hey guys what's up so I've been trying
to use this DSLR camera for doing some
vlogs the last couple of logs because I
really want to try doing things kind of
from a different perspective and I feel
like this camera gives me I don't know
more control how everything looks
everything but the problem I'm having is
there's an LCD screen right there and
every now I got to look over at it and I
feel like it's like what's he looking at
it's almost like when you're making a
movie and is a don't look at the camera
when you're using these cameras you're
making a vlog it's like don't look at
the LCD screen or else it ends up
looking like really weird but yeah so
I'm trying to use this a little bit but
let me know what you guys think about
comments does it make that big of a
difference to you or is it kind of just
like oh whatever here's using something
different just wondering
is it just me or is having a clean house
one of the most frustrating things to
accomplish in life I feel like you
cleaned it up it gets messy you clean it
up it gets messy and it's just like this
cycle that never ends and you just end
up being mad and frustrated all the time
because you have so many kids that just
destroy that was like look at how messy
this kitchen is and that's just from
breakfast is just from breakfast like
nothing else a little bit of snack last
night but it's like mainly breakfast
mess and I'm like what the heck how can
I make it so that my kitchen is not so
busy all the time there's got to be some
sort of like trick to it what do you
guys do to keep your house clean because
I cannot stand this mess anymore
Oh
so that's a bit better and I here Libby
calling so my clean time is officially
over
still not great but a lot better rate
work on matter Libby with a matter then
when I come and get you you're all happy
with his car oh I know so yeah this is
basically gonna go on hold it ah don't
crush me again guys Nikki just went
grocery shopping and look at this
friggin mound of groceries a surprise
that's not even all of it there's still
another proud of it over here that is a
crap ton of groceries do we need all
this stuff i just said to like people
giving me weird looks with my big huge
grocery cart it's just I four kids and
an empty pantry do people give you where
that is and this like I had three people
line up behind me in the goddamn right
hey guys what's up so i got my hamazon
package open it up no it is but
there are so much stuff on Amazon
sometimes i forget i order something and
anyway who forgot it or that it's a
special treat great shipping option here
comes on this big giant box for these
two little things alright so I gotta
pull from my GoPro and there's Libby
yeah this is little talk abou and six
batteries for my GoPro this is really
gonna amp up my ability created videos
because my problem with the GoPro is I
have all these plans I want to make
these videos and then my camera battery
dies a quarter of the way through the
day and I can't make any more videos and
I'm screwed so this should really help
me out
you
