hey guys what's up so I just watched the
knife nose video of Austin and the
incident that he got involved in online
with another woman and I just wanted to
say that we're praying for you guys and
we know this has probably been a really
tough time going through it for a while
not didn't you start but we're praying
for you guys and we're here for you and
we hope that all of our subscribers you
guys are watching this also take the
time to send a little pearl for the
Nationals and the things that they're
going through the situation and I mean
yeah right off the get-go with a lot of
people say oh it was Austin's problem
how can he do that it is such a horrible
guy but you know what we all like to
think that we wouldn't do that if we
were in that situation but we don't know
what we would do for in this to do it
but how could I say I don't know what it
would happen if I was in that situation
so life's hard and we go through
challenges and I hope that this is
something that they will get through and
look back on and think about how strong
it's built their relationship together
but yeah so we just want to make this
quick video say we're praying for you
guys we're here for you and we hope all
of our subscribers everyone that's
watching this will do the same all right
have a greedy
