we're gonna go figure skating well we're
gonna go play a regular skating man
skating I'm figure skating my name is no
laughs mom I do i do I did you do today
to do you do didn't I do that she's like
I'm getting smothered
you can push
so God
just really good
thank God buddy
you guys machine daddy now
Oh
anyway when you watch in I'd be playing
ugly what do you say no mommy can't
afford are you to play hockey you should
know is even more fun soccer shin pads
issues so yeah I cry sleeping in bed
he's like wrapped around the ladder so
he's wrapped all around the ladder his
arm he's drooling he's through the
ladder prong that's how we sleeping
tonight hey guys what's up so ah dream
boxing day I bought a home theater
system and the only catch is mommy
doesn't know about it can actually be
mad the speakers can you see me but it
sounds so good right it's my family so
we just watched a movie with Nick and I
like it a lot but i kept the box stuff
just cuz she wants me return it but she
should be home from work in 20 minutes
and we'll see what she thinks whether
she's gonna be really bad or she's gonna
let it slide hopefully she'll let his
life yeah ok guys so Vicky's home Vicky
guess what I got today would you get
today Humpty your system where there's a
big speaker here and if I'm beside it
there's one behind the couch and there's
one over here by the lamb what didn't
say you were this online it just it just
came to the door no you obviously
ordered it online
so can I keep it Oh what who buys
something sets it up and then asked if
they could keep it what I think it I
have a better chance if I said oh I
reach what you know before you know we
never talked about that you talked about
this and I said no several times we
talked about real long time ago and then
big enough to have surround sound our
room so small we said before you said
before when I was gonna buy before you
were gonna let me go buy it but then
when I went they did we're all sold out
and then this one was on sale boxing
busy so I'll let you think about it well
you do I let it sit for a little bit and
we'll come back to it come back to the
discussion
