sup so Malachi and I are having a
father-son day on his birthday and where
are we malachi chucky cheese so we're
gonna go play around a chuck cheese for
an hour or so as long as our tocas last
so we're gonna have a good time hey bud
let's go Barney okay so mob guys trying
out this sonic game he's gonna try and
get 125 oh dude you almost got a maximum
under 25 nice check out our tokens oh
yeah nice one dude can you play out
again scrabble a lot of fun so far Chris
Malachi playing his pogo stick game that
would be an exhausting day but I'm not
always anymore well guys play his
favorite game mario kart
is that awesome okay you can't really
reach the pedals he's a little too small
maybe it's all for this game maokai you
ready yeah okay so here's our grand
total 448 tickets good job Malachi but
happen eb to the ck last time that
presses button to get your ticket
remember there you go shop my surprise
place are you save it for hey Mark I
what you doing now for McDonald's
special birthday father saw the date
fosters Sunday yeah check it out so I
can eat these pecans and I think that
might be the end of our fun day together
breathing tube you'll practice hey you i
go somewhere else
what do you want look we found the lego
store
we decided to go to the mall and check
out the lego store because there's not
one near us but there's one at this von
mills mall you mean Zane I think this is
what Zane is for Lego Gaga cuz
your robot that's fine mark I do you
like Ninja Turtles he's trying to hug
every single one of them I don't know
why he likes integer 0 so much because
he's never seen the TV show so I don't
know wouldn't be like fall in love with
him hey guys so we just finished Lego
story and laughs I got star wars lego
and magazine he excited so he used his
birthday money to pick up some new star
wars lego so excited to go home and try
it hey super supper because that's
another psychic friends birthday pepper
me lo so much you go like this and you
can see if you're in your camera that's
okay i know i'm in the camera I were I'm
totally in the camera anyways so Malachi
fancy boy are you guys nice separate I'm
let's go what's wrong baby what's wrong
what's wrong no I be on the floor my
mouth cry let's go he's too busy playing
with his awesome new Lego toy you write
comment below if you know which movie to
see a pulsar okay I'll give you a clue
here's your clue here's the vehicle
a new lunch thank you what else did you
get robot rock star wars saw we had the
competition in the background cuz
Malachi is the birthday boy
you
