hey guys what's up so today's a crazy
day because Vicki left to go to some
play dating with Levi and i'm watching
maokai libby abney lily and stephen
their friends so it's a hectic day
they're going nuts in here right now are
you crazy guys doing under the bed see
what how so yeah that's what's going on
today everybody's a little bit I'm just
trying to edit all the pictures I took
from the love movement event which was
awesome so yeah that's what I'm up to
here we go Steven verse Malachi we
boxing who's gonna be the winner I'll
carry Oh mal kind docs him down oh here
we go he's back up Stephen fight back
yeah punch too much muscles that's right
mark I should go Gingka connection
you're out mauka is the winner whoa nice
dance nice dance moves you must learn
your dance moves from mom ok so we
missed yesterday's presents the diva
fourth business so now we're doing all
the ones so here we go I think they I
probably know what it is by now can you
guys guess what we're giving you from
what we've given you before Oh close
okay Ready Set open ah
yeah hey no drop point candy cane your
mouth I think mark eyes excited for
ninja go so those are for all you share
hey yeah more Lego that's the rest of
them all the ninjas black ninja loon and
jack damn right bro samurai girl whole
set what do you guys say Levi what do
you say hey guys so I just got back from
the bulk barn where I topped off my tea
before the holiday this is green tea my
favorite one this is lemongrass tea
which is also quite delicious when you
combine it with the green tea and this
is a new one they had so i just got a
little bit of it it's a green
pomegranate tea with rose leaves i think
or something so i'm about to brew myself
a little bit out right now and see how
it tastes i think it's going to be good
it smells delicious but sometimes you
get them they smell good you tasted your
leg off like cannot drink a cup of tea
of this so what's your guys favorite tea
Vicky lady doing editing pictures from
weeks ago why are you logging this check
out this pretty baby pictures with you
look pretty he's handsome check with
these handsome beaten pictures this
one's super sharp too cuz look of crisp
is Isaac so great pitcher picky very
good picture you're quite talented and
beautiful attractive oh my god yeah I
mean she won't let me kiss her she
doesn't love me Anna cuz I have a really
bad cough and she's just like PDA loser
who doesn't like PDA so as you guys know
I've been having a hard time with Vicki
goes work his Libby will nike and sleep
or nothing and Vicki finally comes up
with a good idea she says why don't you
try putting in our car seat and then
just like getting all ready to go aside
like put Oliver warm stuff like she
always sleeps in there
and it just walk her walk like walk
around in their car seat and I did and
it worked she's sleeping and she's been
sleeping for so long yeah yeah he took
her bottle good and she took her bottle
of good she reached for it so she was so
hungry I lied her down and then I'm
about to like bring what the bottle up
like this and she like restoring hands
out like to try and grab the bottle
because she wanted it so bad so it was a
good night finally with one good night
yes
you
