sup guys so I am on my way to be the
official photographer for the love
movement arts event so you taking
pictures of urge and
and the events of art but I think you
take a loss pictures but unfortunately
is from two till eight so I'm going to
be away from the kids and everybody for
the entire day basically so they're
going to be best sleep by telling you
home so I'm basically a bachelor today
no big deal hey guys what's up so I made
it and they're still setting up but I
think it's still gonna be a pretty cool
night they got some nice pepper on I
think they'll be sitting up art and
stuff I got over there and they're all
around these white spots but Josh isn't
here yet and they're still setting I
think I three hours ago so we'll see how
it turns out looks pretty sweet so far
though with baby einstein on for lippy
do you like your movie do you like the
movie Libby I think her lack of response
to me said she likes it a uid BVI's day
movie yeah McGary trying to sit up in
her chair like I don't want to lie down
I get this cute face it looks up at me
is you've done eating hey hey which is
done eating she cuz I've she looks up at
me like that is a big smiles I just love
it did shits again right hey guys what's
up so the art gallery thing is all set
up and ready to go I think they're about
like 20 minutes late setting it up but
that's ok cuz I don't think everyone can
get but it's looking good looking good
so that's it looks pretty good so far
you guys I'm scarowinds from the
perspective of thought same to you this
is the Lord's eve of their tomograph
know me but as I said to be considered
that way and hopefully will trust
Oh
hey guys what's up so I didn't get a
chance to end the vlog because my stupid
camera battery died Josh in them didn't
have a video person show up so I tried
using my GoPro record most event and the
battery doesn't really last help
