hey guys so here's a before look on my
hair I'm going to go get it done I'm so
excited and i'm meghan know what i'm
doing yet but i'm still excited and
nervous all at the same time because i
don't know what to do i just want like
messy and my head so i'll show you the
after he was doing it earlier hi
periscope is so if you follow us on
periscope you can see Libby laughing
from Levi so go check that out maokai
and libby give each other hugs I mean
Levi I'm such a bad dad revine lippy you
love her oh oh what she's crying yeah
she needs a hug for my big brother maybe
oh that's nice hey guys so yesterday I
made a blueberry pie with this no name
brand pie filling I mean to crust but
not
going yeah I'm not I'm just 100 percent
sure what I think about it you didn't
like it right but you like those cookies
we have also made this cookie recipe
that is so good it's oatmeal cookies put
the use corn flakes inside them and they
are so too used to do you guys ever put
weird stuff like that in your cookies
like corn flakes I never thought of
doing that for you read this very second
it's so good right it's like the best
ones we're doing something active today
you look here your active clothes on all
right Libby Libby I'm it easy for
fighting puss hey Pheebs maybe Sydney
maybe we love you that yes let me start
over again resurrected hey guys so
here's my after look of my hair um my
kids and Nick both think that it's not
that big of a change it doesn't look any
different but I think it does cuz it's a
lot darker and I have no Bray showing
that's important and I have just like a
few blonde highlights but in but she did
like I'm peekaboo look underneath is
what is called so like underneath you
can kind of see she curled it to kind of
see but you could see like some of the
blonde coming through underneath a
little bit and then it's dark on top
with just like a few blonde highlights
so I like it I feel like it's a nice
change it feels it's not like a Jurassic
change but it feels I'm like fresh like
a fresh new look for me you know because
I just felt so blue before so just
getting your hair done stuff makes me
feel so much better so yes Ashley you
rock you're awesome at what you do and I
appreciate it and hope you guys like it
so lippy has been teething like crazy
today like just really grouchy and
really upset and not being able to calm
down not eating very well and everything
and so she literally falls asleep all
bundled in her car seat when we're out
like she sleeps four hours so we're like
okay let's put her in her car seat and I
had to go anyways Nick
take her with you shall fall asleep so I
took her with me and sure enough she
fell asleep in the car and then she fell
asleep when all the stores and she just
slept and slept and slept I got home the
pizza for the kids and everything we ate
pizza watch the movie and she still just
slept and slept and slept in her car
seat so she's now been asleep since 4 40
I think it was and it's now 820 and
she's still sleeping and she hasn't fed
since like three so I'm like oh my
goodness but at the same time I don't
want a week her and bug her because
she's gonna wake up and I don't want her
to be in pain when she wakes up and the
video crabby again and I feel so bad i
hate the teething thing I gave her some
camellia and actually seemed to help
because I mean after she fell asleep and
was able to sleep through pain but now I
don't know what to do I'm kind of torn
should I wake her or she'll let her
sleep but look at her guys you know
bundled up she is Cardinal had on her no
coat he's just sleeping so soundly I
live in there I so snuggly don't know
what to do she's always she to make up
anytime soon like she's out for the
night guys Vicki made the most amazing
dinner last night I had it for dinner
last night lunch today and dinner say it
was so pretty good and she's like happy
to take a picture of him posted on
Facebook I was like I don't know it was
just so good and now it's completely god
I couldn't take a picture of it now that
I'm telling you she made I can't
remember what it's called some mexican
thing cat catch something Vicki what is
that thing called that you made
yesterday chicken enchiladas that's why
that's gone I didn't take a vision yeah
they were so good I can't wait for the
next time she likes chicken enchiladas
and they're nice because she makes them
and they're really spicy shows we
normally make stuff spicy and these are
a super spicy good
no spit at her is germ fest 2015
now I should just watching you guys he's
gonna do it anymore yes are you gonna do
it cuz you fall stop okay yeah maybe my
name is getting angry oh don't do it
baby oh baby can you go pee okay you
can't make her do her from the top of
her head
you
