hey guys what's up so I've me and I are
going on daddy daughter day we got our
own car to use and we skipped at school
so I'm you guys have to go school today
we're gonna go to the mall we're gonna
go to the fish store will get to we're
gonna see at the moss the best part my
mom my grandma my insane yeah they're
all gonna be at the mall today so we're
getting me up with them for lunch and
then we're gonna go to chucky cheese so
yeah fish store and then we're going to
chuck e cheese and i've never been to
chuck e cheese so or check it out you've
been there though right at me he says
fun so we're gonna I cell phone there so
stay tuned cuts gonna be jealous oh
really just fine like 50 need they'll be
fine alright so we're off yeah I mean I
got some donuts cuz we like to
understand what you get dirt dirt and
worms ona check out these donut guys
does that not look so cool he's got Oreo
crumbs and chocolate donut with worms
coming out of it I'm he's like I want to
get that why Jerry worms it looks really
good looks good all right we're in town
mom alright cool let's go though abney
our toys r us and she's checking out the
journey girls to like you yeah they're
like american girl dolls except for toys
r us here and yeah here's the ladies
oh boy whoa Christmas dress one you want
a Christmas present for this right yeah
you're just checking them out see which
ones you like awesome awesome I'm he's
riding skateboards it's like a little
tiny mini skateboard though it's not
even real like these ones yeah yeah hey
is muster hi okay let's see
that's good enjoy Dina
I believe in you
yeah but move that foot closer to the
front you don't usually use a little toy
I don't think this is a good idea yeah
you did okay so we've been in Claire's
for like an hour leave I just got here
with mommy me everybody havin me what
are you gonna get this thing cool yeah
we gots all vinegar popcorn now we're
gonna have lunch with me yeah so lets
you know yeah it's gonna be good geez
I'm y'all done at the mall and now we're
going to chalk you choose haha great
avni gave me so much fun energy to
chuck-e-cheese Yankees you I get you I
tell her so guys so much fun at Chuck E
Cheese I can't wait hey hey yeah there's
our van represent a mom Paribas honest
this guy buddy okay we made it chuck
cheese average winning the ballgame oh
you got doesn't come on have any oh nice
check out all the tokens we're hitting
oh yeah baby jackpot sweet nice wet a
okay Chuck E Cheese just email it
apparently is giving free tickets Greg
at me grabs me as you can
nice oh sweet score 0 drop one yes
Albany ok so we're playing mom's
favorite game deal enough yeah that's
good that's a good number for playing
deal or no deal mom bet you wish you
were here yes 10 this is mom's favorite
gaming Avenue Vicky's gonna be jealous
I've nice practicing your aim on this
game it's guys trying to nail those guys
get him get him get him there you go I
just didn't I got everyone but one I
still lost oh good I you got five kids I
wish I gotta be dominating is mario kart
game ok teach it to your face and puts
it on your character it's this is peach
it's pretty funny ok so how many just
finished cashing it all over tokens she
got 417 not too shabby so that's just
shopping around trying to figure out
what she wants I'll show you guys where
we get ya me what did you get with your
points
lollipop stickers wizard bracelet
tattoos twenty-five dollars well spent
sure hosts for gyros that's nice already
go home get a good time awesome timing
for the drive home so if you know this
song came in like a wrecking ball happy
he just came up with a new version of it
and I was laughing so hard and then
we're gonna sing it for you ready have
any one two three killing us one man it
came in like a wonder I just start
singing that as we were driving past it
and it's made me laugh sword it was so
funny did without me she had a good time
daddy daughter day
she's chowing down cuz we got itself
mayor popcorn she got a big bag of
Awesomeness now we're on our way home I
mean I printed off this cool sketch
pitcher and guess what the whole stupid
thing disappeared we don't know where
the heck it is they already it's such a
bummer because really thought it was
cool like cutting off my head oh sorry
there is that better is that better such
a bummer because I happening I really
liked it we're gonna keep it but we lost
it lisa is gonna make better one yeah
we're gonna try and make another one
taking a selfie later
you
