did you put on your own sorts today so i
finished my custom-built guitar it's the
seniors wish but so Nick playing a video
game and I just had a quick shower and I
come out and I find Libby like this on
Nick's lap she's comfy did you fell
asleep like that I always play video
games with all of our kids yeah I have a
picture of every one of them with you
playing the video game but not like this
before this is the first first like this
do your husband's have will your tricks
like that with your babies ok molokai
starter drum lessons yesterday right
maokai do you like it so I to get you
something to help with your drum lesson
it's not a big thing about I'll show you
guys come on come in here here's your
drum stuff check out what I got you
what's up I'm not sure no I bought it
for you it's a music stand club do you
like it so I got in this music stand to
hold his music so when he's learning to
play a drum he can have the music stand
you're gonna do your drum lesson now
okay sounds good he's doing a really
good job with he's really excited about
it so I thought hey what better way to
get more excited and again on his own
music Dan well the drumsticks the ground
what are you guys doing what do you have
there what's the book it's still exactly
good luck it's the seniors wish but what
are you guys doing with your markers my
putting our first letter name on them
other things that you want to get yes
Levi oh you're a skateboard yeah are you
doing an elf for Levi Wow Wonder Woman
no wonder women you or any other Batman
outfit you were Batman last year silly I
don't how about you don't have wonder
woman this is why we don't have cable
because I held those TV commercials
don't come on with all the new upcoming
toys and games yeah this is why so I
finished my custom-built guitar here it
is doo doo doo doo doo buh buh buh buh
buh buh Nikki thinks these inlays that I
put in with the birch or super cheesy
and girly but i think they rock anyways
so i decided to sell it already i have
wasn't i finish it like three days ago
yeah something or wiki last week or
something yeah and i decided to sell
because i had bought these other new you
try to plays really well this was never
gonna play as good and it was kinda just
like a fun project so I figure I'm also
just sell to somebody that's gonna play
it all the time it looks cool though I'm
kind of sad to see it go but at the same
time we could use the money for other
stuff I guess but yeah there goes as
soon as it was built is gone somebody by
posta dating someone like offered to buy
it right away but yeah third his guys I
wanted to show you before I sold it
goodbye first custom built guitar and
probably last ok so Levi and I saw this
gun at the dollar store this is it and
he's wanted it for two days so I we went
to store and we got it today he excited
you want me to open it yeah ok I open it
for you ok yeah you think it see me cool
mine yeah open it for you okay I'm
opening right now there you go
okay Levites ready here you go you try
and shoot it whoa why don't you use the
same bullet and then you lose it all
I'll give you one more guys so viki's
had a photo shoot this morning and I'm
here with the kids Levi this morning
only wanted to wear avenues pants and
then he does to hint that any look so
cute had to show you gotta have these
pants you got out of these pins yeah oh
you just woke up yeah cool eh so cute
sony x what did you do today oh what's
this oh you showing everyone your shorts
did you put on your own shorts today are
you a facebook hang on unit are you a
big boy ah yeah sure when you're short
let's see so here you go you put no I
all by himself guys I show the back turn
around yeah you're so proud so proud
this is wrong exactly of eld oh I want
to see I wouldn't see you early suji
started feel I should i see i would be
around just like you doing the same
thing okay so i made pie last night for
the first time completely from scratch i
made the dough from scratch and i made
the pie filling from scratch and
everything I baked it looks delicious
and I'm gonna try it right now me last
night and I couldn't try out last night
it was so high and I had to go to bed
knows it smelled so good not gonna try
so hopefully it tastes amazing ok so the
pie was delicious say Vicky know Mikey's
hearing
yeah I was really good it was like the
best apple pie I've ever made the crust
was good to a so Vicki doesn't really
want to talk to you guys or not as you
can tell this is where she's usually
with me like what do you think Vicki I
like really think Jules yes really good
what do you want you guys I I'm just
like look at me a talk to me names I had
one slice and it was delicious very very
very very good bye so if you want to
come over happy spike come on by because
we're gonna have lots of it look at how
many apples we pick 50 bazillion apples
and I've already made a pie we were to
eat a ton of apples and give him some
way so yeah I think we'd pick too much
Vicki's gonna make apple crisp this
afternoon too hey guys so for those of
you that have been following us for a
while you'll probably remember that they
took our trees away how long ago is that
vicki was that last summer or is that
like it was a while ago I guess at the
beginning of the summer right yeah if
you like it might even last summer I
don't know you guys probably know better
than ice anyway so they took all these
trees yeah all he's huge like hundred
year old trees in the yard and they took
them all down there like much i get 2
times bigger than that was maybe three
times we're in the house now they've
taken them all out and they're putting
in some new trees so i'll just try and
show you how you can see there's a guy
putting in a tree there and then there I
think they're putting up in one tree for
us because I don't see any other trees
so I think they're only putting one tree
in our yard but you know why that's fine
by me because I don't want to have to do
a lot like take care than the stuff baby
key I've rather than put less and more
wouldn't you what do you think what's
your own we're just gonna have those
no they filled those holes in yeah I
don't know what's gonna happen who knows
man pinky doesn't know what she's
talking about man she's making
enchiladas one of my favorite meal she
makes it once a year salacious it's true
you're right make it about 12 I forget
about it why so good I cannot wait to
cage jeez I just created that she just
went to the grocery store but before she
went she fed Libby so that she'd be good
for me olivia is fussy fussy fussy so I
was picking up rubber / and all of a
sudden happened mega explosions spit up
all over me look at what how look at
this bit up over her all over me it was
disgusting i come in the bathroom and
just like throw it out on there and then
quickly go get a change outfit but now
she got this cute little dress on the
kikuchiyo hey baby yeah yeah you make
you y aren't ya so happened me this
morning and it was disgusting
so yeah
