for the colors show blood from your mom
hot in this red glow leave out look guys
abney feeding baby baby so we are at the
Harvest Festival hey guys so I'm trying
to clean the car out and I guess it's
that time of year but there's like a
gazillion bees bushwhacking the car and
I like they're all over the place
there's one right there there's one
right there through the one right there
there's another one over here look at
all these bees can you get I don't know
if you guys can see these there is it
like a hundred bees all over the place
and they keep my fiery my face stuff but
isn't there's a lot of Pisa here like
you're looking for some food what is the
bees getting yeah yeah don't I get you
don't get ya so we are at the Harvest
Festival which is on our street and it's
a cold day you guys cool yeah like
they're wearing their coats and rain
boots is worth to rain later yeah and
they're all saying that they want
another sweater on leave up Levi's in
there that's hood on
okay okay I got it
big truck boy guys again you're talking
but they have a horse and wagon ride
they have petting zoo and bouncy castle
like we need lots of fun so we only have
two hours left as we got here late
there's the bouncy chair and they're
saying come on mom I gotta go so here's
this heading to we just came across go
and check it out you wanna see you wanna
pesky animals yeah okay good luck
over here
hey want to come view to see conceal the
sheet here each he looked in here I'll
get him you can't hold them
what did you don't pull it it ya Gong
key Pick of the donkey pretty
no I'm seeing the guys daddy bitch will
stay and he's playing me
the team for church so they're doing
that right now
and the Beast sir
and you're decent
you
it has little miniature horses that the
kids can ride and none of them want to
go on it we want to go on the horsey you
don't want to go on the worthy what you
are going to horsey yeah yeah still
let's see Levi do you want to go right
on over see ya okay we'll try you good
do you wanna go on it yeah you don't
want you anymore you wanna go try know
how much funding will be looking look at
a nice horsey you can ride it he'll go
try I'll be fine no okay Malik I've got
the courage he's gonna do it look at you
that's the wrong guy you got it he just
hold on
as my brave boy
you're riding a horse see Malachi what's
happening she's being brave too nice
white horse you got it just pull on that
little thing you got it here's to go
did you see these vitamin E a sister on
the war see you serious right there on
the horsey yeah you see her so mount I
wait to think about riding the worst
seat did you like it are you glad you
did it yeah high five so I do think are
you glad you did it see I told you you
could see you in how about the rest of
you guys want to see some dangerous
juggling tricks okay fantastic while
we're going to do a lot of dangerous
juggling tricks book you see fire some
cool juggling tricks okay so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to start off
with some three Club juggling anything
other this is called the strip would you
guys like to see some okay the first one
is under the arm and it gets harder
under both arms at the same time another
one it's called more forward and
backwards and now what I'm going to do
is I'm going to turn the unicycle into a
pogo stick and bounce up and down but
because that's not hard enough to a
complete 360 degrees spin at the same
time it's called the unicycle bunny hop
spin trick would you guys like to see it
I wish I could do that
can okay watch this let me get a little
closer because i need a soft landing
okay ready watch his kids there goes do
you guys like to taste a rubber okay
I'll back up yeah yeah more for my
safety you guys don't look that padded
ok so here we go on the count of three
the unicycle bunny hop spin trip check
it out I told you hey then he goes up
really quick hey sona be trying I'm onto
you I'm only kidding ok so here you guys
want to see this that's not going to
work you guys want to see it okays watch
this okay hang on I'm gonna show you a
really hard Trek this is called the
weenie roast and after you posted the
weenie you want to toast the buns oh
yeah there we go get that it up the beer
has been so good the entire time she's
mostly
this is written weeka he's been so good
and Avenue just make off of the his
plane and dragged him to get a cab me on
the wagon ride and leave I went with
them to Malachi Wanda bouncy castle and
they close in 10 minutes so I was like
look at you both so we got Nick we're
like you're almost done come on smell
the song we pulled him down so hopefully
we'll see them on the street I can show
you a penny and making me by
it tho Avenue and daddy caught the last
ride of the day have any avenue okay
Levi are you gonna put our side fly away
yeah okay Levi watch the ledge balloon
go outside to fly away I know how many
does not want to do it move it Avenue is
his balloon I'm getting out here let it
go if you let it goes gonna fly oh there
goes up in the tree Levites by the way
your balloons flying away say bye
balloon you can't get it Oh miss Gallo
need to rescue helicopter okay let's go
back inside look guys have nice feeding
baby baby is the first time she's ever
had a bottle and I'm he's the first one
to do it mommy went out today and she's
taking a good is she on me you're
feeding her for the first time you
giving her some food for the first time
ebony you didn't good job abney so I
took Libby to the doctors for her uh oh
my goodness for week yeah one month
checkup and she weighs 11 2 which was
exactly my guest nixa she was like 12
something and I was like I think she's
like 11 2 and it was exactly right so
it's kind of cool when we were there
they listen to the little mer mer that
they've been following in her heart and
they decided that they wanted to send
her to a pediatric cardiologist so
that's where I'm taking her today so we
are here at my mom can keep me company
Livi's gonna squirt screaming the back
cuz car stopped and yeah so we're gonna
see how this appointment goes just to
get an echo done school we'll see you
later so I'm in this
back nursing room and it's really cool
because they have Bibles and prayer list
on the wall and I just thought that was
really cool that I'm like a Christian
office so here's the prayer list and
they have five all right here where I'm
is nursing and they have idols gonna
head look pretty cool you are yeah if
he's gonna happen cool done you quite
can see their own master those nice big
comfy spot yeah this comfy really nice
and high she knows that Thun she got yes
yeah she's everything all the time yes
sing it to her all the way through in
the womb and eigen Singh
for the colors show blood fun you're not
hot in this red blue leave out that's
all there is to it okay so I got good
news from the pediatric cardiologist
said that Livi is completely fine she's
like a tiny little small like five
milliliter hole which is like nothing
they don't literally consider it concern
unless it's like 10 so they said it
should probably close up by time she's a
year so we go back with you a year old
just to make sure that it's closed up
but she's um doesn't have any like um
what's the word they use a systematic is
that it ya know like symptoms of it
anyways so that's good so I'm really
happy about that and it was a really
great experience I'm just really
grateful that I have for healthy
wonderful children so I'm very very
blessed ok Phil Mississippi he's just
feeling you feel great don't you yeah
you didn't like having that cold gel on
you loaded you don't you see what's a
smile I want to say hi and smile yes you
do I know you're trying so hard you see
her like she's trying so hard to do it
yes I can see that you want to to smile
oh well that too let's try at the
squeezy to look at is full belly look at
this low belly looks just like mom I
mean excuse me would be like you oh yeah
second it is is well look like I have
lost all my baby weight thank you very
much There was that kid oh you're
fantastic kumasi ha I don't know if I
showed you her head been on yet but it
matches her outfit perfectly and it's so
adorable look at this see this is why
you have girls there we go
Hey look at that is not so cute and you
were pretty girl lippy are you pretty
girl so we decided since the weather's
nice again to go for a family walk
before bedtime um and it's very very
nice out and it supposed to be like 30
tomorrow but like just yesterday it was
like eight so it's been like crazy cold
and then crazy hot again it's like you
don't have a dress or kids anyway so I
just started walking and I'm babywearing
Livi and look it she's already starting
to fall asleep I see her in there he's
gonna be bz she likes it in here yeah I
go see eyes and they're they're closed
so yeah
