no I'll do it come back to father like
daughter I got the worst it goes here's
Malachi going swimming but he doesn't
want it shorts to get wet k VV why are
you gonna rev it up mmm ready whoa look
I grips the sides like he's writing a
big Harley mmm looking some ice Abby's
gonna go to McDonald's and asked if
she'd have a cup of ice so she can chew
it how many you did it
this year you have some yeah gave them
the cup there's a cup of ice this year's
race I like behind the counter you're
like excuse me I see it I see my god so
you're like yeah just wiki'd moat is it
cold is that breezy no hey guys so we
just got some new Lego video games
because we all love them right guys you
guys like the Lego video games so we got
the lego movie videogame we got lego
batman three and we already own lego
star wars and they go marvel superheroes
so these other ones are really fun to
play to the kids are just playing the
new lego movie game and what you have to
do so far like build feel what first we
got a structured yeah vs ish up two
million interception too though then you
know you got to build something i have
to build something yeah rebuilding yeah
first we're going to happen like that
which means construction but yeah it's a
lot of fun do you guys play these games
I just jumped on Vicki Ke$ha she says
she was gassy and was lying just like
this as soon as I got up Levi jumps on
her back and does the same thing yeah he
gave her squeeze give mommy a squeeze ah
that looks cozy is that cozy yeah all
right good you gotta give her a kiss
give mommy a kiss here we reach for your
mom oh you want a jumped instead oh okay
no that's not the joys of children when
we were out in about like really
shopping this up we met so many other
families of four and they kept going hey
yeah for kids for kids like this special
group that we were apart of yeah we've
joined like his elite club of people
with poor kids
and we so Brian oh you saw your friend
Ryan it was person Levi you're torturing
mom here give her a break grace your
hiccup this guy seriously as I say like
father like daughter I got the worst he
goes oh very good Johnny not leave it
Olivia not me right right there if he
doesn't like hers either no we don't
like your hiccups no you feel if it's
making me so grab her like father like
that okay Sally figured that the kids
could stay at their cousins for a
sleepover but one last time for summer
is officially over so we're at my
sister's house and i'm so tired giant
giant house i'm just gonna sleep you
guys are done and yes Malkar you awake
back there yes it was a far drive we
needed and then Nick and I used to turn
right back around and drive back such
but you guys excited for your sleepover
that's cuz we're allowed to drive so far
to see ya dad your chairs in the way
gotcha and Libby slept the entire drive
two and a half hours so she did good you
turned the wake up cuz the car stopped
he likes yes she does like the movement
she likes our walks in our car drives
right so guys we made it for our first
actual family outing not just a Walmart
we're at the zoo today
he got to come Nick's got her on the
little carrier and we got beaver tails I
did I think that's the only reason it
comes tuesday really is your tail why
come to the zoo they're so good ab me
you went to you to a birthday like it
hasit Fleming and Levi have been
munching on his arrow cookies for the
last hour he's aight like the whole
package why are you kicking your shoes
off why are you kicking your shoes you
don't want your shoes on anymore Oh
silly goose guys look how close her up
with this cheetah right here on the
glass no idea probably just wants to get
you anything thank you so thing is
following you oh you go back in the race
if he follows you again yep come back
he's going back and forth and i'll save
it yep you're gonna get guys you must be
really hungry it's the hippo going in
the water take it no he's here go read
in there you go I need to come back then
hmm I need a roll over here you go look
how big he is that he's huge there's a
draft Levi Levi was there yeah dress Wow
yeah tues dress
yeah they're cool know that you're
walking around so we I'm walking and
feeding at the same time that's pretty
hardcore so those new closes in like 10
minutes and this is we never been here
this late but it's like the best all the
animals are gonna run around doing cool
stuff so yeah we're probably gonna come
late every time now baby baby and I say
you going son I don't want small back
yeah you're right can they look really
cool the way here's malachite going
swimming but he doesn't want to shorts
to get wet says yeah he's got it like
that you guys even his way good there
you know oh my gosh hey Mac I mark I
Molokai make sure you don't get your
shorts wet ok ok good
he's gonna sit down that water I bite
you is it oops i sat down a good trip
and fall in or something that's so funny
so yeah
