so it's Saturday and we're going to have
so much fun today we have like a big
beauty event happening as a pet stores
oh yeah yeah we're gonna color really
played with that Nick and I are going
out tonight is date night we're really
excited because our site is grandma
grandpa coming and we're also happy
because we found the box of kitchen food
and it'll toy animals and stuff so the
kids aren't here playing restaurant you
gotta see this so they chose their own
little table over here you me at all by
themselves set that up right hi yeah you
help and because we're customer is
ayudar classic tomorrow you have any
comes over to eat yes so funny I guess
we found the box to had that are you
freaking kidding here oh yeah that fun
wow how I put the sign cried a little go
ask we're playing making a mess in the
spring so yeah that's a fine
so we're here at our event and there was
our added an event in our new home town
and we don't finish in free food Holly
boy is the dress right guys got all the
free food hot dogs and hamburgers and
drinks and everything and now read it
all into you there's some minis worsen
and you can hold bunnies there's a
beauty using over there it's animals and
snakes and turtles and everything that's
failing hey the same snake that I know
if it's the same one but yeah I know Oh
yellow Oh have a bunny seating area I
wouldn't wait up sit down and the
bunnies please on your lap Levi yes me
down you're cute others can cover you
guys like that yeah so awesome I have a
bunny on your lap so if you want to go
this money guys okay and everything a
bunny look like that
I'm so weird hahaha hi bunny my bunny
okay I know yep here's the dirt off make
it is way over well it's not a turtle is
it tour disgrace well be coming to see
you Malachi oh no you're not nice for me
trying to get out of it listen here
let's in here after the women folk
educator alligator trailer like thanks I
don't know alligator
how does some feel dog is one of you
guys agree right thought that was how I
like moving a snake Avenue the way you
want to test a you would you're not me
no way watch the way for want to go on
vacation oh man my god speaking videos
thanks
ah that's cool a man joint anyway cool
yeah cool Little Bighorn we are driving
by our house is being filled and we see
windows and doors were so excited and we
have a roof shingles is going to make it
not as hot there's our roof done there's
some stuff means we're at the brick on
the bottom there about the doors going
in oh yeah so excited those wind okay
nice yeah i can write I like how it has
the white things in between the window
hey tires instead of just it's not bars
but whatever but look so after a crazy
traffic we're finally down no unless you
need all this assistance I'm always
carry across somebody oh yeah we're
downtown
and it took a detour because we're
driving and raising a scientist says its
role in close I was like that's the road
that's on our GPS to change though I was
like quick and they got do crazy news to
get over to a deteriorating Road yeah
and it's also a good thing that we are
really learn to solve car where is a
little smart card it's been such a
lifesaver this will my wife are guys so
get it looking at dollarama downtown
thank you a few people who are really
close be on the right just don't go
downtown like right next to you holy cow
anyways I'm affair three-headed black
thing we're going to imagine how lon cho
service costs how are you trial on
thinking it or tell rancho okay yeah yes
that's very true and nick has no air in
the car as i've had the windows down the
entire time and my hair is blowing
everywhere
can a little so that lateral minding you
can't see anything the sun's like right
there there's like the big teeny screen
up there Rogers a couple times are
smarter the baby's skull luminous and
it's a music that's on our radio don't
come to help refresh myself close down
this alley yes can't you see I think
just most of it that money back instead
of I say oh there you can kind of see
nose fun kind of aw really oh my
goodness the pen so for the something
that is you are you right in the middle
of the intersection right now person my
guess is ok but you are kind of in the
middle there we go lets you screen up
there playing something some sort of
advertisement
for
ha ha building
it's a happening place down here I think
we took the wrong beat you are really
going to the big day Hey look
refrigerant section was going again
that's not right here here 10 maybe I am
yeah there was crossing any direction
yeah like all the lights turn red and
you can cross whatever way you want this
ring possibly here here's the contrary I
wonder where in young son desper oh yeah
I dentist where happening please discuss
with you were late so we get started
first three minutes where I shall odd
after washing
you
sounds good you finished night on the
town in the hubby is dancing all night
he'll 1130 yeah that's so pathetic
please because we have a two hour drive
home yeah we have to drive so far so we
had to leave earlier than later because
yeah we're old but I was fine it was
really fun she saw salsa dancing I did a
quick little listen so we're going to
get much footage but it was so dark
inside he held so dark out here too so
but yeah we love
