yeah hey guys what's up so Vicki I've
been married for 10 years now and just
how we chose to celebrate okay so avenue
and i are suckers for cute little girl
clothes and we're gonna have to get livi
something
hey guys it's been like eight days since
baby Libby has been born and I am
outside for the first time in over a
week and it feels so weird because it's
like the son I came out and I was like
oh my gosh like it hurts my eyes cuz
i've just been adjusted to the inside
light I guess Oh crazy crazy crazy
anyway so we are attempting our first
family outing uh with all four kids no I
it is really hot so yeah here's gonna
get in your seats yeah at that poor kid
you want to show Lizzy she's all ready
to go in the car nobody to go she seems
really excited for a trip da Vinci si
can see it well we don't want the Sun to
be in her eyes either right we don't
with the Sun in her eyes so first stop
Oh view library movies yeah all right
let's go and we got to return some stuff
too so ox walmart we go it's our first
family of six I would mean okay so
avenue and i are suckers for cute little
girl clothes and we're gonna have to get
livi something going to pick this little
love to be glam turn around look at the
cute little skirt that's only five bucks
so we're totally getting it right yeah
yeah this thing looks kind of long but
we're gonna get it yeah it might be a
little bit big but we want the skirt
right and we bought our cute little
headbands for her cause she's like no
hair so I can defeat City yeah yeah
fancied it up well handsome you like
shopping for little girl clothes for
your little sister know what do you want
oh look at all the bar yeah do you want
some goldfish okay I brought some
goldfish what are you you're getting
Levi ah stickers for potty right for
potty training where are your sticker
square when you go potty oh yeah I told
Nick when he's off on parental leave he
can do the potty training well we made
it back for my shopping adventure we
were gone oh my goodness it's 340 so
that's three hours for for Libby and
she'll usually goes only two hours but
she slept the entire time guys and she
went from one store or the other in a
card out of the car and look she stayed
like this the entire time dear such a
good girl so see it is possible for you
to go three hours yes look so tiny and
Mary that really is so good Oh her feet
or longer oh ya malaki new backpack
dragon Avengers awesome you got your paw
t-shirts down and Nick we buy it what
healthy food healthy food we're gonna be
so ripped soon you guys are gonna cry
when you watch your show gonna be like
how does she does have a beanie oh my
gosh I her husband so sexy Hobbit uh
yeah I can't I'm these background yeah
you're not this you got so many cool
present love it love it yes so much so
yeah we did it successful first family
outing with him hey guys what's up so
Vicki I have been married for 10 years
now and just how we chose to celebrate
pizza slushies and full house because we
have so many kids we can't go out and
Vicki's got a new baby so she just has
to eat it how did you guys celebrate
your 10-year anniversary's so Vicki
how's your pizza pizza's stuff all right
to get been there a piece of Briggs it's
like my all-time favorite and I never
get it is so expensive and we will join
you later it looks really good actually
yeah it's like almost time mine tastes
really good to know slushy yeah thank
you happy anniversary of favors James I
love this one it's not exactly how I
pictured my 10-year anniversary basement
but well that's what happens in shangai
old baby all these kids you know get to
celebrate like normal maybe in 10 years
we can have a 10-year anniversary yeah
Nick and I had all these plans for our
10-year anniversary where we were to go
on a cruise take a weekend New York City
crazy right yeah we're gonna do price is
right and the big amusement park in
cleveland ohio and stuff and she
surprise birthday party this is what
we're doing man this happen days old on
our 10-year anniversary it's not that
big a deal we're just came around but it
would be nice to do something like that
future there's always your 15 hey hey
we're out for our first family walk
we're walking to the grocery store we're
going to go get a big basket of
blueberries make the very pancakes
tonight for supper mmm a lot of really
good deals yeah so here we are in our
big triple stroller and Vicky took
Malachi's in the bottom movies in here
videos in the front
what Vicki attention to you newborn
photos yesterday so if they worked out
i'll show you them now
so I was just sitting here on my tablet
and I came across this baseball video
and leave I came and set up next beside
me and was like so interested in he's
watched it probably about 20 times now
so I want you share with you okay you
want to show the baseball video hmm ok
person one time nah I'll be boo baseball
mom okay push the button no Abby Becky
yeah tell them what's happening let's do
what yeah tell them through yeah that's
been him like the past 10 minutes over
and over and over again it's like good
oh boy ten seconds video maybe not even
four seconds for second video but watch
this guy's this is really cool video so
the guy hits the ball with the bat and
the catcher catches it like so fast that
the the batter's like did you catch that
right cuz you got it so fast yeah I
think we're all done now
so yeah
