hey guys what's up so it is four o'clock
in the morning and it is August 10th
which is the due date for Vicky and she
just woke me up and she goes naked I
think I'm having contractions so
unfortunately she always wants to have a
baby one more sleep being a retired and
you don't want to do anything about stay
in bed she's getting ready ruined up but
ya gotta get up and printer wait a
little while and make sure the
contraction I'll continue there we're
gonna head to the hospital or get this
party started guys excited death the
baby's coming
yes it's gonna be so bad the kids will
go cuz they heard us well the commotion
now have any so excited she can wait I
hear mom say that the baby's coming
why welcome guys okay oh did you cuz I
knew
yeah the litter so because parents are
going to watch them dance thinking our
mom's gonna come up but then my parents
are coming after that to watch them as
well but yeah Vicky we're thinking our
leaving like right now I just put
everything in the car yeah ready go but
he's just I don't know how she's doing
updating your Facebook your shake
facebooking Melissa let her know so she
doesn't find out any other way
okay so there we go oh yeah when I'm
cellphone for so we're going see you
later
um and I please have a BLT breakfast
bagel combo with orange juice ordering
McDonald's on the way to the hospital
I'm sorry if we don't she'll cause that
I'm Dana 50-50 chance of passing out I
don't yet work and I don't want to you
wanna be conscious for the entire day
mm-hmm wife's having a baby right now
yeah I know you go to eat she'll help us
out if he doesn't eat something right
now I feel great yeah yeah girl soon
that's gay no not getting that yet it's
gonna give her an update I found like
three centimeters there like every 10
minutes till so so started early labor I
get in there not an actively we're yet
but we get there who's gonna we sweet
game you
and shake some stuff see how it goes I
know what else we're gonna get maybe
like a luxury room saw chairs and sofas
jacuzzi tub doesn't know who for keep
you posted officially admitted here's
the glorious view from Vicky's delivery
room - Iggy
yeah I'm gonna get it over with right
yeah well you better keep talking yeah
she got a bead I didn't pass it out yeah
that's a good thing great yeah Vicki
thanks from your pass out I've been
feeling a little bit queasy but it's so
really in the morning that makes me more
susceptible to passing it I guess but
and water baths sounds so bad so I'm
gonna try and muscle my way through it
and just try and think happy thoughts my
problem is I have the biggest
imagination so I'll start thinking about
like what's happening in those other
rooms I bet you saw was the opening up
adventure there's guts falling out of
somebody right now things like that is
terrible I know but I can't stop
thinking about it so yeah we're almost
at the pushing point no or not that's a
lie I see it originally 847 and this I'm
thinking it's gonna be more like 7
o'clock tonight 8 o'clock tonight 11:00
can't change it
I'm gonna say 952 yeah you can say Larry
yeah but still still happened quickly
came how long after like a like for me
it was it we're just talking about
Vicki's miracles means hey Amy show it
on the camera
yes don't even know I've been wearing
pants Michael Brad when they cut their
body he'd be like look look what I did
for you yeah you should do that I said
this pregnancy's completely wrecked my
body can you get your little pee bag
okay can you really not vlog this please
hey MA okay Vicky listen why did you
feel gosh it's like a guess you're just
butters
perseus are you okay Vicky what's up hey
don't get this right now are you doing
right now
you having a contraction you're making
it seem like it's so easy just like
laughing yeah I mean contractions have
to lead
you can do the vicki we believe in you
your contractions look so minor making
over the first time you were like
exceeding in the showers so here the
camera in her please know she'd be the
same way of walking part me as a
volunteer decide to carry comfy honor so
Vicki what did we learn about we're
water breaking it's been urine yeah I
guess this is a washer when I came out
of like uh feeling like some drips here
and then I was like a pathways the bed
my water broke to the bed baby urine be
candid that body that was nice but now
I'm hooked up to pitocin because this
baby is thinking Reverend get out and
I'm really shocked his forever I say are
you our yes
Cosima number four it's not how I
planned it or like saw it going so I'm
just like okay well now I got the
pitocin again gape attention I think to
be my new birth time because my times
boss is gonna be three oh my gosh not
346 no that's my guess is no way what's
your guess Vicki no okay
I said eleven but obviously I think I
passed out now one
17 Jimmy getsy me 246 246
oh and yeah I guess the week 2 was yours
811 to 9q do that
mine's 9 1 I think she's probably just
the 9 pounds my guess is 8 pounds 7
ounces for sure I think mines gonna be
right
he thinks that she's not as big as we
originally thought because I think
overdue so yeah so she's gotta be small
and I'm only 8 16 pounds guys
so it's a 16-pound baby did you show how
great it went it looks even bigger now
they're having contractions when she's a
minor
oh I give you I then see it look huge
here's Vicki having contraction but I
have the epidural I got the epidural I
still hurt
but there's one area on my left side and
they said it's like her shoulder or
something is digging in and it's not
very pleasant
doesn't seem like more contraction is
that bad though I mean I have no place
to say yes bit shy smack him oh really
do you think
chances are that bad yeah just chill no
like I am I am like chilling like every
girl's definitely working but it's just
this one area every so often just
clothes
yeah my god fuck again the bvp owner yep
that's kind of weird and gross it's
really gross actually
that's pretty gross part could you can't
get up you have to sin it yeah just sit
she cleaned yet so it is now twelve
thirty five oh yeah sorry I'm like
completely shocked because when they
check me I was only four centimeters and
I was like are you serious cuz those
contractions are getting intense yeah so
yeah 12:35 and Vicky still has not had
the baby so we'll see what time it is
we're really worried Vicky wasted our
time face but there's bouncy balls okay
Vicky you are ten centimeters what time
is it 12 so what did I say last time 12
35 so it's like been 30 minutes since
last time I think we updated you're
already 10 centimeters said I guess you
went to get the doctor or something
where I get this party started
this would either like have like the
little ways here there I'm like you guys
need me I'm ready to go Vicky's ready to
go the baby's coming
she seemed like she was really stressed
out a second ago but now we turn the
camera so happy right so somebody's
gonna have to hold the leg okay anyway
holder hey Lily keep it up here a little
bit and contraction up bring her legs up
your hands are gonna go find you take a
nice deep breath this is exciting I
can't go too close just in case I pass
out yeah why do you all your memory
there you go come on Vicki
keep going keep going keep going go go
go go go and again your breath chintz
your chest and push that's a spot that's
a spot we'll stop
it'll stop stop you did a great job
oh hi many blankets and dr. Sistani for
delivery please okay it's okay just
breathe free
I seen you at all time
what's there the time comes
hey keep going keep going keep going
and again checking your breath and push
Christmas
bush
it was very gentle comfort
Huff's thank you you're gonna get come
on and stop again really gentle push
very gentle he's trying to save you from
tear okay okay oh yeah no you're doing
it Vicky try okay her head is out okay
Marshall
yes Libby okay Wow push okay Oh your
machine it's a she congratulations now
you can put those like hang out there
Oh
oh she's tiny compared to the others
she's really smooth see you don't come
here to them
Hertz just trying to open our eyes is
she oh listen to that cry
I'll see this Oh
pop it up
to finger down
oh yes ice crashing oh it's good to have
you sure yeah so it looks like she's
blue but she's not no it's me critical
okay I know I'm bucking yet that was
like so creams are very
oh yeah don't see how much brains you
have they look like a lot you have 35
fall all right you ready let's go see
how much you weigh pumpkin come here hi
seventh week smallest one don't mind 13
8 13 yeah baby gonna fit 4,000 Wow
under 4,000 right bang on well 4,000 you
got your blood sugar no no it's under
4,000 or about 4,000 I think so too
well you're going to be happy
I don't think she oh oh no five all
right shall you go see your mama
you ready
I'll get her work and I like how wrinkly
you're handsome big to it yeah I look
really big
so cripple she looks sleep whatever just
to know
yeah she's being very quiet it's good
sign dress yeah yeah I know right
I know it's so hard I have to look at
all the baby pictures to be littell you
know she looks like yeah okay poor yeah
yeah she looks familiar
so Vicky how do you feel happy yeah that
was like 30 seconds of pushing four
minutes four minutes so cuz she made me
stop oh yeah she started 1259 she's
burnt one of three but there was like
stop yeah this one I could feel coming
out yes one for me but the doctors think
saved you a lot down below for
stretching or ripping and stuff yeah
she's like do you know how hard is to
stop pushing
I know it seemed like it was her but no
I don't know I imagine it's like pushing
on to poo in this stopping halfway and
then be like no don't like yeah except
for painful
except for painful yeah be a bigger in
people dick
well congratulations Vicky I can't
believe it either
Danielle Staub well-meaning but all over
at the same time will show you more
video footage of the baby later you know
she's trying to get her to latch Hey so
here's Libby I got to hold her
isn't she so cute hi maybe I was read a
video of little Avenue when she's little
we could played him side by side right
now when we tell him I think she looks
like Avenue the way she did has a
newborn well I think he's some pictures
and put him all up thanks guys I'm
totally loving all the pink she's so
cute she's in her eyes are open for a
long time why she wasn't my ten pounder
I love holding babies no they sit still
they don't ask you questions or first
night why not under times in a row well
they might actually might as biggie
first act up but you don't three hide it
you know my probably had not our Road Oh
to be good she's got the longest
fingernails I can't believe like how
this was just inside of you yeah this
was just and we saw it come out of you
yeah it was pretty hey guys what's up so
we are in our own private room now and
it is wonderful you're around about look
there's my beautiful wife my beautiful
new baby
so Larry right now
oh Sh his knees listen you trying to get
her hands out so bad yeah let your
little finger
she's a she wants to stretch look she's
trying to stretch like a bestie and I
don't want to nurse her again because it
I just hope your tummy yeah it's a good
contraction the uterus going down is
very painful but the good news is I can
feel my legs and everything now mom you
seem like you're recovering very well I
don't know if he's thinking I'm ending
good boy
no that's what was that like you'd feel
that girl no that's why you feel like
you're recovering very well like it
seems a year I feel like I could walk
faster and make the bathroom docile do
your dinner but not yet but I think I'm
still numb down good to stitches right
he said one here just once - that's
really good yeah that's if he was a
really good doctor and was like stop
slow gentle he's fantastic make sure
that you can
so I'm sitting here and she's like
that's it back to the bathroom Nikki
after over pastor over Ricky and
so basically they want me
he's like a buddy's delight at all with
me she's like squirt
see ya she's wonderful
hey guys
I see the baby
you can see the baby but okay
okay see the baby she cute
your baby sister really all said
everybody
yeah it's really bad would you do
J avenues can hold her little sister for
the first time yes he's got a high it's
okay she can write you can hold her up
now she gets squirming upset don't go
bad she was like that with me too you're
the big sister to your little girl oh
that's just Bansal eyes oh that thing
yeah it looks like she scratched herself
a little bit and yeah really on females
yeah she's even better with that mean
issues with me you know what she was
good ah okay first kid
BB nose oh yes she's great yeah rock
guys having a turn holding baby Libby he
did such a good job yeah you can give
her a lots of kisses oh that's nice do
you love her she's nice isn't she she
nice and cuddly with you yeah
yeah yeah hey guys so everybody's gone
now and it's just me and Vicky and Libby
she's having those snooze on me she's so
cute when she's sleeping I love babies
there's so much fun to hold and cuddle
so that's probably it for tonight you
were just gonna chill out
take some sleeps Vicky's gonna continue
feeding the baby and it's getting better
I won't get back to you guys tomorrow I
get to go home but everybody's so happy
to see Libby so yeah thanks guys for
joining us on this little delivery
journey it was a lot of fun well for me
anyways
was it fun for you Mickey yeah a blast
