so I'm just sitting outside the house
after camping because Vicki locked me
out yeah that's how you have to search
on the surfboard with your arms out guys
read the creaky Josh shine across he
already missed the funny part now he's
giving you this part k josh is only
3,000 people watching oh I already took
the medium voyage and got all the wet
stuff done you can do it Josh I believe
in you it's not very slippery when you
have hiking shoes if you slip and
falling out what I know laugh so hard
Josh me finding me so hard for bringing
those walking sticks now who's lappy
yeah you did a good job yeah stupid
River and wetness okay Josh and I have
set up all her stuff he's had a nice
little turkey jerky nap and I had a
horrible time so I get my stuff set up
here's mine hammocks under there all
ready to go there's Josh's stuff already
go looks way more comfortable than mine
looking good Josh it's got your pants on
yeah you probably don't understand that
joke but it's funny for us when we watch
this back in 20 years will be laughing
so Josh did I just finished our camping
and now we're heading back and it's so
hot right now but last night it was so
ice-cold I was nice and warm but Josh
was easy I turned into an ice cube
instantly when you camp in a hammock
it's a little tricky because you have to
have the right type of insulation to
keep you warm or else you're gonna
freeze to death because the what the air
is getting from underneath and from the
top so it's a tricky Hill I'm honest I'm
not looking at you so yeah Josh didn't
have the right stuff and he paid the
piper
it is a beautiful like gorgeous sunny
day and the kids and I are at their
uncle kevin's house they're having a
blast way to me and kyle boys doing the
way going on waterslide it's just been a
great day so i'll try to get some
footage of it hey guys so i'm just
sitting outside the house after camping
because Vicki locked me out and she went
up for the date or uncle's house so who
knows when she'll be back but sitting
here locked out by myself alone waiting
it's terrible ah there's Levi in the
pile of owed you and the boat with
graham find your cousin yeah Levi were
you on the bull did you like the boat
yeah was it fun please yeah really a
he's getting water in the I think
grandpa's laying it down a little bit
your epic one side if I wanted to do
some fishing off the dock here did you
get to fish hey you got a fish just cast
it you're ready let's cast it out ready
there you go I'm you live in reel it in
Amy proper fishing terms okay fishies
are busy in there ah oh you're right
there casa fishy yay okay well I'm the
start point that's how you have to start
on the surfboard with your arms out
there yeah now you're surfing bend your
knees and shake there you go tired my
kids out oh I'm so taken up tired them
out hmm time for my nap too so the kids
just been hanging around the house all
day we're gonna try to clean and tidy
and stuff I went got my hair done cuz
difficult when I got my roots done
finish I'm afraid anymore and so now we
decided to get somewhere but they have
no idea where we're going
hello where do you think we're going hi
you don't know who are you excited it's
a real free reason right it's a really
fun idea a party let's zoom in here I
was going to move my painters that were
you think we're headed right now yeah
movie theater yeah well I don't know is
there a certain movie playing that you
guys would want to see ya the mini movie
yeah I think so yeah yeah that's movie
starts really soon though we're running
late it starts in like two minutes so we
get hurt no search now this is 0 starts
now so we got hurry violate know how to
movie stars flower the fire for the Bell
I'm good I'm gonna build a castle peak
hago a big giant sand castle like this
are gonna go one out give up or down on
me yeah yeah you get to you get to sleep
outside um a tent good I'm just excited
to look like this
any of your own camping chair yeah I'm
gonna go to the beach yeah a little
excited about it guys to go to our
stroller problem this little umbrellas
joy this is why you're bringing up Riley
sir not for your kids can carry you in
the halls yes Levi here's a little
dinosaur that it's been walking the
whole time and not even been in the
stroller hey you what are you doing yeah
yeah time to go we're just really tired
I think so try it time to go yeah right
i can't get back up yes to be there
forever nothing stuck how many got a
little birdie mchugh me push this button
is a word just good thing
you work it and then let's say it after
yep you have to get batteries for name
is called star shine yep star shines her
name Dabney got that my laying on the
bed he got what did you get from the
store abysmal control pink big Merle
control car and leave i got a little car
and mommy and daddy got popcorn and we
got gene oh yeah was that like Nancy Bob
Carr mm-hmm we're going to eat it for
our movie night Nick's gonna blow up the
air mattress we're gonna have big movie
night in the living room because our
camping plans got room from the weather
so yeah we were just go camping this
weekend and it's supposed to be like 37
degrees and rain and thunderstorms so we
had to rebook so we're trying to make it
up to the kids because they were really
looking forward to it so we had to make
it up to them we're grateful that we get
the watch a movie I don't know what he's
talking about
