hey guys what's up so it is a tornado
watch right now in our area so there's
thunder there's wins there's all kinds
of things happen or not I mean business
I don't think it's going to happen it
doesn't seem that bad but the skies are
like super gray up here it's probably
not it doesn't even look like is gray as
it looks in real life but you can hear
like thunder and all kinds of happening
do you hear the thunder here hope
there's one you hear it guys here oh ya
think there's gonna be a big storm yeah
already have it today yeah I do is there
a tornado yeah with you yeah you did cuz
we've had them before anybody doesn't
like it so yeah i'll keep you guys up to
it I don't think anything's gonna happen
but it's happening a little bit Oh what
are you say Ellen I would always can put
the camera yeah back it up boys back it
up malachi you're too close hey mommy
hey guys wassup so Vicki and I are at
the drive-in with no kids and Vicki's
like we want for Father's Day I'm like I
want to go to driving without any chance
because what movies weighing Jurassic
world oh my gosh I can't wait I'm really
looking forward to this movie ever since
I heard it was coming out and we're also
after jurassic world pitch perfect 32 or
two is covered as you're playing so
entire staff dies my gosh we had nachos
onion rings french fries and this is
just for movie one movie two we're gonna
get popcorn and jaw deep fried dill
meatballs so we're going all out tonight
because we don't get to do fun things
like this is to us we're gonna go all
out maybe well I you know I yes I came
inside and all here is
laughing and giggling from her but every
time I go in here is dead silent see if
we can find hey I think do I hear you
guys now I thought I heard them in here
where could they be what are those kids
guys are you guys doing it in there you
guys have any fun under there yeah we
found sticky tack class so I'm glad you
found some sticky tags so Vicki said you
guys have stuff under the bed so what do
they need they claim under there under
clean your floors definitely laughs and
legally there's somebody's foot ah
having kids is there ever a dull moment
hey guys so it's Saturday and we have my
family reunion today and a pretty
excited because it's nice to see
everybody please the kids are excited
because they got to go like to meet and
stuff we'll try it the video footage of
that for you guys but it's lots of fun
it's not my uncles and who lives on the
lake and he's got like the big
trampoline thing on the water and he's
got to being in a boat and everything
there's a place there's lots of things
for them to do and yeah I always feel
like we have all day to get ready for
like we knew it was coming it was at
three course Nick and I slept in because
we didn't get home till two in the
morning from the drive-in so we slept in
until about nine thirty ten o'clock and
then Nick decided to destroy the bedroom
and start working I using a tiny but he
didn't finish so our house is like a
disaster zone the kids started
organizing and tidy in their bedroom but
didn't finish and the kitchens a mess
because I didn't have time to clean up
lunch because I had to go and get my
stuff I needed to take to the family
reunion so now next just getting a bag
of ice because that was a last-minute
thing to do as well we're gonna drive
there
so happy father's day we excited spend
the day at the zoo cuz I said Nick
wanted to do family will be hot and the
zoo's fun and thanks for my auntie and
uncle dear because they gave us season
passes for Christmas never did for free
so awesome yes and we're also screened
up and ready to go they are super mario
brothers you place your elbows and
there's a special guest here today for
Father's Day so here it is in just a
second okay huh tanya leigh you don't
want to go see you ok miss the boys take
a picture yeah okay we're gonna go see
the monkeys what are you stealing right
monkeys isn't what you doing what you're
doing hey hi monkey I'm not tired oh
there he goes all right what's in there
Malachi oh look he's in the water
see a big whiner he's sleeping okay
sleeping in the water I'm not me see
I mean yeah
well I'm just blow right above your head
Anthony run right by your head hey great
the kitchen honey there's a swarm of
turtle over here they want to come and
say hi to everybody be smiling yeah what
you did looks like that one big smile oh
dear did he scare you don't bang it okay
guys like all the cute little bunnies in
one in mirror are you see him it went
over there is one in there it's a big
fat one over there it's been like half
half way through the log not so cute and
another one over here writing in there
so except fun day at the zoo and then
we're going to do for supper
six got his cook / seen anyone is mushy
it was Mother's Day would have been an
ice cream parlor just saying she's a
come on ago he's gone well I'm like this
it's my 30 officers really suffer first
she was like oh it was one or 30 by the
way when i said i want my sweetie back
my decision and then i was like don't 27
/ she was like no I want I don't want to
fill up my sucker no yeah right now
you are ice cream with Mummy
yeah I know daddy room did for us when I
get it I servia pizza
I'm so tired I know where's headache
yeah look at this little cheesy boy here
that fell asleep in the car eating
cheese so happy father's day hey give it
to Daddy okay did you do the same here
your generation thank you bishop al
Thank You bumpy awesome eggy don't see
no okay whoa did you draw this out of
here I think Tim that's really yes nice
tree okay now read that one daddy oh
it's French doday dojin more swamp do a
mom I'm a genius beautiful have any joy
your face yeah haha great did he get
right all right now what did I say okay
Levi months ago how he's not dead oh ok
sorry that she's more days she did
another picture thank you yes yes my
battery's gonna die that's my China
Russian thank God me so guys today marks
end of an era Brielle who I have watched
since she was like 11 months old it's
going to go to school with me you're
gonna come to Vicki's house anymore are
you know sticking out summer vacation
and then you're gonna go to school hey I
excited I'm going home okay um much
pinky
yes that's right we must picking you up
today okay so I made you something
special too so you can remember me and
our time together okay Missy possess to
know who's in all the pictures who is it
yeah who else is in the pictures what's
up here who's in this one is that many
thank you you have a net you're silly
hair yeah you're here I'm at your yeah
it's you looking a little enough to be
in the playpen right ah yes you were
pretending your staff was a puppet do
you remember that do you remember these
pictures what are we doing in this
picture yep make some cake yeah mmm mmm
cake yeah with you would you have in
your hand in this one do you remember
that hi raat what's in your hand right a
worm you old in the worm and that was
our christmas craft that we did you were
reindeer yeah and yet you playing
dress-up likes playing dress-up at
Vicki's Houston yeah maybe nice baby
maybe you'd still like playing dress up
right yeah and I like playing Barbies
and you got older I play Barbies right
and there's you and me by watching a
movie together get up it is what that's
in the worm picture with malachi
Malachi's in the picture with you I but
when now it's baby
yeah thank you yeah and I will not when
you grew up yep cuz that's what happens
I watched you when you were this little
when you were this little need Oh cute
and I watched you all I up until you
were this big I got big you are what you
grew up and you want to know what my my
little poem over here says what do I
know what this says and then read it to
you okay he says I'm glad I was your
provider I've come to love you so I
can't believe the end is here I hate to
see you go remember all the fun we had
and all the things we did but most of
all remember you're a very special kid
do you like it yeah so you can take this
home and then you can take it out and
remember the time you had with Vicki at
Vicki's house I'm actually going to
really miss you officially summer
vacation for the kids last days of
school and last day you take care and
everything we're gonna celebrate by
making ice cream sundaes what we're
gonna make ice cream sundaes Wow are you
excited hey there happy dance
you
