hey guys what's up so you know you're
thinking where's all the videos been
well Vicki and I have been really busy
and we're trying to figure out we have a
whole bunch stuff will try forgetting
we're trying to figure out what we're
gonna do for some different job
basically for the rest of our lives
right we're joining we're going through
some big life changes i guess you could
say every Vicki yeah and we're trying to
sort it all out figure out what we need
to do and it's been taking up a lot of
times so I haven't had time to edit
videos but we have a bunch of videos on
backlog then i'm going to start playing
for you now so the next thing you're
going to see is the last week or so
videos kind of combined into one and i'm
going to try and get editing the vlogs
again back on track but we're trying to
figure out a bunch stuff right now once
we get that big you know it's going to
be easier to sort out how we can
organize everything can you say yeah but
will like post videos like you know the
kids like being silly or isn't like that
just like little clips and stuff so you
still kind of see what we're up to yeah
so thanks for still subscribing thanks
for watching the videos and we are going
to keep going back on track just as soon
as we get some stuff figured out but
here's the the videos that you've missed
so far starting now
my favorite spaghetti sauces on sale at
no frills for dollar so I'm price
matching at walmart and I totally just
cleared out their shelf I am to do it
all that this is the kind that we get so
good one dollar from 98 yeah sorry
stared out shelf so I just got home and
trying to get some lunch ready and leave
I just got back from a walk with Grandma
and he wants to go out on the trampoline
so he's been calling me from the front
door ever since I've been trying to make
my lunch he's going mom yes oh you want
to jump yeah I know you've been calling
me this little tiny you got your shoes
wear shoes where's your shoes I you took
off your shoes oh you want your boots
you'll be hot in your boots a little you
want to jump are you waiting for mummy
ah ah yeah okay so anyways I got my
lunch now so now I'm gonna go outside
and eat my lunch and watch him jump on
the trampoline that's what he wants to
do
yeah by god I'm me what it is what do
you think oh it's drums for all the
family use do you like it sterile you'll
love it it's the one of the music's
ready see you honest i sold my stuff so
I guess I'm you katar that I bought for
me I took it back about this for you
yeah dad you your drumsticks I have them
in the carton will get them yeah look at
them yeah on the plate you actually was
right you guys excited you think it'd be
fun and it's nice and quiet so it does
that the bug me about me yay oh right
can't wait to try it check it out guys a
Roland looks cool a hominid help me be
like Marina from Fresh Beat Band hear
the beat fish be nananananana fish
you're supposed to join in with me and
not let me sing by myself here's my our
future drummer extraordinaire practicing
on his TD k4p electric drum kicks watch
your fingers Levite watch your fingers
he's really enjoying this kid josh did
yeah just leave I trying the drums good
job dude
is it what ah what do you mean no it's
turned on taking here good job so Levi's
been playing this for the last 45
minutes you like it yep he's are really
enjoying it maybe he'll be a little
drummer I'm about to watch much y'all
Bruce tampa bay lightning team 6 paki
aqui aqui what's up Eva this cheese will
look at them all not so fishy look at
this guy ok this one that's that thing I
Finding Nemo please whores two sharks in
there oh look at the shirt hi you see
the shark yeah do you like the shark
Cregan well closer yeah no no we did it
cooling for picking out a helmet for
Levi and he picked a racecar one instead
of the fishy one so check it out look at
the racecar helmet anyone to drive
something out there on you like your new
helmet be sure oh do you like your
helmet waiting to leave Malachi in
Malaga it's not like I'm motorcycle
helmet on here ok ladies ready go super
fast in a race car hey got the whole
chin thing and everything
so we're at the all sons and daughters
concert and we're just waiting for our
friend Jason to play the drums there's
no sweetie
another person who I used to do when I
volunteered and you Cupid counter nears
the coal she got married to this guy and
when they ended up doing please Matt
right good now get putting a little bit
together and their scene and jazz
playing the drums for them yeah it's
getting pretty cool so
oh my goodness
yeah so I was pretty crazy so heres the
set
really good
I
Oh
Oh
Charles daughter's concert which is
awesome and we're all like what it's
like yeah for sure we get here XP
machine is shut down for the night and
we can't get any ice cream let's hear a
sad faces we are so long sighs sighs we
all we wanted yes we have Popeye lon it
was a break so I haven't needed your
birthday invites get out to your friends
today you teacher do it for you yes
that's good she did it sneaky yeah she
damn the recessed wonder yes oh good and
she put them in the girls agendas yeah
that's good well just in case your
friends tell you I don't want you to
find out from them but you know what
mommy was writing in the invitations
this morning do you know where the party
is going to be we're going to go to the
gymnastics place and have a gymnastics
party that's mommy and daddy's gift to
you and grandma and I can't do it and
Grandma and Grandpa were you all pitched
in money to stop your party at the
gymnastics in the gym so you can go on
the balance beam in the vault and with
all your friends thank you is that a
good surprise Thank by Levi by a see you
later okay
Brittany my go hey that's all you back
up there okay bye say bye dad see you
later bye up you go where'd you go
where'd he go Levi Brown you leave I
where are you ready tomo no sleeve i
were to go Levi
