way we were so you're gonna guess what
hey guys so really we survived night of
wedding last night and we didn't eat
flew it we would I think we enter our
twelve o'clock 1230 at in the afternoon
and then we didn't eat again till after
twelve o'clock at night there's no yard
it was good and then basically it was
like four or five hours of dancing or
something for Josh it was good he was
good man I got a lot of money I don't
know how the answer for so long I was
just like dude my future so sorry I had
to keep going like stopping for a man
I'm like I don't know how he's doing it
just for so long as dancing but yeah it
was a lot of fun but I wanted to show
you guys this weird Apple epiphany we
had okay so we have an apple laptop a
bowl of apples apple pies from mcdonalds
it was at it I think that was it it's
you like who's we sealy goes away worked
as a few minutes kills never mind it
wasn't that as cool as I thought it was
but yeah so a fun-filled day of wedding
chill out today so it should be a good
relax pain and tomorrow's the next
wedding was Lydia wedding though yeah
they actually actually get a certificate
or whoever it is so it's a real deal
okay so Josh and I quickly pushed up in
this room the other day because we
wanted to make it look good over there
for the video so that's why it's messy
but the way we puts up in is made this
weird echo in here can you guys hear
hello this is really weird I don't know
what is making this noise we think it's
the way we put everything but it's gotta
be something doesn't it it can't be
making the noise you can't strategically
put things to make a crazy echo can you
whoop hello i am a robot this is so
weird to me so it's thursday morning and
thankfully we have the whole day to
ourselves we have to go to the wedding
rehearsal for tomorrow's wedding on
what time at six six six pm so we have
like the whole day to ourselves which is
so great so the kids were real troupers
last night so I'm treating them by we're
taking a walk to the park so we're going
to go play at the park then come back
have some lunch have a treat after lunch
because they were so good last night and
I actually people come up to me and like
say how well-behaved my children are so
that's nice to hear as a mom and Rick
have a monk anywhere yeah that's your
special treat how did you know I
mementos skittles in it that's for Levi
okay cuz you guys get the gummies how
did you know that was going to be your
special treat one thing I got means they
already saw it anyways that's her
special treat for being so good and
they're so excited and we got sir we've
been getting some free last night so we
bet the noticing yeah it was the crazy
crazy crazy night and I couldn't even
like like do a commentary on what was
happening because you couldn't hear me
because it was so loud in there so I
just kind of little snippets of what was
going on so I hope you enjoyed it but
yeah so now we're going to go to the
park when I go play all songs calling
and someone's calling me but it's Nick
okay I better go so we're at the park
it's pretty good park kids are having
fun now look guys climb inspire web nope
I yeah well that's not the spider web
this is the cider web okay okay so we're
at the hotel and it's so cold in here
you can literally break it into the air
conditioner and you see your breath here
you go watch this you see that yes
that's cool so a see if it gets warmer
Daniel was supposed to turn it down but
I doesn't look like he's changed O'Neill
tell everybody about your YouTube
channel hi um so I do covers and I talk
about music and so you can follow me uh
at O'Neill Donald on YouTube Seward Oh '
capital and e io not like Shaquille
O'Neal uh-huh I'm the coefficient hahaha
so check it out because it's a pretty
big deal so our day is just flying by
Levi actually had an appt today and he
napped on me so what do you think I did
i napped with him it was pretty awesome
because i really knew that we've had a
couple late nights in a row hey time
that you went to sleep yes you went to
sleep cookie Quincy yeah not now no not
now so I'm just making some supper just
thank you some crust enough nice quick
and easy cuz our day is just flying by
and we have to go soon so yeah we're
gonna have a fix supper can gravel the
kids and then we gotta drive like 25
minutes might be longer than traffic but
I'm he is doing a nice thank-you card
for her Nana about the kitchen wrote in
French look at that guys that's awesome
good job Ian yes it's lisa and we're
going to the wedding rehearsal so
hopefully that goes well it doesn't go
too late at night so the kids can get a
good sleep cuz i'm going to be up bright
and early and i have to have all three
kids completely dress attire ready to go
to a wedding and that has to be at eight
o'clock in the morning but they have
been ready a teapot morning like oh my
goodness so not fun to do on your own
but gotta do it we're at the wedding
where
there's no gotta get to business man
whatever is old or you're gonna go what
to get trouble i'm waiting for herself
dead you're dead you're dead you're dead
you're really laughing watch is correct
yeah it's like he does no pressure no
pressure so we live streaming yeah
you guys are okay with live stream right
I
she's recorded over so long
it has a death trap see Stephanie just
go away down cuz they'll be looking age
I love you so much
no pressure guys
yes
actually camera
you
Oh
so guys I'm going to go ahead and end
the vlog we had a really busy day today
and it will be so nice to finally you
know have the actual wedding day so I'm
really excited if you guys to see the
kids and what they're going to look like
they're so cute they were they were
really cute at the wedding rehearsal
today I think they're really excited
about being in the wedding so yay
anyways um so hope you guys have a good
night I know you guys probably laughing
at me right now I wanted to save time in
the morning because I have to do a
bony's hair curly so I'm doing that hot
rollers and I didn't want to have to get
myself and her ready so I thought I just
can focus on the kids and just get
myself ready so I got these hot waves
they're called and apparently you can
put them in wet and then you can like
sleep with them or you can blow dry them
or whatever but you do it when your hair
is wet so it was supposed to save time
because you can do it right off the
shower and your hair don't have to dry
or you know anything like that so I'm
hoping that it works so I really really
hope it works because it took a while
actually took good 35 40 minutes maybe
to do it and I almost ran out of the hot
ways and i was like no and i had to like
rearrange so i had the little ones in
the same spot and i don't know we'll see
we'll see if it looks like tomorrow i
hope i don't have like curls up to here
so we'll see anyways see you tomorrow
bye
