so we are back from our busy weekend at
the home show and it's Sunday we didn't
go to church today because we had the
home show and the kids are watched by
the third cousin all day long and they
had so much fun in park and everything
and we brought them home mcdonalds coz
well has even family hey you guys were
surprised right to get french fries you
can't talk to me same here I'm sorry it
means his diet office for a yeah the
home show was really good though yeah
success for us yes we just we were just
munching on my my homemade salsa that I
neighbor just eating that and like I had
like a chocolate chip muffin or
something and I was it and then I was
like I feel like I'm like I am NOT
making supper tonight is first of all I
don't want a messy kitchen I don't have
time to sit and cook in the kitchen
tonight cuz I have to get ready for
packing for our going away wedding that
we're doing yeah four days of weddings
starting on Tuesday yeah so get ready
for that yeah oh and maybe maybe an
extra let you know it's probably gonna
be behind on getting the videos up yeah
cuz I already in like four days guy no
I'm like I miss fry you guys know I'm
watching I'm behind but we promise you
that we have some amazing vlogs coming
up and the wedding ones are going to be
so cool so stay tuned for those just
know that it really not going to be a
daily thing for a while because we're
gonna be out of town I'm gonna be busy
every day next week with wedding stuff
swamp so I don't know if I'm gonna try
it at it but I'll go find I think
there's me too swamped and two devoted
to do anything else so yeah so we're
gonna enjoy our McDonald kids already
are back you want some juice okay and
then it's bath night tonight all right
bummer and then I just got a million and
one things to do so we're gonna go but
thank you so much for watching and
subscribing we love
hey you guys say bye bye bye 55
