I'm going to go get some french fries
from snack where does Nathan are getting
really hungry morning guys so it's like
eight o'clock on Saturday morning and
I'm going to the store to go get hats
and sunscreen so it's supposed to be
like really hot today and I wanted to
make sure the kids had that being
outside all day so and I gotta go pick
up gravel because I told them it was
like going to daddy's work which is only
like 30 minutes away from home and
they're like oh this so far we need our
gravel so I'm like so I'm just gonna go
pick them up some just so they have it I
don't want anyone puking on that in my
friend's car so um yeah what else have
to get Nick was like can you get some
muffins for us to munch on so I pick up
some muffins and I need to look for a
white undershirt for Malachi and Levi
and I don't know if that's possible with
their sizes I'm gonna try because
they're African outfits the white ones
are really like see-through and I asked
toy in like what do they wear underneath
these things and she said like some sort
of undershirt so gonna look for those
two and I have to hurry because I got to
be back here to take the kids over 49 so
I have one hour to do all of this so I'm
should have got up earlier I slept
through my alarm because it's Saturday
morning and I didn't want to get up so
nicely NOLA had and look at these woods
and like fur on them
a porcupine
perfect
but I picked out a whole bunch as I
don't know what style or what size would
work either the boys it felt like some
like Peyton color behind the cars
fireman lanes Iron Man a plain one and
then this one so we'll see and then I
got my sunscreen and then
and I found under shirt I'm late
underwear so that's good I have
everything but the gravel but i think
the gravel is locked up like pharmacy
doesn't open till nine so i can't wait
around for it so i have one from them to
split from the way there or the way back
they can pick so mommy weighing got hats
very one to try and now they're trying
to uh see which ones they like levi
which one do you like whoa try to see I
wait you have that one yeah yeah that's
why I from aldi oh these are all for the
boys though I like it at me looks good
looks really good hangs off or anything
till we try them try it on okay
spider-man let me see by mere leave I'll
see let me see Levi oh man that's nice
you like that one you don't like that
one you can get too babe Elvis change no
matter what very fast you like that one
Leroy what about this spider-man yeah Oh
try that one on okay that was cool dude
that one's too big that could be why
yeah well wats figure out which one's
work hey guys so we just dropped the
kids off at my friend's house and didn't
even care who care for like an easy by a
little buddy backup was Malachi we
thought I was coming upstairs to give us
another hug to say bye and then he goes
and throws his sweater and his hat on
the couch and then yeah I go back to
blame than you thought
hi that this looks but like Avenue just
went off and play with her friends and
leave I was just like by and like we
went right in and so
I'm going to go get some french fries
from snack bar because Nathan are
getting really hungry he gets thing
almost off
and I'm just getting my favorite chef
change out and look what I found guys
these loonies this is a loony can you
believe out the loony isn't that crazy
it went it like it lost its color
you got it that's so cool okay so we
just got back and the kids want to have
cuddles with mom and watch your show
baby yeah okay put your shirt back on
boy Oh see how we finish our home show
today so time can't function or move or
do anything and some more OEM one more
day at the home show and then we'll be
done at that but it's been really good
Vickie book like to pamper chef shows I
got a ton of new clients because I'm the
best friggin approaches of all time but
now I had to clean up the kitchen and
big E's got to make more salsa for
tomorrow like man life is busy
