hey guys what's up so we're doing a
one-take just Vicki now and we had kind
of a crazy weekend we got into a big
fight Friday and it lasted all day
Saturday guys it lasted all day saturday
right up until night time I think it
didn't get result of Saturday like
midnight it was the worst fight I think
we've been in a long time yeah I think
they make it so but were resolved it
thank you to God because I am to a
worship shop where my brother and asked
that thing that I kind of got the I
forgave Nikita so so that was a welcome
home and say I said can you go back to
liking me again I said no cuz I already
apologized but I she's better anyways
yes forget about I catch up but so we're
human guys working over here we're not
always love you Debbie
so Vicky got pink eye last night sucked
it's gross it's really good thank you
actually not that knows boring on the
camera is this one over here yeah I
can't wear makeup for a couple of days
now there's no point drops in my eyes
and thank you welcome and it's all goopy
so she tell it wakes me up the sorority
is like you need to go beyond the
worship team and lead worship like what
she's like you need to lead worship on
Sunday today I like BK she's like no so
then I get up and I'm trying to practice
the song she picked I have to read you
every song took them all out picked all
new songs then went to the church
earliest morning print them all off the
worship team comes who would practice
the previous songs say go bad news guys
all new songs I give all the songs end
up turning out pretty good I was really
nervous but I really feel like God kind
of works for me to today and I was happy
with it i was a perv i went so i'm glad
i was pushed into it yeah i remember i
said even on my yesterday's vlog I said
I thought I felt like I was coming down
with something like my cold and stuff
really seems like it now and well ya got
cold but it was peak and I said if God
is want me to leave worship I remember
you should get I remember you said that
yes to do something else that's cool
cool so music yeah that's cool yeah and
we want to give a shout out to Abby Lee
we finally got your letter I know you
said it to us a long time ago but I
didn't get a chance to get down to work
it sent you to pick it up til til
yesterday and now we got it was so nice
oh sweet we really appreciate everything
you said she made us all these quote
cards one for each of us actually one
for each of Vicki got to I got to you
yeah everyone else got one I don't it to
whatever that's cool let's say is that
if you think this is your favorite
that's cool here's a staple look right
here there's two feet ball yeah don't
later but whatever I mean if you want to
get Vicki to the rest of us
reverse oh is it yeah it is 10 everybody
run anyways this is our first kind of
like band letter and I really really
really appreciate the time that you took
to put into writing that and leaving
those nice quotes for us and everything
it was really nice a Vicki yes we love
you Abby thank you so much yeah really
sweet so anyways that's about it for
tonight we are gonna go off to bed
because is we have a really busy couple
weeks coming up so it's gonna be crazy
hey mickey I need to get another camera
so I can vlog during the day because I
feel like I haven't been in most of the
vlogs lately do you feel like that I did
clean the counters already today I'm I
probably Vicki fight number two ding
ding anyways we'll see you guys later
have a great night don't forget to
comment give us a thumbs up and
subscribe you haven't already oh you
guys will see me on the vlog tomorrow
with no makeup yay bye
