and in the meantime I thought you know
it'd be a good day it'd be a good day to
go through the summer bucket because the
weather has been like so nice
so guys it's Saturday and I had a really
like lazy day but a good day the the
kids were hanging out with your cousins
for the first part of the morning so
they had fun with them just like playing
and they went outside and went for a
walk and all that kind of stuff and I
had a nap on the couch my mom dicked
them all out so that was really nice and
then had lunch then they went home and
then my kids were pretty zonked so I had
them have quiet time so what they were
having quiet time I was getting laundry
done those guys doing gay all my laundry
done still doing my laundry cuz
laundry's never ending and in the
meantime I thought you know it'd be a
good day it'd be a good day to go
through the summer bucket because the
weather has been like so nice so I'm
like we need to start digging out like
our t-shirts and our shorts and our
capris and all that kind of stuff so
that's what I decided to do today and
the kids were so good about trying on
their clothes oh yeah what you want roar
no we're not going to ruin right now we
already watched to play movies there's
one on right now yeah like he's gonna
take it out he knows how he actually
opens a DVD player takes out the DVD
puts it on the shelf takes out the one
who wants it puts it in push play he can
do all that at two like who does that
seriously you want fishy yeah we're not
gonna watch a movie right now buddy yes
Avenue we will go outside as soon as I
finish cleaning up the mess on the
living room floor look at these pictures
hey shona pick it straight diners are
trained picture and oh that's right
yeah very good what is it you want to
jump I want to jump on the trampoline
yeah we're going to go outside in a
minute it's another beautiful day so
need you need to get outside and get
some more fresh air but the kids were so
good about trying all their clothes I've
divided it into piles so these are all
the clothes that are gonna work for abs
I'm not a nominee obviously for Malachi
so he's got lots of shorts lots of
t-shirts and tank tops & tues foot pairs
of swim shorts what's up dude hey give
me a minute and then avenues got all
these dresses here and then all those
shorts and shirts here so they both got
it there's like a fair pile fast stuff
that doesn't fit or is too big too big
or too small or just they don't like it
so put that in that pile this is Levi's
pile here that he does not try it on yet
because we're not gonna bother even I
have a shirt Malachi's wearing one of
his new shirt so do you guys think nice
day Nick we like it he's gonna get a
clean it we really like it but yeah this
whole bucket was full of clothes to go
through this is if that's too big for
next summer so yeah oh my goodness do
kids ever grow like so much between one
summer to the next day it's crazy I
can't believe like I'm like these were
so big on you last year now they fit
like you just don't realize it until
you're like trying clothes on you're
like wow so now I'm my next step I don't
know if you guys go through this big
process with your kids but I do but then
I'm going to go through find out what
store and what sizing in that store fits
the best and then figure out outfits to
match the shorts and the skirts and
stuff like that to see if we have enough
matching and if we don't know if you
have like a whole bunch of like
misplaced tank tops and I need to find
bottoms for then I find out what stores
the best fit bottoms and then might go
shopping so I did that last year in
worked out really well so I think I'm
going to stick to that so it's a long
process but it's needed and yeah so I'm
going to do that and then we're going to
go outside and
where are you okay oh and look like a
hipster to Libby hi I have the kids take
a living they put all like the stickers
on my belly from the clothes or like her
maybe you're having clothes so funny
it's a baby sister that's coming yeah
that's right you're excited aren't you
and we have all of lippies clothes to go
through to because she's got piles of
clothes here to new clothes we're
digging out some pink blankets and pink
towels and a whole bunch of stuff in
there and then all of avenues older
clothes that we're gonna go through too
so lots to do but it's nice out so we're
gonna go outside so we'll see you there
found a worm in the dirt guys right
nopony's running over oh weird what my
dirt naughty it yeah I don't see it
either huh oh I'm and he loves worms
there's another one in there daddy yeah
I think it's just a piece of the worm oh
my gosh you're moving slimy where bang
he has a long one a long and skinny me
bite you see the word okay let me know
okay let me mighty it too okay the
window then like insects Malik I tried
on a shirt and had bugs on the pocket
and he started freaking out I'm they're
not real they were on his shirt and then
he was like no and like ran away he
hates bugs sis getting the kids ready
for bed and leave i undressed himself
and now he's trying to get his clothes
on are you get your shirt on put your
head through I see you hey wants to help
to us and help
tricky oh yes lots of practice but he's
determined keep saying I try I try so
guys it's like almost ten-thirty so it's
like the end of the night everybody is
sleeping this so that's good Malik I
took a while fall asleep tonight he was
so excited for his birthday party that
he gets to go to tomorrow like he could
not stop talking about it he kept coming
out of his bed boy mom well can I go
play with Joel when I get there and then
he would like go back like mom um do I
get to like run around and stuff he was
just so excited so cute little boys in
their little birthday party was with
their friends anyways so he's gonna have
a blast tomorrow I just know and he
finally fell asleep and then leave I
took a long time to fall asleep tonight
too because he just didn't want to be
alone like every time I had to go and do
something and he was starting to fall
asleep he was like no mom and like
wanted to come with me he's like I come
I come so he really thought his sleep
tonight but he's finally sleeping too
I'm just going over my worship songs for
tomorrow um Nick could I didn't really
get to practice that much so I'm just
trying to listen and see how things are
supposed to sound but guys um please be
praying like I've been praying through
because I woke up this morning and my
throat was sore my nose I was like oh so
gross and I so Fleming and I was like
man if this was Sunday morning this
would not go over well I don't know if
you can even hear my voice now but I'm
just praying but you know what if I'm
not supposed to sing tomorrow I'm not
supposed to leave then that's fine God's
got other plans so I'm totally okay with
that I just I just pray that i do have
somewhat of a voice tomorrow so let you
know how that goes and yeah Nick should
be home soon but he's still not home yet
but I'm sure um he's having a good time
at the album release and he's worshiping
God and stuff too so anyways we will see
you tomorrow one-take sunday and i hope
enjoyed our Saturday video it was kind
of a different Saturday for us but it
was good all together yeah I just love
being home and having weekend so
tomorrow's last day of the weekend and
then it's back to regular routine week
of school and daycare won't fall okay
see tomorrow bye thanks so much for
watching guys bye
