Honduras has the highest murder rate in
the world according to the UN's most
recent data almost 8,000 people per year
are murdered there amounting to about 20
homicides per day on average so what's
going on why is Honduras so dangerous
well drug violence has been a problem
for a long time in Honduras and
neighboring nations but with recent
political instability stemming from a
2009 state coup drug based gang warfare
has gotten out of control
the Matteson through che and Calle Ocho
are the largest and most violent of the
drug gangs these gangs obtain their
wealth and power from the cocaine trade
the US State Department estimates that
about 80% of the cocaine destined for
the US passes through Honduras however
the Honduran president has largely
blamed the u.s. for the current drug
violence he says that because the u.s.
consumes the largest amounts of drugs in
the world it is the u.s. that's at the
root of the problem
gangs also remain strong because of
poverty and police corruption in
Honduras the World Bank estimates that
about 60% of Honduran live below the
poverty line and education quality
remains low reports indicated that
shootings and kidnappings are no longer
just relegated to poorer areas as they
were in the past they are now affecting
much of the upper and middle classes as
well as tourist areas in the central
cities this has led the u.s. to issue a
recent travel warning about Honduras
citing critically high levels of crime
and violence additionally the police
force is reportedly corrupt and victims
of gang violence themselves it's
estimated that there have been over
1,000 accusations of police corruption
logged since 2012 and none of them have
been investigated or recently a scandal
within the police force ended in the
National police chief being fired over
human rights abuses including
accusations of running a death squad the
consequences of violence in Honduras
have greatly affected the nation's
children for some who do escape the
criminal life threats of violence have
driven a large number of youths outside
the country rates of unattended children
arriving at the US border from on Durres
have skyrocketed partially contributing
to the u.s. current immigration crisis
as a result of the endemic violence
President Obama has considered giving
Honduran children refugee status
although no decision
has yet been made to learn more about
how the u.s. is trying to deal with such
a high number of child immigrants check
out our video here starting in 2012
economic crises and AW still ''tis in
Central America have led to a surge of
unaccompanied children attempting to
enter illegally into the United States
this year an estimated 52,000 children
from Central America alone will be
apprehended by border control thanks for
watching test-tube please subscribe for
all our new videos
