Indiana is currently in the midst of a
national uproar over its Religious
Freedom Restoration Act major state
politicians LGBT groups and tech
companies have all spoken out against
the bill saying that it will lead to
discriminations against gays and
lesbians in the name of religion so
what's going on how much religious
freedom do we have in the United States
and does this bill protect that or is it
just discriminatory so First Amendment
things first American citizens are
guaranteed freedom of religion
expression assembly and the right to
partition that is at the core of this
entire country's political system but
over the years asterisks have been added
to this principle like you don't have
the freedom to yell fire in a crowded
theater and in terms of religious
freedom after a landmark in 1878 Supreme
Court case the Chief Justice declared
that you can't express your religion at
the cost of social duties in good order
okay so human sacrifices are out but
what about refusing to work on Saturdays
because it's against your religion or
choosing to withdraw your children from
school due to religious conflicts a
number of Supreme Court cases in the
last century focused on narrowing that
gray area of legally acceptable
religious freedoms many cases hinged on
something called compelling interest
this means that if the government
doesn't have a strong constitutional
reason to protect the public's interests
then any interference in individual's
religious practices could be deemed
unconstitutional the 1993 federal
Religious Freedom Restoration Act
reflected this sentiment it was passed
following two lawsuits publicly
considered to unnecessarily violate the
religious rights of Native Americans it
said that even though a law is
religiously neutral it can still have a
negative effect or burden on religious
practices so the RFRA clarified that a
law may only constitutionally burden
one's religious practices when doing so
both advances a compelling government
interest and there is no less
restrictive way to do so however the law
did provide legal standing for
unintended forms of discrimination take
for instance the Hobby Lobby Supreme
Court case from 2014 where in a company
refused to offer their employees birth
control on religious grounds
based on their argument that
corporations can be considered people to
do an earlier Supreme Court ruling the
government wasn't allowed to
significantly burden the companies
religious practices and then upheld the
refusal similarly Indiana's recent
passage of their own Religious Freedom
Restoration Act has been especially
incendiary for the fear that it could
allow businesses the right to
discriminate against gay people in the
face of a looming landmark Supreme Court
decision regarding same-sex marriage so
let's get down to it is Indiana's new
Religious Freedom Act discriminatory
experts say yes it is in its current
form the law could be used to
discriminate on the basis of religious
freedom there are places across America
that have no legal protection from
discrimination for the LGBT community to
learn about this issue in more detail
watch our video here which means in
Fayetteville right now local businesses
are free to refuse service or employment
to the LGBT community and Fayetteville
isn't the only place this sort of
discrimination is happening thank you
for subscribing to test-tube we
appreciate your support
