monopolies these are companies which
have grown so large that their
dominating influence on the market
pushes out competition from smaller
rivals monopolies can often harm the
prospects for new businesses and force
customers to pay higher prices and
that's bad for any country America and
many other nations have fair competition
laws that ban monopolies yet as mega
corporations seem to get bigger and
bigger you have to wonder where is the
distinction our mega corporations
becoming monopolies what we're going to
explore a few of America's largest
companies just to be clear these
companies are not officially considered
monopolies although they have come under
scrutiny by the government for
encroaching on fair market competition
first let's talk about Google a company
that made nearly seventy billion dollars
last year it owns companies like YouTube
Android and ways but it's had numerous
run-ins with the Federal Trade
Commission recently a leaked FTC report
from 2013 revealed just how close the
FTC was to bringing charges Google was
accused of illegal practices like
promoting its own affiliate websites in
Google search results and restricting
advertisers abilities to use other
search engines the report said Google's
conduct resulted in real harm to
consumers and to innovation in the
online search in advertising markets
however Google ended up settling with
the FTC out of court Monsanto is another
huge company that's been accused of
monopolistic practices they have patents
on genetically modified seeds farmers
are forced to purchase seeds every year
instead of replanting to avoid patent
infringement Monsanto remains the
leading supplier of genetically modified
seeds along with other agricultural
products such as the weed killer roundup
and a number of farming tech firms
according to Food & Water Watch in
America 80% of corn and 93% of soybeans
are grown from Monsanto GMO seeds then
there's Microsoft a company that made
almost 90 billion dollars last year they
own brands like Windows Xbox
hotmail and Bing in the 90s the huge
corporation barely escaped being split
in two by an antitrust lawsuit brought
against them by the government the
lawsuit alleged that Microsoft promoted
their own web browser on the Windows
operating system
and shut out competitors in 1999 a judge
did find that Microsoft maintained its
monopoly power by anti-competitive means
however this verdict was later
overturned how do some of these gigantic
companies escape antitrust regulation
well many of the subsidiary brands
within the parent company occupy
separate markets as delineated by the
FTC for instance another corporate giant
Unilever owns brands in different niche
markets like ice cream premium ice cream
and super premium ice cream also the
mega corporations have a huge amount of
financial and lobbying power for example
Google was the fifth largest political
lobbyist in 2013 and Monsanto has spent
almost 70 million dollars since 1998 on
agricultural lobbying clearly these
giant companies have major influence in
their respective markets and even if
they aren't technically violating
antitrust laws yet they are all right on
the cusp of what is considered a
monopoly in order to regulate against
monopolies the government has developed
what are called antitrust laws to learn
how these laws work check out our video
here they were called trust back then
but today we call them monopolies
monopolies can force consumers to pay
higher prices and make it impossible for
other companies to enter the market
because of their size they can hurt the
economy and even skirt government
regulations for more test-tube every day
of the week please hit subscribe now
thanks for staying with us
