in recent years the Obama administration
has put its full weight behind fast
tracking the trans-pacific partnership
eliminating Congress's ability to edit
or stall the agreement in response
WikiLeaks recently released classified
documents from the secret arrangement
and condemned the partnership in a press
release so what's the big deal
the US has fast-tracked a number of
trade agreements between countries in
the last decade so what's so scary about
the trans-pacific partnership well first
of all this agreement covers a huge
section of the world it governs
international investments in trade
regulations between the United States
Australia Brunei Canada Chile Japan
Malaysia Mexico New Zealand Peru
Singapore and Vietnam together these
countries represent more than 40% of the
world's GDP and make for the single
largest economic treaty ever the most
recent WikiLeaks documents revealed that
the partnership establishes
extrajudicial courts in which
corporations can potentially sue
countries over laws and policies that
affect a company's future profits this
is a huge deal
imagine a tobacco company suing a
country because their anti-smoking
regulations could potentially hurt the
company's profits sound unlikely well in
2011 tobacco giant Philip Morris used
some clever legal maneuvering to assume
Australia for that exact reason on the
basis of an outdated trade agreement
with Hong Kong the Obama administration
has promised that the deal will increase
jobs boost US exports and lower tariffs
on US products in Asia which will let
the US compete more aggressively against
China however economists like robert
rice it's called as a global race to the
bottom that's an economic term per when
governments reduce regulations and taxes
in order to attract investing companies
this practice is the added effect of
lessening labor laws lowering wages and
raising the rate of outsourcing
additionally Democratic senator ben
cardin has voiced concerns that three of
the countries Brunei Malaysia and
Vietnam have histories of human rights
abuses since 2012 there have been a
number of protests and petitions to stop
the TPP or at the very least to release
the information within the agreement in
a surprising twist several House
Democrats have vehement ly opposed the
idea of fast tracking the deal while
Republicans have shown
strong support for the president so
what's so bad about the trans-pacific
trade agreement in short it's a classify
deal that creates an International Court
not bound by the laws of any country
that allows companies to sue countries
over potential lost profits
although supporters of the deal say that
it is a means of future economic growth
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange warns
that similar tribunals have already been
shown to chill the adoption of saying
environmental protection public health
and public transport policies with
nearly 800 million people likely to be
affected by this agreement shouldn't we
know what's in the agreement before it
becomes law lobbying behind closed doors
is a huge part of the American political
system to learn more about how it works
check out our video here according to a
2013 Gallup poll only six percent of
Americans view lobbyists is honest or
ethical so how is it that one of our
most politically influential groups is
also one of the least trustworthy
subscribe right here to be the first to
see all of our latest videos thanks for
watching
