a few potential United States Republican
presidential candidates have recently
expressed their desire to limit the life
long term served by federal judges as
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg turns 82
with no plans of retiring although it's
not the most game-changing campaign
issue out there it's one that has many
people questioning why do some judges
serve for life
well for starters Supreme Court justices
judges from the federal district courts
the court of appeals and the US Court of
international trade are the only ones
who get the life term other state judges
and the like are still subject to term
limits in fact virtually all other
political offices in the three branches
of US government have very specific term
limits as defined by the Constitution
before they must seek re-election but
the framers were vague about the federal
judges article 3 section 1 says that
they shall hold their offices during
good behavior which has historically
been interpreted to mean that they can
choose to serve for life unless they get
impeach so what's the logic behind
lifetime appointments well the framers
wanted judges to be as nonpartisan as
possible by removing their need to run
for re-election on various political
platforms every few years federal judges
are expected to be impartial in their
Court decisions in order to uphold the
law as Chief Justice John Marshall wrote
the government of the United States has
been emphatically termed a government of
laws and not of men but the problem
according to presidential hopefuls Rand
Paul Mike Huckabee and others is that in
the last 50 years these judges have been
serving way too long and presidents
don't have as much say in the federal
courts as they used to indeed from 1970
to 2006
the average tenure of Supreme Court
justices was about 26 years compared to
about 15 years in the errors before
experts suggest that this is due to
increase general life expectancy and
younger appointments also some point out
that federal judges purposely postponed
retirement until a president from their
own party assumes office and that's a
very partisan government of
thing to do both Justice Ginsburg and
Justice Antonin Scalia have made it
clear that they only intend to leave
when they could be replaced by someone
with similar views otherwise they
believe that their years of work on the
court will be undone so is it worth it
to give life terms to federal judges in
a democracy where they remain virtually
unaccountable to the public life terms
are supposed to encourage
non-partisanship but studies suggest
that justices often vote along partisan
party lines additionally if legislators
attempt to give term limits to federal
judges who would preside over the
obligatory court battle all these
questions have been getting more
attention recently no doubt the next
presidential candidate will hinge a part
of his or her campaign on the issue the
Supreme Court in recent years has been
more biased than ever to hear how this
got this way check out our video here
one study at Washington University in
st. Louis showed that for the most part
justices vote in favor of free speech
issues that are in line with the way
they lean politically most guilty is
justice Thomas a conservative who is
voted with conservative free speech
issues like corporate personhood sixty
five point four percent of the time
thanks for watching test-tube hit that
subscribe button on your way out
thanks
