in January 2015 a muslim shia rebel
group the Houthi seized control of the
Yemen government in a violent coup they
are reported to be backed by the Iranian
government and opposed by Saudi Arabia
both of which have a vested stake in
Yemen's outcome so why are I ran and
Saudi Arabia fighting a proxy war in
Yemen well one of the biggest struggles
in the Muslim world is the difference
between Sunni Muslims and Shia Muslims
if you want more information check out
our video on the difference between
Sunnis and Shiites
although Saudi Arabia Yemen Iran and the
Houthi all belonged to specific Islamic
sects they can be more broadly
categorized to explain the conflict Iran
and the Houthi both identify with Shia
Islam while Saudi Arabia and the pre kuk
government of Yemen identify with Sunni
Islam however on a global level pitting
Saudi Arabia against Iran is more about
who actually controls the Middle East in
other countries like Syria Lebanon and
Iraq
the battle between Sunnis and Shiites is
also split along saudi-iranian lines
baghdad is reported to be currently
under iranian influence and the Houthi
fighters have been said to be trained
and armed by Iran although Iran has
denied this meanwhile Yemen is backed by
the Gulf Cooperation Council which is
made up of Saudi Arabia Bahrain Kuwait
Qatar and the United Arab Emirates Oman
which is predominantly neither Sunni nor
Shia refused to be part of the conflict
the u.s. is also supporting the GCC as
they have a vested interest in
preventing Yemen from becoming an
uncontrolled terrorist hideout like
Somalia however the u.s. is only
providing logistical and intelligence
support no US troops or weapons are
officially in play Iran's interest in
Yemen is largely considered to stem from
a combination of Yemen's weak government
and its location in regards to Saudi
Arabia Yemen borders much of South Saudi
Arabia and would be a valuable
stronghold for a ramp
additionally Yemen is home to al-qaida
in the Arabian Peninsula who are
currently best known for attacking
French newspaper Charlie Hebdo and are
considered the most dangerous radical
group against Saudi Arabia as the war
for control of the Middle East goes on
Saudi Arabia and Iran are playing a
complicated game considering that their
rivalry has been going on for decades we
may not see who comes out on top for a
very long time to learn more about this
conflict and where it stems from check
out our video on the difference between
Sunni and Shia Muslims hear the term
Sunnis and Shiites get thrown around a
lot when discussing Middle Eastern
conflicts sometimes it's useful but most
of the time it feels like it's just
shorthand for these people hate each
other but with over one and a half
billion Muslims in the world there's no
way they can all be involved in some
Hatfields & McCoys style blood feud so
what's really going on here thanks for
watching test-tube please subscribe so
you don't miss our next update on this
conflict
