Pakistan holds an interesting place
within the international community they
are the only predominantly Muslim
country to possess nuclear weapons
technology and they've been implicated
in sponsoring a number of uncontrolled
jihadist groups including the Taliban
and al-qaeda as a result Pakistan is a
relevant player in international
politics so just how powerful is
Pakistan well nuclear capabilities aside
Pakistan has one of the most formidable
armies in the world which serves to
protect their borders and fight
terrorist groups in the north
based on manpower alone they have the
seventh largest active military and
spend as much as Norway in Mexico on
defense
however Pakistan's military has been a
somewhat tense establishment considering
that the country has experienced
multiple regime changes over the last 60
years through internal military aku's
Pakistan's relationship with countries
like the US and its allies has been
shaky and unreliable since 1954 the US
has suspended aid to Pakistan six times
on the basis of their secret nuclear
progress most recently terrorist Osama
bin Laden was captured in Pakistan where
some suggest he was knowingly harbored
additionally attacks against US Stane
--is-- and Egyptian embassies in
Pakistan have shown that the country is
unable to prevent extremist acts of
violence still in 2004 President George
W Bush granted Pakistan major non-nato
Ally status allowing them access to
certain levels of the US military as
well as surplus equipment economically
Pakistan is considered a developing
country and is one of being next 11
countries that are poised to become the
new largest economies of the 21st
century largely due to their
agricultural industry Pakistan's GDP is
about 230 billion dollars a year which
ranks at 44th in the global economy but
the CIA notes that the country is stuck
in a low income low growth trap Pakistan
ranks seventh in terms of population
with nearly 200 million residents and is
reportedly home to one of the most
populated cities in the world
gachi overall in spite of Pakistan's
weakened foreign relations an average
GDP it
primarily their nuclear capabilities
that gives them their power what they
end up doing with that technology is
what makes them so risky to the rest of
the world Pakistan's top nuclear
scientists and several high-ranking
military members have been implicated in
selling nuclear secrets to Libya Iran
and North Korea
so is pakistan powerful absolutely but
maybe not for all the right reasons it's
no secret that pakistan doesn't have the
best relationship with its neighbors in
india to learn about the territorial
dispute over Kashmir check out our video
here
not long after independence Pakistan
invaded Kashmir
this caused Harry Singh Kashmir's ruler
to ask India for military help he signed
the Instrument of Accession which made
Kashmir officially a part of India with
some autonomous privileges there's a
link to that video in the description
below if you're on your phone or tablet
thanks for watching test-tube and please
subscribe
