this episode is brought to you by AJ
plus this past International Women's Day
Afghani men made headlines when they
donned burkas to promote awareness of
women's rights and a month prior men
throughout turkey and neighboring
country azerbaijan wore skirts in
solidarity with a female who had
allegedly been raped and murdered with
women's rights in Muslim countries
taking a mainstage lately we wanted to
know which Muslim countries are the most
supportive of women's rights well to
start with there are several factors
that can influence a country's overall
support of women's rights if a country
is still developing or if it's in the
middle of a war gender equality tends to
be lacking reports show that women's
rights go hand in hand with increased
economic stability additionally if the
government is more democratic women's
rights are reportedly more protected
according to the Pew Research Institute
49 of almost 200 countries have a Muslim
majority in 2013 pew researchers
surveyed Muslims living in those
countries to find out where they stood
when it came to women's rights in
response to questions like should women
decide if they wear a veil or must a
wife always obey her husband Eastern
European countries in some Central Asian
countries tended to be more progressive
these places have been more economically
stable and less violent compared to
areas like the Middle East Central Asia
and Africa in which the most deadly wars
are ongoing Tunisia also stood out as a
supporter of women's rights the country
has until very recently escaped much of
the violence in North Africa it's
booming tourist industry has allowed
democracy to flourish since the Arab
Spring and though many other Muslim
countries have a long way to go for
women's rights some are making strides
towards equality in Morocco thousands
filled the streets to promote women's
rights on International Women's Day in
Afghanistan a record four million girls
are now in school and in Saudi Arabia
women are expected to vote for the first
time in the upcoming election
so which Muslim countries are leading
the way countries in Eastern Europe like
Albania Kosovo Bosnia or Gaza Vina they
ranked the highest on the Pew survey and
according to some reports Tunisia Turkey
and Indonesia are not far behind them
around the world women are slowly
gaining more rights a report by the
United Nations last year confirmed that
internationally women are enjoying more
political presence as well as access to
higher ranking jobs to hear the story of
one girl who is challenging the norms in
her home country of Morocco check out
this awesome story from aj+
and thank you for watching test-tube
please subscribe
