recently NASA scientists warned that
drought stricken California may only
have a year's worth of water left for
the past few years city dwellers and
farmers have been asked to make
substantial cuts in their water usage
but his water availability becomes
scarce and the state begins to restrict
water rights we wanted to know who
actually controls California's water
well according to the California
Constitution all the water in the state
belongs to the public however it is up
to the state to issue permits and
licenses for use of that water these
permits regulate how much water can be
used as well as what constitutes a
beneficial use in fact the state has the
right to find water owners if they don't
use the water efficiently water rights
in the United States usually fall into
two categories of ownership historically
priority has been given to those who own
the land touching the water this is
called riparian rights and has been the
most common system in use for allocating
water across the eastern United States
however in the West during the goldrush
miners needed water supplied to areas
far away from any water bordered land
thus the West began giving out water
rights through a system called prior
appropriation this means that water
rights are granted based on who actually
used the water first regardless of
whether or not they own the land in
question additionally if you don't use
your water within a certain length of
time you lose your right to it currently
California is one of the few states
which relies on both riparian and prior
appropriation to control water usage the
concept of prior appropriation has
caused problems as the amount of water
dwindles just north of California and
Oregon the Klamath River is regulated
through prior appropriation along its
tributaries are cattle ranches dependent
on a steady supply of river water
however a recent state ruling decided
that the Indian tribe that originally
lived on the land has priority over the
water following this ruling the tribe
asked regulators to allocate more water
for their lake Rangers have been forced
to turn off their water and find new
places for their cattle in California
similar issues have been popping up
while the state bans its worst drought
in a millennium as the water supply
dwindles the question of who gets
priority to use the public's water
supply and the best use for that water
are becoming increasingly important
ultimately the government has the final
say in how to use the remaining water
water is essential to civilization but
acts
is not always as easy as it might seem
to learn more about water as a human
right take a look at our video here in
January the World Economic Forum
announced that the global water crisis
was the world's biggest risk in terms of
societal impact every year nearly a
million people die from waterborne
diseases from unsafe water please be
sure to subscribe to all of our latest
videos and thank you so much for
watching test-tube
