a recent documentary under the dome
depicts how Chinese residents are forced
to cope with the worsening air quality
in the film the director says that last
year Beijing had 175 polluted days this
is when the smog is so bad that schools
are closed and planes are grounded so
just how bad is pollution in China well
according to the EU air quality
standards less than 1% of China's
population breeds clean air daily
Chinese residents are subject to 40
times the number of microscopic
irritants found in smog that is
recommended by the World Health
Organization in fact the former Chinese
Health Minister has attributed the high
rates of lung cancer in China to this
toxic smog he also said that pollution
was killing as many as half a million
residents every year a figure supported
by World Bank estimates in the past
Chinese officials have been unwilling to
fully acknowledge the scope and impact
of the pollution problem although an
internal report by China's environmental
agency also supported these figures
Chinese officials banned its publication
in an effort to avoid social unrest part
of the reason for China's poor air
quality is a long-standing lack of
industrial pollution standards a problem
China only began tackling in the early
80s
China's toxic air comes from vehicle
emissions industrial waste and China's
coal usage which exceeds that of the
rest of the world combined however in
recent years China has aggressively
pushed to lower levels of pollution by
banning high polluting vehicles and
curbing its industrial coal usage
unfortunately a study from the
International Journal of global energy
issues has predicted that since China is
still an industrial powerhouse the
priority for economic growth will be
higher than for lowering emissions
without significant change pollution
days will likely continue in the years
to come you've probably heard that China
holds a significant portion of the
United States debt to learn just how
much of America china owns check out our
video right here
or go check out our new show all-points
project where we explore untold stories
from around the world
thank you for watching test-tube we
appreciate your support and hope you
consider subscribing for all our new
videos
Oh
