recently The Economist Intelligence Unit
released their list of the most
expensive cities in the world with
Singapore taking first place for the
second year in a row the high cost of
living beats out those in classically
expensive cities like Paris and Oslo so
why is Singapore so expensive the EIC
points to the high cost of groceries
basic amenities in clothing which often
have a 50% premium markup over New York
prices
additionally Singapore is famous for
their syntax where beer wine and liquor
tobacco products Motor Vehicles and
petroleum products are taxed at a much
higher rate than other commodities for
example a bottle of wine costs on
average $25 double with the next most
expensive city Paris would charge but
one of the most commonly cited reasons
is the high cost of car ownership
Singapore issues a limited number of car
buying certificates in order to restrict
the total number of vehicles those
certificates have ballooned the average
price of a luxury car to roughly
$260,000 compared to about $50,000 in
Europe however despite sky-high prices
it's not just a city for millionaires
Singapore is doing what it can to keep
its low-income residents comfortable in
January the government established a
minimum salary of about seven hundred
thirty dollars a month for low-wage
workers they also significantly raised
taxes on the wealthy and increased
social security payments for its elderly
citizens additionally due to the
existence of open-air food markets
called Hawker centers selling
inexpensive meals and it's quite
possible to survive without a high
income in the most expensive city in the
world be sure to check out our new
sister channel seeker stories for some
inspiring untold stories from around the
globe like this one about a family that
decided to live on their own entirely
off the grid it wasn't until I got out
here and realized that I could survive
and have so much happiness and so much
satisfaction that I realized this is the
long-term plan check out that full video
at the top of the description thank you
for watching test-tube
so you subscribe
