advertising and search engine giant
Google recently revealed that it was
looking into joining the wireless
service market this small but ambitious
project follows their pattern of
acquiring existing services like YouTube
and Picasa and dominating the market
Google's ubiquitous multi-service
platform has raised questions about
their influence even beyond the scope of
the internet so how powerful is Google
well for a company with a 66 billion
dollar revenue in 2014 and more than
53,000 employees
Google has the ability to fund and
research a large number of diverse
projects and while a number of its
experiments fall flat like Google Wave
and some don't turn a profit like Google
glass they do help Google expand their
reach Google's wide success in the
smartphone wars with their operating
system Android is proof of their ability
to take on existing markets they're even
doing a better job than most governments
at following the global arms trade
alerting users of local crises tracking
the spread of disease and fighting
international censorship in response to
China's blocking of certain political
search results Google redirected Chinese
users to the less censored Hong Kong
site enraged Chinese officials enacted a
total ban on Google but lifted it the
next day following revelations that the
NSA was spying on the Internet traffic
in 2013 Google quickly called out the
responsible agencies over social media
and began encrypting their searches
Google's potential political impact
cannot be overlooked in India
researchers found that an undecided
voters opinion could be swayed toward
one candidate or another based on their
ranking in Google's search results
Google maintains that they have never
manipulated search rankings to influence
users Google was the fifth biggest
political lobbyists in 2013 and the
third largest donor to the Obama
campaign Google's revenue and employment
is on the rise and they've made
significant inroads in energy
transportation artificial intelligence
and a whole array of tech services all
this means that Google is an
indispensable global player in politics
technology and new media
in fact when Google servers went down
for less than five minutes last year
global traffic fell by 40 percent
showing just how powerful the Internet
giant truly is have you ever wondered
why big Internet companies censor
explicit material like porn well there's
a lot of reasons and some might even
surprise you business partners probably
have a lot to do with it but it just
seems like too simple a solution so
maybe it's not about companies maybe
it's about customers Apple needs
everybody to buy their stuff mom's kids
Mormons Methodist Satanists Tallis soup
lovers everybody there's a link to that
full video in the description check it
out thanks for watching test-tube and
please subscribe
