for the last 50 years Iran and the US
have been fighting over the issue of
Iran's nuclear capability tensions over
sanctions and broken agreements have
fueled this diplomatic deadlock here's a
timeline to explain the history of this
back and forth
Iran signs the nuclear non-proliferation
treaty with 50 other countries promising
to never develop nuclear weapons
despite this Iran obtained secret
nuclear technology from Pakistan's head
nuclear weapons engineer sometime
between 1987 and 1989 years later Iran
is caught trying to build a nuclear
weapon in response US President Bill
Clinton imposes the first of many
sanctions against Iran in an attempt to
slow Iran's nuclear program the CIA
gives them defective nuclear blueprints
the plan backfires when Iran discovers
the flaws and uses the plans to their
advantage amidst fears of being invaded
Iran allows international inspections of
some nuclear sites in November 2004
Iran's nuclear negotiator Hassan rouhani
signs the Paris agreement to stop
enriching uranium temporarily less than
a year later Mahmoud Ahmed vinegared is
elected president he restarts Iran's
nuclear program in the summer of 2010 a
joint effort between the US and Israel
creates a computer virus that takes down
nearly 1/5 of Iran's nuclear
technologies despite sanctions tanking
the Iranian currency Ahmadinejad says
they will expand uranium production and
nuclear weapon proliferation on June 15
2013 Iran elects the u.s. friendly
nuclear negotiator Hassan rouhani as
president he slows down efforts are
enriching uranium three months later in
the first direct contact between the
u.s. and Iran since 1979 Obama speaks
personally with President rouhani in
exchange for 7 billion in sanctions
relief Iran agrees to temporarily halt
their nuclear program in the Geneva
Accord after over a year of negotiation
extension
Iran rejects the United States plans to
freeze all nuclear activity for ten
years although Iran has repeatedly said
they have no interest in pursuing a
nuclear weapon the u.s. Israel and
allied European countries don't seem to
be willing to trust them negotiations
continue but based on this history it's
likely that Iran continues to pursue its
nuclear program what do you think is
there more to this story let us know in
the comments below and if you want a
better look at how powerful Iran is
overall take a look at our full video
here they're estimated to have five
hundred and forty five thousand ready
troops just below countries like
Pakistan and North and South Korea
they're also equipped with tanks and air
force and a navy
their military is powered by a six point
three billion dollar defense budget
thanks and please subscribe
