you probably heard of child marriage
before but you may not know just how
serious the consequences are from women
or how prevalent the practices in low
and middle income countries let me give
you the shocking information first
in 2012 the UN reported that one-third
of all girls from developing nations are
married before their 18th birthday and
won a nine get married before the age of
15 early marriage correlates with abuse
rape and pregnancies before girls reach
sexual maturity the World Health
Organization claims one million girls
under 15 are giving birth each year the
problem is that many teen girls
especially under 15 haven't fully
developed physically yet their pelvises
are too small for childbearing compared
to women over 20 years old girls under
15 are 5 times as likely to die during
childbirth or pregnancy those that don't
die also risk severe and permanent
health complications like urinary or
fecal incontinence and immobility in
addition to suffering health risks young
brides are usually forced to drop out of
school over 60% of child brides in
developing countries have no formal
education many of these girls come from
poor families in patriarchal societies
where women are seen as a burden a
family can collect a dowry from the
husband and lose amounts of feed
simultaneously if they marry off a young
daughter and the younger the better
because it's more likely they'll be
virgins so where child marriage is
happening mostly in Asia Africa and even
Latin America
40% of all cases happened in India
because of its huge population in Malawi
a national law was passed in February
2015 banning marriage to girls under 18
for country where half of all females
are child brides this is a step in the
right direction the local authorities to
Nick nor laws like these in fact many
developing countries already have laws
where the age of consent for marriage is
18 or higher but nobody follows them
overall the International rate of child
marriage is declining little by little
as poor communities gain industry and
better education girls are more likely
to stay in school and marry later female
empowerment is a crucial step in
improving developing countries in 2015
African Union
theme represents this sentiment we've
been working on a bunch of awesome new
content and it's finally ready you'll
definitely want to check out this story
about people taking huge risks just to
get the perfect Instagram photo click
the first link in the top of the
description to check it out I think at
first I thought we were jumpers someone
they I mean I remember doing a couple
like feat shots and then looking down to
the lower part of the roof and seeing
the cops thanks for watching and hit
that subscribe button
