the Myanmar conflict also known as the
Burma conflict has been one of the
world's longest running civil wars since
the nation gained its independence in
1948 violence there continues to make
headlines and on February 21st 2015 130
people were killed along the Chinese
border in rebel attacks in East of
Myanmar so what is the Myanmar conflict
about well in very simple terms the
ethnic minority groups of Myanmar have
been fighting almost 70 years for
freedom from an oppressive government
there are more than 135 ethnic
minorities in Myanmar and some of the
ethnic communities have formed
militarized rebel factions currently the
United wah State Army the Koch in
Independence Army and the Kerry National
Union were some of the largest rebel
groups in the region and they control a
significant portion of Myanmar in 2011
12 of the factions came together to form
a union committed to combining efforts
towards a unified state currently the
Myanmar government is a purported
civilian democracy but it has had a long
history of military dictatorship
although there have been attempts at
peace recently Myanmar is still regarded
as a highly oppressive and corrupt
nation in 2014 the Corruption
Perceptions Index ranked Myanmar as 156
out of 175 countries tied with Cambodia
and Zimbabwe in 2014 a report by Harvard
researchers found that there was
sufficient evidence to arrest leaders of
the Myanmar government for taking part
in war crimes Myanmar government
militaries have reportedly bombed
villages and killed innocent people
around the country since 2011
politicians have been working on a
nationwide ceasefire to stop the
violence refugees international
estimates that the conflict has
displaced more than a million people
hope for an end to the violence may lie
with Aung San su Chi who won the Nobel
Peace Prize in 1991 and has plans to run
for president of Myanmar in the future
the borders between two countries can
also get pretty messy sometimes to learn
more about the conflict between
Dominican Republic and Haiti check out
our video this anti Haitian sentiment
has endured since 1937 when dictator
Rafael Trujillo led the Dominican
Republic Rafael was obsessed with pale
skin and
his rule around 10 to 25,000
dark-skinned Haitians living in
Dominican border towns were murdered as
always thank you for watching and please
subscribe
