Western Darfur is home to one of the
world's worst humanitarian crises since
conflict laird in 2003 more than 2
million people have been displaced and
between 200 and 400 thousand people have
died Darfur has been in a near constant
state of instability since Sudan became
independent from British and Egyptian
rule in the 1950s in 2003 violence
reached a high point state-sponsored air
militias known collectively as Janjaweed
and the Sudanese military effectively
began a genocide to crush insurgencies
in 2009 and 2010 the International
Criminal Court issued arrest warrants
for Sudan's President Omar al-bashir he
is wanted for crimes against humanity
war crimes and genocide in October 2014
Sudanese soldiers were ordered by
superiors to rape over 200 women and
girls because of their alleged
affiliation with rebel groups the UN is
currently investigating this crime and
continues to supply aim to people in the
Darfur region want to know more about
Africa here's another inside look at why
the US and China are investing in Africa
this isn't money going toward
humanitarian aid or economic relief it
will be spent by US businesses to set up
opportunities and infrastructure with
the sole goal of expanding into new
African markets thanks for watching
test-tube and please subscribe
