in 2006 former Russian KGB agent
Alexander Litvinenko died suddenly in a
London hospital from radiation poisoning
eight years later a public inquiry is
finally investigating his mysterious
death so what has the inquiry revealed
so far about Litvinenko's death and who
are the prime suspects on November 1st
2006 Litvinenko had two meetings the
first was with former KGB agent Andrey
Lugovoy and his colleague Dmitry Kovtun
the second with Italian academic Mario
Scaramella that same night mr.
Litvinenko was rushed to the hospital
after becoming violently ill over the
next few days his health deteriorated
rapidly and on November 23rd Litvinenko
died police treat the death as
suspicious an autopsy shows that
Litvinenko has been poisoned with
polonium 210 a radioactive isotope so
potent that just one gram could
potentially kill 50 million people the
pathologist describes the post-mortem as
one of the most dangerous ever
undertaken in the Western world in a
statement written from his deathbed
Litvinenko accuses Russian President
Vladimir Putin of being involved in his
assassination it's later revealed that
Litvinenko may have been killed because
he was investigating Putin's links to
organized crime Andrey Lugovoy
and Dmitry Kovtun are prime suspects
early on in the investigation
both men test positive for radiation
poisoning but police are unable to
question them as they've returned to
Russia and a request for their
extradition is denied an inquiry into
Litvinenko's death is delayed to avoid a
diplomatic meltdown between the UK and
Russia but in January 2015 a UK public
inquiry finally begins Lugovoy and
Kovtun are notably absent at the hearing
it's revealed that Litvinenko was
poisoned not once but twice evidence
suggests that Lugovoy and Kovtun
poisoned Litvinenko at a meeting in
october then once again in his tea two
weeks later a lawyer representing
Litvinenko's wife also reveals the pair
left a radioactive trail traces of the
poison were found on their flights in
their hotel rooms and at locations all
around London that Lugovoy and Kovtun
visited during their trip to meet Levin
young
there are other suspects in the
investigation but the evidence seems to
point to Lugovoy and Kovtun and what
about putin's involvement let us know
what you think in the comments below and
don't forget to subscribe to watch more
updates into the Litvinenko inquiry
