you've probably noticed that filling up
your car with gas is a lot cheaper than
it was a few months ago that's because
the price of oil has fallen and while
that's great for the consumer for
countries like Iran Russia and Venezuela
whose economies rely heavily on oil
exports it's spells disaster reports
suggest that Venezuela has been hit
particularly hard by the oil price drop
but why and what is the country doing to
help solve the problem well with one of
the largest oil reserves in the world
Venezuela relies heavily on oil exports
in fact oil generates around 95% of its
hard currency income so as oil prices
have dropped by over half since June the
Venezuelan economy has really suffered
the results of which can be seen in the
lives of the Venezuelan people the
country relies heavily on imports for
food and other necessities it's reported
that long lines at state-run grocery
stores are now the norm as food supplies
are extremely limited Venezuelans are
being pushed to the limit and the Army
has even been called in to patrol food
queues and keep order medical supplies
are also a rare commodity in Venezuela
unfortunately Venezuelans have been in
this position before prior to oil prices
falling the country had been in a deep
recession without of control inflation
food and medical supplies have been in
short supply for years and economists
are placing the blame on Venezuelan
president Maduro and his unsustainable
policies currently the government funds
free healthcare state education food and
gas subsidies Venezuela also provides
oil to 13 other countries within the
Caribbean Basin for what many experts
argue are giveaway prices until now
Maduro has been reluctant to make
changes to these costly policies as he
strives to continue former President
Hugo Chavez's
popular socialist ambitions for
Venezuela so with people on the verge of
starvation just what is president Maduro
doing about the situation well in
January 2015
Maduro went on a tour of china Qatar
Saudi Arabia Iran Algeria and Russia in
a bid to secure some financial aid for
Venezuela experts argued that it was a
desperate move but Maduro did manage to
secure a twenty billion dollar
investment deal with China and
significant financing from Qatar Ebanks
but critics argue that the money still
isn't enough to provide the economic
relief that Venezuela desperately needs
with the situation showing no signs of
improving widespread protests have
broken out across the country but these
demonstrations have only been met with
threats of violence from the government
in order to keep public order there's no
doubt that tensions between the state
and its citizens have reached a boiling
point and even Maduro has acknowledged
rumors of the numerous coup plots to
overthrow him to learn more about how
low oil prices are hurting other
countries to take a look at our video
now some argue that the combination of
the economic loss plus the estimated 40
billion Russia is losing from sanctions
might put enough pressure on Vladimir
Putin to end the conflict with Ukraine
and please subscribe
