Hezbollah recently launched an attack on
the Israeli Lebanese border five
anti-tank missiles were launched against
a pair of Israeli military vehicles
killing three people and injuring many
others the exchange of fire is just the
latest in an ongoing conflict between
the two groups so who exactly are the
Hezbollah and what do they want with
Israel
well Hezbollah also known as the party
of God is a militant jihadist group
comprised of Shia Muslims the resistance
group has risen to become a dominant
military and political power in Lebanon
Hezbollah not only controls many of the
country's media network but holds a
reported 12 seats in Lebanon's
parliament and possess a military
strength that is arguably stronger than
the Lebanese army they are so dominant
within Lebanon that Hezbollah is often
referred to as a state within a state
but Hezbollah's goals go beyond the
borders of Lebanon the group has had its
site firmly set on Israel Hezbollah was
founded in 1982 after a war with Israel
that resulted in a long occupation of
Lebanon the group was established with
the goal of ending occupation in Lebanon
and ultimately liberating Jerusalem and
dismantling the Israeli state which is
why countries like the UK in the u.s.
categorized the group as a terrorist
organization who poses significant
threat to the stability of the Middle
East so how strong is Hezbollah and what
threat do they pose to Israel following
the end of the Israeli occupation of
South Lebanon in 2000 Hezbollah's
military strength grew significantly in
terms of manpower Hezbollah currently
have an estimated 60,000 fighters but
thanks to generous funding and training
from Iran this number could be set to
double according to various reports the
group are also heavily armed with some
70,000 rockets which includes long-range
missiles anti-aircraft and even anti
warship defense all this amounts to a
lot of firepower pointed at Israel
reports suggest that Hezbollah's recent
cross-border attack is one of the most
serious clashes between the two forces
since their month-long war in Lebanon
back in 2006 the group's leader recently
announced we don't fear war and we don't
hesitate and facing it if it is imposed
on us this isn't the only fight that
Hezbollah is currently involved in a
large number of their troops are
deployed in Syria where Hezbollah is
fighting to save President Bashar
al-assad's regime who has helped fund
the Lebanese fighters in the past but
experts suggest that the ink
in cost of the war in Syria are taking
its toll on Hezbollah's power leaving
Lebanon's people vulnerable to counter
strikes from anti-assad rebels and after
this recent clash two Israeli military
attacks so it's understandable that
Hezbollah doesn't want any more conflict
at least for now let us know in the
comments what you think if has blown for
more information on Sharia law check out
our video on what the term really means
also don't forget to click subscribe we
post new videos every day
