Saudi Arabia just crowned a new king a
king that has stronger ties than his
predecessor to the primary religion of
Saudi Arabia a version of Islam called
Wahhabism Isis also claims strong ties
to Wahhabism so what is Wahhabism and
how does it affect this region
waha BISM is a strict form of Sunni
Islam named after its founder Muhammad
even Abdul wahap he preached that all
Muslims should strictly adhere to the
qur'an's teachings over time Wahhabism
has grown to have a domineering
influence on Saudi Arabian religious
culture and politics in Saudi Arabia
Wahhabism is seen as the true
interpretation of Islam they also
believe that anyone who does not
practice their version of Islam are
heretics this teaching has been the
cause of tension within the Islamic
world because Wahhabism sees other
followers of Islam like Shias and Sufis
as non-believers a fact that Isis has
manipulated and overstated to justify
their own terrorist agenda they're
practicing a kind of untamed Wahhabism
strongly encouraging followers to show
no mercy to non-believers and issuing
orders to kill anyone outside of the
faith and this isn't the first time that
Wahhabism has been connected to a terror
organization alongside Isis Wahhabi
teachings have also heavily influenced
al-qaeda and the Taliban on the surface
it may seem like terror groups are
adhering to the strict practice of Islam
as a part of the religious crusade that
allows them to justify violent action
however there might be another reason
why Wahhabism is being embraced by
groups like Isis experts believe that
their ulterior motive might be financial
Wahhabism has its roots in Saudi Arabia
one of the richest countries in the
world it's understood that some Saudi
charities and private companies are used
as a front to fund extremist Wahhabi
organizations like Isis to the tune of
100 billion dollars over the last thirty
years funding has also been channeled
into establishing Wahhabi schools in
both Pakistan and Bangladesh which is
concerned local officials who believe
the Institute's are encouraging
terrorism so how did this happen well we
should mention that there is no evidence
linking the Saudi government directly to
funding terrorist activities but some
Saudi Arabian citizens are funding
groups like Isis some experts argue that
the citizens in question see funding
radical groups is a way to gain a
position of power and influence within
the Islamic world other reports suggest
that they might be using the strategy to
limit Islamic extremism within their own
country by sending young extremists
abroad the Saudi government is trying to
restrict the private funding of terror
organizations according to a report by
the Washington Institute for Near East
policy the Saudi Arabian government is
closely monitoring its financial sector
in order to block suspect donations
unfortunately a combination of politics
logistics and limited reach have impeded
efforts by Saudi Arabia to counter
terrorism financing scholars in Saudi
Arabia have also come forward to defend
Wahhabism saying that the teachings are
not aligned with Isis and other terror
organizations they argue that Saudi
Arabia and Isis do not share an ideology
it is thought that Saudis new king
Salman bin Abdulaziz is keen on working
closely with US President Barack Obama
to bolster their counterterrorism
strategy to find out more about Saudi
Arabia's new king click here to watch
this video thank you for watching
test-tube daily we make videos every
single day subscribe to our channel for
more
