in March 2015 Israel's Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu is expected to give a
speech to Congress at the invitation of
House Speaker John Boehner however no
notice of this speech was given to the
White House which some feel is a slight
towards the u.s. president Netanyahu is
already considered by many to have a
somewhat frosty relationship with Obama
so what is the background of Israel's
prime minister and how powerful is he
Benjamin Netanyahu known informally as
Bibi was born in Israel but lived and
studied in the US for many years in
addition to fighting for the Israeli
army he belongs to the Likud political
party he has been Prime Minister of
Israel before in the 90s the Likud Party
is intensely dedicated to national
security they have at times been
hesitant to move forward in peace talks
because of ongoing distrust towards
neighboring governments although
Netanyahu opposes military conflict in
the interest of national security
Israel keeps its military primed for
combat particularly in areas like the
West Bank where there are Israeli
settlements in what is supposed to be
Palestinian occupied territory the US
and Israel have been longtime allies and
Netanyahu recently called the
relationship rock-solid however it is
these settlements that have been putting
a strain on the personal friendship
between Obama and Netanyahu Obama made
it clear in 2009 that the United States
does not accept the legitimacy of
continued Israeli settlements which the
UN has declared illegal and a flagrant
violation of the Fourth Geneva
Convention
however Netanyahu continues to support
them in December 2014 hundreds of new
homes were approved to be built in the
Israeli settlements along the West Bank
and other areas despite this Israel
still remains a valuable friend of the
US both nations do not want to see Iran
develop nuclear weapons and both nations
know they need to work together to stop
it from happening because of Israel's
powerful government and sophisticated
army Netanyahu is ultimately a powerful
ally for Obama to have if you're
interested in knowing more about the
close relationship between Israel and
the u.s. watch this video to remain
relevant in the Middle East the u.s. set
out to establish closer ties with Israel
because Israel was already a democracy
with strong anti-communist leanings
for watching test-tube don't forget to
subscribe
