in the fall of 2014 Isis successfully
captured the city of kobani in northern
Syria since then reclaiming kobani has
been the main focus of u.s. military
attention so the question is where do we
stand now what is happening in kobani
and how does that affect the future of
this war well the good news is Kurdish
troops with the help of 17 us-led
airstrikes over one 24-hour period were
able to reclaim the city the bad news is
that practically speaking this may not
matter much to Isis the importance of
kobani from a military perspective may
have been overblown before the fighting
kobani was a relatively small city with
little resources and geographic benefits
outside of sharing a border with Turkey
a border Isis was never fully able to
control and due to Turkey's NATO
membership may have had no intention of
controlling in the first place the fact
is we can't really know what the value
of kobani was to Isis but we do know
that kobani didn't become a symbol of
military success until the US and their
allies made it one by fighting for it
the capital city of Isis is Raqqa not
kobani and losing kobani doesn't do
anything to change that or Isis as a
whole it just gives the US and its
allies one battlefield win in a war that
will have many more important
battlefields obviously this is just a
quick update on a complicated issue if
you'd like to see our full coverage of
the Kurds in their fight against Isis
check out our video on that let's start
by looking at a map of Iraq the Kurds
live in this area which makes them seem
like a small group but if you pull back
you see that the Kurdish people actually
live across a large continuous block of
the Middle East that spreads across Iran
Iraq Syria and Turkey it's commonly
known as Curtis thong
