reports on the terrorist attacks in
Paris have revealed that intelligence
officials have known about the kawase
brothers for years the pair were
reported to be on terror watchlist both
in the UK and US which has cast doubt
over the ability of all three countries
to counter terrorism the terror
watchlist is meant to help monitor
potential threats but after numerous
attacks where suspects have been known
to the authorities the world is
wondering just how closely are they
being watched according to documents
leaked by Edward Snowden from the
National Security Agency the u.s.
operates an extensive cyber surveillance
network the data mining program known as
prism it is capable of collecting
personal emails social media posts chat
logs and other online data for the
purpose of keeping tabs on those who are
on the US watch list according to the
French newspaper LeMond France also
employs a very similar system to prison
and security information isn't just
limited to an individual suspect
gathering personal information on family
friends and acquaintances is common
practice outside of collecting online
data another set of u.s. security
documents leaked to independent news
organization the intercept outlined how
government security agencies have been
collecting biometric information that
included facial images fingerprints and
iris scans for people they consider to
be high-level threats individuals can
also have their travel monitored or can
be completely stopped from traveling
internationally that is what is known as
the no-fly list then there's physical
24-hour surveillance this type of
monitoring is usually reserved for
select groups or individuals who have a
substantial amount of evidence to prove
they are an active terrorist like the
quashy brothers up until just six months
ago the pair were under 24-hour
surveillance
there were high priority for security
agencies due to a previous terrorist
conviction from 2008 authorities have
been monitoring them for years but it
stopped because the brother's recent
activities hadn't been flagged as
high-risk one French terrorist security
consultant has argued that monitoring
has become difficult as the number of
terror suspects have grown there are
around 1,200 people in the French watch
list which authorities have expressed
makes it extremely difficult to keep
track of them all however the number of
people on France's watchlist seems small
in comparison to the US last year the
American terror watchlist surpassed 1
million almost double what it was four
years ago of course not every one of
these people poses a significant threat
to society over half are either low-risk
categories or no recognized terrorist
affiliation but that still leaves a huge
number of people to keep an eye on so
our escalating numbers of people on
watch lists really affecting our ability
to monitor high-risk suspects
looking the manpower required the answer
is yes experts estimate that at least 25
field operatives are required to tail
one individual 24 hours a day and this
doesn't account for the number of people
required to monitor emails phone calls
and other data the FBI which has an
estimated 14,000 agents and the French
equivalent who is much smaller just
don't have the numbers to monitor
everyone on their lists to learn more
about how the u.s. monitors those on its
watch list check out our video on the
NSA now that is what the NSA works on
collecting today
SIGINT and it's an extremely broad term
it basically covers any form of
communication collected in any way if
you sent it out and they can get it it's
considered CID joined thanks for
watching and subscribe we put out new
videos 6 days a week
