on the first day that the
republican-controlled House of
Representatives was back in session the
Republican majority passed a rule
restricting the transfer of money from
the Social Security retirement fund into
the Social Security disability insurance
program some fear that this will lead to
the Social Security disability trust
fund going bankrupt by 2016
this all may be a bit unfamiliar and
confusing so let's start by answering
the question what is Social Security and
how will it affect you in the future
Social Security is a program first
initiated by President Franklin Delano
Roosevelt in 1935 and it was designed as
a safety net to support retirees and the
elderly before he started the Social
Security program care for those people
who were too old to work was
traditionally provided by the family
members or poor houses which in the wake
of the Great Depression and other
economic factors was becoming a less
viable option after the law took effect
monthly paychecks were then sent to
individuals aged 65 or older who were no
longer working at the time only 1% of
people's income went to Social Security
since then the percentage that his taxed
has gone up now with some restrictions
6.2 percent of an employee's income and
another 6.2 percent tax on employers
goes toward Social Security also the age
at which benefits are received has
changed in 1961 the earliest age which
you could retire and begin receiving
money was reduced to 62 however now as a
result of a 1983 amendment waiting to
retire until age 67 reaps the most
benefits subsequent amendments over the
years have also expanded the realm of
care to disabled dependent children
surviving spouses and others problems
with Social Security have arisen over
the years mainly due to changes in the
population in 1935 there were 16 workers
for every Social Security recipient in
the United States and now it is closer
to a 3 to 1 ratio in 1975 it was
reported that taxes soon wouldn't cover
Social Security payments so the taxes
went up and benefits were reduced in
1983 a similar crisis occurred and
President Reagan formed the Greenspan
Commission to study and suggest
solutions to Social Security but no real
fix was found so what does Social
Security look like right now
currently the numbers from the
government suggest that most people 65
or older receive Social Security and
that money represents about 38% of their
income on average that's a pretty big
number but many accountants now urge
people to view Social Security as
supplemental rather than a primary
income however reports also suggest that
half of older married couples and
three-quarters of unmarried older people
rely on Social Security for a majority
of their income experts say that at the
current rate the Social Security trust
fund will be bankrupt by 2033 but to be
clear that doesn't mean Millennials
won't get any money from the government
they will still get some they just won't
get all of the benefits that previous
generations experienced they will get
about 77% of original fund estimates
unless of course a major Social Security
overhaul happens which some people in
politics like Democratic senator
Elizabeth Warren from Massachusetts are
already calling for to find out more
about how our government works check out
our video on the Supreme Court and their
potential bias or click on our other
video about the jobs report and what it
really says about our economy new videos
6 days a week please subscribe
