in early 2014 three Chinese warships
headed straight for Australia in what
Chinese officials later called a simple
military exercise the ships never left
international waters and they eventually
turned around but the message to
Australia was clear
China is powerful one expert called the
event a wake-up call for Australian
defense planners so is Australia in
danger exactly how powerful are they
Australia is strong but it's not a
global force the nation is surrounded by
water which is patrolled by the
Australian Defence Force the largest
military in Oceania
however the nations that make up Oceania
are relatively small Australia only
ranks 20th on the global firepower lists
behind smaller countries like Indonesia
Poland and Taiwan its greatest power may
lie in their defense Australia's remote
location makes any invasion difficult
and costly the Australian defense budget
is large and is slated to grow by over
six percent to almost 30 billion in 2015
and plans are set for more growth in the
upcoming years but this increase seems
to be reactionary trying to keep up with
their trading partner and neighbour
China who has steadily increased their
military spending over the past 30 years
specifically growing their Navy to the
second largest in the world 80 percent
of China's oil shipments travel through
the Indian Ocean which Australia also
shares with other major world powers
like India and Pakistan some may see
Australia is geographically isolated but
an increase in activity and the
waterways around them has forced their
military to grow larger another aspect
of Australia's power comes from careful
alliances the United States remains
Australia's closest military ally but
Australia is also forging stronger
economic ties to Indonesia and China
China is Australia's largest trading
partner and over half of Australia's
natural resource exports do go to China
their strongest economic ties most
likely ensure peace between the two
nations despite occasional military
posturing on both sides Australia is
also part of many peacekeeping
organizations like the UN the g20 which
they recently hosted and the East Asia
Summit which includes major world powers
like the US
Japan Russia and India this complex
diplomacy with other nations is
symptomatic of countries like Australia
Canada or Norway referred to by some as
creative middle powers they have the
ability to work with many different
countries big or small on very important
issues Australia is also economically
strong they have the 12th highest GDP in
2014 but there are signs that that may
not last they're mining industry is
currently taking a hit
Australia is home to major deposits of
iron ore gold and uranium and as the
world's leading supplier of bauxite all
in all the profits from mining make up
10% of the country's total GDP the price
of these resources has plummeted
recently partially due to the slowing of
China's economy again Australia's
biggest trading partner so Australia
does wield some economic power but with
their dollar at a five-year low they may
be headed towards a recession Australia
may never become a superpower but it
will remain a steadfastly independent
and well protected nation that has the
ability to influence major world issues
if you're interested in other countries
and how powerful they are check out this
playlist on the strength of nations
around the world and please subscribe to
test-tube so you can get all of our
videos six days a week
