at least 20 people died in a recent
attack in Chechnya SCAP Atal of Grozny
terrorists attacked a police post and
then stormed a secondary building this
comes on the heels of an attack last
October when a suicide bomber killed
five police officers and wounded 12
others many news outlets have reported
these attacks are being carried out by
Islamic militants so what exactly is
going on in Chechnya
well first off Chechnya is a
predominantly Muslim Republic under
Russian control that has been at
conflict with Russia for almost 200
years
including recent wars between Russia and
Chechen separatists that left over a
hundred and fifty thousand dead the
Chechen separatist movement started as a
secular nationalist movement but has
since shifted to a religious movement
while the first Chechen war in 1994 was
largely a secular fight for independence
against Russia the second chechen war in
1999 was sparked by Islamic back Chechen
troops invading the neighboring Russian
Republic of Dagestan in the hopes of
establishing a new Islamic state by the
second chechen war it was very clear
that Chechen rebel groups were less
nationalist and more closely tied to the
ideals of jihad and an Islamic state
this includes reported visits of
al-qaeda leaders and soldiers to
Chechnya and some Chechen rebels
traveling to Afghanistan to train with
al-qaeda and the Taliban there have also
been reports that Osama bin Laden helped
fuel the flames in Chechnya with weapons
and money from their Chechen radicalism
only grew in 2002 terrorist actions by
Islamist Chechen rebels resulted in the
deaths of 115 people when the group led
by Islamic militant leader shamil
Basayev attacked a theater and in 2004
the same group also took over a Russian
school resulting in the deaths of at
least 335 people most of whom were
children
now Chechen jihadist fighters are
spreading out to fight in other
countries including Iraq and Turkey The
Economist reports that close to a
thousand Chechen militants traveled to
fight with Isis in fact one man known as
Omar the Chechen has become the face of
Isis and is being looked at as one of
the group's leaders in Syria although
there are reports that he's been killed
the fear now is that these same Isis
fighters are returning home and
a new wave of violence back to Chechnya
a new group has formed calling
themselves the Caucasus Emirate led by a
notorious Chechen jihadist leader they
are taking responsibility for the latest
attacks as well as two separate Moscow
subway bombings and numerous threats
leading up to the 2014 Olympic Games in
Sochi so now not only are Chechen rebels
fighting for an independent state
against Russia but also as part of a
bigger global jihad movement for more on
the rise of Isis and what's being done
to combat them check out our playlist on
that now and please subscribe thank you
for watching test-tube
