on his show Bill Maher implied that all
Muslims hold pernicious beliefs that was
his word pernicious which means having a
harmful effect ben affleck who agreed to
be on the show for some reason
said that mars statement was gross and
racist because he thought Maher was
implying that muslims have a harmful
effect that they are dangerous or evil
and he knows that there are over 1.6
billion Muslims in the world and that
generalizing about a large group of
people is racist and gross which it is
but Maher didn't back down from his
argument because there is violence and
evil in the Muslim world and he does
believe that organized religion is
pernicious he made a documentary but he
also believes that Islam is more
pernicious than other religions he
argues that the Quran does say some very
outdated and potentially dangerous
things about how people should be
treated teachings that are proven to
have a harmful effect when interpreted
by Isis or al-qaeda or Islamic groups
that Maher would argue share a lot of
the same beliefs as everyday regular
Muslims therefore all Muslims have a lot
of the same beliefs as Isis which is
true and terribly misleading they both
teach from the same Quran but to get
some actual perspective on what that
says about Islam we should bring in the
ideas of a real-life expert on religion
reza aslan
he argues that both Ben Affleck and
Maher are wrong sort auslan argues that
Muslims who distance themselves from the
extremist elements of the Muslim
community by claiming that those
extremists are not real Muslims are
denying that religious violence has a
religious motive and it obviously does
so Maher is right Islam is a part of us
but Maher is also wrong because and I
quote Islam doesn't promote violence or
peace Islam is just a religion and like
every religion in the world it depends
on what you bring to it end quote
so if you find yourself talking about
the pernicious effects of Islam you
should really be talking about the
pernicious effects of Isis or al-qaeda
not Islam itself because Muslims are a
large group of people defined by their
following of Islam but they are also
many different groups and cultures Saudi
Arabian Muslims
different than Turkish Muslims and
Turkish Muslims are different than
Indonesian Muslims all different than
militant jihadist Muslims so let's not
talk about Muslims in general terms
let's talk about them individually by
the name of their exact group Isis
oppresses women Turkey in 1993 elected a
woman as their prime minister that sort
of thing if you enjoyed this video
please subscribe we release new videos
five days a week and subscribing is the
best way to get them to you
