13 women in India recently died after
going through government sanctioned
sterilization surgery this is the latest
tragedy in India's ongoing war against
population control and yes it is as bad
as it sounds
India is currently on pace to become the
most populated country in the world by
2030 so in order to control the
population the government has come up
with a plan to sterilize the number of
citizens and that is a very specific
number India has been accused of
enforcing sterilization quotas they
officially ended their federal quota
program in 1996 but there are
accusations that that quota system is
still in place so what exactly is
sterilization surgery it's technically
tubal ligation but is more commonly
referred to as tube tying doctors
perform surgery on the women blocking or
severing the fallopian tubes in order to
prevent future pregnancies it is the
most popular form of birth control in
India with about 4.6 million women
having the procedure in 2011 and 2012
there is nothing inherently wrong with
tubal ligation but the way that India is
targeting low-income women for
sterilization and carrying out these
procedures might be a major human rights
problem the government is offering small
cash incentives to women who undergo
sterilization at one of their mass
sterilization camps the women who died
in this recent tragedy were all given
about 23 dollars
the Indian government has capped the
number of daily surgeries one doctor can
do at 30 but because the doctors are
being paid bonuses per patient some have
admitted to performing hundreds of these
surgeries in a single day this results
in clumsy quick surgeries poor sanitary
conditions and unnecessary deaths over
1,400 women have died from botched
surgery since 2003 and some think that
that number is on the low side this is
obviously a huge problem for India but
they're not the only country dealing
with this issue in 2012 the BBC reported
the news Beca Stan was running a secret
sterilization program new mothers were
sterilized without their knowledge
immediately after giving birth human
rights groups have also accused Peru of
sterilizing women without their
knowledge in the 1990s and 39 women
illegally sterilized in California
prisons between 2005 and 2013
sterilization is a form of birth control
is one of the most popular methods of
birth control in the world especially in
developing and poorer nations and a
large percentage of patients are
voluntary but the amount and frequency
of forced or coerced tubal ligation is a
large problem especially considering the
safer and easier methods available if
you'd like to learn more about how
powerful India really is click here to
watch that video they have the fourth
most powerful military by strength the
tenth largest economy by size and they
could pose a legitimate threat to global
stability and subscribe for more
test-tube we release videos six days a
week
