Facebook recently unveiled a second URL
for their site that can only be accessed
through tor which is a software that
allows users to log in anonymously from
nearly anywhere on the planet even in
countries where Facebook is heavily
monitored or blocked this makes Facebook
the first major web company to offer a
platform on the dark web so what is the
dark web
and why did Facebook join it first off
it's important to understand that the
Internet is vast and constantly growing
and the majority of our daily usage only
scratches the surface Google Yahoo and
other search engines only show about 4%
of the data available on the internet to
access the other 96% requires customized
digging through individual sites sub
pages restricted access journals or
archives and so on this 96% is called
the Deep Web it's also important to
understand that pretty much everything
we do online is visible traceable and
possibly being monitored everything
except for the areas of the Deep Web
that are masked by the dark web the dark
web is concealed through a series of
identity masking layers which basically
means that you can access and interact
with it anonymously without being
tracked this is achieved through special
encryption software like tor which
stands for the Onion Router which when
installed on your computer
appears and acts like your standard
Firefox browser albeit slower but
instead of routing your connection
through a direct line at Torah routes
everything through a series of encrypted
computers all over the world bouncing
around randomly before it reaches its
hosts destination this makes the origin
of the data and the people searching for
it unknowable so while you might
actually be in New York your search
traffic can appear to be coming from
random points all over the world making
your location essentially untraceable so
why does Facebook a company that is
anything but anonymous or discreet want
this well they claim that it's all part
of a long term effort to achieve greater
accessibility and security for its users
which according to some critics is
pretty much just code for desired global
domination Facebook wants to be used by
everyone
every
we're pushing the site into the dark web
opens Facebook up to users who might
otherwise be unable to access it or who
might worry about government
surveillance or other security controls
or threats places like Iran or China for
instance are known to restrict access to
social sites like Facebook tor won't
shield users Facebook profiles or
activities those will still be public
but it will keep their location and
potentially their real identity hidden
from authorities if you'd like to learn
more about the inner workings of the web
but check out this dnews video on how
the internet works once the computer
knows the IP your data goes through to
the Pops and the naps to access
Facebook's computers and if you have
ideas for topics or questions you'd like
us to explore let us know on Facebook or
in the comments down below thanks for
watching
