in the years after World War two gross
domestic product or GDP became the gold
standard for gauging a nation's overall
health and productivity but while most
countries focused on industrial output a
tiny Himalayan kingdom created its own
method to measure worth gross national
happiness or GNH the country behind this
widely adored spiritual model is Bhutan
and for many years it was considered one
of the happiest and most authentic
countries in the world but what exactly
is the actual cost of happiness
futons perception as an idyllic
wonderland is owed in part to its
location the small mountainous country
sits near India Tibet and China with a
population of 750,000 people unspoiled
nature and a peaceful citizenry is why
Bhutan is often seen as a magic time
machine and has a long history of
rejecting outside influence to preserve
its identity after defeating Tibetan
forces and feuding warlords in the 16th
century batons a leader unified the
country and cultivated a unique culture
to differentiate itself from warring
powers a distinct Bhutanese identity
emerged which emphasized a communal
relationship with nature and a lifestyle
centered around Buddhism Bhutan avoided
globalization and preserved its society
in isolation for centuries as the rest
of the world modernized Bhutan still had
no currency telephones hospitals were
even paved roads it wasn't until the
late 1960s that Bhutan cracked open its
doors to the outside world and start to
focus on development but instead of
hurriedly adopting Western reforms
Putin's beloved fourth King Wangchuk
invented gross national happiness to
guide his country's progress GNH
measures spiritual growth instead of
rising incomes and it relies on four key
pillars could governance economic
development culture and Environmental
Conservation every policy proposal in
Bhutan is screened by the gh Commission
and children are taught GNH in schools
the center of Bhutan studies conducts a
survey on various aspects of Bhutanese
life residents are asked questions like
how often do you experience calmness and
how much do you trust your neighbors
this happiness experiment is celebrated
by the international community and other
countries have even created their own
ministries of happiness but this model
of state happiness didn't extend to
everyone living in Bhutan
1980s King Wangchuk instituted a policy
of one nation one people forcing all
Bhutanese citizens dressed the same and
speak one language became disregarded
disparate ethnic groups notably the
Nepali speaking with Sambas who he
exiled in large numbers to this day the
government claims the ethnic group left
voluntarily Bouton's isolationist policy
saw even more flaws in the 1990s which
in these residents got access to
television and cell phones and cars
began to become status symbols divorce
crime and school dropout rates increased
perhaps as a result of access to Western
technology and materialism as the
country continued to develop the concept
of quote
I want more took root in the Buddhist
kingdom shifting the country's
perception of happiness today Bhutan is
a developing economy with a GDP of just
two billion dollars many Bhutanese still
work at subsidence farmers and suffer
from poverty there's also an uptick in
mental health issues and alcoholism but
Bhutan does not provide basic services
to address these issues it seems that
the autocratic policy of gross national
happiness is a cover for serious
failures of governance poverty and human
rights abuses at home and the Kings
remarkable public relations surrounding
GNH protect him from international
condemnation in its latest shift Bhutan
the centuries-old monarchy was replaced
with a parliamentary democracy as the
government shifts some at the top
believe that geh may not be the
foundation for perfect policy Putin's
Prime Minister has even called the GNH a
quote distraction if it doesn't address
important social issues nevertheless in
the most recent Gross National Happiness
survey over 90% of Bhutanese citizens
still consider themselves happy but with
Bhutan semi-authoritarian government
ignoring chronic social issues in the
pursuit of uniformity it's hard to tell
just how happy the Bhutanese are but
modernization hasn't shifted Bouton's
moral center completely off balance as
democratic institutions are put in place
there could be more consequences if the
talk of happiness persists over real
progress for more interesting stories
check out this video from seeker stories
on the powerful student protests in
Chile that are helping reform the
country's education system thanks for
watching seeker daily make sure to LIKE
and subscribe for new videos
