President Obama has authorized military
action against Isis something that 53%
of Americans support but waging war
isn't about popular support
you also need legal authority and
according to some legal experts on both
sides of the aisle Obama may not
technically have the legal authority to
be in this fight in fact this particular
war on terror may even be illegal so how
is that possible while the US
Constitution explicitly divides war
powers between the President and the
Congress Congress has the power to
declare war and the President as
commander-in-chief has the power to make
war it has also agreed that if the
United States is under attack the
president can legally go to war without
Congress's authorization which is one of
the reasons why there is a disconnect
between the number of wars Congress has
supported and the number of actual wars
presidents have fought another
contributor to that disconnect is the
phenomenon called mission creep that's
when the scope of a mission authorized
by Congress expands to include other
missions that Congress may not have
fully intended for example when George W
Bush was President Congress signed the
2001 authorization for use of military
force or AUMF this was enacted just
seven days after 9/11 and authorized the
President to go to war against al-qaeda
and its associated forces this started
out as one war in Afghanistan under
President Bush and has since escalated
into numerous conflicts including
military actions like the strikes
ordered by President Obama against
al-shabaab in Yemen and Somalia Congress
didn't foresee these conflicts but
because al-shabaab is al Qaeda
affiliated the AUMF gave the president
legal authority to attack because of the
AUMF broadly worded language it
seemingly covers almost every terrorist
group the problem is that Isis may not
be one of those groups in fact al Qaeda
and Isis may even be at odds with each
other
so some legal scholars argue that the
president can't use the AUMF to justify
this particular war they also argue that
the u.s. isn't directly under attack
from Isis so the president can't legally
make war for
that reason either so the president may
be conducting an illegal war with Isis
so what the majority of Americans
support the war Isis poses an obvious
threat to US citizens abroad and Isis
has all but declared war against the
United States already so what's the harm
at the president authorizing some
military actions
well our system of government is strong
but delicate and the powers of the
President aren't just decided by the
Constitution they also are established
by practice if President Obama is able
to conduct a war however popular without
the proper justifications then the next
president may be able to do the same
thing and that war may not be a war we
want or need or should be a part of not
policing the president when we support
him makes it that much harder to police
the president when we don't to find out
more about the powers of the president
click here now or to find out more about
Isis please check out our new Isis
playlist one way to take the power out
of the black flags of jihad is to
demystify them first off these flags
aren't actually black flags of jihad
that's just what Western media is
calling them the people who rally around
these flags call them the black standard
or the flag of the eagle or simply the
banner new videos five days a week
please subscribe
