there are numerous military conflicts
border disputes and all-out wars
happening right now with all of these
international conflicts comes the
question of escalation how far will they
go could any one of these conflicts
escalate enough to cause a nuclear war
to answer that we first have to look at
which countries actually have nuclear
weapons as of now there are eight states
known to have nuclear weapons and they
fall into two categories countries that
have signed the treaty on the
non-proliferation of nuclear weapons or
NPT and countries that have not the US
Russia the UK France and China all have
nuclear bombs and have all signed the
NPT these five countries have agreed to
stop making nuclear weapons they've also
agreed to destroy their current
stockpile
over time the treaty has the lofty goal
of a nuclear weapon-free world but it's
not enforced by any one governing body
and the five states are basically under
the honor system so progress is slow if
moving at all
then we have three nuclear capable
countries with bombs that are not part
of the NPT India Pakistan and Israel
these countries refused to sign the
treaty before it was put into effect in
1970 primarily because it capped the
number of countries who were allowed to
have nuclear weapons at five the five
countries that already had them these
three countries had not yet developed
their nuclear programs India tested
their first nuclear weapon in 1974 and
Pakistan tested theirs in 1998 Israel
has not confirmed or denied having a
nuclear arsenal and there is no solid
evidence of them testing a bomb but
according to the Federation of American
scientists Israel may have as many as 80
nuclear weapons there are also countries
that might be pursuing nuclear weapons
like Iran which has a nuclear program
but they claim it is for energy use only
after a series of embargoes and
sanctions Iran has agreed to scale their
program down but they also recently
missed a deadline with the UN to provide
specific information pertaining to their
nuclear explosion experiments so we
can't really be sure what their current
status is north korea who is drew from
the NPT in 2003 has conducted three
nuclear
and is said to have enough plutonium for
six to ten warheads but they have yet to
develop a functional nuclear weapon we
think North Korea doesn't share
information so no one really knows how
close they are so with all that said how
worried should we be about a nuclear war
well China and India have a no first use
policy meaning they won't use nuclear
weapons unless they are attacked with
one first the UK has stated they won't
use their nuclear weapons unless an
enemy state uses a WMD against their
troops the u.s. is vague about it but
claims to have nuclear weapons as a
deterrent Russia dropped their no first
use policy in 1993 and now claims that
they will only use their nuclear weapons
if the Russian Federation is under
threat France and Pakistan have policies
similar to Russia's which just leaves
Israel who has not made an official
policy yet because they haven't
officially acknowledged that they even
have nukes but that doesn't change the
narrative no one wants to be the first
nation to strike using a nuclear weapon
in this day and age would bring
large-scale retribution from the
international community and possible
nuclear counter strikes as it stands now
the main argument for nuclear weapons is
to prevent attacks by nuclear weapons
add in all the agencies actively
monitoring and preventing the
proliferation of nukes the successful
dismantling of Libya's nuclear program
in 2004 South Africa intentionally
dismantling their own program and
weapons in 1991 and Israel eliminating
Syria's nuclear reactor by bombing their
facilities in 2007 and the threat seems
even less real if you still have
questions about the world and their
conflicts please check out our world at
war playlist to get an update on
situations like the war in Syria or Iraq
if you found this video informative
please subscribe it's a great way to
support the show
