this episode of test-tube is brought to
you by ting mobile that makes sense each
month the US Bureau of Labor Statistics
releases their employment situations
summary called the jobs report by
pundits and politicians they often use
the report to paint the economy any way
that they'd like the same exact report
can be touted as disastrous by Fox News
who ran a story on how August's job
report proves that the US economy is in
crisis or is it positive by NPR who ran
a story on how the disappointing jobs
report may actually be masking a strong
and gaining economy so reports about the
jobs report aren't necessarily that
helpful and the jobs report itself
doesn't necessarily tell us all that
much about the economy it just tells us
the number of jobs added or lost over
the last month's and the current
unemployment rate that's pretty much it
the most recent report showed that the
economy added 142,000 jobs in August and
that the unemployment rate dipped from
6.2 percent in July to 6.1 percent in
August both of those sound positive that
can be spun as negatives based on trends
over the last six months economists
expected around 200,000 new jobs to be
added but we only added 142 thousand new
jobs so we expected more new jobs in
August than we actually got but it's
depiction as positive or negative
doesn't affect the information in the
actual report last month we added that
hundred and forty two thousand jobs it
doesn't mean that our economy is booming
or tanking it's pretty much business as
usual so why does the employment
situation summary matter because of
charts like this this graph shows the
number of jobs added year-over-year the
dip in jobs added from 2008 to 2010
represents the bursting of the housing
bubble the subprime mortgage disaster
and the Great Recession the time period
after that represents the speed at which
the economy is recovering so the
employment situation summary looked at
over time can show us useful information
if the month-over-month jobs report is
consistently trending down or if there
is a sudden change in a short period
there may be reason for concern but if
that isn't happening over scrutinizing
the report every month like 24-hour news
companies or want to do may not be
particularly valuable if you care about
getting a good value and you want to
help out the show check out our sponsor
ting go to test-tube ting calm you'll
get $25 off a new device or $25 in
service credit ting mobile that makes
sense
if you'd like to see more test-tube
please click on our episode about the
minimum wage and why we should or should
not raise it new videos five days a week
please subscribe
