black flags of jihad are regularly used
by Isis al-qaeda and a handful of other
Islamic militant groups as a rallying
cry and a symbol of war they've
certainly been effective at instilling
fear in outsiders but the flags writing
symbols literal translation and even
color don't have malicious origins
they've just been co-opted by terrorist
groups and twisted for their own benefit
it's similar to how the Klu Klux Klan
co-opted Christian symbolism in early
1900s America to falsely identify their
group as righteous and instill fear in
the people they were terrorizing one way
to take the power out of the black flags
of jihad is to demystify them first off
these flags aren't actually black flags
of jihad
that's just what Western media is
calling them the people who rally around
these flags call them the black standard
or the flag of the eagle or simply the
banner the flags are modeled after the
Black Flag that Muhammad used for his
military banner by using black militant
groups are simply harkening back to
Muhammad's times and they aren't the
only ones that use black to reference
Muhammad Egypt Iraq Jordan Kuwait and
many other Muslim nations use black in
their flags to indicate the same thing
there's nothing overtly negative about
it the other symbols on the black flag
of jihad are equally innocuous the
symbol at the top is a Shahada which is
an Islamic testament to the group's
faith in Islam the full Shahada as it
reads on the flag of al-qaeda translates
to there is no god but Allah and
Muhammad is the Messenger of Allah which
is a common and important Testament for
Muslims everywhere and in no way
directly refers to terrorism or
fundamentalism normally it's used as an
affirmation of faith not a rallying cry
the ISIS flag itself is one big Shahada
the top reads there is no god but Allah
followed by the seal of Muhammad which
roughly translates to Muhammad messenger
of allah and the seal itself is a fairly
common symbol in Islam it's the actual
seal that Muhammad would use on official
correspondence groups will also use
symbols like crossed swords which do
symbolize militancy but they also
symbolize historic Islam sometimes
they'll use cryptic phrases
cherry-picked from the Quran all of
these things from the flags color to the
verses in the Quran are generally
harmless by themselves and can be
used with good intentions in other
settings but when it's all put together
on a flag by a terrorist group and waved
in the name of war it takes on a new
sinister meaning otherwise these symbols
are generally used as an affirmation of
faith in a positive way to find out more
about Islam and possible misconceptions
about it please check out our video on
what the word jihad really means is much
less scary than you might think
technically jihad means a struggle in
the way of Allah
fringe radical militant groups think
that attacking the West is part of that
struggle but the majority of Muslims
don't and remember we put out 5 new
episodes a week so please subscribe
