globalization is a term that's been
thrown around a lot lately especially in
light of President Donald Trump's
opposition to trade deals and the UK's
decision to leave the European Union in
the simplest terms a globalized economy
is the circulation of goods across many
different countries at your local
grocery store you can likely purchase
tea from India mangoes from Brazil
figs from Turkey or coffee from Ethiopia
all in the same place manufactured goods
like a t-shirt have likely already
charted multiple oceans before making it
to retail shelves and that's all thanks
to globalization and it's a great system
for the consumer it means low prices
greater variety and an all-around higher
standard of living to understand how
globalization works many economists
still point to one of humanity's first
endeavors in international trade the
Silk Road the Silk Road wasn't the
beginning of trade but it did expand it
exponentially in the centuries leading
up to the formation of the Silk Road
civilizations remained largely isolated
due to geographical boundaries and fear
of the unknown however around the second
century BC China and Central Asia began
to share goods and ideas through nomadic
tribes this eventually expanded into a
complex network of land and sea trade
routes stretching from the Mediterranean
to India and even to Southeast Asia a
slew of different goods were transported
along the Silk Road but the most common
was unsurprisingly silk this material
had a huge effect on every society it
came in contact with it
China had a complete monopoly on silk as
they were the only people who knew how
to make it so when the material was
introduced to the Roman elite who loved
it for its lightness demand skyrocketed
as the market grew more and more
working-class Chinese people moved into
self production like modern
globalization the Silk Road also ushered
in a merging of languages religions and
cultures along with goods like spices
and textiles merchants from India
brought Buddhism to China and Japan
where remains a dominant religion today
nomads from Arabia for Islam to South
Asia paving the way for the religions
influence in Malaysia Indonesia and
other modern states in fact many
historians argue that the greatest
impact of the Silk Road was not the
spread of products with the spread of
ideas the Silk Road was hugely
beneficial for early civilizations and
meant greater overall wealth rapid
advancements in art and technology and
increasing diplomacy among
world powers however today some argue
that globalization has gone too far an
interconnected economy often means a
loss of cultural distinctiveness along
with traditions and even languages a
great example of this is currency for
ease of trade and commerce much of
Europe has abandoned their national
denominations in favour of the euro many
countries have done the same to adopt
the US dollar and globalization has even
led to the deaths of thousands of
languages leading some experts to
predict that by the year 2100 only half
of modern dialects will still exist the
Silk Road left an immutable impact
affecting civilizations that weren't
even directly connected to it
merchants who charted the route stopped
for goods in villages which eventually
became huge cities like Venice Istanbul
and Aleppo faiths like Christianity
Islam and Buddhism saw a much greater
reach eventually becoming three of the
world's largest religions whether or not
you agree that globalization is good its
influence in the daily lives of every
human cannot be understated today China
is looking to connect Asia and Europe
through a new Silk Road to find out more
about this initiative check out this
video right here thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe
