eight African nations are currently
involved in serious armed conflicts
Africa also has 17 of the 20 poorest
nations in the world and an Ebola
outbreak yet despite all of that at the
African summit recently held in
Washington DC President Obama announced
a 14 billion dollar commitment to Africa
from various US corporations this isn't
money going toward humanitarian aid or
economic relief it will be spent by US
businesses to set up opportunities and
infrastructure with the sole goal of
expanding into new African markets so is
Africa a poor war-torn continent with
huge problems like disease or is it the
next boom town for savvy businesspeople
well it's really not that simple the
economic standing and political
stability of African nations vary widely
there are places like the Democratic
Republic of Congo that have been
war-torn for decades and are showing
little economic growth right next to
places like Angola which has had the
same president since 1979 and however
corrupt he may be it is showing extreme
growth last decade and golas GDP grew at
eleven point one percent per year which
is the highest growth of any nation
worldwide this is partially due to their
vast supply of natural resources
partially due to an investment in Angola
from China to monetize those resources
and partially due to the fact that in
golas economy started at the bottom and
had a lot of room to grow and that's the
thing about economic growth poor or
war-torn nations with huge problems can
be the nations with potential for
enormous economic growth it sounds wrong
and some would argue that it's morally
problematic but it is a reality of the
current economic landscape China has a
recent history of investing in these
types of nations and now their annual
trade across all of Africa is about two
hundred billion dollars that's almost
twice as much as the US and it's a gap
that American businesses would like to
close if you found this video
informative please subscribe to the
channel hitting the subscribe button on
the screen or down below is the best way
to get these videos in your YouTube feed
and the best way to show support for the
show if you have a comment about this
video or an idea for another one please
let us know down below
