US Secretary of State John Kerry is
currently trying to broker a ceasefire
between Israel and Hamas we can't say
what will come out of these talks or
what the future even holds for the
region but we can talk about the players
involved there are three major players
and a slew of fringe groups actively
involved in the israeli-palestinian
conflict they are Israel Hamas and Fatah
Fatah controls the Palestinian held
sections of the West Bank they also
largely control the PLO or Palestine
Liberation Organization in the
Palestinian National Authority it's the
organization that represents Palestine
in the UN and enjoys non-member observer
status they're the group that gained
recognition for the state of Palestine
from 138 UN member nations they lean
towards wanting a peaceful solution to
the conflict and they're willing to
recognize the State of Israel Hamas is
the Palestinian organization that
currently controls the Gaza Strip which
is in the East bordering Egypt though
the Palestinian wing of the Muslim
Brotherhood and they were democratically
elected by the Palestinian people a lot
of weapons and other resources are given
to them by Iran they do not recognize
the State of Israel and they're listed
as a foreign terrorist organization by
the US at this point we all know what
Israel is but we should talk a bit about
their role in the current conflict to
illustrate some points about Hamas and
the support they have among Palestinians
in Gaza prior to the six-day war in 1967
Gaza was part of Egypt since then it's
been under Israeli control Israel had
settlements and bases inside of Gaza as
part of their plan to control the region
but in 2005 they changed plans moving
their people out of Gaza and setting up
a blockade instead Israel currently
controls and restricts access to travel
food water electricity gas construction
materials and other necessities this has
brought great hardship to the area and
some are calling Israeli actions a war
crime Israel sees the blockade as a way
to protect their people from Hamas and
other militant organizations there is a
case for that argument after all Israel
and Hamas have been warring off and on
since Hamas was founded in 1987 warfare
that has included things like suicide
bombings
to make matters worse there are also a
handful of other factions in the area
that see violence not politics as their
primary weapon against Israel groups
like the pIJ or a Palestinian Islamic
Jihad even if Hamas and Israel reach a
ceasefire agreement these fringe groups
may reignite the conflict this is
obviously a very heated issue with
strong feelings on both sides so please
let us know what you think in the
comments and to find out how this
conflict began click here in light of
the frequency of incidents it may be
good to focus on the conflict as a whole
instead of the recent activities so
let's go back how did this all start
remember we upload new videos five days
a week so if you found this informative
please subscribe
