if the reports about the NSA's programs
aren't being exaggerated then our
National Security Agency is the closest
thing to Big Brother the world has ever
seen even if the reports are being
overstated by just half the NSA's
surveillance measures are still well
beyond what we thought possible even 15
years ago so what happened how did the
NSA get so powerful well the NSA stems
from agencies that we created in order
to collect information about foreign
nations during World War one and World
War two they collected communications
intelligence initially radio signals and
then as technology advanced electronic
intelligence then in the Cold War those
two types of intelligence were combined
into one new term SIGINT or signal
intelligence that is what the NSA works
on collecting today SIGINT and it's an
extremely broad term it basically covers
any form of communication collected in
any way you sent it out and they can get
it it's considered SIGINT so right off
the bat the edges of what information
the NSA can and cannot look at aren't
even definable could be anything also
not defined is what the NSA has done and
is currently doing the NSA was formed by
President Harry Truman in one paragraph
at the bottom of a classified at 7 page
memorandum initially even the name of
the agency itself was classified
according to the memorandum the NSA was
established to provide an effective
unified organization and control of the
communications intelligence activities
of the United States conducted against
foreign governments in other words it
exists to spy on foreign governments the
first time the public became aware of
the NSA was during a Senate
investigation in 1975 and even then they
admitted to spying on American citizens
so the foreign government thing may not
have ever been taken all that seriously
this first incident was during the
Vietnam War when the NSA was
investigating members of the anti-war
movement people like Martin Luther King
jr. to see if they had any connections
to foreign criminals abroad the NSA had
admitted that they were spying on US
citizens but he also noted that the
spying was working it made our country
more secure Congress was alarmed by the
NSA's disregard for civil rights but
they couldn't deny how effective it was
still something had to be done
Congress wrote and passed
the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act or FISA visa established a secret
court that could issue the NSA warrants
for wiretaps and when necessary allow
surveillance to begin before the warrant
had been issued according to many
critics it was basically Congress's way
of saying keep up the good work guys if
you need anything just let us know that
you already got it and all of this was
before the terrorist attacks on 9/11
after 9/11 the Bush administration asked
the NSA to take a bigger role in
counterterrorism so the NSA started
pushing their surveillance and
information gathering even further first
they started tracking calls to and from
any nation with suspected terrorists
including calls to and from the US and
then they moved on to emails and
internet metadata from there they
started working with phone and tech
companies to get direct access to their
servers for limited surveillance and
searches but shortly after they pretty
much gave up the formalities and started
taking all the data they could from
these companies now they're monitoring
193 other nations worldwide as well as
millions of US citizens all in the name
of keeping us safe to see more
interesting information please subscribe
and find out more about presidential
power and what our commander-in-chief
can and cannot do click here now the
Supreme Court recently ruled that three
presidential appointments were made
illegally the justices unanimously
agreed that President Obama overstepped
his powers which begs the question what
powers does the executive branch
actually have thanks for watching please
let us know in the comments what you'd
like us to cover next
