Israel and Palestine are currently on
the brink of an all-out war a level of
fighting that hasn't been seen since
2012 yes that was two years ago
less than 24 months in light of the
frequency of incidents it may be good to
focus on the conflict as a whole instead
of the recent activities so let's go
back how did this all start well prior
to World War one that area was
controlled by the Ottoman Empire they
were technically Arabs but most people
living under their rule considered them
to be conquering Turks as such various
groups that wanted Arab and Israeli
independence started to emerge these
groups weren't fighting against each
other they had a common enemy the Turks
as a result they coexisted somewhat
peacefully then in World War one Britain
encouraged Arabs to organize and revolt
against the Ottomans promising them the
right to set up an Arab state after the
war the Arab world complied and started
revolting against the Ottomans in 1916
around the same time the British Foreign
Secretary Arthur James Balfour gave
official support to Britain's Jewish
community to establish a national home
for Jews in Palestine and that's where
it all began both sides thought they had
the right to establish nation in the
region so they spent the next 30 years
establishing the groundwork for those
nations Arab groups did that by fighting
against the Turks and organizing
themselves into somewhat cohesive
national identities Iran Iraq Palestine
etc the Jews did it by migrating on
masse to the area and setting up their
own economy and system for
self-governance their migration was
spurred on by hundreds of years of
Jewish persecution in Europe two world
wars and the Holocaust so Israel was
established in large part as a safe
haven for Jewish refugees during this
migration period there were conflicts
over land and territory between Jews and
Palestinians but compared to today it
was relatively calm then in 1947 Britain
and the UN finally got around to keeping
their word and allowing the Palestinians
and Jews to establish their own nations
they broke the area up with borders that
looked like this his realism the green
Palestine is in the orange the problem
was a lot of the Palestinians lived in
the area now controlled by Israel and
some Israelis lived in the area now
controlled by Palestine the Arab
world thought that Israel was infringing
on the state they were promised after
the war and Israel was already starting
to disenfranchise Palestinians who were
stuck inside their borders
in 1948 fighting broke out between
Palestinians and Israelis causing the
surrounding Arab nations to attack
Israel in an attempt to eliminate it
altogether Israel won during this
conflict over 700,000 Palestinians left
the area or were displaced and Israel
had expanded their nation to control
what is now about 78% of historic
Palestine Palestinians claim that after
the war Israel wouldn't let them return
home
forcing most of them to live in the West
Bank and the Gaza Strip both areas now
function as a home for Palestinian
refugees in the years that followed
Israel established walls to separate the
Palestinian areas out and they also
enacted laws to further establish their
Jewish state laws that by nature offered
fewer rights to non-jews they also
established a strong active military
there are way too many incidents and
military conflicts that took place after
that to recount here but the basic story
for each conflict is generally this
militant Palestinian groups or other
Arab nations use force in an attempt to
either reclaim land protests the
conditions of Palestinians under Israeli
rule or eliminate the entire nation of
Israel Israel responds by winning
militarily displacing more Palestinians
and expanding their own territory
sandwiched somewhere in there are
continual failing peace talks and an
ongoing debate about US aid to Israel
obviously this is a huge issue and we
cannot cover everything but we did
include links to more info in the
description if you found this video
informative please subscribe and
remember we have new videos five days a
week covering a variety of topics
subscribing is the best way to get those
videos to you
