the Supreme Court recently ruled that
Hobby Lobby has the right to limit what
contraceptives are offered in its
employees health care plan a decision
that some people are calling a win for
religious rights and others are calling
a loss for women's rights so what is
Hobby Lobby and what did the court
actually decide well Hobby Lobby is an
arts and crafts company based out of
Oklahoma City with more than 500
locations around the u.s. it's a
privately held corporation owned by
devout evangelical Christians they claim
that some contraceptives offered under
the Affordable Care Act are against
their religious beliefs and they didn't
want to be complicit in providing their
employees access to these birth control
measures five out of nine judges on the
Supreme Court agreed with Hobby Lobby
and ruled in their favor
still this ruling is very controversial
according to Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg
who wrote the dissent to the Supreme
Court's decision there are tons of
reasons the court should have decided
against Hobby Lobby first off what about
hobby lobby's female employees and their
freedoms doesn't this decision deny
these employees access to contraception
employees who may not even share hobby
lobby's beliefs plus the government
wasn't forcing Hobby Lobby to give their
employees contraception they were
forcing Hobby Lobby to leave that choice
up to the employees and their doctors
again making it a personal rights issue
and what about the courts ability to
stand up against other religious beliefs
in future cases Jehovah's Witnesses are
against blood transfusions Christian
Scientists are against vaccinations
what's to stop business owners with
those beliefs from taking away those
options according to Justice Ginsburg we
don't really know and she thinks that
all of these concerns should have been
taken into greater consideration so why
didn't the court vote Ginsburg's way
well there are a slew of political
reasons but there is also a legitimate
legal argument centering around the
Religious Freedom Restoration Act it
basically says that the federal
government cannot substantially burden a
person's exercise of religion even if
that burden was put into place as a
federal law in this case Hobby Lobby was
going to be burdened with huge fines for
not following the federal
put into place by the Affordable Care
Act the court upheld the Religious
Freedom Restoration Act and Hobby Lobby
one the decision was also eased along by
the fact that nonprofit organizations
were already exempt from the same
section of the Affordable Care Act that
Hobby Lobby was refusing to follow the
ruling as written only applies to those
closely held corporations or those that
have at least 50 percent of their stock
owned by five or fewer individuals and
it is limited to the contraceptives in
question and does not extend to those
other laws or religious beliefs
sorry jehovah's witnesses your beliefs
on blood transfusions aren't going to be
considered for some reason still critics
have questions why didn't the court look
into the validity of hobby lobby's
claims that the contraceptives in
question were against their religious
beliefs is the morning-after pill
technically abortion why didn't the
court reopen the question of corporate
personhood if corporations can be people
can they be religious people why didn't
they look at how this affects the rights
of women our employers qualified to
speak to issues of women's health and
should religious groups be allowed to
dictate what health care women can and
cannot have access to a lot of people
are having strong reactions to the
ruling if you're one of them let us know
what you think down below in the
comments and if you found this video
informative please subscribe we'll be
releasing new videos five days a week
and the best way to see them is by
clicking that subscribe button now if
you'd like to see another one of our
videos immediately hit the other box and
look all one up for you
you
