in India the fate of millions hang in
the balance their Supreme Court is
currently deciding whether to scrap one
of the world's oldest laws that
criminalizes gay sex knowing that your
sexuality is criminalized by the state
has a big impact on what you think about
yourself other countries like the United
States Nepal Canada and more have all
overturned their similar laws that
criminalize homosexuality could it be
India's turn to take this step I'm Judah
with now this world and today we're
going to explore the history of this
outdated law and what it's meant for the
LGBTQ community in India many say
section 377 has stripped millions of gay
people of their dignity and privacy and
has also created a hostile environment
where gay and transgender people fear
reporting things like sexual harassment
or assault because they fear they too
will be arrested even if they are
victims but it's important to note that
same-sex relations weren't always this
taboo in India for much of its
pre-colonial history the country
remained rather relaxed when it came to
depictions of same-sex love and gender
identity but that acceptance eventually
eroded due to British colonialism
section 377 can be traced back to other
British laws that policed morality it
began with the buggery Act of 1533 in
the United Kingdom that law was enacted
under King Henry the eighth and outlaw
things like anal sex and bestiality and
it essentially outlawed sexual relations
between men as a whole if someone has
found guilty under this law it would be
punishable by death that law was
repealed and replaced by the offences
against the person Act of 1828 which
widened the definition of what was
considered to be quote unnatural acts
making the prosecution of gay people
much easier if convicted victims would
serve anywhere between 10 years to life
in prison
that law which was eventually replaced
by the offences Against the Person Act
of 1861 was seen as the inspiration of
the anti gay Penal Code in India that
was written in 1838 but enacted in 1860
and even though the United Kingdom
decriminalized homosexuality in 1967 and
even legalized same-sex marriage in 2014
the country's deep-seated influence is
still felt in post-colonial states like
India today India's current law
stipulates that quote whoever
voluntarily has carnal intercourse
against the order of nature with any man
woman or animal shall be punished with
imprisonment for life or with the
imprisonment of either description for a
term which may extend to ten years and
shall also be viable to fine so while
this law typically is enforced in cases
involving men who have sex with men the
law technically can also be applied to
anyone caught having anal or even oral
sex despite its rare enforcement section
377 has had real-life consequences for
same-sex loving people in India as it's
contributed to a sense of fear among the
LGBTQ community there there are those
that don't report when they've been
victims of crimes and there are also
cases of gay people fleeing the country
and seeking asylum based on their sexual
orientation there seems to be progress
made in 2009 for the community when the
High Court of Delhi overturned the gay
sex ban in a landmark decision while the
decision only affected areas of New
Delhi not the entire country it was seen
as a major milestone for LGBTQ rights
there but it didn't last for long
immediately after the ruling a number of
conservative Christian Muslim and Hindu
groups filed an appeal of the decision
these groups won the appeal in 2013 in
the gay sex ban once again took effect
now that same court will determine
whether LGBTQ people in India will
finally be treated equally before the
law and whether or not section 377 will
become a relic of the past so what do
you all think the Supreme Court's
decision will be let me know what you
think in the comments below thanks for
watching now this world and please don't
forget to tune back every Sunday for
episodes just like this
