one of africa's longest-running
conflicts has officially ended on July
9th 2018 the East African nations of
Ethiopia and Eritrea declared the end of
their state of war and ushered in a new
era of quote peace and friendship it was
a decades-long conflict that had a huge
human cost as it also exacerbated a
famine in the 1980s that claimed the
lives of over 1 million people the
Declaration of peace wasn't just
symbolic either it had immediate
real-life consequences for people on
both sides of the border diplomatic
relations were restored flights between
the countries resumed and even phone
lines opened up allowing people in each
country to call each other for the first
time in two decades
I'm Judah this is now this world and in
this episode we're going to explore the
complicated history between these two
countries in what led to the end of this
conflict first let's take a look back in
history in 1890 Eritrea was colonized by
the Italian Empire over the next few
decades fascist Italian forces used the
territory as a launching point to attack
the Ethiopian Empire first in 1895 when
they faced defeat then again
successfully in 1935 Ethiopia Eritrea in
Italian Somaliland were combined and
became Italian East Africa but towards
the end of World War two in 1941
Ethiopian and British forces ended the
Italian occupation over the area this
move reestablished the Ethiopian Empire
while Eritrea was colonized and
controlled by the British in the 1950s
the United Nations federated or combine
the two making Eritrea an autonomous
region within Ethiopia but Haile
Selassie Ethiopia's Emperor had
different plans for the region he
ignored the UN and unilaterally annex
Eritrea in 1962 the move made Eritrea
and official province within Ethiopia
and made all Eritrean citizens Ethiopian
citizens the annexation sparked a
decades-long fight between Ethiopian
forces and AirTrain separatist groups as
Ethiopia became preoccupied with
fighting off the rebellion in Eritrea
where thousands of people were forcibly
displaced it also faced a severe famine
in the 1980s that will go on to clean
the lives of an estimated 1 million
people the horrendous images from
Ethiopia shocked the world as it easily
became one of the worst
Terry disasters of the 20th century a
few years after this mass suffering the
Eritrean People's Liberation Front or
EPO F led by esaias if worki went on to
win the war of independence from
ethiopia in 1991 in a 1993 eretrians
overwhelmingly passed a referendum for
independence and shortly after joined
the United Nations as a member state
after independence tension between the
two states east for a short time things
were so good that the Eritrean president
even told an Ethiopian newspaper in 1996
that borders between the two nations
were quote meaningless but then things
took a drastically different direction
when tensions over a disputed area of
land culminated in an outright military
conflict in May 1998 Eritrean troops
entered the heavily contested town of
botany shortly after the Ethiopian army
launched an attack on the Eritrean
forces the fighting left an estimated
80,000 people dead over the course of
two years in June 2000 but residing
years of Courts a peace agreement that
ended active hostilities but the two
remained that odds over botany the
agreement established a neutral Boundary
Commission to determine borders between
the two countries but in April 2002 when
the Commission determined the town
belonged to Eritrea Ethiopia rejected
the decision this initiated a stalemate
that lasted for nearly two decades but
then things very recently shifted in a
major way in April 2000 18a biamed came
to power in Ethiopia the 41 year old is
one of Africa's youngest leaders and has
made a few reforms since gaining power
he pardoned political prisoners and
rollback censorship of over 200 websites
blogs and television stations but the
most shocking of them all was op meds
announcement that he would fully accept
and implement the 2000 peace treaty with
Eritrea officially ending a war that he
had even fought in himself an Eritrea
was on board on July 9th 2018 and Air
trace capitalist Mara the two leaders
released a joint statement saying they
were quote determined to close this very
costly chapter which also had a
detrimental role in the Horn of Africa
and to make up for the lost
opportunities and create even bigger
golden opportunities for their peoples
some Ethiopians have even compared this
opening relations to the falling of the
Berlin
wall that's because since independence
Eritrea has become an increasingly
isolated and totalitarian state under a
four keys regime which has been in place
since 1993 his government's policies of
indefinite military service which some
blame on the 20-year war with Ethiopia
the cracking down on any and all
political opposition in the widespread
violation of human rights had created a
mass exodus of young eretrians during
the height of the European migration
crisis and Ethiopia has faced a number
of human rights issues at home itself
according to Human Rights Watch just
since 2015 over a thousand people were
killed and tens of thousands more
detained for protesting government
policies and there remains extensive
restrictions on freedom of expression
and press freedom in the country but
some human rights groups have expressed
that they are hopeful that this new era
of peace will lead to human rights
reforms in both countries
so despite it taking quite some time to
achieve this latest diplomatic
breakthrough is certainly something
worth celebrating so what do you think
will this newfound peace between the
countries lasts or will it be
short-lived
let me know what you think in the
comments below thanks for watching now
this world and make sure to check back
every Sunday for brand-new episodes just
like this
