pootin almost got away with hosting the
world cup without any major incidents
but then for members of Pussy Riot took
the field during the final game between
France and Croatia interrupting gameplay
and high-fiving the French superstar in
Bombay before getting tackled by police
those watching the game live couldn't
tell exactly what was going on the
cameras panned away quickly but later
that day the famous protest group known
as Pussy Riot took responsibility for
the interruption
kalenna a performance titled policeman
enters the game the group of four were
making a statement about the police
state in Russia and the treatment of
political prisoners wearing police
uniforms as part of the performance
they ran onto the field under the eyes
of President Putin himself who attended
the final as writer masha gessen said
Pussy Riot became the only people to
make a meaningful statement about
Russian politics during the World Cup
the protest came on the eve of the Trump
Putin summit and was quickly
overshadowed by the mind-boggling news
of that press conference but while this
was all happening the four protesters
were sentenced to 15 days in jail each
and some got a three year ban from
attending sporting events they released
a video emphasizing their point the
World Cup has shown very well how well
Russian policemen can behave they said
referring to how for the most part
Russian police didn't do their usual
cracking down of protesters but then
they continued what will happen when it
ends
Pussy Riot first rose to prominence with
their infamous Cathedral performance
back in 2012 for which their members
were sentenced to two years in prison 15
days in jail may seem like a short
sentence compared to that but the
Russian policeman hardly behaved well
when they detained the world-cup
protesters
according to videos published on social
media and a translation by the
independent Russian news outlet Medusa a
policeman accused the protesters of
taking a shit on Russia pussy riots
response no we are for Russia their
point often heard among protesters here
in the u.s. is that dissent is patriotic
the policeman went on to say that he
sometimes regrets were not still in 1937
a year when Stalinist purges and arrests
and executions of political dissidents
were common
that makes Pussy Riot list of demands
all the more relevant they released one
explaining the protests that included
bullet points like let all political
prisoners free stop illegal arrests at
rallies and allowed political
competition in the country to hear more
about what Pussy Riot is all about we
spoke to one of the founding members
Masha Alyokhina over the course of a car
ride she told us about the philosophy
behind their protest how the group is
pretty open to anyone who wants to speak
up and what she really thinks of Trump
and Putin Donald Trump made his first
visit to Washington
not diseases
Allegiant idiot I'm very similar
and what we had
expect that he
did you expect it
we use show more Muslims these are
people that nobody knows who they are we
better be careful
yeah trauma can be with less than four
united states too
fight you forward what they
the circus there are like archetypes of
two clowns like the funny one with like
red hair and red nose and I think Trump
is kind of that and another clown is
right here and he's always said like
this I think what our similarities with
that's good two clowns in the circus
no more fat pigs so what is your advice
to Americans what should they be
prepared for for my opinion one of the
main kind of basic problems is
indifference of people when they decide
that somebody else will will come and
save everybody from from evil it's not
working like that you should do what you
can every day if you want changes and do
not censor yourself because I think
self-censorship is really what they want
and all of that starts with like classic
censorship in media
no public space in our sphere as well
everybody can be pushed rioted anyone
can do an action trap will make America
great again hey guys thanks for watching
the rush of death be sure to comment on
this video and let us know what your
questions are about Pussy Riot or other
protests in Russia and be sure to follow
our page and like the Russia desk for
more videos like this thanks for
watching
