Nelson Mandela is hailed by many as the
father of modern South Africa he was the
first black and democratically elected
president in the country and his
transformative principles helped bring
down apartheid under which there was
institutionalized racial segregation and
sanctioned discrimination against the
black majority population as well as
South Africa's colored and Asian
communities apartheid laws classified
races into four categories black
coloured Asians and white and
consolidated all the power and control
under the white minority and although
Mandela was reluctant to ally with other
races at first seeing people from other
races like fellow anti-apartheid
activist on medaka throught a risk their
lives to fight oppression helped to
change his mind
I'm versa this is now this world and for
the 100th anniversary of Nelson
Mandela's birth we wanted to explore the
political leaders legacy in South Africa
from the early days of his presidency to
where it stands today but before we get
into Mandela's leadership struggle we
need to paint a picture of the
conditions that most South Africans
faced under apartheid apartheid which
translates from Afrikaans to mean
apartness or separateness was legally
implemented in 1948 following decades of
systemic oppression against non-white
South Africans which began during
colonial rule it codified racism into
law new laws forced black people out of
urban areas and into underdeveloped
Bantu stands or homelands preventing
them from gaining full South African
citizenship and non-white citizens were
prohibited from doing things like
marrying white citizens brutal apartheid
laws systematically deprived black Asian
and colored citizens of basic human
rights equal freedom of mobility quality
education and the opportunity to work
Mandela spent years as a young
revolutionary fighting these very
systems
fire one franchise on the basis of one
man one moved there one wanted to call
independence in fact Mandela was
arrested more than once in the 50s and
60s after helping to form the youth
committee of the African National
Congress or ANC and working to fight
segregation in the hopes of creating a
quote non-racial democratic South Africa
he spent almost three decades in prison
continuing his efforts to overturn
apartheid and create a society for black
South Africans to live work marry and
travel freely and despite several offers
of release if he denounced violence
Mandela declined them all asked him
instead that South Africa's leaders
dismantle apartheid and free those who
had been imprisoned fighting against it
in 1990 after spending 27 and a half
years imprisoned Mandela was released he
was elected president four years later
in 1994 when South Africa held its first
election where citizens of all races
could vote we have had a good fight
but now this is the time to heal the old
roots and to build a new cirhappy so my
challenge really is a very important
role you know for posterity was to bring
blacks who were skeptical about white
synthetic intentions and why she was
skeptical and fearful of blacks and the
black government to bring them together
if madela
did not do that we most probably would
have had a much longer period before the
end of a party that's William goo met a
professor and author in Johannesburg who
has edited a collection of Nelson
Mandela's writings he managed the
transition from a parcei to democracy
some credited then President FW de Klerk
for spearheading the vote to repeal
unjust apartheid laws which until 1991
still allocated 87% of land to white
owners but it was Mandela who had been
working both on the front
and then behind the scenes for decades
even meeting secretly with government
officials to discuss a peaceful
transition to end apartheid these
meetings bridge the gap between the ANC
and the right-wing National Party
Mandela's presidency essentially marked
a formal end to apartheid and a new
beginning for South Africa his vision of
a true democracy went beyond free and
fair elections he argued consistently
for a National Bill of Rights an
independent and impartial judicial
system and the separation of powers in
government these ideals translated into
the Constitution that he signed two
years into his presidency in 1996 the
new constitution signed on international
human rights day included a 32 article
Bill of Rights dedicated to enshrine
basic human rights to all many of which
were previously kept from black South
Africans it established among other
things majority rule full nationality
from birth freedom of expression and
belief the right to strike and freedom
of movement Mandela also formed the
Truth and Reconciliation Commission to
help expose human rights abuses from
apartheid sometimes granting amnesty to
perpetrators of crimes who testified and
reparations to victims the day straw
read was accepted as legitimate it is
suffering was accepted as legitimate and
they provided us to bassists to build a
new South Africa he also worked to lift
black citizens out of poverty
implementing a series of policies
focused on redistributing income
strengthening the economy and the
privatization of state enterprises these
policies are often credited with helping
to form a small black middle class
Mandela even managed to reconcile racial
tensions through sports in one of the
country's first major events as a
democracy he made a show of support at
the 1995 Rugby World Cup cheering on the
mostly white players alongside thousands
of white fans Mandela even sported the
team's Jersey and shook hands with the
captain
South Africa ended up winning the game
by the time he left office in 1999 South
Africa was unrecognizable compared to
the country it was when he first entered
prison in 1964 although there were still
traces of apartheid significant
political strides had been made
experts often attribute much of
Mandela's success as a political leader
to his level-headedness and willingness
to compromise and be fair I have fought
very firmly against white domination I
have fought very firmly against black
domination I cherish the idea of a new
South Africa where all South Africans
but some critics argued that this was
Mandela's way of selling out to white
folks in government whereas in
neighbouring Zimbabwe the government
authorized seizing land from white
farmers and giving it to black citizens
as a form of reparations for years of
colonial rule in South Africa much of
the wealth and land remained in the
hands of white elites some even contend
that apartheid never truly ended because
of the social mechanisms that still
disenfranchise people of color in South
Africa today if he had try to not
compromise or if you try to hold on any
longer
we may also have seen you know a
black/white violent so he had the in
Johanna t2 instinct political instincts
and the maturity to understand that he
had two major compromises currently the
World Bank ranked South Africa the most
unequal country in the world in terms of
income inequality and there are still
clear racial disparities along the
income line only about 10 percent of the
working population is white but white
South Africans make nearly 3 times the
average wage of black Africans who make
up about 75% of the labor force despite
Mandela's dreams of an equal society and
the policies that he instituted to
achieve it
some experts say the ANC successors like
Tabo and Becky and Jacob Zuma didn't
live up to Mandela's legacy it didn't
help
for example that Thabo and Becky's AIDS
denialism led to over 300,000 deaths and
Jacob Zuma was embroiled and allegations
of corruption money laundering and rape
despite the criticism he's faced
Mandela's legacy continues to loom large
in his home country and around the world
from world leaders to everyday citizens
Nelson Mandela reminds us that it always
seems impossible until it is done so
they have the cachet that is true set up
the shows we can change it's wonderful
and it's amazing to know that you know
he's been with us for a long time and he
has passed on for quite some time now
but his legacy is still alive we still
continue with it we still keep his
spirit alive today South Africa's newest
president cyril ramaphosa
one of Mandela's longtime protegees says
he's committed to really in the country
of corruption scandals but it remains to
be seen whether he can live up to
carrying on Mandela's legacy all of the
individuals matter and I think that is
what when Bella's story tells us have
you heard of the Mandela effect it's the
phenomenon used to describe when there's
a collective misremembering of an event
the term was popularized by a blogger
who discovered that many people wrongly
believed Mandela died in prison so is
there something else about Mandela's
legacy that you think people often get
wrong let us know in the comments
