the chechen war was a one big military
crime I was a soldier that war I saw a
lot of things and I know what I'm
talking about that war was a huge crime
and what has begun I would call it
dehumanizing and they were saying that
Chechens were not human beings they're
murderers and they need to be killed
they need to be destroyed that
propaganda campaign was Unleashed it was
feeding the hatred so that thing worked
this mechanism was employed and it has
been employed during the entire time mr.
Putin is in power
I was always interested to investigate
how back in the 1930s the German
population agreed to mass killings of
people and burning them in furnaces so
the country goes crazy people are ready
to kill and if you talk to a person and
he turns a blind eye to you he doesn't
hear your reasons it looks like a person
you are talking to was drugged and he
can't accept the reality that mechanism
was used so many times for instance
during aggression against Georgia I also
attended that war the propaganda machine
was used in the same way they were also
saying that Georgians not human beings
that they're fascists they need to be
killed they attacked us it was a huge
propaganda campaign then in future it
peaked during annexation of the Crimea
when Putin occupied the Crimea then he
occupied Dunbar's both parts of Ukraine
I always say that the most important
weapon at the hands of mr. Putin is not
submarines or missiles
it's the propaganda it's the Zombo box
the box which produces zombies I think
that mr. Gables is applauding mr. Putin
in his coffin in those times they only
had newspapers now there is also TV and
the TV signal goes straight into the
brain of the people after me but mr.
Putin understood the power of television
right away and he used that mechanism
the use of TV and the use of hatred is
the foundation of the government today
so the first way the Chechens then all
the immigrants
then LGBT community then the Georgians
then the Ukrainians then it was moved
against the Liberals and now it is
targeting the whole world it's not an
invention perhaps for you that today for
Russia America is the biggest enemy this
mechanism is working it's dangerous and
I left Russia I escaped from Russia for
years I was waiting for an arrest
and that's a very hard thing to
experience I would expect an arrest
every day I would be afraid to go to the
entrance of my building I was afraid
that they would beat me on my head and
if there was some noise outside I would
look out of the window and see whether
or not they came for me they were
watching me they were opening criminal
cases against me so this mechanism is
working so Putin came to power not
because of the Second Chechen war it was
just a consequence he came to power
because he was successful in
dehumanizing the entire country people
were told that moral norms are abandoned
there are no more laws that you can kill
that you can be bad that you may not
value human life and this is something
which feeds today's regime so the
purpose is not to go up not to develop a
human being but to suppress and it's the
most important thing one should
understand about this regime in the
country and now this is thrusted outside
a few years ago it was seen a four day
and it was targeted inside the country
now it is targeted outside
against the whole world that's the truth
well I could speak about that for weeks
unfortunately my time is up thank you
very much for your attention
you
