tensions between Mexico and the United
States are at an all-time high President
Donald Trump has threatened a 20 percent
import tax on Mexican goods in order to
make Mexico pay for a border wall some
senators even including Trump's
Republican counterparts like Lindsey
Graham have opposed the idea of a tariff
considering the toll it would take on
both American and Mexican citizens for
starters Mexico is highly reliant on the
United States as an importer of goods
and not just agriculturally as some
believe in 2016 the three largest
Mexican exports for the United States
were electrical machinery and equipment
nuclear reactors and motor vehicles
together the US and Mexico make up more
than half a trillion dollars a year in
bilateral trade and a restrictive tax
could potentially cripple the Mexican
economy but it would also cripple the US
economy at least in the short term and
make things more complicated and more
expensive in almost every area of an
American consumers life for example
let's say you drive down to the local
supermarket to pick up a bacon lettuce
tomato and avocado sandwich the car
you're driving to the store is
potentially built with a large number of
Mexican made parts in 2016
about 35 percent of the Chevrolet Malibu
was made with imported parts and Mexico
is the top foreign supplier of car parts
to the United States this is despite
Chevrolet being owned by General Motors
a classically American car company with
a high tariffs on these parts the US
will have to increase trade with
countries like China which is already
the USA's largest trade partner or if
that proves too expensive the US would
have to set up the same manufacturing
plants domestically which could increase
the cost of american-made cars and that
sandwich you bought it wouldn't be as
cheap or possibly even available without
low tax trade with Mexico most avocados
for example don't come from the United
States about two-thirds of avocados are
imported and 90% of those come from
Mexico it's unlikely that US producers
would be able to match the output of
Mexican farms at least not at first
as a newly planted avocado tree takes
about four to five years to bear fruit
the bacon in the BLT a is another cause
for concern Mexico imports 83 percent of
America's exported slaughter hogs which
are pigs bred specifically for food
Mexico can easily bump up its own
tariffs or simply look elsewhere for
meat which would force pig farmers in
the u.s. to find a new importer for
nearly all
their excess livestock as for the tomato
well it isn't as big of a problem to
grow them in the United States it may
not be their price but their quality
that'll suffer many American tomato
growers are located in Florida the
second largest producer in the United
States
Florida suffers from regular heavy rains
which degrades the quality of tomatoes
on the vine as they ripen meanwhile
Mexican tomatoes are grown in sunshine
on cheaper land using cheaper labor and
all of this is ignoring the ability to
buy the Mexican source sandwich to begin
with supermarkets have enormous overhead
paying for staff refrigeration
electricity shipping and so on which
they're only able to sustain by selling
cheap goods at a higher price a tax on
Mexico will mean that prices will have
to rise and supermarkets may have to
find new sources some of these stores
may not even survive a price increase
after President Trump threatened the tax
stock market shares of supermarkets
dropped showing that investors may be
less interested in the hassle and that
may come with Trump's tax and investment
isn't all one-sided firstly American
businesses have invested billions in
Mexico to facilitate a vast network of
trade just in 2013 General Motors
invested more than half a billion
dollars in manufacturing plants in
Mexico should Trump's tax become law
it's possible that this plant will
become unsustainable
without regular imports to the US and on
the other hand Mexican investments in
the US have doubled in the past decade
these foreign direct investments fuel
more than 120,000 jobs and contribute
sixteen point six billion dollars to the
US economy any of the US president's
plans seem to end badly for Mexico's
economy but will also implicitly hurt
the US economy alongside American
consumers who have come to rely on a
mutually beneficial relationship with
their neighbors President Donald Trump's
trade plans have also put the future of
the North American Free Trade Agreement
in doubt which could further complicate
trade between the u.s. and Mexico
Mexico's role in the US economy is often
overlooked but it is without question a
crucial part that the country equals
struggle to replace countries around the
world go to extremes to improve their
economic standing in Myanmar mining a
precious stone accounts for half of the
country's GDP watch this video from
seeker stories to learn more about the
human cost the Jade industry and make
sure to subscribe to seeker stories for
more Nova
