right now there are a hundred and ninety
five countries on earth but over the
last few decades the world has witnessed
the birth of a few new nations East
Timor split away from Indonesia and
gained sovereignty in 2002 in South
Sudan became the world's newest nation
in 2011 but for every successful bid at
nationhood there's also many more failed
attempts think of Catalonia or Iraqi
Kurdistan's dramatic bid for
independence just last year these
examples got us thinking about other
in-betweener states hey guys I'm Judah
this is now this world and today we're
going to talk about just a few of the
dozens of partially recognized states
around the globe first on our list is AB
Kezia
- most of the world Abkhazia is a region
inside of the country Georgia it's
located near the Black Sea shares a
border with Russia and is home to more
than 250,000 people who mostly speak up
cause or Russian geography aside
Abkhazia splittable situation is closely
tied to Russia when the USSR was in full
swing and Georgia was a Soviet republic
Abkhazia enjoyed autonomous status
things weren't ideal but at least the
region had some form of self-rule under
the Soviets but in April 1991 Georgia
declared independence its first leader
was a fervent nationalist who pledged to
assert control over Abkhazia and other
autonomous regions like South Ossetia
months later the USSR officially
collapsed and by 1992 tensions were high
in Abkhazia as countries like Georgia
attempted to redraw the lines of Eastern
Europe but between 1992 and 1993
Abkhazia and Georgia fought a bloody
conflict ethnic up cause with the help
from Russia fought for independence
while Georgia fought to secure its
territory the 16 month war led to
thousands of deaths on both sides the
hundreds of thousands more were
displaced from their homes ultimately a
ceasefire was declared and Georgian
forces were expelled from the territory
six years later they declared
independence today the state is
recognised by only a few other countries
including Russia Nicaragua and Venezuela
another region that voice support for
our cause is Independence was Northern
Cyprus which is another partially
recognised state internationally
speaking the island of Cyprus is
considered one country but in reality
it's the
ethnic lines the northern third of the
Mediterranean island which refers to
itself as the Turkish Republic of
Northern Cyprus is as you guessed it
ethnically Turkish while the rest of the
island is Greek Cyprus gained
independence from Britain in 1960 like
many other post-colonial situations
ethnic tensions flared once the
occupiers left as things got worse in
1964 the UN sent and peacekeepers to the
island to prevent Turks and Greeks from
fighting each other but in 1974
supporters of Greek unification staged
an unsuccessful coup Turkey then invaded
the island claiming it needed to protect
ethnic Turks from Greek domination
Turkish forces took control of 37% of
the island and kicked out 200,000 Greeks
from the northern portion the island has
been divided ever since on November 15th
1983 the Turkish Republic of Northern
Cyprus officially declared independence
but here's the thing only Turkey
recognizes the north as a separate state
and has about 40,000 troops stationed
there over the years the UN has passed
several resolutions to maintain the
island as a single country but while
both sides have discussed reunification
the last round of talks collapsed late
last year so it seems like Northern
Cyprus will remain not only onion off'
ID but also unrecognized the last
example will touch on in today's episode
is Somaliland which is a region located
in the northernmost part of somalia it
declared independence from Somalia
almost 27 years ago but unlike Abkhazia
or Northern Cyprus no other country
legally recognizes its sovereignty
despite this lack of acknowledgement by
the international community
Somaliland continues to thrive against
all odds
Somaliland separated itself from Somalia
following the country's brutal civil war
on May 18 1991 Somali lands claim to
statehood simms from the fact that it
was sovereign for a short period of time
following independence from Britain in
1960 the territory has also done a
pretty good job at acting like an
independent country in the years since
independence it has a government for the
people by the people its own currency
its own military and police force and
perhaps more importantly it has control
over its own plan
it's definitely not a perfect situation
however there remain violent disputes
over territory with some parts of
Somalia and there are reports that the
terrorist organization al-shabaab has
sleeper cells in Somaliland despite its
relative success some experts say that
both international and domestic actors
like the African Union don't want
Somaliland to become a recognized state
due to the potential domino effect it
could have across Africa so the thought
process is basically if Somalian gained
sovereignty what's stopping the dozens
of other areas in the continent from
seeking independence - so as we saw with
these three examples regions often have
very different reasons for seeking
independence but very few of them
actually achieve full international
recognition so which region do you think
will become the world's 196th country
let us know in the Pin comment below
thanks for watching now this world and
please don't forget to Like and
subscribe
