Morocco usually doesn't come to mind
when you think of turmoil instability
and war the North African country is
known for its ancient city's iconic
markets and associations with the Beat
poets but what if I told you the country
was actually involved in an oft
forgotten decades-long conflict in
Western Sahara one that has cost
thousands of lives but never seems to
grab headlines like Libya Egypt or Sudan
Western Sahara is a territory located in
the northwest coast of Africa bordered
by Morocco Mauritania and Algeria
Western Sahara is about the size of
Colorado and home to roughly 600,000
people most of whom are ethnically
Saharawi true to its name Western Sahara
is mostly a dry and inhospitable desert
but it is rich in a phosphate deposits
and it has access to offshore fishing
grounds as of now the area is 85%
controlled by Morocco but Morocco's
claim to the territory is contested by
the homegrown liberation movement known
as the Polisario Front how did it all
start to understand we have to rewind
all the way back to the post-world War
two ERA and the decolonization of Africa
in the 1950s France and Spain began to
give up their colonial holdings in North
Africa and the Sahel a new country
started to take shape still with quite a
lot of influence from the imperial
powers suddenly you had newly free
nations like Morocco eyeing the
territorial borders set up by the former
colonizers and wondering why those
borders needed to be respected a year
after it gained its independence Morocco
laid claim to Spanish control in Western
Sahara at the United Nations in 1957 the
UN took over the case in 1965 the body
called on Spain to formally decolonize
the territory once and for all over the
next eight years the General Assembly
adopted seven resolutions on Western
Sahara
each reiterating the territories right
to self-determination it was at this
time in 1973 that the Polisario Front
was formed at first the Saharawi
insurgency fought against the Spanish
occupiers and pursuit of independence
but the situation drastically changed in
1975 when Moroccan king hassan ii defied
a hague ruling that was in favour of
west Aharon self-determination pink
assam launched what he called the green
march on november 6th the kingdom's
staked its claim to the territory as
some 350,000 unarmed Moroccans crossed
into Western Sahara the March pressured
Spain to cede Western Sahara to Morocco
and Mauritania though Mauritania would
give up its claim in 1979 the move was
condemned by the UN and eventually
triggered the Western Sahara war this
phase of war lasted from 1975 to 1991
when the Polisario Front waging a
violent guerrilla struggle against the
moroccan army the conflict was bloody
especially during the early part of the
war but the number of casualties
experienced on both sides is hard to
determine due to unreliable reporting
some put the final death toll at 20,000
people the conflict has led to the
displacement of thousands of sera ways
some of whom still reside in refugee
camps in southwest Algeria
after almost two decades of fighting the
UN finally brokered a ceasefire in 1991
but the ceasefire was based on a
referendum that hasn't been held yet so
the territory status remains undecided
as Morocco still maintains its presence
and since then several ceasefire
violations have been reported the UN has
recently tried to kick-start new peace
talks but progress is moving at a
sluggish pace so for now the conflict in
Western Sahara languishes as the world
continues to avert its gaze so what are
the conflicts in the world that did
capture much of the attention in 2017
find out in this next video that's
recapping the year in global war and
civil conflicts thanks for watching now
this world and don't forget to Like and
subscribe for more videos every week
