last month the European Union took an
unprecedented step against Poland one of
its member states the Union invoked its
strongest sanctions against the country
which could strip it of its voting
rights within the bloc of Nations the
move is so extreme that many foreign
policy experts have even called it the e
use diplomatic nuclear option but what
led to this historic decision and what
exactly does it mean for everyone
involved
first let's start with the move by the
European Union on December 20th 2017 the
European Commission which is the
executive weighing responsible for
implementing laws in the EU announced
that it was triggering article 7 of the
union's treaty the action was a big deal
to because it was the first time it had
ever been used in history article 7 was
created to prevent nations in the Union
from adopting policies that threaten
democratic institutions like legislative
or judicial branches of government to be
implemented the measure has two key
parts that must be approved first after
the motion has been triggered it has to
be approved by four fifths of all union
members and have the backing of the
European Parliament after that the
European Council gives the nation in
question of formal warning and
recommendations the nation then has
three months to respond before EU
members have to unanimously vote to
launch sanctions and suspend the nations
voting rights that makes it pretty hard
for these types of measures to go into
effect so while the triggering of
article 7 remains historic and could
lead to sanctions against Poland it's
pretty much seen as just a symbolic
gesture by the EU but why Poland and why
now the step came as Poland's parliament
approved new controversial laws that
could limit the Independence of the
judicial branch the laws have been seen
as a consolidation of power for the
nations right wing law and justice party
which currently holds the most seats in
parliament and the presidency the
judicial reforms would essentially allow
a ruling party to select lower-level
judges and dismiss many of the nation's
Supreme Court judges that is what the
European Union has a problem with they
say this type of political interference
where the judicial branch is a risk to
the rule of law which is a fundamental
value of the European Union sadly our
concerns have deepened within a period
of two years a significant numbers of
laws have been adopted 13 in total which
puts
risk the independence of the judiciary
and the separation of powers in Poland
since the law and Justice Party came to
power in 2015
they've adopted multiple laws that have
affected the judicial branch the EU even
warned Poland's president that it might
trigger the nuclear option if he signed
the bills into law which he did anyway
this all brings us back to the reaction
and whether this will have a lasting
impact on Poland and the European Union
while many EU members have voted to take
the measure against Poland not all
members plan on supporting the
implementation of article 7 Hungary
another Central European country that
has faced criticism from the EU over its
right-wing populist policies has said it
plans to veto the union's action and
since the next phase of implementation
requires a unanimous vote by the
European Union members the action is
pretty much dead in the water
meaning Poland's law justice parties
consolidation of power appears to be set
to continue at least for the near future
the recent laws passed by Poland's law
and justice party really shouldn't come
as a surprise since a gained power in
2015 the nation has become increasingly
nationalistic but what other countries
around the world have seen a rise in
nationalism last year find out in this
video to the right thanks for watching
now this world and please don't forget
to Like and subscribe for more every
week
