Hondurans voted to elect a new president
in late November but they didn't
officially have one for nearly three
weeks
although the election was about a month
ago thousands of protesters have been in
the streets refusing to accept the
results claiming corruption and fraud at
least 24 people have died during the
violent clashes the country was split by
a razor-thin margin in a contest between
two completely different candidates and
incumbent president allied to the US and
a TV host and first-time candidate so
what do we know about the current
political chaos going on in one of the
most important countries in the northern
triangle and how can Honduran move
forward amid this tension politically
Honduras hasn't been shaking this bad
since their 2009 coup the people in the
streets are mostly the supporters of the
opposition celebrity-like candidate
Salvador nazriya who lost although in
his Twitter bio he's declared himself as
a winner and president until 2022 the
officially winning candidate was
president when Orlando Hernandez except
that's being contested suspecting frog
the Organization of American States has
called for a redo election and the
results were so close that international
experts say it's impossible to actually
know which candidate won nasrallah from
the opposition alliance against
dictatorship has gained a lot of support
in between his celebrity status and
extroverted personality he knows how to
gather and work big crowds but has no
political background sound familiar
nasrallah has someone powerful in his
corner though male Sailaja he's a former
president of Honduras who had alliances
with leaders like Igor Chavez and Fidel
Castro Solana was overthrown in 2009
when he tried to change the constitution
in order to get himself reelected now
the declared winner president Juan
Orlando Hernandez has been president of
Honduras since 2009 he is the first
president ever to run for a second term
I spoke to the former Latin America
advisor for Vice President Biden so he
could break it down for
condor president one Orlando Hernandez
is is actually the leader what's called
the National Party since he assumed
office he was originally the Speaker of
the House and then was elected following
the ouster of President mallaiah
Juan Orlando Hernandez advanced changes
that would allow for his re-election so
that's that's something where I think
that is where the process first begins
to break down because there's a lot of
debate over whether or not that change
should have happened and and actually
the process by which that change was
made so that's the first it with the
election this is one of the reasons to
Nasrallah supporters are so pissed off
with the election results now remember
Nasrallah supporters are also szeliga
supporters and Sailaja was overthrown in
2009 because he sought reelection but
that just wasn't the way things were
done in Honduras running for a second
term was against the law until whenever
Mendes came along and changed the
Constitution in 2015 so that he could
run again so when this has flaws but on
the other hand his accomplishments have
been praised by the US in terms of
security and the economy it's actually
because of his leadership that the
Alliance for Prosperity in the northern
triangle was begun which is this broad
scale initiative where the United States
provided 750 million dollars in in 2017
support those effort well though he's
been actually not only the United States
there's got a lot of criticism from the
human rights community wouldn't there
have been violence against human rights
advocates for example there was murder
of murder of a very recognized
environmental activist varicosities and
there are allegations and rumors that
the security forces may have had
something to do with
so on election day the results showed
Atlantis had won with 42 point 95
percent of the votes while Nasrallah
lost with 41 point 42 percent that's a
margin of just 1 point 5 3 percent
supporters of Nevada believe the
election had been stolen and
demonstrated their anger in nationwide
protests then there was a recount in
December where Atlantis was officially
pronounced the winner protests continued
now the Organization of American States
are calling for a redo of the whole
election suspecting white spray
irregularities and how the vote was
conducted I think the I think the reason
and Durin's are protesting largely is
because you have a very divided society
in Honduras and many hundreds do not
support the election but I think a lot
of it is also because it's such a
polarized society you'll have you'll
have individuals at the line across
party lines as well as somebody who has
national recognition this is celebrity
it has that appeal at a very popular
very popular show
he's been inconsistent in what he
actually offers an alternative but he
has also run like many populist in the
region have run on an anti-corruption
campaign that will address you know some
of the the lack of opportunity and and
the concentration of wealth in the
country
soon after the election the US State
Department declared admin this as the
winner and urged opposition protesters
to resolve their differences peacefully
ignoring the democratic concerns of
fraud and corruption of some Honduran
people the steps that the United States
and the Honduran government should take
is essentially open the doors be totally
transparent and find some sort of
resolution
otherwise you may have continued
protests and you may actually have a
situation where Honduras loses the
support of the US Congress so far the US
Mexico Guatemala and Colombia have all
recognized Atlantis as a president-elect
and he's scheduled to be sworn in in
late January 2018 with only half of the
population on his side
why it does the us's voice in the
Honduran election matters so much well
it might be the world's only superpower
check out this video to the right to
learn what defines the country as a
superpower thanks for watching now this
world don't forget to Like and subscribe
for more videos like this every week
