wars and conflicts are no new phenomenon
they have the power to damage destroy
and even liberate people in some cases
in 2017 it seemed like there were new
conflicts arising everyday or continuing
conflicts that just kept getting worse
so as the year comes to a close we
wanted to look back at some of the most
crucial violent and often underreported
conflicts from around the world first on
our list is the two-year old civil war
in Yemen that eventually turned into a
regional proxy war between Saudi Arabia
and Iran fighting and air strikes in the
country have left it in ruins as Yemen's
powerful neighbor to the north Saudi
Arabia continues to bomb and block it
off from the rest of the world
Saudi Arabia started its air campaign
there in 2015 to crack down on few
rebels that are backed by Iran the
conflict is one of the most devastating
of the year with at least 10,000 people
being reported dead and a quarter of
humans 28 million citizens starving some
are even calling the situation in Yemen
the largest humanitarian disaster in the
world the conflict and lack of aid has
also created the largest cholera
outbreak in modern history with almost 1
million cases being reported in 2017 an
SS year comes to an end it's hard to
imagine that this complex and
devastating conflict will be resolved
anytime soon next on our list is the
little-known conflict that sprung up in
the Philippine city of meroe last May
the conflict broke out after an Isis
aligned militant group the multi took
over the city after government forces
tried and failed to capture Isis's point
person in the Philippines is kneel on
happy one the takeover prompted a harsh
government response the country's
hardline populist president Rodrigo
Duterte launched a military assault on
the multi he sent troops into the
streets and dropped bombs on merawi a
Muslim majority city and an
overwhelmingly Roman Catholic country to
clear it from the militant group
Duterte also declared martial law on the
entire island of Mindanao where Marawi
city is located affecting more than 20
million people according to human rights
groups over 360,000 people from the city
and surrounding areas have also been
displaced within just one month of the
fighting starting the siege officially
ended on October 18th after the military
claimed to kill tapi lon in another
militant leader
officials say that nine hundred and
twenty militants 165 soldiers and 47
civilians were killed in the conflict
but rights groups say that the civilian
toll
is probably much higher than that but
now it's fighting subsides in the city
that lays in ruins anger is growing
among residents against not only the MAL
t but also the government for its
heavy-handed approach the sentiment is
creating what some are saying is a prime
environment for extremists recruiting
government officials even confirm that
the multi are still actively recruiting
Marawi another key conflict in 2017 that
saw significant moments was the war
against Isis in Iraq and Syria both of
the countries have been struggling with
the militant group since 2014 fighting
intensified in both countries for years
as a terror group controlled major
cities like Mosul in Iraq and Raqqa and
Syria but in 2017 that finally changed
in June of this year Iraq had its first
major victory against Isis recapturing
Mosul the group's de facto capital in
the country months later in October the
group also lost its Syrian de facto
capital Raqqa the us-backed forces after
these losses the group's area of control
between the two countries has greatly
diminished
just weeks ago Iraq even said that it's
now officially liberated from Isis to
put it simply 2017 was a year Isis began
to lose another conflict that has
gripped the headlines in 2017 was the
Burmese military's targeting of the row
Hank of people but who are the row hinga
and why are they fleeing from Myanmar
find out in this video right here thanks
for watching now this world and as
always don't forget to Like and
subscribe for more every week
