a diplomatic crisis is shaking the Arab
world a rift between Saudi Arabia and
its tiny neighbor to the east Qatar goes
back decades but recently reached a
boiling point in 2017 Saudi Arabia and
other Sunni Arab nations cut all
diplomatic relations with Qatar the
nations led by the Saudis claimed Qatar
as a supporter of terrorist groups in
the region and has repeatedly
interjected itself into their internal
relations but what started this recent
rift between Saudi Arabia and Qatar and
why do the countries have such a
complicated relationship the tensions go
back decades
when Qatar declared independence from
Britain in 1971 after becoming a state
Qatar and Saudi Arabia had a
long-standing border dispute that was
only settled in 2001 but more
importantly one key source of conflict
between the countries was the launching
of satellite TV network al-jazeera
in 1996 although it was funded by Hamad
bin Khalifa al-thani the former Emir of
Qatar the network was established as an
independent news channel in the Middle
East the Saudis and other governments
see Al Jazeera's reporting as a source
of politically motivated instability in
the region this fear among Arab
governments became a reality in 2011
with the beginning of the Arab Spring
the movement was a wave of mass
political protests in the region that
called for government reforms and
longtime dictators to step down Saudi
Arabia was also not immune to such
protests a small region in Saudi
Arabia's East called Kotov has
experienced mass unrest over the last
few decades cultivates a primarily Shia
region in the Sunni country that has
been violently suppressed especially in
the wake of recent protests the Arab
Spring which was widely reported on al
Jazeera during the time and supported by
the government of Qatar let's the
ousting of multiple leaders in the
region
Tunisia's president fled his country and
sought safe haven in Saudi Arabia
Egypt's president stepped down from
power Yemen's president was injured in
an attack and sought treatment in Saudi
Arabia before returning to Yemen only to
step down from power and Libya's
president was captured and killed by
rebel fighters in his hometown all of
these power shifts in the Middle East
happened within just one year regional
leaders who remains in power or gain
power shortly after the protests have
blamed Qatar for supporting a number of
Islamist groups who took part in the
protests cutters close ties to the
Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt and its
affiliates throughout the region are a
particular area of concern for the bloc
of Nations while some see the
Brotherhood as a legitimate political
movement a number of these countries
consider it to be a terrorist
organization due to the group's desire
to overthrow most governments and
establish an Islamic state under its
leadership because of this most of the
countries in the region have harshly
cracked down on the group Qatar support
for the Brotherhood is a primary reason
behind the Sunni nations claim that
Qatar supports terrorism another point
of tension between the two nations as
Carter's growing cooperation with Saudi
Arabia's primary regional enemy Iran
Qatar is one of the richest nations on
earth per capita due to it being the
largest exporter of liquefied gas its
vast oil resources come from the South
pars or North dome gas field in the
Persian Gulf which it shares with it
well but cutters relationship with its
person neighbor has also been tumultuous
in 2016 Qatar recalled its ambassador to
Iran after a Saudi Arabian diplomatic
mission was attacked by Iranian
protesters the diplomatic strain lasted
for over 20 months but following the
saudi-led blockade on Carter the nation
announced it would restore full
relations with Iran further angering the
Saudis this brings us back to the
current political stalemate between
Saudi Arabia and Carter
while the blockade seems to place
enormous pressure on Cotter some
analysts say that the current crisis
might only backfire on the Sunni
coalition pushing Qatar to further
broker alliances with Iran Turkey and
even Russia but although Qatar relies so
much on Saudi Arabia it certainly stands
unique as a self-sufficient wealthy and
powerful State to learn just how
powerful it is check out this video
right here thanks for checking out now
this world and don't forget to Like and
subscribe for more episodes like this
every
