in June 2017 a Saudi Arabian citizen
killed a German man when he opened his
car door directly into the cyclists path
in Germany such a case of negligent
manslaughter would have otherwise been
prosecuted but the man in question was a
Saudi diplomat he was able to claim
diplomatic immunity and left the country
without being charged although rare
crimes committed by diplomats are
generally exempt from prosecution so we
wanted to know what exactly is
diplomatic immunity and how far does it
extend well in short diplomatic immunity
means that diplomats who are
representatives of state governments are
generally not bound to the laws of host
countries where they perform their civil
duties the intention of this immunity is
to make it possible for diplomats to do
their jobs without threat of
incarceration or execution and this
immunity is expected to be extended
bilaterally the practice of guaranteeing
such immunity can be traced back as far
as 3,000 BC and is even referenced in
ancient poetry from India historically
agreements not to execute messengers
were well understood and a violation
could constitute an act of war famed
Mongol leader Genghis Khan was known to
invade and destroy cities for violations
of this agreement and once con even
decimated the entire juarez m''d empire
allegedly for shaving the heads of two
messengers and executing another modern
diplomatic immunity is based on the 1961
Vienna Convention on diplomatic
relations which states that a diplomatic
agent shall enjoy immunity from the
criminal jurisdiction of the receiving
state he shall also enjoy immunity from
its civil and administrative
jurisdiction the convention also
requires that diplomats do adhere to and
respect their host country's laws
however this immunity is not
all-encompassing diplomats are only
covered when on official duty and their
home country has the option of waiving
this immunity allowing the host country
to prosecute the host country is also
always allowed to expel these diplomats
marking them persona non grata latin for
person not appreciated in fact this
commonly used phrase stems directly from
diplomatic use
additionally home countries are expected
to prosecute the offending diplomat
depending on the seriousness of the
crime and not doing so can create signal
in tension between countries but an
overwhelming majority of violations are
minor for example one major complaint by
New York City which is home to the
United Nations headquarters is that
visiting diplomats park wherever they
want and ignore any parking tickets
citing diplomatic immunity in fact as of
2014 more than 16 million dollars in
fines to diplomats remains unpaid but
diplomats have also been accused of much
more serious crimes including drug
smuggling money laundering spying tax
evasion and even slavery and murder
ultimately diplomats act as
representatives of their state while
diplomatic immunity can create
unresolved criminal situations it mainly
allows countries to communicate and
negotiate without shooting the messenger
literally so how exactly can you become
your country's ambassador and reap all
the benefits of immunity from
prosecution find out and learn more
about diplomats in this video to the
right thanks for checking out now this
world don't forget to Like and subscribe
for more videos like this every week
