while there are many religious
theocracies and secular democracies
around the world very few countries have
found a way to bridge the gap between
religion and politics but in Lebanon not
only does there exist a democracy within
a larger religious structure there are
actually 18 official religions built
into the country's parliamentary system
so let's take a look at how and why a
dozen and a half different sects are
able to rule over one country Lebanon's
multi religion government actually stems
from its invading predecessor the
Ottoman Empire from about 1516 to 1918
Lebanon was under the jurisdiction of
this Empire and around the 1830s a
system of reorganization by the Ottomans
called Tanzimat declared that all
citizens were equal under the law
regardless of their religious
affiliation for Lebanon this was the
problem as the country's many different
religions spanning Islam Christianity
and Judaism had each established their
own legal rules which were implicitly
unequal before Tanzimat the Ottoman
Empire stressed religious pluralism with
each religion considered its own nation
like entity together these entities
comprised the Empire and had individual
legal protections today
Lebanon operates under a similar system
of religious pluralism called
confessionalism with in Lebanon's
Constitution is a guarantee that all
citizens will have the same rights and
duties without discrimination but it
also establishes a hardline balance of
power among the countries many religions
please break down into more than half
the population adhering to the two major
Muslim faiths Sunni and Shia and about
35 percent are Christians known as
Maronites Greek Catholic and recorded ox
the rest are a combination of Druze and
ancient Arabic religion smaller
Christian denominations Jews Baha'is
Buddhists Hindus and a very small
proportion of Mormons legally there are
four Muslim and twelve Christian
denominations as well as Druze and
Judaism which together comprise the
country's 18 official religions these
religions are allocated within the
government as a result of an unwritten
agreement established during the
country's independence in 1943 known as
the National pact it places a different
member of each religion within a
position of power the president is
required to be a Maronite
the Prime Minister a Sunni Muslim the
Speaker of the Parliament a Shia Muslim
and so on there's even a required
balance of power within Parliament's 128
seats originally at a 6 to 5 ratio of
Christians to Muslims but since the 1989
Taif agreement the two are now evenly
divided moreover these coalition's break
down into seven major political parties
with two major political factions one of
these is called the March 8th Alliance
and is a pro Syria Iran back group
including Hezbollah and the free
patriotic movement which is the largest
Christian party in parliament the other
is called the March 14 Alliance and
represents Sunni Muslims by the future
movement the largest party in Parliament
March 14 also includes two large
Christian parties this religious divide
and proportionality specifically stems
back to the country's only census to
date in 1932 at the time Christians
comprised 51% of the population leading
to this original six to five ratio of
Christians to Muslims in parliament this
Christian hegemony and government was
believed to have been established after
Lebanon encapsulated predominantly
Muslim areas without granting them
citizenship this 51 percent figure
stemming from the 1932 census has been
challenged as many Muslims were not
counted for this reason the government
has been reticent to perform another
census should the balance of power be
shifted towards Muslim rule throughout
its history the division along sectarian
lines has led to conflict strife and
even warfare it's difficult to suggest
that Lebanon has a well-oiled
functioning government prior to late
the country went more than two years
without a president due to political
infighting in years before that the
country wasn't boiled in a massive and
long-lasting civil war largely over
political and sectarian disputes
although Lebanon's government does seem
to represent all of its religions the
system in place isn't necessarily
working part of Lebanon's importance in
geopolitics is that it isn't solely
focused on sectarian divides
domestically to find out how other
countries have meddled in Lebanon's
fractured government watch this video
right here be sure to LIKE and subscribe
for new videos and thanks for watching
you
