in the same city where the founding
fathers signed the constitution one
woman wrote a new chapter in US history
Hillary Clinton was within reach of the
White House self-proclaimed nasty women
rallied behind Hillary in the millions
leaving many to question the amount of
female support her opponent Donald Trump
would see at the polls even former
Secretary of State Madeleine Albright
said there's a special place in hell for
women who don't help each other
the pressure was on to help Hillary
shatter the ceiling become election the
glass was still intact we will make
America proud again we will make America
safe again and yes together we will make
America great again thank you god bless
you and God bless america
Donald Trump became the 45th president
of the United States in part because his
female supporters came out of the
shadows on election day 42% of women
voted for Trump and 53% of them were
white a Facebook page run by women for
Donald Trump writes that Trump reminds
us of something we haven't seen in a
long time
strong alpha males and politics other
Trump supporters are even self-described
feminists who say they put policy and
party above their social beliefs this is
a stark difference from the women vying
to see the first female leader in the
White House so when did American women
become so divided are women standing in
the way of their own equality stemming
from the abolitionist movement the
women's movement was established in the
1830s after almost a century of fighting
for equality in 1920 women lined up to
cast their votes a right secured by All
American women under the 19th amendment
the women's movement didn't stop there
but it did diverge in 1923 the Lucretia
Mott amendment also known as the Equal
Rights Amendment was proposed to
Congress and supported by the National
Woman's Party which helped secure the
right to vote as it stands the US
Constitution does not protect women from
workplace discrimination the e ra was
designed to change that by leveling the
playing field when it came to salary
position and opportunity the amendment
stated men and women shall have equal
rights throughout the United States and
every place subject to its jurisdiction
but for some women these protections
didn't need progress and
this is where the fight for equality
started to fracture middle-class women
who supported the ER a argued for
equality and self-determination based on
the shared humanity with men while
working women believe the ER a would
override protections for women that had
been set in place including shorter work
hours and limited or no heavy lifting
taking place in the 1920s well before
World War two and the influx of female
workers into traditionally male
industries this debate was revolutionary
u.s. women were truly starting to take
control of their lives but the vision
for what that should look like very
dramatically and this feminists first
feminists divided over equality
ultimately led to the failure of the
Equal Rights Amendment but that wasn't
the end of the fight between 1923 and
1970 the Equal Rights Amendment was
proposed during every congressional
session it took a woman representative
Martha Griffiths a Democrat from
Michigan to get it passed in the house
in 1970 and then two years later a
slightly revised version of the ER a
passed in the Senate only four words
remained from the amendments main Clause
written in 1923 but its meanings stayed
the same the ER a now stated equality of
rights under the law shall not be denied
or abridged by the United States or by
any State on account of sex this new
language was modeled after the 19th
amendment essentially exchanging the
right to vote with equal rights VRA was
bipartisan in nature and had the support
of then Republican President Richard
Nixon 35 states ratified the amendment
so just three more were needed for the
amendment to be added to the
Constitution but yet again a woman would
lead to the ER A's des moines the Equal
Rights Amendment says you cannot
discriminate on account of sex and if
you want to deny a marriage license to a
man and a man or deny a homosexual the
right to teach in the schools or to
adopt children it is on account of sex
that you would deny it and that would be
unconstitutional under a ra on paper
Phyllis Schlafly embodied what many
would think of as the perfect woman to
represent the ER a she was a lawyer she
earned a master's in political science
from Radcliffe College Harvard
University's sister school and she even
ran for Congress as a new mother
but Schlafly was conservative and she
a political opportunity by opposing the
amendment she created the stop PRA
organization which stood for stop taking
our privileges Equal Rights Amendment
the movement galvanized thousands of
conservative women around the notion
that the ER a would upend the nuclear
family forcing women to get jobs outside
of the home forcing women to serve in
the military if the draft are reinstated
and encouraging men to stop supporting
their wives through her massive
organizing work in marketing his
pro-family Lafley is given credit for
almost single-handedly stopping the ER a
from adoption on June 30th 1982 the ER a
officially ran out of time and failed
just three states short of ratification
she lastly became known as the first
lady of the march to the political right
and 40 years later her endorsement of
Donald Trump for president encompasses
much of the female divide we see today
the majority of women for Trump are
conservative and white and share many of
the same values as Phyllis Schlafly
which in some ways directly contradicts
the feminist idea of what equality
should be I have decided to nominate an
inspiring woman who I believe will make
a great justice judge Sonia Sotomayor of
the great state of New York today women
are redefining gender roles in the
workplace they are high-ranking military
officers CEOs and members of Congress
women have helped pass the Equal Pay Act
Pregnancy Discrimination Act title 7 and
title 9 while these laws and precedents
are in place to protect women a Supreme
Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said
legislation can be repealed it can be
altered without a constitutional
amendment the rights that women enjoy
may not be permanent the ER a would set
a consistent judicial standard in the
fight for equality and it might even put
an end to the gender pay gap but should
an Equal Rights Amendment finally be
introduced what rights should
specifically be enshrined and which
faction of females will make that
decision all we know is that both the ER
a and the 2016 election proved the
divide between women can be
and that equality and what it represents
means many things to many people
from politics to pop culture more women
are in positions of power today than
ever before watch our video here to find
out who are the world's leading ladies
another extremely powerful woman is
philanthropist and businesswoman Melinda
Gates as the co-founder and co-chair of
the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
she has used their forty billion dollar
endowment to focus on global health care
and empowering women and girls around
the world thanks for watching seeker
daily please make sure to LIKE and
subscribe for new videos every day
