with thousands of employees and 189
member countries the World Bank is one
of the most powerful institutions in the
world funneling billions of dollars
every year into ending global poverty
but as the World Bank has grown larger
it's also become more dysfunctional high
budget projects with little oversight
have reportedly led to corruption
cover-ups and severe unintended
consequences so what exactly is the
world bank and how did it get so
powerful
well the World Bank like many other
international organizations was created
in the aftermath of World War two in
1944 as the war was coming to an end
Allied nations including the United
States and the United Kingdom
created the International Bank for
Reconstruction and Development or IBRD
to rebuild Europe in 1947 this Bank
issued its first loan to France which
had been heavily bombed during the war
and it financed similar initiatives
throughout the 1940s and 50s
eventually the IBRD became known
colloquially as the World Bank in the
early 1970s as post-war reconstruction
was winding down the World Bank shifted
its focus to reducing global poverty
instead of funding only construction
projects like building dams and
generating electricity the bank oversaw
programs related to food production
health nutrition and development all
addressing poor communities by the early
1980s the World Bank wasn't only made up
of finance and infrastructure experts
like economists and engineers but also
society focus experts like
anthropologists and social scientists
these experts not only collaborate on
infrastructure projects but work with
local governments on policies and
institutions that bring people out of
poverty for instance in India the World
Bank has funded the construction of
nearly 10,000 miles of roads that
connect poor rural communities to
schools markets and clean water sources
the projects stimulated rural economies
and improved quality of life for
thousands of people in the past 45 years
the World Bank's objectives have largely
remained unchanged the banks to state
and go
fools are to reduce extreme poverty that
is people living on less than roughly $2
a day and to raise incomes of the
poorest 40 percent of the population it
plans to do this by issuing low-interest
loans and low to zero interest credits
and grants to developing countries often
times the World Bank funds initiatives
on its own but it also partners with
governments private banks and other
organizations like the World Trade
Organization or the UN the World Bank
gets its funds by selling bonds to
investors collecting subscription fees
from member governments and net earnings
from its assets but many have allege
that these projects often hurt the poor
rather than help them according to a
2015 investigative report nearly three
and a half million people have been
displaced over the last decade to make
room for World Bank funded projects the
organization has rules for so-called
involuntary resettlement ensuring that
families are not forced from their homes
without warning and that those who are
evicted are safely resettled elsewhere
however the World Bank has reportedly
failed on many occasions to live up to
these standards for instance in 2007 the
bank loaned nearly 70 million dollars to
Kenya's national forest service for a
conservation project however Kenyan
authorities reportedly used the money to
forcefully evict thousands of indigenous
people who had been living in the
project area between 2007 and 2014 up to
a thousand indigenous homes had been
ransacked or burned to the ground
representatives from the World Bank have
acknowledged flaws in their involuntary
resettlement program but have yet to
make any major changes this isn't the
only criticism of the World Bank many
allege that loans to developing
countries end up in the pockets of
corrupt leaders others criticize the way
the institution is governed which gives
considerable power to a small number of
Western countries representatives from
the World Bank have said they're looking
for better ways of achieving their goals
so while the bank remains a noble entity
working to end global poverty it seems
it has its own problems to fix as well
the World Bank was created in tandem
with the International Monetary Fund and
the two financial institutions still
often work hand-in-hand so what is the
IMF exactly find out in this video since
World War two the world's economies have
become interdependent on each other
through trade and investment while this
helps strengthen the global financial
system it also creates weaknesses in the
economic chain
thank you for watching seeker daily
please don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
