presidents tend to get who they want for
their administration but it hasn't
always worked out that way since the
nation's founding the Senate has vetoed
nine cabinet picks the most recent was
in 1989 when the Senate narrowly
rejected President George HW Bush's
nomination of Senator John Tower amid
allegations that he was an alcoholic and
a womanizer as president-elect Donald
Trump builds his own cabinet many have
wondered what power the Senate has to
deny any of his controversial choices so
how does this process work well to start
it's important to note that Donald
Trump's cabinet picks our nominations
not appointments the Constitution states
that the president has the power to
choose ambassadors Supreme Court judges
and all other officers but only under
the quote advice and consent of the
Senate the so called other officers have
come to be defined as the cabinet and
they cannot be sworn in until they're
approved by a majority of the Senate
these rules apply to all cabinet-level
officials including the vice president
in the heads of 15 executive departments
but not the White House chief of staff
experts say most of Donald Trump's
cabinet picks will see little to no
pushback from the republican-led Senate
however several of trumps more
controversial nominees may have a harder
time take potential Attorney General
Jeff Sessions who in 1986 was denied a
position as a district court judge after
he was found to have made racist
statements specifically sessions
allegedly once condoned the Ku Klux Klan
and labeled the n-double a-c-p and ACLU
as unamerican
another appointment which may see
confirmation problems is Rex Tillerson
for Secretary of State
not only does tiller Sion's career as
CEO of ExxonMobil present domestic
conflicts of interest but he also has
deep business ties with Russia not to
mention personal ties with President
Vladimir Putin in order for Tillerson to
become Secretary of State he must first
be confirmed by the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee then his nomination
goes to the floor of the Senate where it
only needs a simple majority to pass
this process began shortly after the
Senate resumes on January 3rd and
usually takes about two or three weeks
in the past this process has dragged on
for many weeks because of filibusters
and other targeted attempts to obstruct
certain nominees for instance in July
2013 Obama's nominee for administrator
to the EPA waited 136 days for Senate
confirmation longer than any of her 12
predecessors frustrated by this long and
arduous process the death
Kratts LED senate enacted what's called
the nuclear option in 2013
allowing senators to approve most
nominees with a simple majority rather
than a two-thirds vote this means that
if democrats wanted to block Tillerson
or sessions or any of trumps other
cabinet picks with the filibuster they
wouldn't be able to thanks to a rule
change they themselves enacted but even
if the Senate did veto any of Trump's
nominees they may still be placed in
positions of power the president has the
power to unilaterally appoint roughly
300 people to fill a wide range of jobs
within the federal government for
instance when the Senate rejected John
tower in 1989 President George HW Bush
appointed him to lead the Foreign
Intelligence advisory board a position
that didn't require Senate approval as
Trump seems to value his nominees
loyalty over their experience or fitness
for the job it is unlikely we will see
them excluded from Washington altogether
besides being worried about Trump's
nominations for cabinet many opposing
the president-elect have already started
talking about his potentially illegal or
unconstitutional plans for example
prosecuting people who burn the American
flag some people are even talking about
impeachment before Trump even starts his
first term so how is it that presidents
are impeached find out in this video the
first president to face impeachment was
Andrew Johnson in 1868 Johnson had taken
over the presidency after Lincoln was
assassinated
Congress passed the tenure of office Act
which prevented the president from
removing a member of his cabinet without
Senate approval thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe for more videos every day
