in November 2016 two mass graves holding
at least 18 yeas 80 people were found
near Mosul Iraq these are two of an
estimated 40 such graves authorities
expect to uncover as they seize the
region back from the Islamic state since
overtaking large portions of Iraq in
2014 Isis has systematically killed
thousands of Yazidis people in a reign
of terror the UN has called a genocide
so who are the Yazidi people while the
Yazidis are a religious and ethnic
minority with as many as 700,000
worldwide a vast majority of whom live
in northern Iraq most consider
themselves ethnically Kurdish and speak
the language but while Iraqi Kurds tend
to follow Sunni Islam Yazidi is adhere
to their own religion which combines
aspects of Islam Christianity and
Zoroastrianism it's difficult to
determine how old Yazidi ism is many
scholars place its origins in ancient
Mesopotamia or the beginning of
civilization and what is today Iraq
Syria and Turkey at around 3,000 BC
other religious groups migrated to Iran
and India leaving early as it is to
settle and form communities similar to
Christianity and Islam Yazidi ism is
monotheistic however it isn't Abrahamic
as Yazidis believe in a much older
Supreme God according to yet ZD
Scripture this supreme deity created the
universe then entrusted it to seven
angels chief of whom is tau C Malik or
the peacock Angel Yazidi C tau seemed
elec as an intermediary between man and
the divine and revere him for his
independence and ambivalence in
Scripture he refuses to submit to their
supreme God who disavowal was but later
forgives him this story is often
compared to the carranza count of
Shaitaan or Satan and many Muslims
accuse Eady's of being devil worshipers
their worship of tau C Malik is why as
ETS have been the subject of
marginalization and violence for
hundreds of years in the 18th and 19th
centuries ottoman and Kurdish leaders
attempted to eliminate the Yazidi
minority through forced conversions and
mass murder resulting in at least 72
genocides according to sed scholars the
ethno-religious minority also faced
violence under former Iraqi Prez
Saddam Hussein who targeted ethnic Kurds
among other groups more recently in 2007
a series of suicide bombings of Yazidi
villages killed more than 500 people
today the Yazidi populations greatest
threat is the Islamic state in August
2014 alone Isis killed more than 5000 ya
ZD men and abducted roughly 7,000 Yazidi
women their ruthless ethnic cleansing
left he has 80 towns completely
destroyed forcing many to flee to other
parts of Iraq or even to war-torn Syria
as Isis has been losing territory many
sdds have been able to return to their
homes however a thousands still live in
refugee camps as an enemy to many
Muslims and a perpetual victim of
religious violence the Yazidi community
will likely not see stability anytime
soon
we at seeker are committed to bringing
you stories that will inform and
enlighten you about cultures and people
around the world recently seeker stories
film behind the scenes the most
technologically advanced Cirque de
Soleil show in Las Vegas to see how the
cast prepares for their risky and
breathtaking performances I have many
different litter we chose one of the
things I do is skipping rope
I do also juggling balls I feel like
that connects my brain to my body
completely thanks for watching seeker
daily please make sure to LIKE and
subscribe for new videos every day
you
