in the aftermath of World War two the
marriage rate in the United States was
the highest it had ever been and it has
never come close since so today which
countries have the highest marriage
rates well marriage rate is generally
calculated by the number of marriages
per 1000 people per year for instance in
the United States there were nearly
seven marriages for every 1000 residents
in 2014 this is somewhat high for
developed nations by comparison the
average EU marriage rate is roughly four
for one thousand one country where
marriage is quite common as Kyrgyzstan
with ten and every 1000 qgs tying the
knot every year kyrgyzstan's population
is roughly 75% Muslim and their
conservative values extend to
relationships and marriage many
carriages believe marriage is necessary
foundation for child-rearing and a
majority of children are born within
wedlock unmarried pregnant women are
known to face harsh stigma and as a
result many get married before or
shortly after giving birth
Kyrgyzstan's high marriage rate is also
a product of something called bride
kidnapping the practice takes different
forms but typically a young man gathers
a group of friends and together they
drive around looking for a woman who
wants to marry they then kidnap this
unsuspecting woman and bring her back to
a wedding ceremony that has already been
arranged this unusual tradition accounts
for as many as half of all marriages in
some parts of the country and although
it has been illegal since 1994 law
enforcement generally looks the other
way marriage is also exceptionally
common in Egypt which has an annual
marriage rate of roughly 11 for every
1000 people women in Egypt as in many
Arab countries are largely defined by
their roles as wives and mothers and as
a result there is no widely accepted
social niche for single Egyptian women
the weight placed on virginity and
family honour also drives people to
marry younger or sooner in their
relationships and although Egypt is
fairly modernized arranged marriages are
still extremely common but United
Nations statistics suggest that the
highest marriage rates exist in
Tajikistan with more than 13 out of
every 1000 people marrying each year
Tajikistan is an extremely patriarchal
society with harsh stigma around
unmarried women as a result parents are
known
pressure their teenage or young adult
children into marriage
in fact most marry before age 30 and
according to UNICEF 12% of tesha girls
are married before the age of 18 the
government has tried to discourage this
practice by cracking down on
illegitimate unions and raising the
legal age of marriage from 17 to 18
however it persists with ceremonies
being held in secret or public officials
bribed into giving unlawful marriage
licenses Tajikistan Kyrgyzstan and Egypt
each have cultures which stress family
values especially marriage and child
rearing many other countries have
similar values and accordingly tsehai
marriage rates whether it be due to
culture or religion it's likely that
marriage will continue to be an
important institution around the world
we can't do episodes like this without
help from our sponsors this episode was
brought to you by Kay Jewelers for a
hundred years every kiss begins with Kay
in some cultures marriage is more than
just an arrangement between two people
it's a union of two families as a result
many more traditional households opt for
arranged marriages so where does this
practice still exist find out in this
video
arranged marriages are when a third
party usually a relative or a matchmaker
selects your spouse but with your
permission this is distinct from forced
marriages where there is no consent as
is the case with child brides thanks for
watching seeker daily everyone don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos from us every day
