in 2016 Qatar was named the most
competitive economy in the Middle East
but the country has also been accused of
extreme human rights violations so just
how powerful is Qatar
well Qatar is located in the Middle East
extending into the Persian Gulf
neighboring Saudi Arabia to the west and
the United Arab Emirates to the south at
roughly 4,500 square miles Qatar is
smaller than the state of Connecticut
but despite its size its population is
booming with more than two and a half
million residents as of October 2016 the
Qatar Peninsula as part of the Persian
Gulf is located on top of significant
petroleum deposits Qatar contributes
around 13% of the entire world's natural
gas supply with gas and oil comprising
92 percent of the country's export
earnings cutters rapid expansion over
the past 30 years is a direct indicator
of its high per capita GDP at just more
than 74,000 dollars per person Qatar
ranks as one of the highest in the world
as of 2015 just below Luxembourg
Switzerland and Norway and on some list
Macau while Qatar is primarily driven by
its oil and gas revenues manufacturing
construction and financial services
account for just over half of the
country's GDP which is roughly a hundred
and sixty seven billion dollars unlike
many of its neighbours Qatar remains
largely unaffected by social unrest and
political uprising and its military
remains modest with 12,000 total active
military personnel the lowest in the
region statistics from 2010 show that
Qatar spends only one-and-a-half percent
of its GDP on defense considerably below
neighbouring Saudi Arabia's current rate
of 13 and a half percent cutters
relations with United States blossomed
in 1991 after it helps American forces
repel an Iraqi attack in Saudi Arabia
the first ground engagement of the Gulf
War today Qatar continues to host a
large US military presence and maintains
a mutual defense pact Qatar is peaceful
and ranks highly in categories such as
low unemployment and limited risk
tourism and natural disasters but it is
not without problems the country faces
backlash against its treatment of
migrant workers in preparation for the
World Cup workers groups first
complained in 2014 about harsh working
conditions non-payment and forced labor
camps for nearly one and a half million
people in March 2016 Qatar was given 12
months to end migrant workers slavery or
facing UN investigation the fifth ever
country to face such a formal inquiry
Qatar has power in prosperity and
political soundness but it's small
military and the treatment of its labor
force raise doubts about its full
potential we can't do episodes like this
without our sponsors and this episode is
brought to you by domain.com if you're
an entrepreneur innovator or building a
small business domain.com is the place
to go when that next great idea hits you
you can get 20% off domain coms already
affordable domain names and web hosting
when you use coupon code seeker at
checkout when you think domain names
think domain.com it's hard to imagine
what qatar would look like without its
enormous oil supply while petroleum has
proven to be an invaluable resource to
the country declining oil prices are
having a huge impact on the economy so
could qatar and other countries in the
middle-east ever survive without oil
find out more in this video one
particularly frightening report from the
International Monetary Fund stated that
most Middle Eastern countries could run
out of money in just five years
but the oil-rich Middle East has spent
significant wealth on trying to find new
sources of income once the petroleum
economy becomes unprofitable thanks for
watching seeker daily please don't
forget to like and subscribe to see more
videos every day
you
