in October 2016 UNESCO condemned Israel
for restricting access to part of one of
the holiest sites in the world for Jews
Muslims and to a lesser extent
Christians recent violence between
Israel and Palestine centers around the
site called the Temple Mount which has a
long history of sparking conflict
between Israel and the surrounding
Muslim countries so what makes the
Temple Mount so important well in a
nutshell this little hill in Jerusalem
hosts structures representing each
religion the al-aqsa mosque which is
considered the third holiest site in
Sunni Islam the western wall which is
considered the holiest place for Jews to
pray and for Christians the Temple Mount
is where Jesus issued a challenge
against temple authorities which
ostensibly led to his crucifixion the
triple claim on this area is further
complicated by the dual control of it by
both Muslim and Israeli authorities the
mount itself is within Israeli borders
and has been controlled by the state
since 1967 to reach the site visitors
need to go through one of eleven gates
ten of which are reserved exclusively
for Muslims and one for non-muslims
although all the gates are patrolled by
Israeli police and to make matters even
more complicated the mosque on the
Temple Mount is administered by an
Islamic trust
funded by the king of Jordan non-muslims
are prohibited from prayer and are only
allowed to visit as tourists although in
2016 some non-muslims were allegedly
allowed to pray within the structure but
even within the Jewish faith praying in
the Mount is prohibited and Jews may
only visit it at certain times the
current conflict centers around the
UNESCO resolution which would have
declared the western wall a part of the
mosque and thus began a process of
banning Jews entirely from one of their
holiest sites this clause was added by a
number of Muslim states but was
ultimately dropped before the resolution
went through but even the revised
version was widely criticized by Israel
and its supporters who say that the
language of the resolution condemning
Israel refers to the location
exclusively in Arabic terms thus erasing
the Jewish connection even Hillary
Clinton has come out calling the
resolution disappointing and wrong
criticizing UNESCO for failing to
recognize and respect quote the deep and
historic ties of the Jewish people to
Jerusalem and it's holy sites but Israel
strict control over the site has many
including UNESCO worried when there are
high tensions in the region or fear of
riots Muslim men under a certain age are
restricted from entering portions of the
Temple Mount
although
some women of all ages can come and go
freely this is called the dilution
policy there have even been times when
the Israeli government has blocked all
access to the mount for Muslims and
non-muslims alike many say that this
level of control is unreasonable while
the Israeli government maintains that
it's for security and safety rather than
for any ideological or religious reason
as with most conflicts centered around
Israel and Palestine or Jews and Muslims
this is an issue unlikely to be resolved
quickly if you're like me and love
history science and exploration you
should check out discovery go where you
can binge-watch all seasons current and
past of your favorite Discovery Channel
shows check out the link in the
description below to learn more the
heart of all these conflicts is the city
of Jerusalem but why is there so much
religious overlap in this region and how
is it propelling so many violent
disputes between Israel and Palestine
find out by watching this video during
this conflict Israel captured East
Jerusalem and annexed it as part of
their own country many do not recognize
this annexation as legal including the
United Nations thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
