five countries in Central Asia are
facing an unexpected water and energy
crisis Kazakhstan Uzbekistan
Turkmenistan Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan
that's a lot of stands we're all once
administered by the Soviet Union and
were able to work together peacefully
but today decades after the collapse of
the USSR these countries are withholding
resources hurting each other and
themselves so why is Central Asia
dealing with the water and energy crisis
well throughout the 20th century and
existence of the Soviet Union
neighboring Republic's were administered
by Moscow to share resources in Central
Asia Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan and
Turkmenistan were tasked with providing
natural gas and electricity as a result
of their massive natural reserves in
return neighboring tajikistan and
kyrgyzstan contributed water this came
from they're plentiful reservoirs and
the amo dire river until 1991 the system
kept the entire region saturated with
power and water but in the aftermath of
the collapse of the Soviet Union there
was no central government to dictate who
would send what to who for a few years
all five were able to work together but
Kazakhstan Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan
soon realized that they would be able to
sell their electricity and gas to other
countries like Afghanistan in 2009 and
2010 whose biggest an and Kazakhstan
decided to remove themselves from the
Central Asian electricity grid
altogether to sell those resources
outside the region this force the water
countries tajikistan and kyrgyzstan to
increase their production to power
generators this turned into a cycle
where farms and energy countries which
dependent on the downstream flow began
to fail this spiral has led to
significant changes for all countries
involved with foreign buyers to compete
with in an uncooperative uzbekistan in
kazakhstan energy prices have
skyrocketed in central asia
in fact massive riots and revolution in
kurdistan in 2010 unseated their
president and allegedly led to hundreds
of deaths and reports of mass
gang rape and torture many blame these
riots partially on power failures and
high energy prices during the previous
winter which led to many people either
paying outrageous prices for heating and
light and while all this is ongoing
the original resources are starting to
dry out
complicating the matter even further as
a result of climate change the flow of
water from the Amidala River in
Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan is expected to
decrease in the next two to three
decades by as much as one third so while
those two countries are working hard to
supplement their lack of energy by
building hydroelectric dams the most
important of which being the massive
broken Dam it may ultimately fall short
as long as it is more profitable for
these countries to sell outside the
circle rather than within it these rules
will likely continue to destabilize both
their population and their government
one country has already fallen what
happens to the rest remains to be seen
Central Asia is not the only place
struggling with vital resources the
region's neighboring country China has
been facing a massive water shortage for
years now so what factors have led to
China's severe water crisis find out
more in this video when this launched in
state media promoted it as the cure to
the country's water problems but due to
grossly outdated miscalculations of the
South's water supply which is dwindled
from climate change and drought the
project has had little effect on the
crisis at large also be sure to check
out my Facebook page nos daily where I
travel and post daily one-minute videos
about the world no more no less
thanks for watching seeker daily be sure
to like and subscribe for more
interesting videos every day
