Harvard and Yale are often referred to
as the best of the best but when it
comes to the highest ranked universities
these and other Ivy League schools don't
even crack the top five so what are the
world's best universities
well according to an index by the times
higher education Stanford ranks third in
the world most people associate Stanford
with tech capital Silicon Valley which
is where the school is located and in
fact it is largely because of Stanford
that the region is now the global
capital of entrepreneurship and
technology in the 1940s and 50s the
university heavily encouraged students
and faculty to start their own companies
eventually leading to companies like
Google and snapchat and still today the
school is known to produce some of the
most successful entrepreneurs a Stanford
degree is an extremely high demand and
the school maintains the lowest
acceptance rate in the country
admitting less than 5% of applicants
much of Stanford's credibility and
desirability comes from its impressive
list of alumni which includes Chelsea
Clinton Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer and
President John F Kennedy even better
than Stanford is the California
Institute of Technology
also known as Cal Tech the university is
predominantly focused on engineering
technology and Applied Sciences in the
1930s the university founded NASA's Jet
Propulsion Laboratory which builds space
robots and conducts astronomy missions
Caltech continues to manage JPL and the
two have worked together on dozens of
space missions the school's faculty and
alumni include 34 Nobel laureates and
according to a 2015 study more Caltech
graduates go on to earn PhDs than any
other alma mater but the best university
in the world is located outside of the
United States Oxford University in the
UK is regularly ranked first compared to
Caltech and Stanford Oxford is enormous
with 44 colleges and more than 100
libraries it's also one of the oldest
universities with historians tracing
instruction as far back as the 11th
century
Oxford's ascension to the top comes in
part from its exceptionally high
research income between 2014 and 2015
charities individuals and businesses
funneled nearly 680 million dollars into
the University for research Oxford is
also home to the largest University
Press and one of the oldest and most
prestigious scholarships the Rhodes
Scholarship while there are many lists
ranking colleges around the world most
tend to rank these three schools near
the
and although most of the top schools are
in the West a number of schools in China
are quickly making their way up the list
over the last two decades China has
invested more than 30 billion dollars in
its best universities and it seems to be
working the number of Chinese
universities in the top 200 doubled in
2016 with Beijing's pay king university
ranking highest although still only in
42nd place worldwide Chinese parents are
known to send their children to study in
the United States however with China's
own universities on the rise we may
someday see the tables turned we can't
do episodes like this without our
sponsors and this episode is brought to
you by domain.com if you're an
entrepreneur innovator or building a
small business
domain.com is the place to go when that
next great idea hits you get 20% off
domain coms already affordable domain
names and web hosting when you use the
coupon code seeker at checkout when you
think domain names think domain.com so
the best schools don't seem to be part
of the Ivy League but these eight
private universities are still in high
demand and taken millions of dollars
every year so why is the Ivy League so
powerful find out in this video together
the eight schools endowments add up to
nearly a hundred and twenty billion
dollars that's roughly equal to the
entire worth of the u.s. state of
Arkansaw harvard leads the pack by a
large margin
reporting a nearly forty billion dollar
endowment in 2015 thanks for watching
seeker daily everyone don't forget to
Like and subscribe so you get new videos
from us every day
you
