in October 2016 hundreds of thousands of
people in southern Brazil voted to break
off and form their own country the
unofficial referendum had no legal
bearing but why do a majority of
southern Brazilians want independence
while those who voted in favor of
secession are part of a separatist
movement called
the south is my country it's made up of
individuals in Brazil's three
southernmost States who argue that these
states are culturally distinct and
economically autonomous enough to be
completely independent from the rest of
Brazil separatist movements in southern
Brazil gained momentum in the early
1990s revolutionaries argued that
Brazil's southern state of Rio de Grande
Azul was funneling billions of tax
dollars into the Brazilian economy but
only seeing about 63 percent returned
and this persisted they said because the
region's that benefited from it namely
the Northeast and the Amazon had
unfairly secured a majority in Congress
more than two decades later the route of
their argument is largely the same that
is that the region is paying a large
proportion of federal taxes with little
return or representation for instance
Brazil's northeastern state of Bahia
pays less than half the federal taxes of
the southern state of Rio Grande do Sul
even though its population is
considerably larger the South's
ill feelings toward the central
government have intensified in the wake
of widespread corruption and economic
recession in recent years inflation and
unemployment have increased dramatically
while many politicians including
recently impeached President Dilma
Rousseff and her replacement Michelle
Tamara have been embroiled in corruption
scandals but the movement is more than
just political and economic it's also
cultural Brazil's southern region was
colonized by not only Portuguese but
Italian and German immigrants and today
nearly 80% of its population is
ethnically European this is in stark
contrast to the rest of Brazil which is
a dynamic melting pot of African Asian
European and indigenous populations
there are some cities in the south where
German is still the primary language
that even hold their own version of
Oktoberfest southern Brazilians also
tend to be wealthier southern brazil's
recent unofficial referendum carried no
legal weight and the prospect of full
independence can
used to be fairly dubious that said
there has been talk of using the
movement to push for more state autonomy
and leaders have even cited the u.s. as
a model with another referendum planned
for 2017 the message is clear hundreds
of thousands of southern Brazilians are
ready to go it alone we can't do
episodes like this without our sponsors
if you listen to music and podcasts and
are looking for a new bluetooth speaker
check out monster's reimagine boombox
monster blaster available for monthly
payments starting at $25 the monster
blaster has the power to bring music to
life indoors and out check it out at the
monster blaster calm slash seeker one of
the big reasons southern Brazilians are
looking to split off is due to a total
lack of confidence in the former and
current president so what exactly is
going on with the Brazilian head of
state find out in this video
he and his cabinet are fiscally and
socially conservative thus putting a
temporary stop to more than a dozen
years of left-leaning leaders but
whether it be conservative or liberal
brazil's government is still seemingly
corrupt thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe more
videos every day
