in the summer of 1945 as world war ii
was coming to an end the united states
detonated the world's first atomic bomb
but it wasn't on hiroshima the bomb
actually exploded in new mexico
resulting in zero casualties it was a
test since that day the US has conducted
more than a thousand similar tests many
on land others underground and even some
in outer space so where exactly has the
United States tested nuclear weapons
well after the war ended the United
States moved his nuclear testing to
isolated regions in the Pacific Ocean
namely the Marshall Islands from 1946 to
1958 the u.s. performed 67 tests on the
remote archipelago one of which was a
thousand times as powerful as the
Hiroshima explosion before testing began
the US government evacuated some but not
all of the Marshall Islands as residents
nevertheless thousands suffered from
radioactive fallout by the end of the
1940s the Soviet Union had developed its
own atomic bomb increasing pressure on
the u.s. to expand its nuclear program
so in 1951 while it was still testing in
the Pacific the u.s. established another
test site in rural Nevada over the next
four decades more than 900 nuclear
explosions were detonated at this site
making it the most bombed place on earth
although most of the explosions occurred
underground about 100 were on land with
mushroom clouds so large they could be
seen from Las Vegas the government
wanted to see the real-world
repercussions of such a weapon as being
at the height of the Cold War the US was
foreseeing a potential nuclear attack
officials even constructed a makeshift
survival town complete with fake
buildings homes and electrical
substations near Ground Zero in 1961 the
Soviet Union tested the most powerful
nuclear weapon ever detonated called the
tsar bomba in response the u.s. expanded
its nuclear testing outside Nevada two
more sites in New Mexico Colorado
Mississippi and I'm chicka a tiny island
in southernmost Alaska five tests were
even conducted in outer space to observe
the effects of nuclear explosions at
high altitudes with the end of the Cold
War and fall of the Soviet Union in 1991
the u.s. ended its nuclear testing
program in the 1990s nearly every
country in the world signed the
comprehensive nuclear-test-ban treaty
which bans all nuclear explosions but
the tree never went into full effect as
the US and seven other world
powers including China and North Korea
never ratified it despite the fact that
the US was the first to sign it as a
result non-signatories such as India and
Pakistan detonated nuclear weapons as
recently as 1998 and North Korea
conducts tests regularly against
international protests the last time the
United States tested a nuclear weapon
was in 1992 today the government is more
focused on providing reparations to
those affected by the blasts
for example radioactive fallout in
Nevada routinely blew east into towns in
Utah causing an uptick in cancer and
brain tumors after decades of
campaigning from victims Congress passed
the radiation exposure compensation Act
in 1990 so far two billion dollars has
been paid to more than 32,000 people
similar reparations have been paid to
residents of the Marshall Islands
so although nuclear testing is a distant
memory too many Americans those in close
proximity to the blasts still feel its
effects every day the United States was
not the only country testing nuclear
weapons during the Cold War so where
exactly did Russia secretly test its
nuclear weapons find out in the video up
top and to learn about how we know other
countries are conducting secret tests
you can watch the video down below by
dnews
and see the process explained thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for more videos every
day
you
