corruption is a global problem which
nearly every country on earth deals with
in one way or another the 2015
Corruption Perceptions Index published
by Transparency International is a
valuable tool for insights about what
parts of the world suffer the most from
bribery embezzlement and other abuses of
power in particular one region that
stands out is Africa specifically the
sub-saharan according to the index six
of the ten most corrupt countries are in
Africa with Somalia at the bottom of the
list the worst affected countries are
also some of the poorest in the world
and while corruption helps a select few
it costs the continent billions
one study shared by the United Nations
estimates roughly one hundred and fifty
billion dollars is lost to corruption
every year just in Africa alone do we
think about political structures in
developing countries they tend to be
very weak they tend to be very
centralized in the sense that there may
be one charismatic person who's driving
the whole or big slice of politics in a
developing country that's doctor quick a
poco a jamaat a postdoctoral research
fellow at the Blum Center for developing
economies at the University of
california-berkeley
in one study dr. a poco a shaman looked
at the effects of raising salaries for
police officers in order to curb bribery
in West Africa if you spend any amount
of time driving West Africa you often
don't go very far before you're stopped
at checkpoints and extorted by police
officers and other government officials
well in 2010 the government of Ghana
decided to raise the salaries of police
officers so this provided a nice natural
experiment for us to see whether higher
salaries reduced or worsened corruption
by paying officers more money up front
officials hope that not only would it
mitigate their need for petty bribery
but also increase the risk of losing the
higher salary by being fired for
corruption the researchers expected
corruption to fall but the exact
opposite ended up happening police
officers would stop drivers more often
and attempt to extort even more
for an increase of roughly 25% a number
of theories have been proposed to
explain the seemingly contradictory
results so perhaps different social
reasons played a role and people
extorted more money where we would have
expected less money think about what
you're paid versus what do you think you
deserve if there's a difference between
these two that difference will be what
you'll be stealing part of the reason
why I had a worse effect is that we
think that four police officers were
extorting the money when they were
better paid the sense of self-importance
was exaggerated while these issues were
examined in Ghana doctor of Pokemon says
that they can be extrapolated to include
the rest of Africa and so can some of
the solutions one of the biggest efforts
is spent to increase education both
overall and about the prevalence of
corruption you may come to think that
it's normal if it's acceptable since
it's all that you know so one of the big
policies which have to be focused on has
to do with raising awareness and
education and developing countries as
well as providing the broader structures
for policies to work another suggestion
has been to implement more technological
solutions like people paying for their
transit fares through a mobile app
leaving no room for bribe cash
transactions you know if you are dealing
with a person it's easier for the person
to extort money from you but if you're
dealing with a machine that if that part
is taking out of the discussion so
there's a big race to automate as much
of government services in Africa as
possible to remove the middleman who may
extort bribes while corruption continues
to plague much of the developing world
many solutions have been proposed yet
the problem has seen little improvement
while dr. a pok√©mon's observations and
solutions are valid they'll likely take
a long time to implement and an even
longer time to take effect with
something as institutionalized and
historically accepted as bribery and
corruption change will be slow and
aramitan
I need to learn along the way we want to
take a moment to thank our partner at
the Blum Center for developing economies
at the University of California Berkeley
in innovation and research hub that's
tackling issues in global poverty make
sure to check out some of their
incredible work by visiting Blum Center
Berkeley edu although corruption is an
endemic problem in Africa that's not the
only part of the world struggling to
learn more about what drives corruption
and which countries are suffering the
most check out this video the country
that took the biggest tumble was Brazil
which dropped 7 positions in just one
year this is due in part to the
Petrobras scandal in which Brazilian
politicians allegedly took millions of
dollars in bribes in exchange for
awarding public contracts thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for more videos every
day
