in August 2016 a Russian human rights
group released a report detailing the
practice of female genital mutilation in
a relatively remote mountain region of
the country despite the practice having
been condemned by the UN in the World
Health Organization Russia has no law
expressly prohibited it moreover one
religious leader in the region called
female circumcision a quote healthy
custom with another religious leader
saying that the real problem was
feminism Russia is not known for its
record of women's rights so what is life
really like for women in Russia well as
with many other countries Russia is
predicated on a patriarchal society and
women have shockingly few legal
protections from their husbands reports
by human rights groups show that more
than half of all Russian women are
threatened with violence or are victims
of violence and roughly a quarter of
them suffer sexual abuse as well
unfortunately rape is seriously
underreported in Russia largely due to
stigma victim blaming and legal and
efficiency according to a 2013 report by
the Russian government roughly 40
percent of all violent crimes occur
within the family and despite efforts to
introduce a bill criminalizing domestic
violence all attempts have been shut
down within Russian culture domestic
abuse is more of a private matter than
something discussed or dealt with by law
enforcement surprisingly one female
member of parliament famous for
introducing a law banning quote gay
propaganda proposed a new bill which
would actually decriminalize domestic
violence
moreover women suffer from the same lack
of representation both financial and
political that can help change their
situation Russia ranks 75th in the world
for gender inequality according to the
World Economic Forum World Bank notes
that while Russia has one of the highest
rates of female participation in the
workforce just 4% lower than their male
counterparts women only make about 60 to
70 percent of what men make and although
women in Russia are legally allowed
maternity leave some one are forced to
sign contracts which effectively waive
their rights to work in case they get
pregnant this is in spite of the fact
that article 19 of the Russian
Constitution guarantees equal rights for
men and women and without greater
representation the situation will not
get any better although there are women
in the Russian parliament the proportion
is low according to the World Bank from
1990 to 2015
signage of women in Parliament dropped
from 16% to 14% in Russia women are
marginalised see violence perpetrated
against them make less money and have
less power than men although women's
rights groups are making some strides in
the legislature to try and change the
situation the long-standing
male-dominated culture has left little
room for rapid improvements in 2012
feminist punk band Pussy Riot was
arrested for hooliganism after
performing an anti-putin prayer in an
Orthodox Church with the lawyer
defending the church calling feminism a
mortal sin clearly Russia is still not a
great place to be a woman be sure to
watch this next episode on seeker
stories to get an inside look at
Russia's popular womanhood schools which
teach women how to navigate their love
lives in her one-on-one courses Alysia
offers counseling beauty and styling
tips all with the aim of creating what
she believes is the ideal woman thanks
for watching seeker daily and make sure
to LIKE and subscribe for new videos
every day
