Russian President Vladimir Putin's
actions of the past few years have led
some to suggest he may be trying to
reinstate the former Soviet Union so how
exactly did the Soviet Union rise to
power well the history of the Union of
Soviet Socialist Republics begins with
the end of the Russian Tzar 'dom for
hundreds of years
Russia was ruled by a series of monarchs
called the czars who wielded absolute
authority but in the early 20th century
Russia suffered a series of demoralizing
military defeats both in the Russia
Japanese war and during World War one
these failures were coupled with
brutality from tsar nicholas ii the
state of affairs eventually prompted a
revolt from revolutionary groups who
rejected rule by elites instead
encouraging rule by the working class
the most notable of these were the
Bolsheviks led by Vladimir Lenin in 1917
two back-to-back revolutions first out
stood the Tsar then replaced the interim
government with local groups of workers
known as Soviets the following year the
Czar and his entire family were
summarily executed shortly thereafter a
civil war between loyalists known as the
whites and revolutionaries called the
Reds broke out the Reds won and unified
under the communist ideology creating
the first socialist state the Union of
Soviet Socialist Republics in 1922
Vladimir Lenin was instituted as the
leader of the state and the Bolsheviks
were renamed the Communist Party lemon
nationalized the country's industries
particularly manufacturing and banking
and distributed land amongst its
citizens those who opposed him were
either executed or imprisoned in
concentration camps in a campaign known
as the Red Terror although Lenin died
just two years after the formation of
the USSR his cult of personality was
used throughout its history to promote a
political ideology known as Marxism
Leninism a derivation of communism after
Lenin's death another revolutionary
Bolshevik Joseph Stalin gained power
despite serious opposition from Lenin in
his final years this opposition was kept
secret from the public and Stalin
effectively became a dictator in the
Soviet Union he focused on rapid
industrialization and turning the
country into a major economic power
although Stalin's series of five-year
plans
transform the state were generally
successful they came at a severe cost
millions were unjustly imprisoned in
labor camps called gulags an intentional
famine killed millions more in short
because workers were unable to eat their
own grain as it was considered state
property under socialism in the 1930s
Stalin implemented a campaign known as
the Great Purge to execute her exile
anyone who is a potential threat to
communism including intellectuals and
politicians as the ruler during World
War 2 Stalin made a peace pact with Nazi
Germany when Germany broke the pact and
attempted to invade in 1941 Stalin sent
millions of citizens to their deaths to
defend the country successfully pushing
back the siege in the aftermath of World
War two Stalin's regime funded communist
uprisings in other countries creating
conditions for the cold war against the
Western and capitalist United States
Stalin died in 1953 and at the time was
revered as a nationalist hero who'd
fought back the Nazis and brought Russia
into the industrial age which is
considered by some the peak of the USSR
s power the following years brought
efforts to D stallin eyes and reverse
the power of the dictatorship and
purchase and gulags still within a
decade the country began slipping into
decline and despite efforts to
revitalize it while competing with the
United States the USSR eventually fell
apart we can't do episodes like this
without our sponsors and this episode is
brought to you by domain.com if you're
an entrepreneur innovator or building a
small business domain.com is the place
to go in that next great idea hits you
get 20% off domain coms already
affordable domain names and web hosting
when you use the coupon code seeker at
checkout when you think domain names
think domain.com during the onset of the
Cold War the Soviet Union was an
economic and political superpower
rivaled only by the United States so
what led to its eventual decline find
out in the second part of the series the
fall of the Soviet Union although
different theories have been proposed
one suggests that the Soviet Union was
desperate to outperform the United
States and two major regions military
and spaceflight this led to excessive
spending with the Soviet Union
establishing a self-contained
military-industrial complex thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
