imagine you are walking down the street
in the city you've called home your
entire life and then this happens
this is a scene that plays out everyday
in cities across Syria the civil war is
currently in its fifth bloody year and
the country is virtually unrecognizable
city streets are barren buildings have
turned to rubble and an estimated
250,000 lives have been lost but
thousands more would have perished if it
wasn't for one group of civilians who
fearlessly rushed toward danger when
bombs go off these men and women in
white helmets rescue victims caught in
the crossfire so who are these heroic
volunteers the white helmets is the
unofficial name for the Syrian civil
defense a rescue organization made up
entirely of volunteers who operate in
opposition controlled Syria according to
their own data the group have rescued
more than 58,000 people including ohm
Ronda kaleesh
who painfully reminded the world of the
horrors unfolding in Syria every day the
task of these modern-day war heroes is
extremely dangerous to date around 130
white helmet volunteers have been killed
in the country's relentless Civil War
one of the group's most notable losses
happen in August when an airstrike
killed the white helmet volunteer who
miraculously rescued a baby we've been
trapped under rubble for 16 hours one of
the white helmets biggest challenges is
barrel and cluster bombs these
explosives are full of chemicals or bits
of metal that are designed to cause
indiscriminate casualties and are
against international law since Russia
intervened in the Civil War in 2015
these attacks have become more frequent
with some cities being hit multiple
times a day aside from the danger
presented by barrel bombs the white
helmets also have to operate in the
presence of rival militias the Islamic
state and groups linked to al-qaeda and
they've even rescued Syrian government
officials who are themselves often
responsible for many of the
tax that's because the white helmets are
by and large a non-political
organization that is their only goal is
to save the greatest amount of lives in
the shortest amount of time
regardless of the ideological stance of
the people they're rescuing however
that's not to say that the group stays
out of the political arena the white
helmets have urged the international
community to take action against Russia
and Syrian President Bashar al-assad for
the use of illegal barrel bombs though
the UN argues that aside from banning
them there's little they can do to
alleviate the situation the white
helmets have also critiqued the Western
world for being too focused on defeating
terror groups than Assad despite the
fact that the Syrian regime is
responsible for considerably more
civilian deaths but their message may
finally be getting through when the war
in Syria escalated around the end of
2012 the white helmets were relatively
unknown back then they were comprised of
disjointed teams of volunteers today the
white helmets are receiving more
international attention in 2016 the
group was nominated for the Nobel Peace
Prize and was featured in a Netflix
short documentary and thanks in part to
modest funding from individual donors as
well as the UK Denmark Holland Germany
Japan and the US they are now a formal
emergency response organization the
white helmets have a motto to save one
life is to save all of humanity and
Assyria faces another failed ceasefire
the volunteers will continue what some
have called the most dangerous job in
the world
Russia and the Assad regime have dropped
thousands of bombs on Syrian cities like
Damascus Homs and kobani but perhaps the
most devastated Syrian city is Aleppo so
what is life really like for those still
living in
war-torn city watch this video to find
out before war broke out in 2012 Aleppo
was a bustling city home to around 2
million people today thousands have left
and the city itself is divided Assad has
control of the West while opposition
forces rule the East including the
historic center of the city known as the
old city of Aleppo thank you for
watching seeker daily please don't
forget to Like and subscribe to see new
videos every day
