politicians are expected to be
well-versed on everything from
healthcare to economics to the
environment but most politicians aren't
doctors academics for scientists so
where are they getting their information
you and I read the news but when
deciding on government policy the news
isn't enough to get an in-depth
contextual look at the issues
politicians and others turn to think
tanks so what exactly is a think tank
and can they be trusted well a think
tank is a body of experts who do
research and advocate for public policy
the institutions are often called
universities without students as their
researchers ostensibly function as
nonpartisan academics searching for
answers to unresolved questions even
though most think tanks position
themselves is either ideologically left
or right leaning their research is
understood to be legitimate and
evidence-based their findings are widely
trusted and often used to justify new
laws political talking points and other
shifts in public policy for instance the
2010 Affordable Care Act's health
insurance mandate originated from a
proposal published two decades earlier
by the right-leaning Heritage Foundation
however the conservative think tanks
plan was more localized and far less
comprehensive than Obamacare ended up
being the first think tank originated in
the 19th century in London in an effort
to formalize the science of British
defense and was populated by military
members this early think tank was
intended to be a strictly scientific and
professional society and not a club and
to this day it provides analysis of
security and defense issues by the early
1900's this concept made its way to the
US where philanthropist Andrew Carnegie
founded a think tank to conceptualize
ways to end the First World War the
think tanks leading members were even
party to peace talks today think tanks
exist all around the world however
nearly 1/3 or about 2,000 are in the
United States think tanks are largely
funded by corporations and wealthy
individuals as a result they're at the
risk of leaning in the political
direction of their sponsors which can
potentially skew their findings
documents obtained by the New York Times
and New England Center for Investigative
Reporting revealed that the Brookings
Institution and other think tanks
allegedly consulted with donors before
completing studies and the donors were
able to shape the final outcome to their
interests in a separate investigation of
75 think-tanks many of their researchers
had simultaneously worked as lobbyists
members of corporate boards or as
consultants in regulatory disputes for
instance when new regulations on
internet providers were being proposed a
researcher at a powerful conservative
think-tank egregiously advocated against
the regulations he filed formal comments
with the Federal Communications
Commission and even wrote an op-ed for
the New York Times all while being paid
as a consultant for an organization
representing Verizon and other mobile
providers but think tanks aren't
exclusively designed to support partisan
arguments they're also used around the
world to improve lives organizations
like the United Nations where lie on
think tanks to design plans for dealing
with poverty famine and war in the most
efficient and manageable way possible
without think tanks there will be a lot
more uncertainty and fewer facts if
you're like me and love history science
and exploration you should check out
science go where you can binge watch all
seasons current and past of your
favorite shows right now I'm watching
marathons of how it's made check out the
link in the description below to learn
more politicians aren't only swayed by
think tanks but also by paid lobbyists
lobbying is a controversial practice and
some have even called it legalized
bribery so what exactly is it and can it
be good find out in this video and
lobbying can be that simple people are
groups petitioning their representatives
to vote for issues they care about but
that's not all lobbying is it's also big
business carried out by professionals
who register with the government and are
paid by third parties to lobby on their
behalf thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
new videos every day
you
