during President Barack Obama's 2015
trip to East Africa he praised Ethiopia
as a symbol of political stability and
economic prosperity in Africa however in
the time sense the country has seen
dramatic changes economic growth has
slowed an ongoing drought has threatened
food security and clashes between
citizens and government forces have left
hundreds dead the United Nations the US
government human rights organizations
and most recently an Ethiopian athlete
at the 2016 Summer Games have all spoken
out against the violence so why is
Ethiopia falling apart while much of
Ethiopia's domestic dissent is aimed at
its ruling party the Ethiopian People's
Revolutionary Democratic Front or EP RDF
soon after they took power in 1991 the
EP RDF divided Ethiopia along ethnic
lines literally the country is made up
of nine regions each of which is named
after the ethnicity of its inhabitants
the epr DF strongly favors the interests
of the two grains who populate the to
grey region although ethnic to grains
only make up roughly 6% of the
population their representatives have
seized a hundred percent of the seats in
parliament unsurprisingly the epr DF is
largely viewed as corrupt and the party
as a whole allegedly wields unchecked
Authority on the press the military the
lawmaking process and the economy in
November 2015 this existing geopolitical
tension erupted into protests which were
concentrated in the region belonging to
Ethiopia's largest ethnic population via
Ramos this region is mostly made up of
farmland and in 2008 the state began
leasing large portions of it to foreign
governments this intensified the Oromos
existing frustration over the state's
so-called master plan to expand the
country's capital city into their land
the government later nixed the plan out
of quote huge respect for the Oromo
people however it wasn't enough to
appease the people and in July 2016
protests spread to a second region which
is home to the second largest ethnic
group the Amara's instead of leaving
regional police to mitigate the protests
the government has sent in the military
and the infamous anti-terrorism task
force which has allegedly fired live
rounds into groups of protesters these
actions are tacitly permitted under
Ethiopia's
commercial anti-terrorism law which
gives the state sweeping powers to
mitigate the threat of extremist
ideologies since the law came into force
in 2009 it has been used to justify the
kidnappings torture and arbitrary
detention of anyone who vocally opposes
the government this is all happening as
Ethiopia suffers from its worst drought
in half a century primarily affecting
the country's rural population El Nino
induced rain shortages have killed up to
90 percent of crops in some areas
reportedly leaving as many as 10 million
people in need of food aid of course the
Ethiopian government did not induce the
drought
however it has intensified much of the
populations ill feelings towards the
state as public officials reportedly
ignored early warning signs of an
environmental crisis in an attempt to
preserve the narrative of economic
success and prosperity with this delayed
response the country is far from
obtaining its appeal for one point four
billion dollars in international aid
Ethiopia's environmental and political
problems show no sign of slowing down
making the matters worse the government
has effectively closed off the country
from the media foreign correspondents
encounter excessive hurdles and
obtaining press visas and local
journalists are reportedly harassed or
jailed for reporting on the unrest or
providing information to human rights
groups with little international
coverage and seemingly no end to the
government's violent reign the country
will likely remain in turmoil
Ethiopia's history is very complex and
plagued with corruption if you want to
know how the ruling party secured so
much control over the country find out
by watching this video around 30 percent
of the population lives below the
poverty line and only a small handful of
government and business officials hold
significant wealth several watchdog
organizations attribute the wealth
disparity to widespread corruption in
2014 transparency international ranked
Ethiopia as one of the most corrupt
nations in the world thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe so you get new videos from us
every day
