president-elect Donald Trump has
threatened major changes in the way
America does business abroad perhaps
more than any other countries this will
have a huge effect on both China and
Mexico two of America's largest trading
partners in fact in the wake of Trump's
victory China and Mexico have deepened
their own bilateral ties in an effort to
rely less on the u.s. in light of this
we wanted to know what is the basis of
China and Mexico's relationship while
Mexico and modern China established
formal relations in 1972 just months
earlier China formally entered the
United Nations replacing Taiwan which
was ousted as a member the newly
recognized People's Republic of China
was embraced by the global community
with notable exceptions like the US
which didn't switch its allegiance from
Taiwan to China until 1979 Mexico had
long-standing friendly relations with
Taiwan but with country after country
recognizing mainland China Mexico
eventually followed suit over the past
40 years China and Mexico have competed
in dust really selling cheaply
manufactured goods using low paid labor
predominantly to the United States this
is perhaps best exemplified by the rise
and fall of Mexico's maquiladoras which
are huge factories that assembled
duty-free imports into products which
are then sold to the United States and
other large countries exports from
maquiladoras are a large component of
the Mexican economy especially since the
formation of the North American Free
Trade Agreement or NAFTA from 1995 to
2000 after NAFTA was enacted exports of
products assembled in Mexico tripled and
by the turn of the century these exports
accounted for roughly a quarter of the
country's GDP but around the same time
China's exports were expanding and in
2001 it joined the World Trade
Organization now like Mexico China was
able to cheaply assemble products
through their own massive factories and
with preferential treatment under the
WTO it quickly surpassed Mexico as the
United States is 2nd largest import
supplier and within a few years hundreds
of maquiladoras were shut down putting a
strain on the Mexican
economy although an economic rivalry
still exists between China and Mexico
the two countries have in recent years
shifted from competitors to partners in
2013 China's President Xi Jinping spent
three days in Mexico to negotiate
agreements on energy trade and education
according to Mexico's president Enrique
Pena Nieto China even agreed to import
more Mexican tequila and pork bilateral
trade between the two countries
surpassed 70 billion dollars in 2015 and
despite their distance
tourism is surprisingly common this may
be due to the fact that Mexico is the
only country in Latin America with
direct flights to Shanghai among the
many things China and Mexico have in
common is that they are both major
targets in Donald Trump's attacks on
free trade and globalization in December
2016 during a press conference marking
45 years since the two countries
established formal relations the Chinese
ambassador to Mexico promised that their
allegiance would remain strong in the
uncertain times ahead
since Trump's presidential victory the
two countries have already signed an
agreement to expand food shipments from
Mexico to China and Mexico is contracted
to offshore oil fields to a major
Chinese state controlled oil company
with big global changes likely to come
China and Mexico strong bilateral
relationship is more important now than
ever
Donald Trump has threatened
unprecedented changes to decades of
friendly relations between the US and
China it's unlikely however that he will
cease the alliance altogether as the
u.s. is incredibly dependent on China
economically so how exactly does the
United States need China find out in
this video
China's environmental actions are seen
as a guide for other developing
countries particularly in Africa without
China the US would have considerable
difficulty convincing the world to go
green thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
new videos every day
you
