in late December 2015 the Vice
Chancellor of Germany accused Saudi
Arabia of funding Islamic extremism in
the West by establishing Wahhabi mosques
around the world in fact the connection
between Wahhabism Saudi Arabia and
Islamic extremism has been an uneasy one
in light of several terror attacks in
Europe throughout 2016 so what is the
connection how is Saudi Arabia funding
Wahhabi mosques around the world in
Belgium for example many blamed the
flare-up in religious extremism leading
to the attacks in Brussels on the Saudi
sponsored grand mosque the mosque had
its main director removed in 2012 for
being suspected of teaching Sunni
radicalism similar to that of the
Islamic state Wahhabism itself is a
popular form of ultra conservative Islam
practiced by groups like Isis and
al-qaeda and actually has its roots deep
into Saudi Arabia's history it started
in the mid 18th century with preacher
Muhammad bin Abdul Wahab who promoted a
strict version of Islam that would not
deviate whatsoever from Sharia law al
Wahab settled in a part of the Middle
East called der aya the home of the
original family of Saud and partnered
with the local ruler Muhammad even Saud
to form the first Saudi emirate Saud
took over the military and political
matters while al-wahhab dictated a
religious authority over the state over
the next 300 years this partnership has
held through Saudi Arabia's rapid
expansion and oil prosperity al Hobbes
descendants the al-sheikh family are the
leading religious authority
well the Saud family rules the country
this tight-knit relationship has given
rise to Saudi Arabia and Waka BISM
effectively being two halves of the same
coin with its enormous wealth Saudi
Arabia has worked to spread Wahhabism
since 1962 the Saudi funded muslim world
league has promoted the construction of
Wahhabi mosques around the world with
some sources claiming as many as 1500
mosques were built in the second half of
the 20th century in fact it is estimated
that more than 100 billion dollars has
been spent promoting Wahhabism by Saudi
backers Saudi Arabia's efforts to
promote their state-sponsored religion
has many worried by its very nature
Wahhabism is an ultra conservative form
of Islam that would appeal to repressive
extremist terror groups
despite the kingdom's claims that they
do not condone tear
wrist actions public executions for
homosexuality and some of the worst
women's rights in the world all come
from Saudis Wahhabism interpretations of
Islam moderate Muslims around the world
have pushed back against Saudi Arabia's
actions but with so much money shoring
up their global religious evangelicalism
there's no question that whop ism is a
powerful force so just how accurate is
the comparison between Saudi Arabia and
the Islamic state where do their beliefs
overlap and where are they total
opposites find out by watching this
video in Saudi Arabia
Wahhabism is seen as the true
interpretation of Islam they also
believe that anyone who does not
practice their version of Islam or
heretics thanks for watching seeker
daily everyone don't forget to Like and
subscribe so you get new videos from us
every day
