throughout early 2016 Turkey's
Parliament's struggle to agree over the
country's proposed constitutional
overhaul the parliamentary speaker
suggested that Turkey adopt a religious
Constitution as it would reflect the
country's majority Muslim population but
the president recep tayyip air Dewan
dismissed the idea of a religious
Constitution while supporting the
country's Muslim culture caught between
east and west turkey has grappled with
its religious and cultural identity for
as long as it's existed so is Turkey a
Muslim nation or as secular while
according to its current constitution
Turkey is secular and has been since its
birth as a nation in the early 1920s
turkey's founder and first president
mustafa kemal ataturk transformed the
former Ottoman Turkish state into a
secular republic with the belief that
Western politics and values were the
only way the new country would modernize
this Western secular ideology called
Kemal ISM came to define Turkey's
identity and remained largely
unchallenged until a coup d'etat in 1980
the country's new military government
reversed course and encouraged the
practice of Islam in public life in an
attempt to drum up nationalism and
prevent communist or leftist sympathies
this effectively brought Islam back into
the political conversation and paved the
way for Islam focused politicians like
Eyre Diwan to gain popularity one of the
best representations of turkey's ongoing
religious debate can be seen in its
public school system throughout the
second half of the 20th century
religious education was gradually
integrated into public schools with the
1980 military coup made islamic studies
mandatory and also facilitated a sharp
increase in imam hot tip schools which
based their curriculum on the teachings
of islam after air Dewan took power in
2002 the number of students attending
these religious public schools nearly
doubled as many secular schools were
converted into religious ones the change
has been met with resistance from
secular parents many of whom have no
choice but to place their child in such
an institution this and countless other
attempts by air duan and his ruling
party to Islamize the country have been
met with widespread public opposition
this may come as a surprise as official
reports show that the country's
population is somewhere between 95 and
percent Muslim however these numbers
have raised questions as every Turkish
citizen is automatically registered as
Muslim at birth we spoke with
istanbul-based journalist Suzy Hansen
who told us that many Turks
self-identify as Muslim but are not
religious just as many Americans call
themselves Christian even if they don't
follow Christianity it's safe to say
that Turkey is a predominantly Muslim
country however a 2016 Pew report showed
that only 13% of Turks believe that the
Quran should directly influence their
country's laws Suzy Hansen says that
most of turkey's current polarization is
not along religious lines but political
and ethnic ones that is those who are
for air21 versus those who oppose him
and those who support Kurdish rights
versus those who do not as the ruling
party continues to wield power the
debate will undoubtedly continue the
growing power of air Dewan and his
ruling party recently led to a failed
attempt at a coup d'etat for an
explainer on why president air21 is so
controversial check out this video still
in 2014
heir to one was elected president with
52% of the vote that year US Vice
President Joe Biden accused Turkey in
other countries of financially
supporting Isis for which he later
apologized thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for new videos every day
you
