the United States and Pakistan are
ostensibly allied countries the u.s. is
Pakistan's largest trading partner
accounting for a quarter of Pakistan's
exports and the two have worked closely
together on counterterrorism efforts for
the past decade and a half yet events
like these secretive capture of Osama
bin Laden in Pakistan in 2011 have cast
doubt on to the closeness or
trustworthiness
of their relationship when polled
Pakistanis and Americans rank each other
among their least favorite countries so
are the United States and Pakistan
really allies well from the birth of the
Islamic Republic of Pakistan as an
independent country in 1947 the United
States has held diplomatic relations
with and supported the new Muslim nation
in fact Pakistan was specifically
created as a home for Muslims in the
region when it was split off from India
since this was around the time of the
Cold War and India was aligned with the
Soviet Union the United States saw an
opportunity for an ally in the region to
guard against communism the two
countries soon developed favorable
relations and the u.s. also developed
similar relations with Egypt Israel and
Saudi Arabia over the next few decades
these early alliances scared the USSR in
1979 one of the Soviet Union's last
allies Afghanistan was on the verge of
collapsing from internal instability
fearing that the country would align
with the US as the rest of the region
had done Russia chose to invade
Afghanistan to maintain its foothold the
resulting soviet-afghan war was one of
the u.s. and Pakistan's biggest
collaborations in what was the longest
and most extensive covert operation in
CIA history the US government used
Pakistani intelligence services to
distribute weapons and funds to the
Muslim Afghan mujahideen fighters
against the Soviets after the Soviets
retreated in 1989 a number of these u.s.
Pakistan backed fighters went on to form
insurgency groups in the region
including Osama bin Laden of al-qaeda
and Mohammed Omar of the Taliban but
soon after the end of the war Pakistan
developed its first nuclear weapons
against the u.s. warning not to do so in
1990 the u.s. imposed heavy sanctions on
Pakistan in the Pressler amendment
ending most military and economic
assistance to the country unless it
ended its nuclear program for the next
decade the two could not be considered
close allies but with the attacks of
September 11th and the you
is almost immediate invasion of
Afghanistan neighboring Pakistan again
proved to be a necessary ally Pakistan
had long supported the Mujahideen
founded Taliban government which the
country itself had inadvertently created
during the Soviet war but pressure from
the United States forced Pakistan to
quickly reverse course and allow the
u.s. to use their military bases for the
invasion against the Taliban however
despite this collaboration in the war on
terror Pakistan has not been viewed by
the US as a trustworthy Ally in 2008 the
director of the NSA accused Pakistani
intelligence of deliberately feeding
information about incoming American
attacks to the very jihadists they were
trying to fight in 2011 the secret
capture and death of Osama bin Laden
just miles from a Pakistani military
base heavily strained relations between
the two countries Pakistan has been
repeatedly accused of harboring
terrorists by US officials and even by
the country's own former ambassador to
the US although they've been friendly
throughout their allied history and have
never seen direct aggression against
each other it's more than clear that the
US and Pakistan are allied out of
necessity on the other hand India and
Pakistan have a history of territorial
cultural and religious aggression yet
the two countries were once one country
so why do they hate each other so much
find out by watching this video India's
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is also
accusing Pakistan of engaging in a proxy
war against India through terrorism the
question is what started all of this
fighting and will we ever see an end to
this conflict thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for new videos every day
