ease of travel has shaped the growth of
the world's largest cities today that
next big step for a metropolis is
establishing an airport so just how
valuable our airports to a growing city
well every century the dominating mode
of transportation tends to dictate the
speed of development the eighteenth
century had boats and seaports the 19th
century relied on railroads the 20th
century said the introduction of
highways and now the 21st century is
dominated by air travel in all of those
cases major travel hubs led to
significant regional development and
today airports are no different
although establishing an airport is a
massive investment it can bring billions
of dollars into the local economy and
promotes growth in valuable industries
multiple studies and in analysis by the
Atlantic City lab show a close
connection between the number of airport
passengers a city hosts per year and
growth in the regional economy and
employment figures and this data is not
specific to the number of flights or the
amount of cargo passing through an
airport city but the actual number of
passengers the busiest airport in the
world is located in Atlanta Georgia
and alone it generates a state economic
impact of roughly seventy billion
dollars a year and benefits the region
with nearly half a million jobs
accounting for one in seven this type of
reliance on airports for a city's growth
is what some researchers believe is the
beginning of an era propolis future
aerotropolis is a metropolitan region
dominated by and dependent on a central
airport this is essentially seen as the
next step in the globalization of the
world by way of travel as travel gets
cheaper and more integral to the global
economy more metropolitan regions are
expected to incorporate airports which
would connect to major hubs across the
country not unlike seaports of the past
aerotropolis cities would allow rapid
growth especially in cases where more
direct or local transit is needed
researchers show that the number of
flights and passengers is correlated to
the number of college graduates in the
city and its reliance on knowledge-based
industries over manufacturing both
factors which signify dramatic economic
growth this aerotropolis model has
already been attempted in a few places
around the world most notably California
San Diego County has received
a federal grant to develop an aero
propolis system that could work for
similar regional areas the primary
brownfield municipal airport is expected
to provide more than half a billion
dollars every year just to the San Diego
economy although the aerotropolis future
is still in its early research stages
the rapid growth of airport based cities
is a hallmark of American development
roughly half of all airports in the
world are located in the United States
which has over 19,000 in total this huge
amount makes it easy for regions to
invest in their local Airport and
undoubtedly bring millions if not
billions into the local economy so what
does a potential aerotropolis look like
one of the closest maybe the
hartsfield-jackson Airport which serves
100 million passengers a year learn more
about how it became so enormous and
efficient and what that means to the
rest of the world a direct flight can
only transport people from a single city
to a single destination and limits the
total number of passengers while also
forcing planes to complete longer trips
at the expense of more fuel the
hub-and-spoke system establishes a
centralized location that planes flight
to and from allowing multiple planes to
pick up passengers from different
locations to be deposited at a central
hub thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
new videos every day
you
