for the past four and a half decades no
one has visited the Moon December 13
1972 was the last time humans walked its
surface so why did we stop going to the
moon well from the first moon landing in
1969 to the last one in 1972 only 12
people have walked on the moon the
astronauts and even one geologist
studied its surface planted measuring
equipment brought back moon rocks and
stuck a flag in the ground while that
may not sound like much originally the
space program was an enormous deal the
build-up to Apollo was against the
backdrop of the highly-charged Cold War
the most visible marker of which was the
space race with the Soviet Union
but while the landing changed the world
forever enthusiasm for the space program
almost immediately collapsed with the
goal having been completed many in the
US believed that the relatively symbolic
mission was unreasonably expensive
NASA's budget at its peak in 1966
covered nearly four and a half percent
of the u.s. s total federal budget or
more than 40 billion dollars in today's
terms in fact although there had been
three more Apollo missions planned
they were scrapped in favor of launching
Skylab NASA's first space station in the
years to follow the benefit of space
stations and the huge amount of
cooperation between countries in trying
to establish the International Space
Station by the late 90s effectively
eliminated interest in actually having
people on the moon in fact since 1972 no
human has even left low-earth orbit much
less reached the moon plus by 1973 the
saturn v rocket was retired which was
the only one able to produce enough
power to make the trip to another
celestial body but in the mid-2000s the
idea of going back to the moon was
reintroduced with the NASA Authorization
Act of 2005 this time the plan wasn't
just to stop by the Act established a
framework for NASA to quote develop a
sustained human presence on the moon to
promote exploration science Commerce and
US preeminence in space this resulted in
the highly anticipated constellation
program and the creation of new rockets
that would
the Saturn 5 sadly just three years
after constellation was started the
global economic crisis hit by 2010 the
Obama administration announced that the
program was over budget behind schedule
and lacking in innovation and
constellation was officially defunded
along with a large portion of NASA while
the organization once comprised nearly
four-and-a-half percent of the federal
budget by 2011 they were only allocated
less than half of one percent in 2013
NASA's chief administrator stated that
they would not put humans on the moon in
his lifetime although NASA does expect
to send people into Mars orbit by the
2030s but that doesn't rule out the idea
completely although NASA is unwilling to
invest in another trip Russia China
Japan and the European Space Agency have
all aimed to send their own astronauts
to the moon with the ESA helping to
establish a moon base within 25 years so
while it likely won't be Americans the
moon may just see a human presence in
the relatively near future NASA's budget
keeps falling but its plans are more
than ambitious so what would NASA be
able to do with double the budget find
out in this dnews episode
well according to Jeff Matthews of the
space Frontier Foundation a well funded
NASA could send more crew to the
International Space Station provide
money for commercial spaceflight boost
deep-space human missions and help us
send a robotic mission to Europa thanks
for watching seeker daily don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
