for years groups in and outside of the
United States have been calling for
significant police reform in respect to
the disproportionate targeting of
minorities excessive force and multiple
shootings of unarmed suspects and 2015
Human Rights Watch said that the US had
quote largely failed to address numerous
UN recommendations to improve its
judicial system over the previous five
years so why and how has police violence
gotten so bad in the United States well
one of the largest reasons for the
rampant increase in aggressive police
tactics is the blurring of lines between
law enforcement in the military since
the 1970s when Richard Nixon introduced
the war on drugs
overall arrests have dramatically gone
up using the drug war as a catalyst
Ronald Reagan passed a federal law
allowing police to cooperate with the
military and use military equipment this
militarization ramped up by the 21st
century and following the September 11th
terror attacks both the Department of
Homeland Security and the Department of
Defense contributed funding to local
police around the country during the war
on terror more and more police received
surplus military equipment with some
holding weapons such as grenade
launchers and armored vehicles with
mounted guns
moreover multiple reports including one
from the Department of Justice note that
police are better trained in
self-defense than they are in community
building and the use of non-violent
solutions for much of the country
there simply is not enough adequate
training focused on de-escalation in
fact a 1981 court case Warren versus the
District of Columbia found that while
police are held responsible to the
public at large they were not actually
required to assist individuals and
cannot be sued for negligence as a
result a similar ruling by the Supreme
Court in 2005 dismissed a claim against
police for not acting to keep several
individuals out of harm the court found
that the lack of action did not violate
the victim's constitutional rights
this lack of accountability to the
public coupled with a lack of internal
accountability have led to widespread
abuses in power not only are the
standards for police brutality different
across the board but even when police
brutality is clear it is almost never
prosecuted one study of New Jersey
brutality complaints in two
14 found that only 1% was ever
investigated and the national average of
complaints investigated by internal
units was less than 10% in 2006 in an
effort to curb such abuses a 1994
Violent Crime Control and Law
Enforcement Act allowed law enforcement
agencies to be sued in civil court but
this ultimately did little to address
the actual problem since it's most often
the local tax funded government and not
the police department which ends up
paying those civil settlements in a
nutshell the past few decades of police
reform have seen law enforcement agents
equipped with military surplus gear will
not only untrained in the use of that
equipment but also untrained in
nonviolent tactics
moreover abuses go unreported on
investigated and unpunished and punitive
measures only hurt the community not the
police department while there are plenty
of law-abiding committed police officers
as a whole their presence resembles more
of an occupying military force than law
enforcement in 2015 President Barack
Obama announced that the federal
government will no longer provide heavy
military equipment to police but the
debate over militarization is still
ongoing find out more about police
militarization in the video at the top
and if you want to know more about the
legality of lethal force by the police
check out the video at the bottom thanks
for watching seeker daily make sure you
subscribe and like so you get new videos
every day
you
