during a televised interview in April
2016 French president Francois Hollande
begged his supporters not to abandon him
in the next election many in Ilan's own
party have called him a traitor and
sought unprecedented measures to field a
new candidate in 2017 meanwhile his
overall approval rating has slumped to
14% making him the most unpopular
president in the country's history so
why is a lond so unpopular well despite
temporary spikes after the Charlie Hebdo
and November terrorist attacks in Paris
Ilan's approval rating has stayed
consistently low elan stands firmly in
Frances far-left Socialist Party however
he's been criticized on all sides of the
political spectrum for his perceived
indecisiveness and lack of authority
elan is also blamed for Frances
weakening economy and stubbornly high
unemployment rate which in 2016
hit 10% some attribute this to Frances
outdated Labor Code which protects
workers rights job security and the
famous 35 hour work week many
high-ranking officials including a lond
as well as the European Commission
consider Frances labor laws to be
ultimately harmful to the country's
economy to combat this Ilan's
administration introduced a bill which
would weaken those worker protections
the reforms proved to be wildly
unpopular as the country's Labor Code is
seen as a sacred representation of its
core values in early 2016
thousands took to the streets and social
media to protest the reform many of whom
represent Ilan's target voter
demographic leftist youths perhaps the
biggest blow to allen's popularity was
his infamous nationality law which would
have stripped citizenship from dual
nationals who were convicted of
terrorism the proposed constitutional
amendment was a direct response to the
November 2015 terror attacks in Paris as
a majority of the known attackers held
French citizenship but many French
officials including those in Ilan's own
administration opposed the amendment
arguing that it was a direct
contradiction to Frances principles for
equal protection which are laid out in
their constitution after little support
in the Senate the initiative failed and
elan himself eventually withdrew support
some have called this series of events a
point of no return for many of his
supporters alongs unpopular presidency
coupled with a string of terror attacks
and a dwindling economy
paved the way for the country's
far-right National Front party to gain
support during the first round of
regional elections in 2015
the National Front won nearly 30 percent
of the vote
an all-time high for an anti EU and
anti-immigration party this has led many
on the Left fearing that the National
Front's radical leader marine lepen
could have a shot at winning the 2017
election although experts say this is
unlikely given Lapine's radical stances
on immigration and Islam it's safe to
say that the future of France remains
unclear National Front is just one of
many right-wing groups gaining power and
popularity in Europe find out what some
of the other major extreme right parties
are and how they've come to power one
example is Sweden which is known for
accepting up to twice as many refugees
per capita than most other European
countries the last five years have seen
the far-right anti-immigration group
ironically called the Sweden Democrats
jump from about three percent of the
vote in 2006 to more than 25% approval
in national polling in 2015 thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
you
