in May 2016 the United Nations released
its annual world happiness report which
ranks more than 150 countries according
to their quality of life perhaps
surprisingly the tiny Nordic country of
Iceland ranked higher than nearly every
nation on this list
despite its isolation extreme weather
and long dark winters so what is life
like in Iceland and why are the
Icelandic people so happy well in just
about every sense Iceland is small at
just under 40 thousand square miles the
entire country could fit inside the u.s.
state of Kentucky
Iceland's population of over 300,000 is
extremely homogeneous with nearly 95%
ethnic Icelandic about two-thirds of its
people live in or around the capital
Reykjavik which ranks as one of the
safest cleanest and most eco-friendly
cities in the world and Reykjavik is not
too different from the rest of Iceland
as the country runs almost completely
unreadable geothermal energy and boasts
extremely low crime rates in fact it has
one of the lowest per capita murder
rates in the world with one for every
100,000 people as a result police and
security have little presence and even
the country's larger cities function
more like small towns Icelandic people
have high levels of collective trust and
as such are known to keep valuables in
plain sight and send their young
children to school by themselves this
cooperative mentality is reinforced by
Iceland's government infrastructure the
country is a parliamentary republic and
maintains a generous social welfare
system that provides free education
through college as well as healthcare
and nine months of paid parental leave
for both mothers and fathers as a result
most Icelanders are healthy well
educated and employed the unemployment
rate is just 5% and the average citizen
lives about
three years which is 12 years longer
than the global average this can also be
attributed to Icelanders healthy
lifestyles a typical Icelandic meal is a
smorgasbord of organic produce yogurt
and local fish and the most popular
leisure activities are ice climbing
kayaking and going to the gym another
national pastime is reading and writing
Iceland publishes more books per capita
and translates more international
literature than any other nation in the
world and studies show that roughly 1 in
10 Icelanders will publish a book in
their lifetime for perhaps the best
symbol of Iceland's ubiquitous health
happiness and unity or it's huge heated
public pools also called Sun lugar these
pools are widely regarded as a kind of
civil right and Families teenagers and
seniors are known to lounge in them in
near nudity everyday Sun the GAR are not
only lauded for their health benefits
but also their ability to unite the
community and build public trust
experts say Iceland's strong sense of
community has solidified its so-called
happiness maintenance which is a
consistently high happiness rate even
when the country is in crisis for
example after the 2007 global recession
decimated the country's economy some ice
lenders actually reported greater
happiness experts say this is because
those who lost their jobs tended not to
feel isolated as ice lenders can count
on their friends family and government
for support with a healthy educated
populace and a strong safety net life in
Iceland doesn't look too bad
Iceland isn't the only happy-go-lucky
Nordic country the rest of them are
pretty well off with a high standard of
living but are they powerful politically
or economically find out by watching
this video but unlike similarly large
nations the Nordic countries have some
of the lowest population density in the
world with only 26 million total
residents this is mostly because half of
their land is uninhabited Arctic thanks
to Greenland thanks for watching seeker
daily everyone don't forget to Like and
subscribe so you get new videos from us
every day
you
