in May 2016 French president Francois
Hollande announced that the country
would reject the transatlantic trade and
investment partnership in its current
state this comes just months after US
President Barack Obama's visits to the
United Kingdom and Germany where
thousands of protesters urged him to
stop TTIP negotiations opposition to the
trade deal is nothing new and disputes
among leaders on both sides of the
Atlantic have stalled the treaty for
nearly three years so what exactly is
the TTIP and why is it so controversial
well the TTIP is a potential trade
agreement between the United States and
the European Union the deal aims to make
trade easier by reducing tariffs and
altering regulations on goods which vary
from country to country
for instance the US has different food
safety standards than countries in
Europe meaning that trading meat and
agricultural products is often difficult
or impossible the TTIP aims to resolve
this by harmonizing US and EU safety and
production standards not just on food
but on clothing pharmaceuticals and slew
of other goods this is not unlike the
TPP or Trans Pacific Partnership which
is almost identical goals but exists
mostly between Pacific Rim countries the
Obama administration and other
proponents of the TTIP argue that the
deal will boost commerce between the US
and Europe thus creating millions of
jobs in those regions and elsewhere
according to the European Commission the
TTIP would lead to about a hundred and
forty billion dollars of economic growth
for the EU and nearly a hundred and ten
billion dollars for the u.s. over the
next decade most of the controversy
centers around the deals potential
changes to regulation and safety
standards particularly those in Europe
activists and politicians have voiced
concerned that the TTIP would force
Europe to sacrifice their food
environmental and labor standards in
order to conform to the USS
comparatively lower standards for
example many US meat producers treat
their chicken with chemicals like
chlorine before it's sold to consumers a
practice that's long been outlawed in
Europe out of fear that the chemical is
cancer-causing many speculate that
should the TTIP go through it would
coerce European chicken producers to
adopt this controversial practice
moreover critics worry that the deal
gives corporations too much power as it
would allow foreign business
tusu sovereign governments if their
regulations are deemed unfairly
restrictive these speculations gained
major footing in May 2016
when Greenpeace Netherlands linked 248
pages of classified documents regarding
the TTIP the documents acknowledge
irreconcilable differences between US
and EU standards particularly in animal
testing engineering drug safety and the
environment however even after the leak
most TTIP negotiations have stayed
confidential but many Europeans
particularly business leaders have
strongly advocated for the TTIP this in
part comes from the fear that if the EU
does not adopt the deal Europe will then
have to increase trade with China which
in many cases has even lower production
and safety standards than the US and
although vocal opposition may suggest
otherwise
the TTIP is generally viewed as
beneficial among Europeans a 2015 Pew
report showed that nearly 60% of
Europeans favored stronger trade ties
between Europe and the u.s. still all 28
EU member states and the European
Parliament must approve the TTIP before
it takes effect with France and other
European countries still opposed to the
deal it will likely be years before we
see anything come to fruition the TTIP
sister agreement the TPP is just as
controversial if not more so you can
learn more about the trans-pacific
partnership by watching this video up
top or you can learn whether trade
agreements are any good for the economy
in general by watching the video below
thanks for checking out seeker daily
don't get like and subscribe for new
videos every day
