on May 12 2016 brazil's vice president
Michel temer was sworn in as the
country's interim president while the
incumbent Delma Rousseff undergoes
impeachment proceedings but Timbers own
political career has been marred with
controversy and his pivot to power has
not been well received among resilience
so who is Brazil's new president and is
he a step in the wrong direction well
before he was vice president
temer was a longtime constitutional law
professor and the president of the
centrist Brazilian Democratic Movement
party in 2015 he spearheaded the push to
impeach President Rousseff for which
Rousseff condemned him as a traitor but
since himself taking office Tamra has
proved to be wildly unpopular in fact a
2016 poll showed that only two percent
of Brazilians would vote for him given
the chance so why is temer so
controversial well like many results
high-ranking public officials he's been
linked to corruption most notably the
Petrobras scandal in which dozens of
lawmakers allegedly pocketed money from
inflated contracts with the state-owned
oil giant temer has been accused of
playing a key role in electing to petrol
bust executives who were later found
guilty of fraud and bribery and in 2014
temer himself was found guilty of
overstepping campaign finance limits a
ruling that bars him from running for
presidential office for eight years this
is all under the backdrop of Timor's
questionable and perhaps unlikable
behavior he's attracted criticism for
his marriage to a former beauty pageant
contestant who's 43 years his junior as
well as his cold formal demeanor which
has been compared to a butler in a
horror movie but much of the controversy
surrounding temer is not actually about
him but his newly formed cabinet the
20-plus member group he's exclusively
made up of white men many of whom were
implicated in the Petrobras scandal and
all of whom were hand-picked by temer
this stands in stark contrast to
Brazil's racially diverse population and
historically gender-balanced government
what's more Timbers cabinet choices are
questionable his Justice Minister has a
history of unfairly cracking down on
activists his sports minister is a
businessman with a
Angell stake in the 2016 games and most
infamously his the initial choice for
minister of science was a well-known
evangelical preacher and creationist but
more broadly
Tamra's takeover represents a shift in
Brazil's political identity he and his
cabinet are fiscally and socially
conservative thus putting a temporary
stop to more than a dozen years of
left-leaning leaders but whether it be
conservative or liberal brazil's
government is still seemingly corrupt as
more than half the senate is under
investigation for some form of
malpractice as jilma Rousseff's chances
of reclaiming office become increasingly
slim it may not be until a completely
new president takes over in 2018 that
brazil sees any real improvement between
Timur and Rousseff Brazil is on a pretty
negative streak of hated presidents
learn more about julna Rousseff and why
she was so disliked by watching this
video
well since President Rousseff began her
second term in 2014 her approval rating
has plummeted reaching an all-time low
of under 10 percent many citizens blame
her for brazil's recent economic
downturn which is its worst since the
1930s Great Depression thanks for
checking out seeker daily don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
