in 2015 a video surfaced of the Islamic
state burning a Jordanian pilot alive
since then Jordan has effectively
declared war on the terrorist
organization joining a us-backed
anti-isis coalition and ramping up
airstrikes on Isis camps in neighboring
Syria this has been quite an undertaking
for Jordan as the country already houses
more than 600,000 Syrian refugees and
has struggled with a fragile economy so
just how powerful is Jordan well Jordan
is a relatively small country in the
Middle East at nearly 35,000 square
miles it's about the size of the US
state of Maine Jordan is also home to
just above 8 million people
considerably less than its populous
neighbors Iraq and Saudi Arabia although
their ruler king abdullah ii has limited
power under the country's constitutional
monarchy he directly or indirectly
controls much of the judicial and
executive branches leaving the country
far from democratic in spite of his
sweeping powers king abdullah has
contributed to jordan's relative
stability and well diversified economy
in the early 2000s Abdullah spearheaded
a series of economic reforms including
expanding international trade and
privatizing state-owned enterprises this
has resulted in a steadily growing GDP
which today amounts to roughly 36
billion dollars a year but unlike much
of the Middle East
Jordan is lacking in lucrative natural
resources like oil and gas that leaves
its economy heavily reliant on imports
and remittances however Jordan does
produce an array of goods including
potassium fertilizer tomatoes and one of
its top exports knit sweaters tourism
has also been one of Jordans selling
points as the country is known to be
among the safest in the Middle East but
Jordan's economy also suffers from
chronically high rates of poverty
unemployment public debt and corruption
as a result much of the country's youth
grow to be frustrated and disillusioned
and seeing little opportunity join
radical militant groups according to a
report by the Mercy Corps Isis alone has
recruited an estimated 2,500 Jordanians
considering its small population and
fragile economy Jordan's military is
actually quite impressive the country
boasts 175,000 personnel and has a
defense budget of one and a half billion
dollars or about
4% of its GDP Jordans armed forces are
reportedly well-trained professional and
modern and the country enjoys military
support from the US the United Kingdom
and France who likely have an interest
in Jordans proximity to war-torn regions
Jordans military has relied on subsidies
from these alliances for decades the US
alone has contributed nearly 16 billion
dollars in military and economic aid
since the 1950s
Jordan also benefits from its membership
in the Arab League and the Organization
of Islamic Cooperation Jordan's relative
stability and strong military are likely
why the u.s. Israel and Saudi Arabia
have teamed up with the country to fight
extremist groups in the region although
Jordan is not without problems its
growing economy and efficient military
make it an attractive ally King Abdullah
has had a huge role in shaping Jordan
into the country it is today learn more
about how powerful the monarchy really
is by watching the video at the top and
Isis is proving to be a huge obstacle in
the Middle East so King Jordan defeat
the terrorist group find out by watching
the video at the bottom thanks for
checking out secret daily don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
