hartsfield-jackson Atlanta International
Airport is the busiest airport in the
world serving a hundred million
passengers on nearly a million flights a
year so how did this Atlanta Airport
become so important well the key to the
hartsfield-jackson airport is the
influence of Delta Airlines Delta is the
largest airline in the world by number
of passengers carried which in 2014 was
nearly a hundred and thirty million the
next largest airline is Southwest with
just less than half a million fewer
passengers the Atlanta Airport is
Delta's primary hub having served as the
company's headquarters since 1941
today the airline accounts for roughly
three-quarters of the millions of
passengers using hartsfield-jackson but
the real success of both Delta and
Atlanta originated around the
hub-and-spoke system of air travel which
Delta pioneered in 1955 this system
eliminated issues with direct only
flights a direct flight can only
transport people from a single city to a
single destination and limits the total
number of passengers while also forcing
planes to complete longer trips at the
expense of more fuel the hub-and-spoke
system establishes a centralized
location that planes fly to and from
allowing multiple planes to pick up
passengers from different locations to
be deposited at a central hub from there
flights can be scheduled for passengers
to a single destination thus raising the
number of passengers per flight and
lowering the amount of fuel used per
passenger Delta was able to maintain
relative exclusivity among Airlines with
the system until the 1978 airline
deregulation Act which removed
government oversight from airline
competition and allowed them to merge
and create more effective and
centralized hubs almost all major
airlines adopted the hub-and-spoke
system and Delta's primary hub was and
still is at the hartsfield-jackson
Atlanta International Airport the
combination of the largest airline with
the hub-and-spoke system means that a
majority of domestic delta flights pass
through Atlanta and Delta isn't the only
beneficiary of the busy Airport in 2013
the state of Georgia received roughly
three and a half
billion tax dollars from aviation
operations in Atlanta and when taking
into account the overall economic impact
of airports including employment and
tourism Georgia benefits to the tune of
sixty four billion dollars a year
although this includes all of Georgia's
airports the hartsfield-jackson Atlanta
Airport accounts for ninety seven
percent of the state's passengers the
Atlanta Airport was instrumental in
setting up the system nearly all
airlines use today and contributes
billions to the local economy the next
largest airport in the world is located
in Beijing China and serves about 10
million fewer passengers each year but
uses the same hub-and-spoke system
pioneered in Atlanta without it millions
of passengers would have a much harder
time getting around the world planes
made it possible to transport people and
goods in a brand new way leading to the
eventual globalized economy to follow
along with the history of this
development watch our video here the
premium placed on fast cross country or
even international delivery brought in
considerable funding for development of
even faster routes today roughly a third
of all international trade by value
spends time in the air and some
companies like Amazon are even
experimenting with drone delivery
services thanks for watching seeker
daily make sure to LIKE and subscribe to
get all of our new videos
you
