throughout the 2016 election candidates
Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders have had
clearly divided in opposing views but
one topic on which they share their
opposition is that of free trade
agreements many people have demonized
free trade agreements like NAFTA and the
TPP in the last year so what exactly are
these agreements and what is so bad
about them well first it's important to
realize that the world economy and by
extension standards of living are
dependent on international trade in
practice countries which produce more
usually do better economically and many
countries enact trade rules which favor
their own production for example in the
1920s European farms were able to sell
agricultural goods to the United States
very cheaply this undercut American
farmers and so Congress passed the
smoot-hawley tariff which raised taxes
on imports this artificially made
foreign goods very expensive compared to
domestic goods
now favoring the American farmer laws
and rules like these are called
protectionist free trade agreements are
at their most basic a series of
compromises between countries they
remove protectionist restrictions and
taxes but also work to keep
participating economies from falling
apart without them most countries are
members of the World Trade Organization
which regulates international trade
agreements and maintains the global
economy but one of the problems with
free trade agreements is they can also
hurt consumers for example in 2011
tobacco giant Philip Morris sued the
country of Australia for implementing
anti-smoking regulations the company
argued that the regulations would
violate a portion of a 1993 trade
agreement between Hong Kong and
Australia because plain packaging would
diminish their trademark and even though
the lawsuit failed to stop restrictions
it is an example of free trade agreement
overreach a much more common complaint
especially in the u.s. is that free
trade agreements lead to outsourcing and
a loss of American jobs when the North
American Free Trade Agreement or NAFTA
was established between the US and
Canada and Mexico in 1994 it eliminated
most taxes on imports and exports
between those countries this made it
cheaper to import food and goods from
Mexico than it was to grow or make them
in the United States this led to
considerably cheaper goods and a net
benefit for consumers
however the trade agreement also led to
outsourcing those same farming and
manufacturing jobs to Mexico it's been
estimated that 1 million jobs have been
lost to NAFTA over the past two decades
in short a free trade agreement makes it
easier for foreign countries to compete
with local production making everything
less expensive according to free-market
principles but for those workers who
actually have to compete with cheaper
foreign labor or resources they're often
forced to find new work there are also a
huge number of other considerations
besides actual trade that go into free
trade agreements like environmental and
copyright concerns in the end free trade
agreements can make Goods cheaper and
more available however this benefit can
come at the expense of thousands if not
millions of jobs the TPP is one such
free trade agreement that has received
major criticism but what exactly is that
trade agreement about check out our
video here to learn more economists like
Robert Rogers called as a global race to
the bottom that's an economic term per
when governments reduce regulations and
taxes in order to attract investing
companies this practice is the added
effect of lessening labor laws lowering
wages and raising the rate of
outsourcing thanks for watching everyone
make sure to LIKE and subscribe so you
get more test-tube news from us every
day
