Malaysia has reached out to its
neighbors seeking support against China
and its claims on the South China Sea
Malaysia says it can't stand alone
against China's aggressions so just how
powerful is Malaysia well in terms of
its size Malaysia is somewhat average at
nearly a hundred thirty thousand square
miles or about the size of the US state
of New Mexico Malaysia is the 67th
largest country in the world
Malaysia's population of nearly 30
million ranks higher than most countries
but pales in comparison to neighboring
Indonesia and the Philippines which
together account for more people than in
the United States but Malaysia's
population is growing and the country
has considerable economic potential with
a GDP of 338 billion dollars Malaysia
joins the ranks of South Africa and
Colombia as a middle-income country
Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak
hopes to bolster the country to high
income status by 2020 in part by
reducing its dependence on exports which
account for more than 80 percent of its
GDP historically Malaysia relied solely
on resource based exports like palm oil
and gas however today the country boasts
a wide range of exports many of which
are non resource-based like electronics
and cars Malaysia is also part of the
Association of Southeast Asian Nations
and the trans-pacific partnership both
of which promise greater economic
cooperation between member states but
Malaysia's government is plagued with
corruption scandals Prime Minister Najib
himself has been accused of pocketing
more than 1 billion dollars of state
funds militarily Malaysia is also
somewhat unimpressive stacked against
the world's defense the country comes in
30 fourths
just below me and mark this is in part
because Malaysia only allots about one
and a half percent of its GDP towards
its Armed Forces well below the US as
nearly 4 percent in NATO's recommended
2% in the case of an invasion Malaysia's
army of just over 400,000 troops who
most likely be outnumbered as most of
its neighbours have significantly
stronger militaries Indonesia's army
boasts more than twice as many troops as
Malaysia and China has roughly 10 times
as many but due to Malaysia's small
military the country has formed
partnerships with most of its powerful
neighbors surely this is why Malaysia is
seeking help from
Southeast Asian allies and it's battle
over the South China Sea Malaysia has
historically taken a back seat in the
dispute but after China encroached on
the country's territorial waters in 2015
Malaysia has taken a harder line toward
China in the scope of this conflict and
on the world stage Malaysia is
effectively powerless on its own until
the country makes significant strides
toward its promising economic future it
will surely remain subordinate to its
powerful neighbors we'd like to take a
second to thank our sponsor this episode
is brought to you by Squarespace
they'll help you build a website even if
you've never done it before when you
sign up for a year they'll give you a
domain name for free and if you type in
test-tube at checkout you'll get an
extra 10% off Squarespace you should
going up against China is a challenge
not just for Malaysia but for almost any
nation so is China the world's strongest
superpower find out by watching our
video here until recently China was
getting most of their military
technology from Russia they're now
developing some of their own weapons but
on the whole they still lag far behind
for example they're the only member of
the big five in the UN Security Council
and capable of building their own
aircraft carriers thanks for tuning in
to test-tube news everyone make sure to
LIKE and subscribe for more videos every
day
