in March 2016 the Secretary General's of
NATO and the GCC met to discuss
strengthening ties between the two
organizations this comes at the heels of
increased tension among the GCC's Member
States due to nearby terrorist activity
in warfare NATO support is expected to
bring peace and stability to the GCC
region so what exactly is the GCC well
the GCC or Gulf Cooperation Council is a
political and economic alliance of
nearly every country in the Persian Gulf
the league consists of Saudi Arabia
Kuwait the UAE Qatar Bahrain and Oman
but notably leaves out Iraq and Iran all
six members are Arab monarchies and
aligned their values with Sunni Islam
the GCC formed in 1981 as a mutual
defense against the nearby iran-iraq war
their immediate goals were to end the
war through negotiations with Iraq
increased security within their own
borders and keep the Gulf freely
navigable as it was valuable for trade
today the GCC's military alliance has
shifted its focus to defeating
neighbouring terrorist threats like the
Islamic state in Iraq and Syria and
Houthi rebels in Yemen in 2014 and 2016
the so-called Arab NATO held joint
military exercises requiring each
country to contribute equipment based on
its size member governments have also
agreed to share all intelligence
regarding terrorism the GCC hopes that
their mutual defenses will eventually
end the Gulf's reliance on the west and
their anti-terrorism measures but so far
member states have yet to agree on an
effective strategy to do so
moreover their military alliance has
been criticized as being more beneficial
to the group's public image than to
their collective security beyond defence
the GCC is also an economic partnership
due to its abundance of oil and natural
gas the Gulf has some of the fastest
growing economies in the world in fact
if the GCC were a single nation it would
hold nearly 30 percent of the world's
oil reserves and its GDP would be
roughly 1.6 trillion dollars rivaling
that of Canada and Russia in 2008 the
GCC launched a fully integrated economic
system in which all member states
enforce the same laws regarding
employment stock trading and other
economic activities this has
successfully driven up trade and
investment across borders and opened up
opportunities in the government and
private sectors GCC leaders hope that
their common economic system combined
with a proposed central bank and single
currency will eventually elevate them to
the ranks of the world's leading
financial superpowers
whether it be militarily or economically
there's no denying the GCC's importance
on the Persian Gulf region the region's
growing threat of terrorism tensions
between Sunni and Shiite Muslims and
increasing power of Iran have left its
member states in a particularly
vulnerable position as such the air of
NATO is perhaps more crucial now than
ever for years the GCC has looked to the
North Atlantic Treaty Organization as an
example for its development to find out
more about NATO's power on the global
stage check out our video at the top and
the GCC has a lot of similarities to
ASEAN which is Southeast Asia's
political and economic organization find
out more about the role of ASEAN in the
video at the bottom thanks for watching
make sure to press like and subscribe so
you don't miss out on new videos every
day
