this is the story of many many secrets
and the damage that secrets can do after
World War two ended the Soviet Union
wanted the bomb and they wanted it fast
they built so-called secret cities
across the region hidden from view and
omitted from maps to jumpstart the
Soviet nuclear industry one of these
cities was Chung havens 40 home to the
MIAC plutonium production facility the
very first soviet new quiz developed
here in the late 40s and for the
residents of the city secrecy was a way
of life here's Nitesh ducati a PAVA a
russian woman who grew up in Chelyabinsk
40 of course I saw in my childhood that
we are unusual because there were
chickens system and there were soldiers
around our Co our CG my parents told me
that our city is secret but I was not
interested to know why we're secret the
Soviet Union was obsessed with keeping
the secrets of the miok plan
even when secrecy started to cost lives
these photos were taken by a documentary
crew just a few years ago in the area
around the MIAC site starting in 1949
this area played host to one of the most
sustained nuclear disasters in history
from 1949 to 1956 workers at the miok
facility discharged radioactive waste
into the nearby Tetra River poisoning
the local environment and sickening
nearby villagers then in 1957 some
nuclear waste buried underneath the site
exploded sending a radioactive cloud
drifting across 20,000 square kilometres
with its priority on secrecy the
government's damage control was
haphazard at best more than 10,000
civilians were evacuated from the area
but in some cases the process took as
long as 10 years meanwhile leukemia
rates in the area doubled stomach cancer
there became twice as common as in
Hiroshima and according to Alessandro
today a filmmaker on that documentary
crew communities in the region are still
suffering today
we found that many were children at the
time of the incidents did not survive
more than 40 years and that their
children at birth malformations and
diseases especially in the art all in
all the accidents at MIAC may have
contaminated half-a-million people
it wasn't until 1989 almost 30 years
later that Russia admitted to the
accidents at MIAC interestingly the CIA
knew about the 1957 explosion soon after
it happened but they also kept a tight
lid on what they found in fact America's
intel on MIAC was wrapped up in some
pretty high stakes spy craft
the famous YouTube pilot Francis Gary
Powers was shot down while surveilling
the disaster site that was the only way
we can find out that any information on
a closed out about a closed society so
why would the CIA help hide the my a
concern why not embarrass the USSR with
their own catastrophe well it's hard to
know but some have suggested that the
CIA didn't want to stoke fears in
America's own nuclear industry we would
have our own growth and our own
disasters to deal with in the years to
come the Russian government is more
forthright about its history these days
but only to a point
consider the tej Ducati abhava the woman
who grew up in the closed city of
Chelyabinsk 40 she since become an
advocate for the victims of the miok
disasters and she helped that
documentary crew shoot their film in
2013 and she suffered for her
involvement
here's filmmaker Michael amar : about
one year after her visit a twist in
legislation offered the local
authorities the opportunity to present
her as a sort of spy to suggest the
possibility of an arrest for treason for
a ties with foreign countries as leader
of an NGO and her relation with a
military nuclear compound
Natacha fled to Paris to escape a
government obsessed with keeping its
secrets for a little longer still
there's still much we don't know about
the MIAC disasters and much of what we
do know comes from the careful partial
release of secrets held for years which
means that finding the whole truth still
demands going to where you're not
welcome and staring those truths in the
face if you're looking for more on
nuclear accidents we've got a doc for
you to check out Animal Planet presents
the world premiere of life after
Chernobyl Tuesday April 26th at 10:00
9:00 central on Animal Planet
