in 2015 saudi arabia became the world's
third-largest military spender
overtaking russia by 20 billion dollars
worldwide more than 1.7 trillion dollars
was spent on defense throughout the year
as you know from our how powerful series
a country's international influence has
a lot to do with its military spending
so which countries are spending the most
on defense and where is that money going
Saudi Arabia spends so much because
they're the de facto leader of the Gulf
Cooperation Council the military
alliance of Gulf states in fact in 2014
the country had a higher budget and more
available manpower than all the other
GCC states combined but Saudi Arabia is
faltering economically due to falling
oil prices and lavish public spending in
2015 the country spent 8% more in
defense amounting to roughly ninety
billion dollars the uptick in spending
was a response to regional conflicts
like the Syrian civil war and the
growing threat of Isis Saudi Arabia also
spent more than five billion dollars
fighting a proxy war with Iran in Yemen
over the sunni-shia divide the second
largest military spender is China China
has spent roughly 200 billion dollars on
defense in 2015 but military spending
has actually dropped in recent years due
to slowing economic growth China was
forced to cut their standing army by
300,000 troops still at 2 million
members the front remains the largest
standing army in the world one of
China's biggest priorities is policing
the South China Sea which is a highly
disputed territory in the region China
also has ramped up support for UN
peacekeeping operations in Africa
although many allege that it is to
protect their energy interests due to a
lack of transparency by the Chinese
government
some estimates place the country's
actual spending and more than 50% above
it's public figures leading the pack by
a large margin is the United States
which spent roughly six hundred billion
dollars on defense in 2015 and while
that's more than the next seven highest
spending countries combined
it's considerably down from 2011 s
defense budget of more than 700 billion
dollars that's because in subsequent
years the US has partially withdrawn
from Iraq and Afghanistan and President
Obama has issued long term cuts
amounting to more than 1 trillion
dollars over the next
another reason for such a huge budget is
that the US has a massive international
presence with military personnel
stationed in roughly 150 countries the
top three countries are all regional
leaders and world powers so it's no
coincidence that they're all big
military spenders the same can be seen
in countries like Brazil in South
America and the United Kingdom in Europe
both of which spend more than their
neighbours and wield disproportionate
influence as international conflicts
persist and the threat of terrorism
grows it's likely that we'll see these
countries continue to act as the
regional police while China Saudi Arabia
and the United States spend the most on
their militaries are they actually the
most powerful find out in this video up
top you can also learn more about the US
military
abroad and why they have so many bases
overseas by watching the video below
thanks for watching test-tube news don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
