in our recent videos we've seen a lot of
comments asking us to talk about the
Rothschild family this family has been
accused of nearly every conspiracy we
could find their alleged to be leaders
of secret societies run the world's
media and financial systems and other
shady dealings the name Rothschild is
synonymous with extravagant old-world
wealth but we wanted to find out who
exactly are the Rothschilds well the
Rothschild family as we know them today
began with Mayer Amschel Rothschild he
lived in the 18th century and served as
a court Jew for German nobility as odd
as it sounds today a court Jew was
actually a respected banking position at
the time the act of charging interest
for money borrowed or usery
was prohibited by the Bible however Jews
had no such religious restriction and so
they were free to handle everyone's
finances Rothschild quickly amassed a
huge fortune working for powerful
European nobles and married the daughter
of another court Jew they had five sons
who each established extensive banking
industries in five major European
countries Germany Austria Britain Italy
and France in order to keep their
massive fortunes from dispersing too
widely Maier forced his children into
arranged marriages within the family
not unlike royal intermarriage moreover
his will barred female descendants from
a full inheritance since then the
Rothschilds have built up their wealth
even further by serving as Europe's
bankers during major conflicts including
the French Revolution and both sides of
the Napoleonic Wars they've also been
involved in funding massive projects
like the Suez Canal and once even bailed
out the Bank of England but are they
really part of a massive Jewish banking
media conspiracy to establish a new
world order as some are apt to believe
well all evidence points to no
understandably many Rothschild
descendants hold high-ranking business
and banking positions around the world
but it's not hard to see that old
aristocratic families have greater
access to opportunity and end up in
high-ranking positions that other people
may not have access to additionally
although the Rothschild group is one of
the largest global investment banks the
family itself is not nearly as rich as
some make them out to be a frequent
figure used in connection with the
family's wealth is five hundred
in dollars it's estimated that in the
entire world there are between one and
two quadrillion dollars and in fact the
global GDP is reportedly less than a
hundred trillion so the idea that the
Rothschilds control anywhere from half
to a quarter of all the wealth on earth
is effectively impossible more
realistically the LA Times reports that
the Rothschild fortune is estimated
between three hundred and fifty billion
and one trillion dollars which is still
a considerable amount but that money is
split among a large number of
descendants so individual Rothschilds
rarely appear on Forbes or fortune
wealth lists while the old Jewish
banking family is certainly wealthy and
relatively secretive there's little to
no evidence supporting a vast conspiracy
but chances are people who already
believe there is one won't be convinced
another even more popular conspiracy
group is the secretive Illuminati who
are they do they really control the
world is beyonce a member find out in
this video back in 1776 a secular
college professor in Bavaria Germany was
feeling ostracized by his Jesuit
colleagues and decided to start a
society to spread enlightenment era
ideas this was an attempt to shift the
pro monarchy Catholic supremacy movement
into a rational scientific and somewhat
more secular movement thanks for
watching test-tube news don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
