March 2016 marks nearly 40 years since
Egypt and Israel and a decades of
conflict by signing a peace treaty the
deal has been called one of the greatest
diplomatic triumphs of the 20th century
and the two countries have since
retained stable relations but recent
regional crises like the Egyptian
revolution and the israel-palestine
conflict have tested their diplomacy so
where do these two countries stand today
while much of Egypt and Israel's
relationship centers around a relatively
small area of land wedged between the
two countries called the Sinai Peninsula
over the course of the 20th century war
between Israel and the surrounding Arab
nations led to Israel repeatedly
occupying the peninsula this was largely
because it bordered the Suez Canal which
was an incredibly valuable shipping
waterway in the 1980s after a ceasefire
and peace treaty Israel withdrew its
military and civilian settlements from
Sinai in exchange for Egypt agreeing to
demilitarize the region this created a
hundred and fifty mile buffer zone
between the two nations for the next
three decades a cold peace and suit
we're in both countries reluctantly
upheld the peace treaty but Egypt and
Israel were forced to revisit the Sinai
issue in 2011 at the time Egypt was in
the middle of the Arab Spring revolution
its longtime President Hosni Mubarak was
ousted from office and replaced with a
military regime meanwhile local Sinai
tribesmen as well as Egyptians and
citizens of neighboring countries took
advantage of Egypt's weakened central
government to form a radical Islamic
insurgency the terrorist group has since
pledged allegiance to the Islamic state
and carried out deadly attacks in the
Demilitarized buffer zone in an effort
to stop this terror group in Sinai
Israel has steadily allowed Egypt to
deploy more and more troops to the area
and even after Egypt violated the treaty
in 2012 by overstepping its military
limit Israel did not file a formal
complaint and 2015 falling further
terror attacks Israeli officials
reportedly gave Egypt a quote free pen
to operate a northern Sinai against
local jihadist groups but despite the
newfound alliance against terrorism the
two countries did not see eye-to-eye on
the Muslim Brotherhood's Mohamed Morsi
he took office in Egypt in 2012 and
Israel with
hesitant to work with Morsi because of
his party's close ties to Hamas Hamas
and Israel have been enemies for decades
as one of the group's central goals is
to kill all Jews and see the complete
destruction of Israel
moreover morsi's neglect of the Sinai
Peninsula made the region even more
unstable leaving Israel in a vulnerable
position but Egyptian and Israeli
relations have significantly improved
since Morsi was ousted from office in
2013 this is primarily because Egypt's
new president Abdel Fattah el-sisi
renewed and strengthened the fight
against Hamas and Sinai militants
moreover all Sisi has a close personal
relationship with Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu and has committed to
helping Israel reach peace with
Palestinians today Egypt and Israel are
more than peaceful adversaries they are
strategic partners with a shared
interest in promoting goodwill and
eradicating Islamic terrorism but
Egypt's not always an ideal country to
partner with given its rampant
corruption learn more about Egypt's
corrupt activities in the video at the
top and while Israel and Egypt have
slowly rebuilt relations Israel and
Syria are far from it watch the video
below to see why the two countries hate
each other thanks for tuning in make
sure to subscribe for more videos every
day
