during the 20th century the world has
become more and more interconnected
globalization has brought the world
together in no small part thanks to the
development of airplanes so just how did
commercial aviation globalize the world
well the airline industry hasn't
actually been around for very long
compared to other modern technologies
the very first scheduled flight with a
paying passenger occurred on New Year's
Day 1914 although in the early years
commercial flights were expensive and
uncommon today just a little over a
hundred years later global air transport
moves more than three billion people per
year and in fact air travel is a massive
component of the global economy both
concerning the transport of people and
cargo in 1918 the first paid airmail was
established and began to serve as part
of the u.s. post office delivery service
this eventually developed into the first
commercial airmail Express Delivery
Service Federal Express essentially
seating the idea of overnight delivery
and time-sensitive packages the premium
placed on fast cross country or even
international delivery brought in
considerable funding for development of
even faster routes today roughly a third
of all international trade by value
spends time in the air and some
companies like Amazon are even
experimenting with drone delivery
services air travel also made it
possible for help to reach developing
countries and disaster areas much faster
than before by the 1960s Jets had pretty
much replaced propeller driven planes in
the airline industry underwent massive
innovation passenger jets were made more
comfortable and built to go for much
longer distances assuring in the golden
age of travel the new aircrafts were
also much larger bringing down the price
and allowing passengers to travel like
they'd never been able to before this
opportunity saw the Intercontinental
tourism industry explode and was one of
the first big steps in the globalization
of the modern world today travel and
tourism are a seven and a half trillion
dollar industry which is roughly twice
the GDP of the entire country of Germany
more than a quarter billion people are
employed in the industry accounting for
1 in 11 jobs on earth
with a continued expansion and
deregulation of air travel through the
80s budget airlines began to spring up
and competition between Airlines led to
extremely cheap fares making it even
more common to travel by air from 1994
to 2004 the number of air passengers
rose from 1.3 billion to nearly 2
billion today the air travel industry is
essential and lucrative during a 2010
volcanic eruption in Iceland many
European airports were closed leading to
a loss of about 1.7 billion dollars in
revenue and causing roughly a hundred
thousand canceled flights and more than
10 million stranded passengers being
able to get people in cargo around the
world in less time and for less money
has made it easy to connect different
regions cultures and businesses helping
to make the world a global community
funnily enough some of the first
airspace laws were passed after a
low-flying airplane scared a coupe of
chickens to death the laws contain a
loophole which drone manufacturers take
advantage of today you can learn about
this and more of the history and future
of flight on test-tube plus so lots of
people before during and after the
Wright brothers in the early 1900's
they've been flying all sorts of stuff
gliders hot air balloons very common
before that but they're not technically
airplanes right thanks for watching
test-tube news don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
