in February 2016 Indonesian president
Joko Widodo announced new reforms to his
aggressive economic stimulus plan these
included opening up Indonesia's economy
to foreign investment and meeting with
Silicon Valley billionaires like Mark
Zuckerberg and Google CEO sundar pichai
the World Bank and Indonesia's Finance
Minister expect the economy's overall
growth to continue by 5% or more in 2016
so with the country entering a new
economic chapter we wanted to know just
how powerful is Indonesia
well Indonesia is relatively large both
in terms of size and population the
country is made up of 17,000 small
islands which together account for
roughly 750,000 square miles
although the country is fairly spread
out its geography largely works to its
advantage Indonesia is a major trading
hub and because it has more coastline
than almost any other nation on earth
it's beaches draw tourists from around
the world with more than 250 million
people Indonesia is the fourth largest
country in the world just below the
United States it is also the most
populous Muslim country with roughly 87%
of Indonesians following Islam Indonesia
also has a powerful economy it is the
largest in Southeast Asia and the 16th
largest in the world with a GDP of
nearly 900 billion dollars since Widodo
took office in 2014 the country's
infrastructure budget has increased by
more than 53 percent however Indonesia's
exports have taken a hit in recent years
due to lessening demand from China
moreover Indonesia has one of the
fastest rising rates of wealth
inequality in the East Asia in fact
two-thirds of the population live on
less than $2 a day the nation is also
vulnerable when it comes to defense
Indonesia spends less than 1% of its
budget on military expenditures this is
well below NATO's recommended budget of
2 percent and the United States allotted
4 percent moreover with less than
900,000 military personnel Indonesia
could be an easy target for their
powerful neighbors like China which has
nearly 5 million active personnel so
just how powerful is Indonesia well in a
certain sense the country is very
powerful
Indonesia is benefiting from a
modernizing economy and a well-liked and
ambitious
new leader the country also has a
rapidly growing presence online
residents of Indonesia's capital city
Jakarta are more active on Twitter than
those of any other city on earth however
with a relatively weak military and a
struggling population Indonesia has to
tackle a few issues before they're
considered a truly powerful nation
Indonesia was one of the founding
members of the Association of Southeast
Asian Nations which is integral to the
region's development to learn more about
ASEAN and its impact in Southeast Asia
watch this video here since the fall of
the Soviet Union ASEAN has shifted its
focus to international trade border
security and collaboration with
neighboring countries like China and
South Korea for instance member states
GDP is range anywhere from roughly 11 to
888 billion dollars but collectively
their GDP is about 2 and a half trillion
dollars thanks for watching test-tube
news make sure to LIKE and subscribe for
new videos every day
