Selma sprang overnight from an obscure
southern town to the front pages of
world newspapers this Alabama town will
go down in the history books as a
turning point in the Civil Rights Drive
in Selma there is a lesson to be learned
that was a news report from March of
1965 about Selma Alabama when the city
was at the epicenter of a civil rights
campaign the actions that took place in
Selma helped to reform laws hindering
black citizens from voting in the south
but while summer helped progress the
civil rights movement in the 1960s some
argue that the city and its problems got
left behind
so is Selma really just a footnote in
history it was in Selma that dr. Martin
Luther King and the Southern Christian
Leadership Conference organized a march
to the state capital of Montgomery but
on Sunday March 7 1965 as marchers
walked across the Edmund Pettus Bridge
on the outskirts of Selma state and
federal authorities attacked the group
with tear gas and clubs
undeterred by the events of Bloody
Sunday as it came to be known protestors
decided to march again as one
demonstrator recalls everyone in the
crowd was determined to make it all the
way to Montgomery and you had to do it
because you saw the suffering you know
you live in America and why should you
be treated a little less than being a
citizen when March has finally reached
Montgomery on March 25th 1965 their
success became a pivotal and emotional
turning point in the civil rights
movement their actions helped to usher
in the Voting Rights Act legislation
designed to ensure that black Americans
could register to vote unhindered the
Constitution says that no person shall
be kept from voting because of his race
or his color we have all sworn an oath
before God to support and to defend that
Constitution we must now act in
obedience to that oath fifty years later
in 2015
Selma found itself in the news once more
in honor of the original civil rights
march US President Barack Obama crossed
the Edmund Pettus Bridge but while this
was a celebration of what civil rights
had achieved it was also a sobering
reminder that for the residents of Selma
and for many black citizens across the
u.s. the work is far from over
today Selma's population of 20,000 is 80
percent black unemployment is above the
national average and around 40% of
residents live in poverty and the stats
for Selma are outliers in 2013 the rate
of poverty for black Americans was
twenty-seven point two percent almost
three times that of white Americans
which is why for many civil rights today
is as much about poverty as it is about
voting according to one n-double-a-cp
spokesman there is no way to talk about
civil rights without talking about
economic rights they are all tied
together here in the south the new civil
rights movement
to take on poverty and that might be
happening on the 50th anniversary of the
March a number of protesters also cross
the Edmund Pettus Bridge they were there
to call attention to discrimination and
poverty in Selma and around the country
and the people of Selma are themselves
working hard to once again be the
example to prove that there are still
lessons to be learned here if we want to
honor the courage of those who marched
that day then all of us are called to
possess their moral imaginations all of
us will need to feel as they did the
fierce urgency of now all of us need to
recognize as they did that change
depends on our actions on our attitudes
the things we teach our children and if
we make such an effort matter how hard
it may sometimes see laws can be passed
and consciousness can be stirred and
consensus can be built
the recent deaths of black men and women
at the hands of police in America are
some groups campaigning to change the
u.s. criminal justice system to find out
more click this video
my father was in and out of prison lost
his life and I say it was the war on
drugs that killed him because instead of
him having access to treatment he was
locked up and put in prison we've also
got a video on what race discrimination
looks like today you can check that out
here thanks for watching and don't
forget to subscribe
you
