On February 13 2016 one of the nine
members of the Supreme Court Justice
Antonin Scalia passed away at the age of
79 Scalia was considered one of the most
conservative Supreme Court justices in
recent history and many Republicans are
worried that Obama may nominate a
left-leaning judge to replace him
some are demanding that the nomination
be postponed until after the 2016
election but Obama has vowed to nominate
a successor as it is his constitutional
duty so how exactly is a new Supreme
Court justice chosen well first it's
important to understand what the Supreme
Court is the court represents one of the
three major branches of government which
are all directly tied to upholding the
Constitution the legislative branch or
Congress writes the laws the executive
branch headed by the president carries
out the laws and make sure they are
enforced using law enforcement agencies
but the Supreme Court or the judicial
branch are the ones who evaluate whether
or not laws and treaties are
constitutional their legal opinion
dictates how the meaning of the
Constitution is applied most recently in
2015 the Supreme Court ruled that
same-sex marriage bans were
unconstitutional and so every single
line the country preventing same-sex
marriage became invalid that's a lot of
power so how our justice is chosen
well Supreme Court justices are not like
politicians they never have to seek
reelection as they hold the position for
life this is specifically to distance
them from the influence of political
donors and campaigning as well as the
executive and legislative branches but
when a justice resigns or dies the
Constitution says that the President
shall nominate and by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate shall
appoint among other positions the judges
of the Supreme Court there are actually
almost no qualifications for a justice
the president can nominate pretty much
anyone they don't even have to hold a
law degree or be born in the US however
while Obama may have a duty to nominate
a justice it is the Senate who confirms
the selection the confirmation process
is where the Senate vets and votes on a
potential justice the Senate Judiciary
Committee first collects as much
biographical legal and background info
Meishan on a nominee this is followed by
a hearing that can take anywhere from
hours to days eventually the committee
votes on the nominee and submits their
approval or rejection to the full Senate
the full Senate then holds its own
similar question field hearing before
holding a full vote if approved the
nominee becomes the newest Supreme Court
justice in the current case the Senate
is majority Republican and some senators
have already announced opposition to any
nomination by the president however the
Constitution allows the president to
fill the vacancy himself while the
Senate is not in session still this
potential appointment would expire at
the end of the following Senate session
and for now the Obama administration has
promised to avoid the option while the
upcoming nominee is still unknown the
actual process of nomination and
confirmation is fairly simple
and despite Republican opposition the
longest confirmation process in US
history took 125 days as of the death of
Antonin Scalia Obama has more than 340
days left in office to make that happen
whoever is chosen will likely serve for
the rest of their life but why exactly
do Supreme Court justices serve life
long terms find out in this video the
framers were vague about the federal
judges article 3 section 1 says that
they shall hold their offices during
good behavior which has historically
been interpreted to mean that they can
choose to serve for life unless they get
impeached
thanks for watching test-tube news don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
