the Amazon rainforest has been one of
the largest enduring mysteries in the
natural world it's dense sprawling
dangerous it's a black box for adventure
for explorers outside looking in the
Amazon has held a promise of riches a
test of manhood and a fulfillment of
legend and it's introduced some of those
same explorers to a unique brand of wild
primordial hell Western exploration of
the Amazon dates all the way back to the
1500s back then rumors swirled in Spain
of a South American king dubbed El
Dorado or the golden one rumor had it
that Eldorado presided over untold
fortunes of gold much of which was sunk
in a lake called Guatavita this
kick-started a frenzy of Spanish
expeditions into South America explorers
did find Lake Guatavita and some even
tried to drain it to reach its treasures
none were successful for centuries after
those first campaigns the Amazon
remained a magnet for explorers often
with disastrous results in 1617 British
adventurer Sir Walter Raleigh led his
own trip to find El Dorado City he
failed utterly returned home to England
and was promptly beheaded for picking
fights with Spanish during the trip in
1913 former US President Teddy Roosevelt
led an expedition to map one of the
Amazons tributaries he did succeed but
not before one of his comrades had
murdered another and he himself had
almost died from an infected wound and
maybe most famously
in 1925 a British explorer named Percy
Fawcett careened into the jungle once
again in search of a lost city
he called Z and vanished to this day his
fate is unknown and by one estimate 100
explorers have since died trying to
solve the mystery
now if exploring the Amazon sounds like
a fool's errand that's because for most
outsiders it is anyone trying to
penetrate the jungle must contend with
blood sucking gnats mosquitoes flies
ticks worms and tiny bees that clog your
eyes venomous snakes and poisonous frogs
crippling diseases like malaria and
yellow fever and
foliage rain and mud to slow foot travel
down to a half mile per day explorers
often called jungles like the Amazon
Green Hell given these conditions it's
no surprise that for European explorers
the central mystery of the Amazon was
whether or not it could support an
advanced native civilization but there
was a built-in irony to that question in
searching for El Dorado or Zee most
explorers dismissed the natives they did
meet as savages it didn't help that
within the first hundred years of
contact ninety percent of the natives in
the area were dead from Western diseases
and many of those left were run off
their land or enslaved in rubber and
sugarcane plantations in short Europeans
spent centuries looking for a
civilization to match their fables and
in the process they blithely destroyed
the civilization that was there all
along today we still have a lot to learn
about how ancient peoples lived in the
Amazon rainforest and even more to learn
about who and what lives there now it's
estimated that 10% of all known species
on the planet live in the Amazon and new
species are discovered there all the
time
what's more around 80 uncontacted groups
of people live in the jungle though
today there's a much greater effort to
respect those tribes sovereignty and
customs the point is we are nowhere
close to finishing the work that all
those explorers started some five
hundred years ago we're just approaching
that work and the Amazon itself with a
little more humility so we actually got
started on all these crazy adventure
stories because of our sponsor Toyota
they want to get the word out about
their new rav4 hybrid the all-new Toyota
rav4 hybrid let's your sense of wonder
lead the way and drive your passions
further the Toyota rav4 hybrid how far
will you take it and for another extreme
trip to one of the farther flung places
on the planet check out this video on a
photo dubbed the crack at the edge of
the world Lake Baikal is the world's
largest freshwater lake
considered by many to be the deepest
oldest and clearest lake in the world
but it's also a wild place one that can
be very dangerous and as always don't
forget to subscribe thanks for watching
