with the 2016 US presidential election
in full swing
many candidates have been praising
American democracy in an interview with
time Hillary Clinton said we have to
knit this democracy back together
clearly the presidential election is the
purest expression of the democratic
process right well not exactly in fact
not only is the election non democratic
but America itself is not a real
democracy it turns out that there are
almost no modern countries which would
be considered true democracies instead
countries we consider democratic are
actually forms of representative
democracy as opposed to a direct
democracy in a representative democracy
citizens vote for elected officials who
collectively vote in the place of
citizens and are expected to represent
their best interests although that's a
step above having a monarchy or
oligarchy you didn't vote for it isn't a
direct democracy a direct democracy
enables citizens to vote directly on
every law ordinance and appointment only
in Switzerland are there small regions
with forms of direct democracy although
the country as a whole is still
representative in the United States
citizens instead vote for Congress
people who represent their constituents
in the case of the presidential election
citizens don't even vote for the
president instead they vote for their
state's position in the electoral
college
this is where every state is given a
certain number of votes and in most
states all of those votes go towards
whichever candidate is chosen by the
majority the state's electoral votes are
intended to represent the state's
population but the country's popular
vote doesn't decide elections in the
year 2000 Al Gore lost the u.s. election
but actually got more votes than George
W Bush so doesn't this subvert the
founding fathers original intention no
it was the founding fathers themselves
who made sure there was no direct
democracy in the Federalist Papers James
Madison wrote that democracies were
spectacles of turbulence and contention
and incompatible with personal security
or property rights
the problem with the direct democracy is
that it often leads to the tyranny of
the majority this is when small groups
are oppressed because the majority is
unaffected by their oppression instead
modern representative democracy allows
disproportionate representation and
protection to those minority groups
there are also certain rights which are
enumerated in the Constitution instead
of allowing the public to vote on them
this system combined makes the u.s. a
constitutional republic and not a true
democracy in a nutshell the United
States and other modern democracies have
no real reason to be truly democratic
not only does a representative
government function more smoothly
it takes care of those who would
otherwise be ignored with the exception
of some local governments which do see
direct democracy from their citizens the
rest find it easier to choose someone
who represents their interests so why
isn't America a true democracy because
according to the founding fathers a true
democracy simply doesn't work on another
note this episode is brought to you by
Squarespace which will help you build a
website even if you have no idea what
you're doing they'll give you a free
domain name when you sign up for a year
and if you type test-tube in that check
out you'll get an extra 10% off
Squarespace you should and you should
also be glad that while the US isn't a
real democracy it also isn't a
dictatorship there are still a lot of
countries that have dictators and you
can check out which ones by watching
this video the word is often used
interchangeably with terms like tyranny
monarchy totality anism
autocracy despotism and even sometimes
with words like Republic and democracy
for example North Korea's full title is
the Democratic People's Republic of
North Korea thanks for watching go ahead
and hit the subscribe button for more
test-tube news videos every day
you
