since Donald Trump announced his
presidential candidacy in June of 2015
his position in the polls has
skyrocketed many data analysts and
journalists predicted that Trump's lead
within the GOP would collapse sooner or
later but in fact the opposite has been
true in mid-july Trump surpassed Jeb
Bush in average polling at about 15% as
reported by Real Clear Politics
by the first IO caucus in February 2016
he had shot up to 35% despite being
repeatedly demonized in the media for
xenophobic and inflammatory comments
some are saying that the media is at
fault so is the media responsible for
the rise of Donald Trump well there's
little debate that Trump's campaign has
been incredibly noteworthy for its
relationship with the media
although incendiary rhetoric is nothing
new for political candidates Trump has
managed to repeatedly provoke mainstream
media outlets calling them dishonest and
scum but at the same time it's been
clear that news organizations can only
thrive when they have high ratings and
high readership and candidates like
Trump have led to exactly that when
Trump dropped out of the Republican
debate in late January the debate
reached roughly 12 and a half million
viewers by comparison the first debate
in August while Trump holds around 25%
reached twice as many viewers the
Huffington Post
even announced that they would
categorize Trump coverage as
entertainment in July but they reversed
their decision in December it appears
that Trump is adept at garnering media
coverage according to the Tyndall report
in 2015 Trump's campaign received nearly
five-and-a-half hours of coverage alone
on NBC CBS and ABC's nightly newscasts
by comparison Jeb Bush ben Carson and
Marco Rubio received a little over two
hours
combined multiple candidates have
expressed outrage at the amount of
attention Trump's been getting even at
the debate which Trump skipped out on
the very first question was Donald Trump
has chosen not to attend this evening's
presidential debate what message do you
think that sends to the voters of Iowa
clearly it's all about Trump but many
are saying that this disproportionate
coverage of Trump violates the FCC's
equal
rule this rule states that qualified
candidates should have access to the
same quantity daypart
and price as their opponents however
free appearances such as newscasts or
even late-night talk shows are not
covered by this rule in fact one of the
few cases where this rule is applied is
in Trump's Saturday Night Live
appearance in November 2015
SNL is considered a purely entertainment
program and not news as such
SNL parent company NBC was required to
offer the remaining candidates similar
airtime it cannot be said for certain
that Trump's campaign has directly
benefited from the disproportionate
amount of coverage however it's
relatively clear that s's poll numbers
have risen so has his airtime although
it's possible that it isn't the media
that's responsible for Trump's higher
polling but Trump who's responsible for
the media's higher ratings in pursuit of
more coverage Trump has made a number of
controversial statements which some say
resemble fascist remarks so could Donald
Trump be a fascist check out this video
to find out well the problem with
identifying a fascist is that the label
is applied to a huge number of differing
political theories it was actually
Italy's Benito Mussolini who's
considered the founder of fascism in a
nutshell the ideology is based on
strengthening a country through extreme
nationalism a powerful leader and the
exclusion of weaker groups an essay by
Italian philosopher Umberto Eco
distinguishes 14 characteristics which
are found in fascism and which have been
the subject of accusations against
Donald Trump thanks for watching
test-tube news don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
