across the world more and more Muslim
women are fighting for gender equality
scholars political figures and activists
are scrutinizing verses within the Koran
that concern gender roles in Islam
because in many cases it is Scripture
that's formed the basis of laws and
customs that govern gender equality
scripture like this which in part reads
men are in charge of women because Allah
hath made the one of them to excel the
other so good women are the obedient
guarding in secret that which Allah has
guarded for centuries Muslim scholars
have taken this first to mean that
Muslim men have authority and
guardianship or Kalama over women and
according to scholars like Saba Mahmood
this interpretation is one of the key
obstacles holding back gender equality
within Islam there are other schools of
Islamic thought which argue that in fact
the idea of Pama or the idea of
guardianship is something that needs to
be broadened given how Islamic societies
have changed the world has changed but
today there are many many examples of
how the traditional guardianship
interpretation is still the norm in many
parts of the Muslim world in Saudi
Arabia a woman cannot leave the house
unless she's accompanied by a man and in
Egypt a man can divorce his spouse
without grounds or going to court but a
woman cannot and there are many more
examples of rules that are based on the
premise that men have a God given
authority over women however in the
fight for gender equality Islamic
feminists aren't taking that as a given
there is a very strong movement to
interpret the Quran and the prophets
life through a feminist lens and their
argument is that look we believe in
Islam in the truth of Islam but we also
think that the subordinate status of
women in Islam is a function of the way
that these scriptures have been
interpreted and that's another important
thing to know these women are feminists
but they're also devoted Muslims this
means that the Western concept of
secular feminine
simply doesn't work for their fight for
Islamic feminists their cause is rooted
in finding ways to work within their
religion since in Muslim countries like
Saudi Arabia and Iran religion and law
are entangled
take for example Sharia law Sharia is a
legal framework derived from the Quran
and Muhammad's teachings which
influences law throughout the Muslim
world and it's often critiqued by those
fighting for gender equality but as
Sabah points out the flight for women's
rights may still have to include Sharia
rather than simply say that Sharia
should be abolished these groups are
actually trying to say actually a
Shariah should be reformed an Islamic
feminism is making progress in Morocco a
local women's movement helped to reform
divorce laws women there can now divorce
and they're also protected from the
practice of repudiation where a man can
renounce his marriage at will however
Sabah believes that the real key to
legal reform in the Islamic world is not
homegrown movements or even the
reinterpretation of the Quran it's women
gaining significant political power
because without power there's no
interpretation and without
interpretation those verses really are
just words on a page the battleground
for the idea of male-female equality and
Islam has to be fought not only on the
principles of what Quran says or does
not say but who has the political power
to be able to say that their
interpretation is right
Sharia law is practiced in many Muslim
countries watch this video to find out
more or watch this one to find out which
Muslim countries are the most supportive
of women's rights thanks for watching
and don't forget to subscribe
