at the close of 2015 more than 50 women
had publicly accused comedian Bill Cosby
of sexual assault spanning over five
decades but only one of those incidents
resulted in criminal charges that's
largely because for many of these crimes
the statute of limitations has expired
so what exactly is a statute of
limitations and why do we have them on
certain crimes well in the US legal
system a statute of limitations is
basically a deadline for filing a
lawsuit when a crime occurs a person has
a certain amount of time to press
charges before the case can no longer be
tried even if there is still strong or
compelling evidence statute of
limitations exist so that plaintiffs are
compelled to bring cases or report
crimes right away the idea is that as
time passes evidence and eyewitness
accounts begin to deteriorate and it
becomes harder and harder to reach a
just conviction statutes of limitations
not only promote order in the justice
system
they protect defendants who may have
lost evidence that would have benefited
them in court but statutes of
limitations can become problematic when
crimes carry high emotional stakes this
is because victims can wait years or
even decades before coming forward in
the Cosby case many of his accusers
claimed that they were sexually
assaulted more than 40 years ago however
most of these women have lost their
chance to file criminal charges against
Cosby as most states give plaintiffs
less than 30 years to formalize such
claims just as not all crimes are
treated equally not all statutes of
limitations are created equally nearly
half of all US states have no statute of
limitation on high-level sexual assault
like rape or when a victim is drugged
however 10 of these states do set
deadlines on reporting less severe forms
of the crime
additionally murder is so serious under
the eyes of the law that it is one of
the few crimes with no statute of
limitations across the entire u.s. the
general rule is the more serious the
crime the longer a plaintiff has to file
charges statutes of limitations vary not
only by state but by the type of legal
proceeding criminal suits which involve
crimes
by the state generally have a longer
statutes of limitations than civil suits
which are typically disputes between two
people although the time limit varies by
state plaintiffs in civil lawsuits
usually have just one or two years to
file a lawsuit before their case expires
when it comes to the accusations against
Cosby the only incident that resulted in
criminal charges happened in 2004 at
Cosby's home in Pennsylvania the alleged
victim andrea constand brought these
charges just weeks before the state's
twelve year statute of limitations ran
out however had the alleged sexual
assault occurred just two states over in
connecticut her time would have already
run out consent would have had just 5
years to bring charges against Cosby
statutes of limitations may lead to
cases like Cosby's but overall they work
to keep the justice system running
efficiently if too much time has passed
it becomes nearly impossible to prove a
crime has happened which is bad for both
the victim and the defendant the statute
of limitations is in place to uphold
fair convictions so it's important to
report a crime as soon as it happens
statutes of limitations aren't the only
imperfect part of the US legal system in
fact half of Americans believe that the
judicial system is corrupt so just how
corrupt is it find out in our video here
while elections are supposed to hold
local judges accountable to their
constituents it can often create
conflicts of interest just as it does
with politicians one 2004 case an
Illinois judge won an appointment to the
High Court partially thanks to financial
support from a large insurance agency
thanks for checking us out on test-tube
news have any ideas you really want us
to cover let us know in the comments
below and don't forget to subscribe for
new videos every day
