ten million people around the world are
stateless they are not citizens of a
country they have no nationality and
often they lack basic human rights the
current refugee crisis in Syria has
created thousands of stateless children
and as a result the UN now reports that
a stateless child is born every ten
minutes but how exactly can a person not
have any nationality how do you become
stateless well stateless people have
almost no real rights as there's no
government to uphold them various
conventions have attempted to improve
the situation but without citizenship
most people can't vote go to school find
a job see a doctor get married or pretty
much anything else that requires an ID
they also see high rates of exploitation
violence and sexual assault most people
think of nationality as something you
can get by being born in a country or
something you voluntarily apply for but
the concept of citizenship and
nationality being conveyed upon birth is
known as just solely and is not
applicable everywhere there's another
concept known as just song witness which
determines your nationality through your
parents regardless of where you're born
the current Syrian stateless crisis is
the result of just sanguinis in Syrian
law only the father is able to designate
nationality and with families being
ripped apart
there are many Syrian children without
fathers who are now stateless the 1961
UN Convention on the reduction of
statelessness says that children born
stateless must be allowed nationality on
the territory where they are born
unfortunately Syria and many other
countries are not party to this
convention in other cases people are
made stateless when their country denies
them citizenship due to race or religion
in Myanmar a long-running Human Rights
crisis has seen grow hinge of Muslims
marginalized abused and denied
citizenship on the basis of their ethnic
and Muslim roots it's also possible for
the country you're living in to be
dissolved and replaced by another
country the new country usually
encompasses the former citizens but in
rare cases people fall through the
cracks in Europe the collapse of the
Soviet Union led to people some of whom
lack their original citizenship
documents to apply for new citizenship
nomadic people such as the Roma also
called gypsies have similar issues with
statelessness that is they have no
original documentation
alternately a lack of a birth
certificate due to hospitals with poor
record-keeping or being born at home can
make citizenship impossible to prove now
those are the primary reasons for
statelessness although others exist you
can try to renounce your citizenship but
there are limitations in place to
prevent intentional statelessness you
can also try to become a citizen of a
non state like liberland
or northern cyprus although you
technically would have citizenship it
wouldn't be internationally recognized
and so you would technically be
considered stateless for decades the UN
has worked to end statelessness and by
2024 hopes to eradicate the legal blocks
and circumstances causing it but for the
millions left without a homeland the
legal limbo they're trapped in provides
nearly no opportunities to get out many
stateless people happen to be refugees
to learn more about the rights of
refugees watch our video at the top you
can also learn about the stateless Roma
people at the bottom thanks for watching
test-tube news don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
