just a week after the Isis attacks in
Paris an affiliate of al Qaeda opened
fire on tourists in a Mali hotel
although both groups seem to have the
same broad goal of destabilizing and
terrorizing Western supported Nations
they are actually bitter rivals in 2015
al Qaeda's leader said that Isis did not
represent all Muslims and were
illegitimate which some referred to as a
declaration of war the latest attack on
Mali is considered a continuation of
this back-and-forth battle so we wanted
to know why Isis and al-qaeda hate each
other well Isis was actually born
directly out of al Qaeda the terrorist
groups original goal was to popularize
and expand the idea of global jihad
instead of having numerous weaker groups
but after 9/11 al Qaeda was forced to
hide and its leader Osama bin Laden was
killed meanwhile an al Qaeda affiliate
in Iraq called aq I saw a greater and
greater success by using outright
brutality to shock and attract potential
recruits when the Syrian civil war broke
out the Iraqi affiliate made moves into
Syria this angered al Qaeda leaders who
wanted a different affiliate the
al-nusra front to head the conflict by
February 2014 infighting led to al-qaeda
denouncing their relationship with the
AQI which is now known as Isis since
then the two groups have terrorized and
killed huge numbers of people and
although it may seem like their goals
differ based on which one wants more
power in the global jihad they are
actually seeking very different outcomes
al Qaeda is predominantly focused on
taking down the United States which they
see as the main backer of anti Islamic
or falsely Islamic groups in the Middle
East their broad goal is to force the US
and its Western allies out of the region
to allow their envisioned Islamic
government to operate freely Isis on the
other hand is considerably less focused
on attacking the u.s. their goals are
primarily domestic they involve taking
over Iraq and Syria in order to
establish the basis for their global
Caliphate however recent threats and
their attacks in Paris suggests that
their terrorism targets are expanding
effectively al Qaeda wants to
destabilize the West while Isis wants to
stabilize their portion of the East
their tactics differ radically as well
although both commit acts of terrorism
Isis uses terrorism as a weapon of war
which they are actively engaged in as
they move through Iraq and Syria
however al-qaeda uses terrorism as more
of a propaganda tool bombing foreign
countries to incite allied Muslims and
frighten Western forces additionally
while al-qaeda sees non Sunni Muslims as
not true believers they are not focused
on killing them
however Isis has intentionally targeted
non Sunnis and other religious
minorities in an effort to purify the
Muslim community the rivalry has even
reportedly led to recent suicide attacks
by al-qaeda against Isis in short Isis
and al-qaeda are not only attempting to
be the default leaders of the Muslim
world but their approaches are
distinctly opposite and incompatible so
which is the greater threat well Isis
has seen considerably more success in
their goals they've been able to control
their territory Institute a government
bolster and organized army and they pose
a huge threat to neighboring Middle
Eastern countries still some security
analysts say that this rivalry makes
both groups weaker and ultimately easier
to defeat another terrorist group
rivaling Isis in the Middle East may be
more powerful than you think to find out
whether Isis are the Taliban or a
greater global threat check out this
video the Taliban which is predominantly
located in Afghanistan and Pakistan is
mostly dedicated to establishing an
Islamic Emirate in those countries they
already achieved this in Afghanistan in
1996 up until the u.s. invaded and
kicked them out in 2001 thanks for
watching test-tube news everyone be sure
to LIKE and subscribe to get all of our
videos every day
