in the wake of the November 2015 terror
attacks in Paris
most countries were quick to pledge
their assistance to France Americans in
particular offered their homes for
stranded French tourists proclaimed
their support and the US government even
included France and high-level
intelligence sharing the US and France
have been close allies since the very
birth of the United States this is
besides a disagreement over the Iraq war
leading to french fries being renamed
freedom fries even though they come from
Belgium so we wanted to know why do the
US and France love each other well
France is actually the u.s. is first and
oldest ally having militarily supported
the American Revolution against Britain
in 1778 in some ways the u.s. may not
have even existed if it weren't for
France in their entire history the two
have only engaged in direct aggression
two times the first was a quasi war in
1798 when France went through a
revolution and the u.s. refused to pay
its debts to the new French government
the second was in 1942 after the Nazis
took over France but who can blame them
for severing ties it was the Nazis in
fact part of the United States was once
French territory in the early 1800s
Thomas Jefferson paid and bartered
roughly 240 million dollars accounting
for inflation in exchange for nearly a
million square miles of land from
Napoleon today the Louisiana Purchase
comprises about a third of the
continental United States
another major strengthening period
between the two was during and after the
Second World War
France's Nazi occupation was
embarrassing for the country and while
liberating captured European cities the
u.s. let France lead the charge on
retaking their own capital additionally
at the end of the war the u.s. forgave
Frances nearly three billion dollar debt
from World War one and even granted them
more than half a billion dollars in new
loans this significantly helped France
rebuild after the war but perhaps the
most turbulent period between the two
was concerning the 2003 invasion of Iraq
Frances foreign minister was unimpressed
with george w bush's foreign policy and
along with germany China and Russia
France blocked a UN resolution to invade
Iraq after going ahead in invading Iraq
anyway
French opposition to what is now
considered an illegal occupation was
interpreted as anti-american
this caused the whole freedom fries
Fiasco a brief boycott of French goods
and actually ended up spurring real
anti-american sentiments in France from
the invasion in 2003 to the end of
Bush's presidency in 2008 polls showed
france's approval of the u.s. ranging
from 37% to 43%
but today roughly 73% of the french
approve of the united states and in turn
about 85 percent of americans love
France France has permeated American
language society and culture and vice
versa
despite some historical disagreements
u.s. French relations have been crucial
for the development and stability of
both countries so just how powerful is
France
by itself find out by watching our video
up top and if you want to know what life
is really like in France check out
seeker Daily's video below thanks for
watching test-tube news don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
