a riot at one of Australia's immigration
detention facilities has sparked renewed
interest into the country's
controversial immigration policies
incoming migrants are prevented from
entering the country and are instead
sent to detention centres located in the
South Pacific where they can be held
indefinitely as a whole Australia has
been marred by accusations of racism and
xenophobia towards both legal and
undocumented immigrants so why is
Australia so anti-immigrant well
Australia has a long and dark history of
preventing non-white people from living
in the country the first European
colonizers refer to the native
Australian Aboriginal population as
savages and brought violence and disease
nearly causing their extinction after
the British took Aboriginal land on the
basis of it being terra nullius or
nobody's land the native population was
refused full citizenship until 1967
since that time the Australian
government has attempted to balance the
scales by helping aboriginal citizens
with social welfare programs but today
research shows that nearly half of white
australians believe aboriginals have
unfair advantages with roughly 20% of
respondents saying that they would not
sit next to and have original on a bus
in the 1800s Australia experienced a
gold rush bringing waves of immigrants
predominantly from Europe North America
and China but aunty Asian legislation
was implemented until around 1901 when
the different British colonies came
together to form a unified Australia
this Federation specifically began
enacting policies that made it easier
for white Europeans to emigrate and
harder for those from non-english
speaking countries the laws were known
as White Australia Policy and started
with the immigration restriction act of
1901 the Act worked by having immigrants
write out 50 words in a language that
was chosen by the immigration officer in
practice the officers would choose a
language they knew the testee would not
likely know and if they failed the test
they would be considered prohibited
similar policies were to mostly prevent
non-white immigration and were only
dismantled starting in 1949 it took
until 1973 for race to no longer be
considered a factor for immigration
status in Australia however today the
government's views towards immigrants is
still needlessly aggressive the current
practice of detaining undocumented
migrants has been
sighs by human rights watch for the poor
conditions and offshore detention
facilities these centers have even been
used for the indefinite mandatory
detention of children despite
legislation designed to stop the
practice
moreover the Australian government began
a program in 2013 aimed at preventing
asylum seekers and undocumented
immigrants from entering the country
called Operation sovereign borders those
who are caught attempting to arrive by
boat are often turned back by Australian
Defense Forces and others are sent to
detention centers legal experts have
said that this program violates the 1951
Refugee Convention the Universal
Declaration of Human Rights and other
similar treaties a controversial ad for
the program states no way you will not
make Australia home in reference to
undocumented immigrants and people
smugglers despite the fact that
Australians of European origin were
themselves once immigrants anti
multiculturalism is still vibrant and
widespread Aboriginal Australians have
long faced racism and they still face it
to this day for an overview of the
country's indigenous people check out
this video
Aboriginal populations are often grouped
together and refer to as Aborigines
however some consider that term
pejorative instead legally the native
populations of Australia are referred to
as aboriginals and Torres Strait
Islanders some also prefer regional
terms like ku in New South Wales or
Murray in Queensland thanks for watching
test-tube news make sure to LIKE and
subscribe for new videos every day
