in October 2015 a Gallup poll found that
58% of Americans had favorable views
about the National Rifle Association
this is surprising as a recent mass
shooting in Oregon was followed by calls
for stricter gun control which the NRA
directly opposes the NRA is considered
one of the most powerful lobbying groups
in Washington so we wanted to know just
how powerful is the National Rifle
Association
well the NRA is a non-profit pro-gun
rights organization since the 1970s
they've taken an active role in
influencing gun control legislation
their main argument is they are
protecting the Constitution in which the
Second Amendment states the right of the
people to keep and bear Arms shall not
be infringed this combination of
constitutionalism and patriotism has led
to gun rights being promoted as
untouchable and it's led to major
legislative successes for the NRA over
the past decade they've ushered in laws
in a number of states allowing for the
use of deadly force when in your own
home called Castle Doctrine they've also
helped make gun ranges exempt from noise
regulations and even found a way to
block most restrictions on guns during
times of emergency in some states and
yet slightly more citizens support
stricter gun control so why does the NRA
see such success while the public
opinion is almost evenly split well
first and foremost they out spend gun
control advocates 15 to 1 in campaign
contributions with a total operating
budget of about 250 million dollars but
what some say is even more effective
than money is their aggressive
membership base because the NRA lobbies
toward just one issue preventing gun
control the NRA is 4.5 million members
are single minded and incredibly active
in fact although gun control advocates
said they were more invested in gun
issues and are a members were found to
be 4 times more likely to donate money
or contact politicians and despite a
steady rise in mass shootings of which
there were 336 and 2014 gun control
legislation has been slow and seemingly
ineffective the passing of the 1994
federal assault weapons ban which
prohibited civilian use of
semi-automatic weapons and large
capacity
was one of the NRA s biggest losses but
when the bill expired in 2004 its
renewal was prevented by NRA lobbying
even in the wake of the 2012 Sandy Hook
school shooting a similar ban on assault
weapons was blocked
despite consistent public support of the
idea the head of the NRA Wayne LaPierre
has replied to arguments that stricter
gun control would lower the rate of mass
shootings by saying the only thing that
stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy
with the gun but realistically
statistics show that where there are
more guns there is a higher risk of
homicide bolstered by an active base of
members a large war chest and careful
alignment with conservative Republicans
the NRA has seen incredible success in
stopping and weakening gun control but
as criminals and the mentally ill
continue to subvert existing laws to
keep weapons out of their hands many are
asking if the NRA is actually upholding
its message at the expense of Public
Safety but why does the US have so many
mass shootings in the first place
check out this video to learn about some
of the factors the FBI defines a mass
murder as any four or more murders
occurring in a single incident this
skyrockets the number of cases and
includes gang disputes domestic
altercations and armed robbery obviously
there's a concrete difference between a
person who shoots up a school and gang
violence the causes and solutions to
both are very distinct and often the
source of much misunderstanding thanks
for watching everyone make sure to LIKE
and subscribe below so you get test-tube
news in your inbox every day
