in November 2015
Isis was named responsible for acts of
terrorism in Paris France killing more
than 100 people this is the second
attack by Islamic extremist that the
city is faced in 2015 following the
Charlie Hebdo shooting in January
although threats have long been made
that extremists would attack a European
city nobody actually expected it to
happen much less twice in one year so we
wanted to know why are terrorists
targeting Paris well in their statement
taking credit for the attack Isis
referred to Paris as being the capital
of prostitution and vice this may be
more related to France's cultural
distinction from what Isis and other
Islamic extremists consider appropriate
France is one of the highest Muslim
populations in Western Europe but so do
countries like Germany and the
Netherlands which have not seen similar
acts of Islamic terrorism overall France
has been openly aggressive about certain
aspects of religious culture in 2004 a
ban was instituted on conspicuous
religious symbols being worn in French
public schools but many believed the law
to target the Islamic headscarf worn by
Muslim women for modesty in 2009 former
french President Nicolas Sarkozy even
supported a ban on burkas which are
another type of covering for Muslim
women the French government has also
been virulent on extremism since the
Charlie Hebdo attacks in January the
French premier declared war on radical
Islam and at the same time France has a
disproportionate number of Muslim
immigrants roughly 7.5% of the French
population is Muslim the new immigrants
and France often end up in suburban
neighborhoods called banh loo these are
primarily low income and high
unemployment areas which see greater
scrutiny from the police and the public
these predominantly Muslim neighborhoods
suffer from cultural segregation and
served to alienate and marginalize new
immigrants the distinction between
French and non French has even been
likened to apartheid high rates of
dissatisfied unemployed marginalised
youths were reportedly the reason for
the 2005 french fry 'it's which saw many
young was the
participants so domestically France is
marginalizing their Muslim population
while showing a clear opposition to
radical Islam creating ideal conditions
for homegrown terrorism in fact at least
one of the terrorists in the November
attack was a French national reports
also show that roughly 1700 French
citizens have joined Isis thus far
making France one of the biggest sources
of foreign fighters the Frances foreign
policy has been blamed as well one of
the Paris gunmen reportedly shouted this
is for Syria before opening fire roughly
a year earlier in September 2014 France
began airstrikes against the Islamic
state in Iraq while openly opposing
Bashar al-assad's regime in Syria in
recent months France has begun bombing
Isis strongholds within Syria and last
week blew up an important source of oil
and gas revenue but in the end it may
just have come down to ease of access
although the United States and Isis are
primary enemies it is much more
difficult to travel to the US and plan
an attack France might be unique both
culturally and politically but nearly
every European country shares some of
those potentially targeted
characteristics and many are saying that
the attack on France may have been more
opportunistic than purely ideological so
what exactly does it take for someone to
commit these terrible acts find out over
on dnews we're gonna interviewed a
former Irish Republican Army bombing
instructor who left the group after the
IRA murdered a pregnant officer other
people Horgan spoke to became
disillusioned when their group robbed a
bank to them the killing was acceptable
but theft was not sometimes though
recruits are just bored and looking for
adventure or they're worried about not
leaving a lasting legacy thanks for
checking out test-tube news don't forget
to subscribe to our channel if you
haven't already thanks for watching
you
