as of the fourth Republican debate 15
candidates are left competing for the
GOP presidential nomination although the
candidates have expressed wildly
differing views at the heart of party
politics is holding the same values and
beliefs so what exactly do Republicans
believe to start the Republican Party
calls itself the party of opportunity
referring to the idea that in the u.s.
there should be equal pursuit of
opportunity for all to achieve this end
they believe there should be limited
government interference in daily life as
it leads to a better functioning state
this means fewer business regulations
and smaller bureaucracies in public
institutions the figurehead of the
modern conservative movement Ronald
Reagan explained at best the nine most
terrifying words in the English language
are I'm from the government and I'm here
to help when it comes to the economy
Republicans tend to believe in the power
of the free market to generate wealth
this is an idea is spouted by Reagan
supply-side economics colloquially known
as the trickle-down theory in the system
it's believed that low taxes for the
rich will prompt them to invest in
businesses thus creating more jobs
causing the wealth to trickle down to
the port this area was most recently
seen in the George W Bush era tax cuts
for those making more than $200,000 a
year today this is accepted doctrine in
the Republican Party the most recent
party platform ratified in 2012 espouses
the belief that any American who works
hard dreams big and follows the rules
can achieve anything he or she wants
as a result Republicans don't believe in
many social services like welfare or a
single-payer health care system
aside from Medicare and Medicaid
Republicans prefer to stick to private
insurers repealing Obamacare is a
crucial part of their platform
Republicans also tend to hold
conservative views on social issues
despite gay marriage bans being ruled
unconstitutional in 2015
candidates like Ben Carson and Mike
Huckabee have expressed their opposition
to the idea the 2012 platform opposes a
redefinition of marriage and maintains
an anti-abortion stance Republicans are
also known for supporting the military
ever since Theodore Roosevelt's
presidency the GOP has advocated for
American exceptionalism
and intervention around the world
Republicans believe this is possible
only through a strong military today the
platform advocates peace through
strength promoting American ideals of
freedom and democracy while maintaining
a formidable army but today the
Republican Party has seen internal
instability within Congress far-right
members have forced the unseating of the
Speaker of the House and prevented party
unity
despite a congressional majority this
split has threatened to divide the
Republican Party clearly there are many
types of Republicans from free-market
conservatives to the religious right the
diversity of views within the party is
astounding
that being said Republicans do all seem
to agree on two things lower taxes and
smaller government now you know what
Republicans believe but what about their
more liberal counterparts the Democrats
find out in this video today Democrats
still believe in the power of government
to provide a just and equal society
Democrats advocate stricter government
regulation on big business and larger
participation in the social safety net
thanks for watching test-tube news make
sure to LIKE and subscribe for more
videos every day
