one of the deadliest diseases on earth
may finally be coming to an end thanks
to research by this year's Nobel Prize
winners malaria is thought to be
responsible for killing half of all
humans who have ever lived and yet
around the world rates of infection have
been steadily dropping so we wanted to
know is this the end of malaria well
malaria is a parasitically transmitted
illness it relies on disease carrying
parasites which are transmitted by one
type of female mosquito called Anopheles
that's Greek for useless but despite
their name these insects kill about
600,000 people a year for about the
entire death toll of the American Civil
War while this number seems massive it
is actually incredibly good news
according to the World Health
Organization between 2000 and 2015 new
cases of malaria were cut by nearly 40
percent thanks to better prevention
methods and resources overall deaths
from malaria fell by nearly two-thirds
with even lower rates among young
children this is incredible considering
that the primary methods of eliminating
the disease are focused on simply
blocking mosquitoes Nets treated with
insecticide along with anti mosquito
sprays have been used with such
effectiveness that since 2007 four
countries have been certified as
completely eliminating the disease the
United Arab Emirates Morocco turkey
medicine and Armenia just this past year
13 countries reported they were malaria
free and six more reported less than ten
cases at the same time impoverished
sub-saharan Africa has been struggling
worldwide nine out of ten cases of
malaria and deaths from malaria are in
the sub-saharan region one of the
biggest reasons for this is that the
most effective defense is the ability to
monitor the spread of the disease the
governments and health services of
hard-hit countries are often in
adequately able to access and analyze
disease trends this effort to fight
malaria has been publicly spearheaded by
philanthropist Bill and Melinda Gates in
Zambia the Gates Foundation contributed
roughly three million
skeino nets raising the number of
households with the net from about one
in five to four and five even something
as simple as a net courts to
dramatically lower infection rates the
more prevention there is the fewer
people need to be treated and thus fewer
people are further infectious this not
only frees up medical resources but also
creates a downward spiral in disease
rates thanks to the World Health
Organization the UN the Gates Foundation
and other NGOs some 55 countries in
total are on track to cutting their case
rates by 75% by 2030 the w-h-o hopes to
cut infections and deaths from malaria
by 90 percent and to raise the number of
completely disease-free countries to 35
this year the world saw the lowest rate
of malaria deaths in history as more
money resources and manpower is devoted
people like Bill Gates have predicted
that we may just see an end to malaria
within a single generation clearly
humans are able to successfully fight
against disease and other killers how
did we get so adept at survival find out
in test-tube plusses playlist at the top
down below you can find out which
countries have hacked survival and are
living the longest thanks for watching
test-tube news if you haven't subscribed
make sure you do so so you don't miss
out on new videos
