in November 2015
Nepalese police shot an Indian man
during protests at the India Nepal
border these protests were sparked by a
Nepal's new constitution and since
August have led to the deaths of more
than 40 people the Constitution has also
been named as the reason for a
potentially deadly blockade of fuel
which was reportedly enacted by India so
what exactly is going on is India
sending Nepal into a fuel crisis
well Nepal is a landlocked state
bordered on one side by India and on the
other side by a relatively remote part
of China India is responsible for more
than half of Nepal's trade in all of its
fuel but since September fuel has not
been getting in the whole situation is a
little unexpected following Nepal's
devastating earthquake in 2015 they
received major support from India and
grew closer as allies but by August the
relationship began to falter
Nepal's contentious new constitution was
being fast-tracked to the dismay of both
the Indian government as well as an
ethnic group known as the medieval
Medicis are culturally close to India
and while they represent about a third
of Nepal's population the new
constitution would under represent them
in Parliament before it was passed India
sent in a list of amendments which would
have given those minority ethnic groups
greater power India warned that the
marginalization of those groups would
lead to violence in Nepal but the
amendments were not taken into account
and the Constitution went through with
66 members of the Constitutional
Assembly refusing to vote in protest in
response
Indian officials reportedly ordered
border guards to search all trucks
entering Nepal blocking the flow of fuel
India's oil corporation has refused to
refuel Nepalese trucks and all trucks
trying to get into Nepal are lined up on
India's side however India has directly
denied accusation of establishing an
economic blockade against Nepal saying
that fuel is not getting in because the
protests are blocking or scaring drivers
of course India's reluctance to admit to
a blockade is not surprising India and
Nepal have peace and trade treaties
which a fuel embargo would undoubtedly
violate so far the lack of fuel has been
stress schools have been shut down
without enough gas to power the school
buses private cars have been prevented
from filling up to leave just enough for
emergency vehicles ironically even
India's Embassy in Nepal has run out of
fuel and has been taking donations
regardless of how this turns out Nepal
has already turned to China for support
and India's supposed actions will
undoubtedly sour their future
relationship in light of Nepal's recent
devastation the lack of fuel has
completely changed day to day life for
the time being
Nepal's disputed Constitution is small
part of the country's ongoing struggle
for democracy learn about the history of
Nepal's failed attempt to democratize in
our video right here
however in 1996 the Communist Party of
Nepal attempted a violent coup which
started the Nepal Civil War the conflict
lasted until 2006 and left some 15,000
dead and over a hundred thousand
displaced the war only ended when the
new king finally agreed to cede power
the next few years saw several
back-and-forth struggles between the
Communist Party and the majority parties
this struggle finally culminated in the
dissolution of the existing government
in 2012 after it was unable to draft a
constitution thanks for watching folks
have you subscribed to our channel yet
if you haven't make sure you do down
below so you don't miss out on new
videos every day see you next time
