hey everybody thanks to you guys we
finally hit 750,000 subscribers that's
about the population of Bhutan now you
know we love hearing all of your ideas
and some of you have been asking for
this video for a very very very long
time so as a thank you for sticking with
us we want to know what you want to know
what are America's violations of
international law
well international law is a little
tricky within a country laws based on
government sanctioned rules however
there is no world government to dictate
the world's rules at best there are
international treaties and agreements
but the United States has refused to
ratify the Rome Statute
the Vienna Convention and a number of
nuclear weapon and landmine bans so how
do you prosecute a country for violating
a treaty it never signed well
disputes concerning the limitation of
Rights between sovereign countries fall
under supranational law or law that is
not bound by a country's borders one of
the only recognized bodies to judge
supranational disputes is the United
Nations International Court of Justice
since the ICJ's creation in 1946 the
United States has been named as a
respondent in 13 cases the majority have
been clarifications on existing laws and
treaties or the ICJ simply lacked
jurisdiction but Nicaragua filed suit
against the United States alleging that
the US had supported the Contra
rebellion against the Nicaraguan
government the US had also planted naval
mines in Nicaragua territorial waters in
fact there was ample evidence that the
Contras were a CIA funded and trained
rebel group established by President
Ronald Reagan's administration to fund
the Contras the u.s. sold weapons to
Iran and assisted in the Colombian
cocaine trade the ICJ found that the US
had grossly violated international law
as well as Nicaragua sovereignty
Nicaragua asked for 17 billion dollars
in reparations in response the United
States withdrew its broad support of the
International Court of Justice and as a
permanent member of the UN Security
Council vetoed any attempts at enforcing
the ICJ's judgment to this day Nicaragua
has seen no compensation roughly two
years later the United States Navy shot
down an iranian civilian aircraft flying
in iranian airspace
290 people died marking the ninth worst
aviation incident in history Iran filed
suit against the US in 1989 but in 1996
the do countries reached an agreement
the US would pay roughly 62 million
dollars to the victims families in
exchange for absolving them of any legal
guilt to this day the US has not
publicly apologized to Iran the next
important ruling against the US occurred
in 1999 when the u.s. executed two
German nationals for killing a man
during a failed bank robbery
when arrested the Germans were not
informed of their ability to seek help
from their consulate as is required by
the Vienna Convention on consular
relations in 2001 the ICJ ruled that the
u.s. had violated the convention the
u.s. promised to never do it again
roughly two years later Mexico filed
suit against the US for violating that
exact portion of the Vienna Convention
the US had arrested and sentenced 54
Mexican nationals to death without
immediately letting the Mexican
Consulate know the ICJ again found the
u.s. guilty this time the u.s. was
required to review and reconsider all
convictions of Mexican nationals and
they were also responsible for making
sure it never happened again in response
the u.s. withdrew from the portion of
the Vienna Convention that required them
to adhere to the ICJ's ruling it should
be clear by now that in spite of
international law the United States has
been able to avoid repercussions due to
its powerful status in the global
community still the u.s. is far from the
only violator with many countries coming
together to create a dangerous state of
world affairs without international
courts it could just be a whole lot
worse thanks so much for sticking with
us
next stop 1 million subscribers and you
can bet we'll have a fun video for you
when that time comes for now you can
continue learning about America's darker
history by watching this video on which
countries America has invaded now
strictly speaking the only country to be
invaded by the u.s. in the last 25 years
was Iraq the 2003 invasion and
occupation was not supported by the
United Nations and widely referred to as
illegal thanks again for watching
test-tube news don't forget to Like and
subscribe and we'll see you back here
soon
you
