in late 2016 the US State Department
issued a travel warning for Ethiopia on
the basis of quote ongoing unrest that
has led to hundreds of deaths thousands
of arrests as well as injuries and
extensive property damage despite
instability in the country Ethiopia has
maintained relations with the US so what
exactly is the basis of their
complicated relationship
well formal relations between the US and
Ethiopia stand back to 1903 the US had
economic interest in the region and
Ethiopian officials appreciated that
America didn't seek to colonize parts of
Africa as many other Western powers were
doing at the time
their alliance expanded after the second
world war with trade Amity and mutual
defense agreements today the US and
Ethiopia are bound together by shared
interests one of which is security in
the Horn of Africa
Ethiopia's neighbor Somalia has long
suffered from weak governments and
widespread poverty which has paved the
way for radical insurgencies in 2006 one
terror group al-shabaab alongside other
Islamic groups was able to invade the
country's capital of Mogadishu this move
prompted a clandestine u.s. Ethiopian
alliance to recapture the Somali capital
in an attempt to wipe out the insurgency
but after three years the operation was
disbanded proving to be unsuccessful at
removing the group still the two
countries have since cooperated in
further efforts to bring down all
Shabaab with the us contributing drone
strikes and working with Ethiopian
intelligence services additionally
Ethiopia relies on the US for trade and
humanitarian assistance since 2008 the
Opia has received preferential trade
benefits under the African growth and
opportunity Act which broadens the
access of sub-saharan African countries
to US markets the u.s. is one of EDS top
5 economic partners with bilateral trade
accounting for nearly two billion
dollars in 2015 the u.s. also donates
more than half a billion dollars in
developmental and humanitarian aid each
year most of the funds are used to
mitigate widespread hunger and poverty
as Ethiopia suffers from perpetual
droughts and famine the remainder is
used to train its military but the u.s.
Ethiopian alliance has attracted a
considerable amount of criticism
particularly concerning Ethiopia's poor
record with human rights the country's
de facto one-party state has a history
of cracking down on virtually all forms
of opposition
for instance rating protests ranking
elections and jailing more journalists
than almost any other country in Africa
many have accused US officials of
turning a blind eye to Ethiopia's
repressive regime as a way to protect
the two countries crucial security
partnership and in fact the US has yet
to intervene or withdraw aid but US
officials have publicly condemned the
government's attacks on democracy Free
Press and human rights and if their
abuses continue this bilateral
relationship may soon be in serious
jeopardy Ethiopia is still struggling to
improve its human rights record while
also battling institutional corruption
at nearly every level of society so just
how corrupt is Ethiopia find out by
watching this video recent elections
have seen party officials claiming over
99 percent of the vote spurring riots
and accusations of rigged elections
during a 2005 election police fired on a
crowd of protesters who were disputing
election results killing 22 people
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for more
videos every day
you
