poling Titan Gallup has decided to
withdraw from the u.s. presidential
primaries and may even sit out the
general election perhaps it's not too
surprising given that they predicted
Mitt Romney would beat Barack Obama in
2012 and instead as we know he lost by
about a four point margin over the past
few decades polling has become
increasingly inaccurate with the
upcoming 2016 election it's important to
know I had polls get it wrong so often
well there are a number of reasons why
polling accuracy has declined for one
cell phones are on the rise while fewer
and fewer people use landlines now why
would this be a problem
cell phones can't be Auto dialed
according to the 1991 telephone Consumer
Protection Act in order to call
someone's cell phone a live person needs
to be the one to do it for every
thousand respondents it takes about
20,000 calls to random numbers most of
which are non-working numbers this is
incredibly expensive and as a result
some polls don't include cell phones and
since younger people lower-income
Americans and minority groups often only
use cell phones they are extremely
underrepresented compared to older white
people who still rely on landlines
another problem with polling is the
reticence to even state an opinion polls
now have an extremely low response rate
back in the late 70s an 80% response
rate was considered acceptable by 2012
the Pew Research Center reported that
that number had dropped to 9% some say
this is due to fears over privacy and
confidentiality it's pretty tough to
determine the pulse of a nation though
when relatively few people seem
interested in sharing their opinions the
polling inaccuracy extends past the
phone line Internet polls come with
their own set of problems most
significantly they do not account for a
relevant group of responders while 93%
of 18 to 29 year olds in the u.s. use
the Internet in the 2014 midterm
elections only 13% of that age group
showed up to vote meanwhile more likely
voters have considerably lower rates of
internet use rendering online polls a
poor representation of public opinion
another huge issue is the influence of
early polling early polls tend not to
correlate with final results as most
respondents have not had time to learn
about new candidates or issues but those
early polls are frequently the only
source of information
available for preliminary media coverage
so uninformed polls leading to glorified
coverage causes a cyclical interest
level potential respondents see the
media talking about early poll
frontrunners which influences them to
voice a stronger opinion and thus
possibly skew future polls we've already
seen this happening in the 2016
primaries for example online polls
showed that Bernie Sanders was the
winner of the first democratic debate
however in more traditional phone-based
polls Hillary Clinton came out ahead but
in accurate polling isn't just a problem
in the u.s. the most recent election in
the UK predicted that the Conservative
Party would barely win by 1% which could
have wreaked havoc on Parliament but
election results saw them winning by
about 6 points with 37 percent for the
Conservatives - the opposition's 31
percent with so many issues surrounding
polling methods it's best to take them
with a hefty grain of salt while polling
isn't as reliable as it used to be you
should definitely make up your own mind
about the upcoming presidential
candidates by watching our playlist and
if you ever want to laugh at politics
please check out my channel newsy news
thanks so much for watching don't forget
to subscribe so you don't miss out on
new videos
