the South China Sea has long been a
source of conflict for China and its
neighbors in recent months Vietnam has
accused China of sinking multiple
fishing boats in contested areas in
response China has said that they
reserve the right to take law
enforcement actions when boats illegally
enter their territory in 2014 a survey
found that 84% of Vietnamese people were
worried that China's regional disputes
could lead to a military conflict so
what would happen if China and Vietnam
went to war well as a matter of fact the
two nations have already seen combat not
that long ago in 1979 China attacked
Vietnam in retaliation for Vietnam's
invasion of Cambodia the previous year
although China put up a much larger
fighting force they were unable to
overcome the Vietnamese military and
failed and outing them from Cambodia
after just six weeks
China retreated although both countries
proclaimed victory was clear that China
had not achieved its goals and suffered
major losses but that was 36 years ago
and both countries have changed
dramatically today as was the case in
1979 China's military is considerably
larger and better funded than Viet Nam's
worldwide China ranks third in overall
military strength while Vietnam only
ranks 21st
additionally China boasts 2.3 million
active soldiers to Vietnam roughly
400,000 China also has considerably more
military equipment and spends 145
billion dollars a year on defense that's
about 40 times Vietnam's military budget
but despite China's obvious advantage
Vietnam has been quietly bolstering its
Air Force and Navy
besides beating out China in the late
70s Vietnam has experienced battling
other powerful militaries including
French as well as American forces a
security expert has been quoted as
saying that even if Vietnam doesn't when
the conflict their defeat won't come
easily still despite Viet Nam's newer
technology their historical winds have
been predominantly based on land battles
as the South China Sea would likely be
the setting of a new war there is little
hope of Vietnam matching up to China's
unbelievably huge Navy with 63
submarines 25 destroyers and aircraft
carrier and thousands of Merchant
Marines China
fleet is 10 times stronger than Viet
Nam's clearly Vietnam has little
advantage in any potential battle what's
worse is that Vietnam is not a member of
NATO and does not have the u.s. as
guaranteed protection the u.s. even has
an arms embargo against Vietnam although
it was recently relaxed specifically in
response to Chinese aggression at best
Vietnam could see support from the
Philippines one of their closest allies
and also one of the most fearful of
Chinese aggression pound-for-pound
there's little Vietnam could do to avoid
losing a battle against China but
history has shown that despite their
smaller size and resources they still
pack a heavy punch Vietnam may be weaker
but it's far from defenseless with all
the military strength China has how much
of a threat is the country to worldwide
security find out by watching this video
from our friends at all-time
conspiracies China also remains the
world's second largest economy and
continues to grow at an astonishing rate
of 7% every year as its military
politics and trade relations grow ever
stronger China's dream to displace
American power could very soon become a
reality thanks for watching test-tube
news make sure to LIKE and subscribe for
new videos every day
