in June 2015 it was revealed that the
Pentagon spent nearly four hundred
billion dollars on its f-35 fighter jet
program its final cost is expected to be
one and a half trillion dollars making
it the most expensive weapon in history
this huge expense is just one of the
many in the United States's ongoing war
on terror with President Obama halting
withdrawal from Afghanistan the total
price tag is only set to rise so just
how expensive is the war on terror
well since the attacks of September 11th
the United States has been engaged in
simultaneous wars in Afghanistan and
Iraq this plus other regional
engagements over the past 14 years has
been known as the war on terror
collectively it has also been one of the
longest in US history and produced more
than 1.2 million casualties back in 2003
the wars were originally budgeted to
cost about 68 billion dollars but as
troop levels and involvement rose by
2014 the US had spent as much as 1.6
trillion dollars to put that in
perspective taxpayers have been paying
around 14 million dollars an hour since
9/11 so what exactly is this money being
spent on most of the money is divided
into three budgets the Department of
Defense the State Department and the
Department of Veterans Administration
the majority of the funds are given to
the DoD for military operations the Iraq
war constitutes 51 percent of the budget
while the war in Afghanistan makes up 43
percent the rest of the funding is
designated to enhance security at
military bases worldwide and other
associated wartime costs yet the
expenses aren't over Congress has
approved additional funding for the 2015
fiscal year to join the war effort
against Isis this puts the total cost of
the war at 1.7 trillion dollars making
it the second most expensive war in US
history after World War two one zinc
tank has even predicted that the total
cost would Eclipse five trillion dollars
so after spending all this money in the
name of safety is the world better off
now than it was 13 years ago many
experts say the United States military
actions have only
increase the threat of extremism and
instability with terrorist groups
expanding the bill for the war on terror
is only expected to grow one terrorist
group that has survived the war on
terror is the Taliban find out how in
this video up top some people blame the
United States for the creation of these
terrorist groups if you want to know
more about that check out the video
below thanks for watching everyone
don't forget to Like and subscribe to
test-tube news and you'll get new videos
from us every day
