in September 2015 Saudi Arabia was
appointed to oversee the UN Human Rights
Council panel for the second time this
appointment has been widely met with
confusion
Saudi Arabia has a long history of human
rights abuses the most recent of which
involves sentencing a man to be
crucified for protesting the Saudi
government as a teenager so we wanted to
know what are Saudi Arabia's human
rights violations
well Saudi Arabia is an Islamic absolute
monarchy operating under Sharia law
unfortunately many aspects of the
religious law run contrary to modern
interpretations of human rights for many
years Saudi Arabia has been ranked among
the worst of the worst by Freedom House
for political and civil rights this is
alongside countries like North Korea and
Syria first and foremost there is
extreme repression of speech and
religion publicly practicing any
religion besides Islam is prohibited and
many customs and policies exclude non
Sunni Islam in 2011 35 Christians
praying in a private home were arrested
and severely beaten by Saudi police
criticizing the Saudi regime has also
been actively prohibited with multiple
bloggers being arrested the 2014 one
blogger was sentenced to a thousand
lashes ten years in jail and a quarter
of a million dollar fine for running a
website about religious discussion Saudi
Arabia is also one of the only countries
to perform public executions and as one
of the last to still dole out physical
punishments for legal transgressions
women who have been raped are sentenced
as adulterers and whipped which Saudi
Arabia defends as a legal tradition
Saudi Arabia is also the source of
considerable human trafficking with huge
numbers of people from Asia and Africa
held involuntarily as servants or
laborers many women are kidnapped and
sent into Saudi Arabia's prostitutes
including children were forced into
sexual slavery
additionally the country actively
discriminates against gay lesbian and
transgender people by imposing
punishments ranging from fines to
flogging to the death penalty
Saudi Arabia is one of the largest human
rights violators while still enjoying
the privileges of being allied with the
United State
despite being condemned by many
worldwide organizations and governments
Saudi Arabia's responded to criticism as
being unreasonable in 2000 the former
ruler of Saudi Arabia told the United
Nations it is absurd to impose on an
individual or society rights that are
alien to its beliefs or principles the
country has made no clear effort to curb
its many human rights violations and in
some regards has even increased the
number of transgressions it is
questionable whether political loyalty
in the Middle East is worth ignoring an
ongoing Civil and Political Rights
crisis on the topic of human rights
Saudi Arabia holds one of the highest
execution rates in the world to learn
more watch this video within Sharia law
one can be put to death for any number
of non-lethal or lethal crimes including
religious offences like blasphemy or
witchcraft while sometimes executions
are done by firing squad or stoning
beheadings are much more common and
occasionally the beheaded body is
crucified thanks for watching test-tube
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
new videos daily
