since its formation in 1948 North Korea
has been controlled by the Kim family
Kim Il Sung Kim jong-il and today Kim
jong-un have each in their own way made
North Korea the most secretive and
repressive country in the world but
little has been publicly confirmed about
North Korea's ruling family so what
exactly do we know about the Kim dynasty
well all three leaders are marked by
their extreme cults of personality
portraits of Kim il-sung and Kim jong-il
hangs side-by-side in every North Korean
home office factory and public space
along with an estimated 35,000 statues
of ill some alone in school North Korean
children are taught that they were
clothed fed and nurtured by il-sung's
god-like grace and that he liberated the
country from Japanese aggressors by
single-handedly shooting down warplanes
but in reality Kim il-sung didn't fight
in Korea's anti Japanese resistance or
in the Korean War this propaganda was
created by the Soviet Union after World
War two when they instituted Kim as the
first leader of what would soon become
North Korea Kim continued this
propaganda war for decades solidifying
his position as the country's great
leader as such he slowly shifted away
from Soviet socialism and replaced it
with his own political philosophy called
Gucci JJ which means self-reliance is
the idea that a country can succeed
without any military or economic help
from foreign powers and it has been
North Korea's defining policy since 1972
in 1994 after the death of Kim Il Sung
Kim jong-il came to power the second Kim
is often described as North Korea's most
secretive and ruthless leader he
believed that the less was known about
him the less could be used to undermine
him Kim didn't make a single public
speech during his 17-year tenure and
even spread false rumors about himself
in an effort to remain elusive to this
day major details about his life
including his date and place of birth
remain unconfirmed the so-called Dear
Leader strictly limited North Korea's
access to information and freedom of
movement and exacerbated the effects of
a drought that killed as many as three
and a half million
he also expanded a system of political
prison camps characterized by torture
hard labor and sexual abuse when Kim
jong-il died in 2011 his third son kim
jeong-hoon became supreme leader kim
jong-un is best known as the dynasty
spoiled young prince he's thought to be
in his early 30s and has reportedly
spent millions of State dollars on
imported luxuries including designer
cigarettes expensive cognac Japanese
Kobe beef and a custom-designed yacht
the third Kim has introduced some
economic and political reforms including
allowing limited foreign tourism
reducing punishments for returning
defectors and allowing a handful of
media organizations to open North Korean
bureaus however Kim has largely
continued as fathers and grandfathers
oppressive policies and most
unsettlingly
aggressively expanded the country's
nuclear weapons program so how did the
Kim family become such a powerful
dynasty in North Korea and what factors
have allowed them to stay in power find
out in this video
North Korea goes through all the motions
of a parliamentary democracy while
operating as a theocratic dictatorship
clearly one does not disagree with the
divine rights of the leader of a
theocracy in this case Kim Mill soon
well North Koreans may want to put a
stop to the countless human rights
abuses mass incarceration and widespread
famine there is no political method of
doing so thanks for being with us today
on seeker daily be sure to LIKE and
subscribe for more videos every day
you
