as the wave of refugees and immigrants
continues to stream into Europe a number
of EU states have been criticised for
not acting quickly enough thousands have
come to Italy seeking asylum but is
Italy stable enough to handle so many
immigrants just how powerful is Italy
well Italy is a little over a hundred
thousand square miles making it only the
seventh largest country in the European
Union
it's barely larger than the u.s. state
of Arizona with a population about 60
million Italy is the fourth most
populous country in the EU but Italy is
also the former home of the Roman Empire
one of the most important and
influential empires in world history at
its height it was the world leader in
economy military politics and culture it
covered nearly 2 million square miles of
territory and contained 1/5 of the
global population the country is
littered with important ancient
artifacts hosting the largest number of
World Heritage Sites
it also contains Vatican City the
world's smallest recognized sovereign
state Italy's rich history has made it
the fifth most visited country in the
world however unlike a number of other
tourist friendly countries Italy's
massive economy is not wholly dependent
on tourism they have the eighth largest
economy in the world and the third
largest in the eurozone after Germany
and France agriculturally Italy produces
more wine than any other country
accounting for a third of the world's
wine but the backbone of their economy
lies in the huge number of individual
manufacturing companies appliances like
dishwashers coffee makers refrigerators
and other mechanical devices are Italy's
largest combined export with the GDP of
over 2 trillion dollars Italy has one of
the highest standards of living in the
world and the highest life expectancy in
the EU
Italy's global relationships also make
it an important regional power it was
one of the leading founders of the
European Union and is a member of over a
dozen major geopolitical organizations
this tight-knit relationship with some
of the world's largest militaries means
that Italy doesn't need an overwhelming
military presence but still they have
the 16th most powerful military in the
world with over 350,000 troops and a
budget of 34 billion dollars Italy has
helped other countries fight the drug
trade human trafficking piracy and
terrorism as a self-sufficient and well
protected country whose residents enjoy
one of the highest standards of living
in the world
Italy is doing extremely well but Italy
still suffers from government
option week women's rights and a severe
organized crime problem some say that
Italy's problems stem from powerful
people taking advantage so how powerful
is Italy maybe too powerful for their
own good
Portugal is another European country
facing economic difficulties to find out
about how powerful Portugal is watch
this video today Portugal's GDP is about
230 billion dollars
ranking 48th in the world below Ireland
and Greece their economy consists of a
very diversified service industry and
some of the standout exports from
Portugal include automobiles and refined
petroleum thanks for watching be sure to
LIKE and subscribe to test-tube news for
new videos every day
