in July in August of 2015 a dating
service for married people was hacked
and information about its users was made
public as a result several lawsuits have
been filed against the website itself
but what about those who've been exposed
as possible adulterers where is adultery
illegal and what are the punishments
well adultery is defined as sexual
relations between a married person and
anyone except their spouse historically
it has carried harsh punishments
primarily directed at women while
cheating wives could be killed for the
act men would often be given much more
lenient punishments if any at all today
in predominantly Muslim countries
male-dominated societies still have
severe punishments for adultery ranging
from fines to imprisonment flogging or
the death penalty in 2008 a human rights
group reported that a young woman in
Somalia was stoned to death for adultery
even though she'd claimed she'd been
raped in Syria husbands who honor kill
their cheating wives are treated more
sympathetically than other murderers
prison sentences are often no longer
than 7 years women in these regions can
be charged despite limited evidence or
refused a trial at all and subjected to
violent vigilante justice on the other
hand in much of the developed world
adultery is very rarely prosecuted the
only situation where adultery would make
a legal difference is in the event of a
divorce Chile for instance doesn't
consider adultery a crime but it is
considered an infraction against the
duty of faithfulness and the spouse may
be entitled to more money in a divorce
in fact a Pew poll revealed that in
countries like France citizens are some
of the most accepting of extramarital
affairs but attitudes in the u.s.
towards adultery have been mixed 20
states still have anti adultery laws on
their books punishments can range from
minor fines in Maryland two years in
prison in Michigan military personnel
can also face dishonorable discharge for
committing adultery for civilians
prosecution for adultery is extremely
rare
the last publicized case was in the
early 1990s for the most part adultery
laws are left on the books because
communities see them as enforcement's to
society's moral standards major
decisions from the US Supreme Court in
2003 and 2015 have severely restricted
the government's ability who
adults for their sexual and marital
preferences worldwide although adultery
is much less often prosecuted it is
still a difficult issue to legislate
based on cultural religious and personal
biases luckily the severe punishments
against women have been lessening in
recent years and in many countries
eliminated altogether some states in the
u.s. still have crazy sex laws on their
books what are they
watch this video to find out in 2003 the
Supreme Court ruled that your right to
sexual privacy is protected under the
Fourteenth Amendment so if what you're
doing is between consenting adults and
in private you're all set so bang away
because holla Mizzou can do a damn thing
about it thanks for watching test-tube
news everybody remember to like and
subscribe so you don't miss out on our
new videos every day
