Portugal has faced economic difficulty
since the recent global recession but
unlike many others stalling European
nations they've seen a steady recovery
in March 2015
Portugal paid off 22% of their bailout
loan from the International Monetary
Fund Portugal is on its way back to
regaining its lost economic strength in
Europe but on a global level how
powerful is Portugal
well Portugal is a nation slightly
smaller than the state of Indiana it's
situated on the coast bordered by its
only neighbor Spain most of its
population speaks Portuguese and
subscribes to Roman Catholicism with 10
million people it's the 87th most
populous country in the world ranking
above Sweden and below Greece Portugal
was historically the envy of Europe with
a strong maritime economy legendary sea
explorers like Vasco de Gama and pedro
Ã¡lvares cabral were famous for
discovering routes to India and Brazil
respectively one of the most well known
Portuguese citizens Ferdinand Magellan
was the first to circumnavigate the
globe but things have changed for
Portugal the recent global recession hit
the country hard and its debt measures
about 128 percent of its GDP 14 percent
of working-age citizens are unemployed
and 19 percent of people live below the
poverty line still compared to other
weak European economies Portugal has
proven to be one of the most adaptable
and quick to recover in just a few more
years the country could be back on its
feet and have no more need for the
austerity measures that still affect
Greece Italy and Spain today Portugal's
GDP is about 230 billion dollars ranking
48th in the world below Ireland and
Greece their economy consists of a very
diversified service industry and some of
the standout exports from Portugal
include automobiles and refined
petroleum Portugal is also the world's
leading producer of cork products
accounting for 60% of the global trade
because Portugal is uniquely isolated
historically their defense needs have
been minor in both world wars they've
been able to maintain relative
neutrality due to their smaller size
today there are only about 40,000 active
personnel but there are more than two
hundred thousand personnel and reserve
their arsenal is equipped with modern
aircraft ships and tanks and kept up to
date with a national defense budget of
four billion dollars although their
military is small its well maintained
and rakes 57th worldwide but the real
source of Portugal's international power
is their diplomatic relationships with
Europe and abroad Portugal joined the
European Union in 1986 and were early
members of both NATO and OECD's one of
their strongest allies is the United
Kingdom and their friendly ties date
back to the 14th century
additionally Portugal's former colonies
including Brazil and Angola give the
nation cultural foothold worldwide so
Portugal's alliances give the country an
international presence although their
economy is still somewhat lacking and
their military is quite small overall
the nation's power is relatively minimal
compared to the rest of the developed
Western world
however when compared to the rest of the
unhealthy European economies Portugal is
an example of success austerity measures
that crippled other nations like Greece
and Spain have worked for Portugal and
in that regard the nation has a unique
power to transform itself against the
odds and help its citizens flourish
neighbouring Spain may be much larger
than Portugal but both countries have
gone through similar struggles that have
affected their clout to find out just
how powerful Spain is watch this video
as one of the first and largest colonial
empires ever at their height they
controlled nearly 8 million square miles
covering 12% of the world's population
this mass influence has led to Spanish
being the second most spoken first
language in the world thanks for
watching test-tube news don't forget to
Like and subscribe so you can catch our
new videos see you next time
