this August
Isis publicly beheaded respected 82 year
old archaeologist Colette al-assad his
mutilated body was hung from a Roman
pillar at the archaeological site he had
studied placed on him was a sign that
accused him of being a heretic
the Syrian antiquities expert had worked
in Palmer for 50 years before he was
captured by militants a month before his
murder during his capture he refused to
lead Isis to hidden artifacts his
barbaric death has rattled Syrians and
archaeologists throughout the world in
August 2015 the Islamic state reportedly
blew up a 2,000 year-old temple located
in Syria this is the latest in a long
list of willfully destructive acts
against cultural sites their attempt at
eradicating important historical
landmarks has lasting repercussions and
are condemned worldwide so why is Isis
trying to erase history and what have
they destroyed so far
well since 2014 Isis has been on a
campaign to destroy the Middle East
ancient religious artifacts although a
large reason for these acts is to shock
the world and call further attention to
themselves there is a more insidious and
symbolic message behind the damage as
Isis has instituted themselves within
Syria and Iraq they have attempted to
remove all traces of the rich history
behind these countries they have painted
themselves not only as the ruling force
that is the only relevant historical
force this sort of cultural cleansing is
commonly seen in oppressive genocide
already mana tempt to erase both the
past and the future of endangered
regions the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia
knocked down temples and prohibited
religious worship Adolf Hitler's Nazis
were known for burning famous works of
art and mountains upon mountains of
books a little over a year Isis has
destroyed 30 historical sites in Iraq
alone including mosques shrines churches
and other important UNESCO World
Heritage Sites after capturing the city
of mazel isis jack-hammered and smashed
a number of artifacts from the second
largest museum in iraq a video shows
them bulldozing the archeological site
of the ancient Assyrian city nim root
Isis even has a specific battalion
dedicated to destroying these sites and
artifacts the group has claimed that the
ancient relics are a form of idolatry
and that
were ordered by God to destroy them Isis
members also steal and resell some of
the artifacts they find the destruction
of cultural heritage sites is an
important issue for the international
community
despite a post-world War two Hague
Convention to protect cultural property
during armed combat there is little the
government of Iraq Syria and Libya can
do to stop the mayhem although the UN is
running the unite for heritage campaign
to protect these sites and US Secretary
of State John Kerry announced the State
Department's efforts to document the
destruction very little has been
actually done the United Nations has
called the loss of these important sites
and artifacts a war crime Isis's actions
are extremely telling of a type of
organization they want to be their
ideologies similar to that of many
Islamic extremist groups but the careful
application of Sharia law
coupled with the wiping of the
historical slate clean speaks to their
hope of becoming a totalitarian genocide
'el state like the Nazis who came before
them Isis is a dangerous and dedicated
group the reprehensible and goal Isis
may be trying to erase history but they
can't erase or take back anything
they've done especially not the murders
they've committed against people like
humanitarian Kayla Mueller to learn more
about how Kayla ended up dying at the
hands of these terrorists watch this
video Isis starts to gain prominence
announcing the absorption of an al-qaeda
backed militant group in Syria on August
3rd 2013
Kayla crosses the Turkish border into
Syria to help a friend at a Spanish
Doctors Without Borders Hospital thank
you for tuning in to test-tube today
make sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
daily episodes
