in early 2015 two German news bloggers
revealed that the government would soon
institute new and controversial public
surveillance policies in response a
representative of the State Department
accused them of treason
but as with Edward Snowden in the u.s.
there was a huge public outcry in
defense of press freedoms so is
revealing government surveillance
policies really a form of treason what
exactly is treason while treason is
essentially defined as any severe
criminal betrayal against your own
country in various nations this can
include acts like killing a head of
state divulging military information or
state secrets to the enemy and
counterfeiting currency in ancient
England even sleeping with a queen or
princess was considered treasonous to be
guilty of these crimes one would incur
severe punishments like being burned at
the stake or chopped into pieces a
person who commits treason is called a
traitor denoting someone who commits
treacherous acts today a number of
countries still hold treason to be a
capital offense including the United
States Japan India and China but
convictions are rare as our executions
only a few have ever been convicted in
the u.s. of treason and none have been
put to death in the US a traitor is
defined as whoever owing allegiance to
the United States levies war against
them or adheres to their enemies giving
them aid and comfort within the United
States or elsewhere because of the
broadness of treasons definition the
term is often misused or misinterpreted
even by high-ranking government
officials in fact the use of the word
treason in reference to Snowden's case
and the recent case in Germany seems
outdated and out of place too many
people although several US officials
have accused Snowden of treason
legal experts suggest that the charges
wouldn't actually stick Snowden is
currently hiding for leaking secret data
and policies from the National Security
Agency that many including the president
believe compromised u.s. security
however it would be hard to prove that
Snowden released the data to give aid to
enemies of the United States thus the
federal definition doesn't really apply
a moral gray area surrounding the idea
treason contributes to the widespread
confusion of the term with millions
being watched by covert government
agencies some form of whistleblowing and
transparency is a must but how much
transparency is too much at what point
does investigative journalism threaten
the lives of citizens these are
questions which commonly emerge in the
modern debates on treason although the
term represents a poorly understood and
ambiguous crime the word still carries
serious weight due to its historical
significance if you want to learn more
about Edward Snowden's complicated story
check out this timeline that we created
find out everything you need to know
about Edward Snowden the US government
and President Obama in particular are
accused of unlawful international spike
Obama does damage control to defend the
actions thanks for watching test-tube
news everyone please subscribe so you
get all of our videos every single day
of the week
