in July 2015 an ultra-orthodox Jewish
man attacked six people with a knife
during an LGBT parade in Israel Jews and
Israelis worldwide denounced the attack
as a quote despicable hate crime
attributed to religious extremism in
fact a 2006 poll by an Israeli nonprofit
found that ultra-orthodox Jews were the
most hated group in Israel by a wide
margin so why do Israelis hate Orthodox
Jews well despite Judaism being one of
the world's oldest religions an
overwhelming majority of Jews are
secular and non-religious unlike most
countries with a distinct cultural and
religious majority Israel doesn't even
have an official religion despite the
word Orthodox generally referring to
long-standing traditionalist groups the
modern Jewish orthodoxy is barely a
century old around the late 1800s Jews
began to view themselves as a cultural
group rather than a religious one
stressing morality through education and
family this shift left many religious
Jews adhering to two opposing camps one
called Modern Orthodoxy the other called
Hardy Judaism Modern Orthodoxy preaches
inclusion and involvement in secular
scientific and cultural Jewish movements
and supports the Israeli state most
religious Jews around the world fall
into this first category however herati
Judaism is marked by a traditionalist
ultra-religious rejection of modern
secularism most people who represent
this form including the LGBTQ attacker
are called Hasidic and are religious
fundamentalists the seats are most
commonly identified by their religious
garb including black clothing and fur
hats what's interesting is that hassid's
don't only oppose modern secular Jews
but have always opposed the creation of
an Israeli state but why would ultralord
adducts jews take a literal view of the
Torah which says that Jews cannot claim
their own state until the Messiah
returns to grant it to them the herati
also have argued that a secular state
would diminish the religious influence
of Judaism much of Israeli law actually
directly conflicts with religious law
particularly in regard to women's rights
this is no surprise considering that
over 40 percent of Israeli Jews are
secular while only 8% of ultra-orthodox
when Israel was created a religious
exemption for military service was
established as a compromise for her any
Jews who opposed supporting the nation
of Israel for decades this policy has
been considered unfair and in 2014 it
was overturned
they need some mass protests by the
ultra-orthodox and this trends not
in Israel some suggest that this is due
to the insular nature of the
ultra-orthodox and the often times
belligerent disregard for secular laws
and customs essentially Jewish
extremists are condemned by nearly every
portion of your society and are
distinctly separated from everyday
cultural Judaism so why do Israelis hate
ultra-orthodox Jews
well like nearly all other religious
fundamentalists they're behind the times
and aren't getting what they want for a
closer look at what Jewish orthodoxy
actually is check out this video from
seeker daily orthodoxy is not a specific
religion or sect of Judaism rather it's
a quasi categorization used to
distinguish more traditional
conservative practice of Judaism from
more liberal adherence thanks for
watching test-tube make sure to LIKE and
subscribe for new videos every day
