in 2011 Spain along with Portugal
Ireland and Greece were popularly given
the acronym pigs their economic
situation was so bad that they were
expected to consume mass bailouts from
the European Union but in the past four
years Spain has seen a lightning-fast
recovery and the highest economic growth
in the EU as of 2015 so what is it about
Spain that helped them turn things
around just how powerful is Spain
well Spain is a relatively large country
by European standards coming in at
roughly 200,000 square miles or
three-quarters the size of Texas this
makes them the second largest country in
the EU after France but Spain is only
the fifth most populous with a bit more
than 45 million residents
despite its smaller size Spain's
historical legacy is vast as one of the
first and largest colonial empires ever
at their height they controlled nearly 8
million square miles covering 12% of the
world's population this mass influence
has led to Spanish being the second most
spoken first language in the world but
Spain has since lost its hold over much
of the world and become a peaceful EU
member today their GDP is around 1.4
trillion dollars and ranks 14th globally
however despite the recent economic
success there's still not quite in the
clear Spain's unemployment figures have
exploded from 8% in 2007 to 26% in 2013
Spain has also suffered from high
inflation and one of the worst education
systems among OECD nations but despite
all of this Spain continues to rake in
enormous amounts of revenue from tourism
and is one of the most prolific tourist
industries in the world in 2006 tourism
brought in 40 billion euros comprising
five percent of entire country's GDP
Spain is also one of the largest
renewable energy countries with more
solar power energy produced than even
the United States but how strong is
their military well their Armed Forces
are comprised of an Army Navy and Air
Force
boasting roughly 140,000 total personnel
in 2015 they allocated about 6.3 billion
dollars to defense making up only half a
percent of their GDP as NATO members
they're expected to contribute closer to
2 percent and the u.s. spends about
three and a half percent
Spain's military also contributes
peacekeeping troops of the United
Nations luckily as an EU and NATO member
Spain has mutual Assurance pacts with
the rest of Europe and the United States
meaning they have little to fear in case
of foreign belligerents Spain is a
beautiful large inviting country with a
formidable economy sufficient military
and storied history but just how
powerful is Spain well with a weak
education system high unemployment and a
dropping standard of living Spain has
many problems to tackle before
reaffirming their former global power
sure Spain is a while to go before
becoming a leading nation france on the
other hand is among the top five most
powerful countries in the world so how
did france get so strong to find out be
sure to watch this video
france is also a full NATO member and a
founding member of the European Union
and they hold a lot of influence over
the world's economy 14 African nations
use a form of currency called the CFA
franc which has direct ties to France's
national bank thanks for watching
test-tube news please don't forget to
Like and subscribe so you can watch new
videos every day
