in August 1945 the United States dropped
two atomic bombs on Japan killing as
many as 135,000 people mostly civilians
the devastation in fallout also led to
severe health problems for survivors and
their children and decimated civilian
communities so why exactly did the
United States drop nuclear weapons on
Japan well in the years leading up to
the bombing World War two was in full
swing on one side were the Allies
consisting of the u.s. the UK and a
number of mostly European countries on
the other were the Axis powers Germany
Italy and Japan the catalyst for direct
confrontation between the u.s. and Japan
happened on December 7th 1941 at the
time Japan had begun advancing their
fleet into the central and southwest
Pacific which included US territory in
the Philippines Japan intended to
neutralize the threat of US force by
bombing their Pacific Fleet at Pearl
Harbor the surprise attack didn't
disable the USS Navy but it did
immediately result in a formal
declaration of war on Japan fast-forward
to 1945 Italy had already surrendered
and the Allies were invading the German
capital on April 30th
Adolf Hitler committed suicide and by
May Germany surrendered but Japan
refused to surrender and continue to
fight unabated now with all eyes on
Japan the Allies needed to figure out
how to end the war and prevent further
casualties the first plan was to conduct
an all-out invasion of the Japanese
mainland in what was called Operation
downfall however Japan's unique
geography meant there was really only
one predictable invasion entry point
preliminary study determined that as
many as 280,000 people would die in the
invasion in July the Allies called for
Japan to surrender promising to bring
prompt and utter destruction if they
refused to pay and ignored the request
seemingly left with no better options
the decision was made by the US and the
UK to drop the secret atomic bomb on one
of Japan's industrial and military
strongholds Hiroshima it was also noted
by US officials that the bomb would be a
significant display of power and
post-war relations with the Soviet Union
on August 6 1945 a bomber plane dropped
the fifteen kiloton bomb killing 30% of
Hiroshima is population
and almost instantly in the following
days the Allies again called for Japan's
surrender warning a further destruction
if they refused Japan did not respond
but by early morning Moscow time on
August 9th the Soviet Union surprised
Japan by declaring war and invading a
Japanese held city the shook Japanese
officials who did not expect the Soviets
to violate their neutrality agreement it
also removed a huge assurance for Japan
that the Allies would not be able to
easily invade them by land several hours
later the u.s. dropped another atomic
bomb this time at Nagasaki killing as
many as 75,000 people after six days of
deliberations Japan officially announced
their unconditional surrender on August
15th
finally ending world war ii today the
lasting effects the bombings can still
be seen throughout the two cities
despite repairing the physical damage
and rebuilding the relationship between
the US and Japan the events continued
away heavily in both countries histories
over the past 70 years the moral excuse
for dropping nuclear weapons has been
widely challenged and debated to find
out how the u.s. in Japan managed to
overcome their past and become the close
allies they are today check out this
video from 1945 to japan's independence
in 1952 the United States occupied and
rebuilt the country with a heavy
emphasis on growth and stability thanks
for watching test-tube news don't forget
to Like and subscribe so you don't miss
a single episode
