for the last century Christians have
made up an overwhelming global majority
comprising roughly one-third of the
total population in the Americas alone
some 86% identify as Christians yet in a
few parts of the world
Christians are severely persecuted for
their beliefs in fact as much as 80% of
all religious persecution overall is
directed at Christians so what are the
worst countries to be a Christian every
year a nonprofit named open doors
releases a ranking of countries where
Christians face the most persecution for
the past 13 years in a row the number
one spot has been occupied by North
Korea open doors claims that between
50,000 and 70,000 Christians are
currently interned in prisons and
concentration camps there although North
Korea claims freedom of religion
citizens are expected to exclusively
worship their leaders the Kim dynasty
the US State Department reports that the
isolated country allows no religious
freedom whatsoever the second worst
country to be a Christian is Somalia the
ongoing civil war combined with the
anti-christian Islamist group al-shabaab
means that Christians have no
governmental protections from violent
attacks only about 1 in 8,000 Somalis
are Christian compared to 1 in 3
worldwide similarly parts of war-torn
Iraq and Syria have been overtaken by
the Islamic terrorist state Isis as a
result Christians must convert to Islam
leave the country or pay a religious
minority tax or risk being killed since
the start of the Iraq war in 2003 the
number of Iraqi Christians has fallen
from about one and a half million to an
estimated 400,000 in Syria some half a
million Christians have been displaced
in just the last few years alone in
Afghanistan all citizens are considered
to be Muslim by default meaning that
most laws end up disenfranchising
Christians and other religious
minorities in fact the only Christian
Church in Afghanistan is located within
the Italian embassy additionally a mass
media law prevents any publications
contrary to Islam which inherently
include any proselytizing or Christian
literature the few Christian converts
who are discovered are often exiled to
India with reports of beatings and
sexual abuse while in custody with North
Korea a notable exception
9 out of the top 10 worst countries for
Christians are
muslim-majority nations in the Middle
East and Africa in recent years
Christians have all but abandoned those
regions as violence and religious
extremism continues to grow Pope Francis
has even referred to the persecution of
Christians in the Middle East as a form
of genocide with the world split along
religious divides and a growing Muslim
population thought to rival Christianity
by 2050 it seems as though Christianity
has a diminishing chance of survival in
certain parts of the world the changing
demographics of world religions will
continue shaping how different cultures
and faiths interact to learn about the
future of the major religions check out
this video
some estimates place the number of
religions worldwide in the thousands
there are over 40,000 Christian sects
alone but the five big ones are
Christianity Islam Hinduism Buddhism
Judaism plus the unaffiliated today
Christians and Muslims make up roughly
half of the world's population with 31
and 23 percent respectively thanks for
watching make sure to subscribe for more
test-tube news videos every day of the
week
