at a Titan 1279 the Mongol Empire
spanned from the Pacific Ocean to
Central Europe making it the largest
contiguous land Empire in history under
its ruthless leader Genghis Khan the
Mongol army slaughtered huge populations
and decimated entire cities conquering
more land in 25 years than the Romans
did in 400 so how did the Mongol Empire
eventually dissolve well before Genghis
Khan died in 1227 he divided the Empire
among his sons who each went on to
conquer their own portion of the world
these four khanates were ruled by a
single leader of the Empire
Genghis his son Logan icon when ogen I
died in 1241 it led to a decade-long
power struggle among Mongol elites
ultimately one of genghis grandsons
monka Khan took power in 1251 he quickly
renewed Mongol expansion primarily
through new conquests in the Middle East
and southern China but just eight years
later in 1259 monka died and Mongol
generals gathered in the capital to
choose a successor one of these generals
was forced to take much of his army away
from his conquests around what is today
Syria in Israel a move which
unintentionally proved to be a turning
point in Mongol history while this
region was left barely protected and
without its conquering general the small
remaining army came up against another
conquering empire the Muslim mom Luke's
this standoff known as the Battle of
angelou twith lost spectacularly by the
Mongols and marked the end of their
Southwest expansion as well as their
first permanent loss around this time
the Mongol elites in the capital were
unable to choose a successor escalating
into a civil war between Genghis Khan's
descendants they broke apart into for
autonomous empires the Golden Horde the
ilkhanate the chaga die Khanate in the
Yuan Dynasty in 1260 Mon Ches brother
Kublai Khan took over as Great Khan
however his power was limited to his own
Khanate the Yuan Dynasty the divided
Mongol Empire gradually grew weaker as
the khanates were disorganized and
succumbed to infighting one of the
biggest issues was that they failed to
create a system to peacefully transition
power so for instance when the last
ruling heir of the Golden Horde died in
1359 the khanates government was left in
chaos
and ultimately overtaken by a rival
Muslim dynasty similar defeats brought
down other khanates throughout the 14th
century this gradual collapse was
exacerbated by the Black Plague which
spread along Mongol trade routes finally
in 1368 the Ming Dynasty overthrew the
Yuan Dynasty which covered most of the
Mongols remaining land at that point
Genghis Khan's last descendants
retreated to Mongolia where they ruled
until 1635 today more than 600 years
later the Mongol Empire continues to
bewilder historians the Mongols
permanently shifted borders and
displaced or eradicated entire
populations but at the same time they
created a completely new system of free
trade and were exceptionally tolerant of
different religions and ethnicities the
scope of the Mongols unrelenting
conquests and their impact on central
asia and surrounding regions cannot be
ignored the rise of the mongol empire
was one of the deadliest conquests in
history with fatalities rivaling those
of world wars so how did this great
empire come to be find out more in this
video by the beginning of the 13th
century around the age of 44 Temujin had
to overcome all the tribes and unified
them establishing the greater mongol
state and himself as the king of kings
or in western pronunciation genghis khan
thanks for being with us on seeker daily
today don't forget to Like and subscribe
for more interesting videos every day
