more than a dozen Republicans have
entered the race for presidency and the
list just keeps growing one of the
latest to announce is the Governor of
Wisconsin Scott Walker now while Walker
doesn't have particularly high name
recognition outside of his state he
hasn't lost a political race since 1990
so who exactly is Scott Walker
well the 47 year old Eagle Scout is
originally from Colorado Springs
Colorado since his college years he has
been actively involved in politics and
made several runs at various leadership
roles from student senator to district
assemblyman to county executive he's won
the last 11 elections he's been a part
of
however despite his success Walker has
been regularly embroiled in political
scandals including investigations of
financial theft and even a recall
attempt as governor as with most other
Republican candidates Walker generally
chose a party line on political and
social issues he has said that he
opposes abortion even in cases of rape
and incest although he stated that he
doesn't quote obsessed with it he is
also a big supporter of gun rights
passing concealed carry and castle
doctor laws during his time as governor
although Walker used to support a
pathway to citizenship for undocumented
immigrants he has recently strengthened
his position that illegal immigration
must be prevented he has also said that
there are too many legal immigrants
suggesting an impact on American jobs
during his time as governor Walker made
moves to weaken university professor
tenure cut the university budget and
removed the common core curriculum from
K to 12 education additionally he
authorized half a billion dollars in tax
cuts in 2014
yet he faced a 300 million dollar
deficit the following year and skipped a
hundred million dollar debt payment he
has stated that he plans to reform a
number of government programs like
Social Security and Medicare Walker has
also repeatedly opposed same-sex
marriage and suggested that churches
decide its legality instead of the
government although he has spoken out
against Colorado's legalization of
marijuana he did
an opiate addiction support bill this
included allowing first responders more
tools to deal with overdoses and a Good
Samaritan Clause protecting those who
report overdoses as a 2016 election has
been heating up Walker has faced some
criticism on his refusal to answer
questions about President Obama's faith
the theory of evolution and his
flip-flopping on farmer subsidies
despite Walker being re-elected as
governor by a wide margin most Wisconsin
nights don't want him running for
president only 11% of poll respondents
thought he would make for an excellent
leader still whether conservative voters
around the country share this feeling
will only become clear during the
primaries we've been trying to keep up
with the flood of candidates so if you
want to find out more about the rest of
the political contenders check out our
political playlists despite being the
brother of a president with one of the
lowest approval rates in history Jeb
Bush is still a strong Republican
candidate so who exactly is Jeb Bush
thanks for watching and make sure you
like and subscribe to test-tube news for
new videos every day
