2016 has been the worst year for carbon
emissions in 66 million years and with
Donald Trump as the new president-elect
that may not get better anytime soon
such extreme pollution has demanded a
solution from world leaders one proposed
idea is called a carbon tax and is
championed by environmentalist and even
some conservatives but what exactly is a
carbon tax and could it actually work
well a carbon tax establishes a price on
greenhouse gas emission so companies are
charged for every tonne of emissions
they produce the idea is that the tax
will incentivize companies to lower
their carbon emissions and find new
technologies that decrease their carbon
needs aka empowering the marketplace to
find solutions without adding more
regulations it's this last point that's
particularly appealing to conservatives
but realistically if companies have to
pay an additional fee chances are that
energy costs will rise one way to offset
the increase in energy cost to the
consumer is to make the tax revenue
neutral this means that while energy
costs would rise people would see the
money returned to them instead of the
government either via a reimbursement
check or by a reduction in income taxes
carbon taxes already exist in Denmark
Finland Ireland the Netherlands Norway
Slovenia Switzerland and Chile Sweden
was the first country to institute a
carbon tax and they did so back in 1991
currently it's a tax of 150 dollars per
ton and arguably it's been the most
successful at changing behaviors and
reducing carbon emissions as it field
new green heating technologies in 2008
British Columbia Canada instituted a
carbon tax with the intention of using
the revenue to reduce income taxes but
whether or not it's been successful
depends on who you ask although it did
appear to slightly reduce carbon
emissions critics say that the tax
between 10 and $30 a ton was too low to
change industry behavior in fact oil
company ExxonMobil supports a carbon tax
between 40 and 80 dollars per ton
believing that stability and a
regulatory environment will help them in
the long term so why our carbon tax is
controversial while opponents of the tax
say that it would hurt country GDPs
especially developing countries
that rely on high emissions industries
and others argue that any financial
benefits from the tax being revenue
neutral could actually benefit big
business rather than low and middle
class people overall the environmental
community is on board with a carbon tax
but there's a heated debate about what
to do with the tax revenues and whether
they should go directly back to the
consumer or be used to help progress to
a greener economy as part of the Paris
climate agreement the United States has
committed to reduce its greenhouse gas
emissions by 26 to 28 percent by 2025
but climate change legislation has seen
little progress in Congress and with the
election of Donald Trump who has
criticized the Paris agreement many are
unsure the deal will remain in place so
where does that leave us still needing
to figure out how to reduce greenhouse
gas emissions as environmentalist Bill
McKibben says carbon should not flow
unpriced into the atmosphere any more
than you should be allowed to Tosh or
garbage in the street we at seeker are
committed to bringing news stories that
will inform and inspire you in this next
episode of meet 24 year old Louie bird
an inexperienced rower who embarked on
the journey of his life across the
Pacific Ocean all to connect with a
memory of his father I coming to the
place that holds me and my father's life
I had
prepared for the fact that it would be
as difficult as it has been but now I've
put it made a breakthrough and I feel a
lot more confident on the boat we're
over halfway I'm enjoying myself
thank you for watching seeker daily
please make sure to LIKE and subscribe
to see new videos every day
