since 2009 Colorado has been offering
young women free long-term birth control
as an experimental health initiative
between 2009 and 2013 teenage birth
rates and teen abortions dropped about
40% Colorado has been at the forefront
of many progressive policies so we
wanted to know how powerful is Colorado
well Colorado is America's eighth
largest state it's about the same size
as New Zealand with a slightly larger
population of over five million
financially they're doing pretty well
Colorado's median household income is
about $60,000 a year roughly six and a
half thousand dollars higher than the
national median part of this is due to
the fact that Colorado is a powerhouse
its energy resources are massive with
the state hosting ten of the country's
largest natural gas fields and three of
the largest oil fields furthermore
Colorado's shale oil deposits are
estimated to double the entire world's
proven oil reserves at around three
trillion barrels plus Colorado's
geography including the Rocky Mountains
and fast flowing rivers makes it perfect
for wind geothermal hydroelectric and
solar power
Colorado is also deeply connected to the
US as military power the US Air Force
Academy NORAD and a number of other
military and science contractors called
Colorado their home in fact as much as a
third of Colorado's land is owned by the
federal government but Colorado's real
claim to fame is their progressive
politics and noteworthy results the
state is one of the few sanctuary cities
for undocumented immigrants with the
fourth highest percentage nationwide the
state also issues driver's licenses to
undocumented immigrants Colorado also
has the most American city in America
based on the US Census fountain Colorado
is called the Millennium City because at
the turn of the millennium it best
represented the demographics of the u.s.
in age income and race though unlike the
rest of the country Colorado currently
has the lowest rates of obesity finally
Colorado is one of only four states to
legalize marijuana for both medicine
and recreational purposes this move has
earned the state up to ten million
dollars a month in tax and license fees
and in fact teen marijuana use actually
dropped after its legalization
although rates have been dropping
countrywide as well as a
forward-thinking moderately wealthy
energy rich military critical pot
smoking skinny state Colorado has a lot
to offer stacked against the other
states it's safe to say that Colorado
isn't the biggest the best or the
strongest but they're certainly powerful
where many other states fall short now
if you're curious about how powerful
some other US states are check out our
videos on Texas and California and as
always thanks for watching test-tube
news guys please subscribe for new
videos every day
