data from the Department of Defense
suggests that women in the military are
more likely to be sexually assaulted by
a fellow soldier than they are to be
killed in combat in recent years the US
military has strengthened its position
on sexual abuse among servicemembers and
reports that cases are declining however
in May 2015
u.s. senator Kirsten Gillibrand accused
the Pentagon of underreporting sexual
assaults so just how widespread is
sexual abuse in the military well the
Department of Defense defines sexual
assault as intentional sexual contact
characterized by use of force threats
intimidation or abuse of authority or
when the victim does not or cannot
consent this includes offenses like rape
for sodomy and any unwanted sexual
contact a 2014 report indicated that
nearly half of assaults towards women
and a third of assaults towards men were
penetrative sexual assaults however
overall rates have been dropping in 2014
about 19,000 service members were
sexually assaulted compared to 26,000 in
2012 while rates of assault went down
the number of reported cases roughly
doubled from about 3,000 to 6,000 and
only a small percentage of those cases
ever went to court part of the reason
that so few servicemembers report sexual
abuse is that retaliation from other
soldiers or commanding officers is
common the Department of Defense noted
that roughly 60% of female victims who
reported an assault faced some type of
retribution 90 percent of victims were
involuntarily discharged after they
reported abuse these discharges often
forego the mention of sexual assault
entirely and instead lists personality
disorders as the justification for
dismissal so why is sexual abuse so
prevalent in the military well its
organizational structure poses some
conflicts of interest a commanding
officer is expected to maintain a group
of unified trustworthy soldiers any
reports of sexual violence within their
command reflects badly on them this
increases the chances of commanding
officers attempting to resolve sexual
assault quietly or by ignoring it
altogether
additionally the military's approach to
educating servicemembers about sexual
assault has been called very 1950
and outdated in 2005 the Department of
Defense established the sexual assault
prevention and response program to
improve the military's response and
transparency annual reports are also
required by law to cover the statistics
of military sexual abuse cases other
methods of fighting the problem include
a 24/7 hotline for service members to
call if their commanding officer ignores
their report many high-ranking officials
have been accused of maintaining a
military culture in which rape is
underreported and often unpunished one
expert noted that right now the burden
of proof is stacked against sexual
trauma survivors although rates are
lower in the military than in the
general population there's still way too
high to continue sweeping under the rug
without better education communication
and acknowledgement sexual assault will
continue to be a massive problem for the
US military I recently met a brave young
woman who was sexually assaulted in the
military she was eventually discharged
he got 30 days restriction and bumped
down in rank to see how she's overcoming
her trauma be sure to check out this
video from my series rituals he would
follow me around and call me all sorts
of names that are inappropriate and he
gave me extra duty all the time but when
other people would try to stick up for
me it seemed like he would retaliate
against me but more if I went for help
and thanks as always for watching be
sure to subscribe for new videos every
day
