in Japan nearly a million young men have
locked themselves in their bedrooms and
refused to go outside this phenomenon of
isolation has been attributed as a
side-effect to Japan's highly
competitive economy and culture so how
is Japan's economy destroying their
youth Japanese culture generally places
a significant amount of emphasis on
education and employment but in recent
years Japan has seen a significant
downturn in their economic growth
however Japan's recession isn't the same
as in most other countries stores don't
go out of business luxury spending
continues and the fabric of society
still seems comfortable but the lack of
available new jobs does have a massive
impact on younger generations with fewer
jobs to go around
many Japanese men give up hope and
withdraw from society furthermore the
longer one is unemployed the harder it
is to find a job since companies tend to
hire fresh out of high school in college
young adults and adolescents who
confined themselves for long periods of
time we're called hikikomori
they are among the generation of youths
called grass-eaters which are mostly men
who shy away from sexual relationships
and general social contact they tend to
live at home with their parents some
well into their 40s additionally most
Japanese youths are expected to provide
for their families putting tremendous
stress and pressure on them to succeed
the weak economy also puts a strain on
relationships as many japanese women
refuse to date unemployed men
considering them weak and effeminate
japan's government has warned that more
than one and a half million are on the
verge of becoming he Kiko Mori an
estimated 700,000 he Kiko Mori have
already locked themselves away the
influx of socially anxious men has
created big changes for Japan including
a massive drop in birth rates to record
lows and a shift in consumer habits away
from a more masculine driven culture
studies have shown that as much as 75%
of men in their 20s and 30s consider
themselves grass eaters considering the
depth of culture associating success and
hard work with self identity in Japan
will take significant social effort and
a better economy to improve this
epidemic to learn more about Japan's
doomed youth and the emerging hermit
culture check out this seeker daily
video there seems to be a unique
combination of cultural drivers behind
it strong pressure on Japanese youth to
follow the career their parents choose
high emphasis on family honor and
difficulty coping with stress thanks for
watching and remember to Like and
subscribe to test-tube news
