in the two years since Edward Snowden
leaked the us's surveillance secrets he
has applied for asylum in 27 countries
thus far only Russia has agreed to grant
him year-to-year asylum so what exactly
is asylum and who can get it well people
have been seeking refuge from
persecution for a long time historically
those accused of crimes would hide in
churches where one could not be harmed
without facing the wrath of God in 5:11
ad this right to asylum for murderers
adulterers and thieves was codified in
French law this is one of the reasons
that churches are referred to as
sanctuaries however the modern form of
asylum came about in the 1951 UN Refugee
Convention following World War two a
large number of refugees swarmed through
Europe and the criteria for asylum
seekers had to be established thus a
person can seek asylum if they are quote
unable or unwilling to return to their
country of origin
owing to a well-founded fear of being
persecuted for reasons of race religion
nationality membership of a particular
social group or political opinion as in
Snowden's case most asylum is granted
within the borders of a host country
however any territory owned by a host
country can be used as well Julian
Assange founder of WikiLeaks is another
famous asylum seeker he is currently
being housed in Ecuador's Embassy in
London if he leaves the embassy he risks
extradition to Sweden if you are granted
asylum you are able to live as a legal
immigrant in that country you cannot be
extradited back to your country of
origin as long as you have Asylum status
in the US after a year you can apply for
a green card and later citizenship so
how do you get it well essentially
you have to prove to an asylum country
that you fit the profile of a refugee
also that the government of your home
country is intent on persecuting you or
is unable to stop your persecution by
others however the United States for
example is only willing to accept a
certain number of refugees from each
part of the world with different
ceilings per region in July of 2013
Russia granted Snowden asylum this
allowed him not
only to live and work in Moscow but also
to avoid answering the charges against
him however the move caused even more
tension in the already tumultuous
relationship between the United States
and Russia the Obama administration
described the move as extremely
disappointing even threatened to scale
back diplomatic relations in many cases
asylum can cause significant controversy
between countries when one country
harbors people who may have committed
political or social crimes in another it
highlights the ideological differences
between those countries
luckily the UN Refugee Convention has
made it clear that protecting the
defenseless from persecution is more
important than political stability
although asylum can be granted in many
cases there are also times when
countries assist one another to arrest
fugitives to learn about how this works
check out our video here there's no
inherent obligation to cooperate when it
comes to criminal deportation as a
result a special process known as
extradition is an agreement between
countries to transfer suspects to
wherever they are intended to be
prosecuted thanks for watching test-tube
don't forget to subscribe for all our
latest reports
