in July 2015 the world's oldest man died
after reaching 112 years of age he was
from Japan a nation known for its very
long life expectancy rates most
countries with high life expectancy have
a number of common traits so which
countries live the longest and why well
a low life expectancy for a country
doesn't necessarily mean that adults die
at a younger age in most places those
who make it to adulthood end up living
much longer than the reported life
expectancy the life expectancy figure is
skewed to a lower number because child
mortality rates are added into the
average for example in 2001 Nigeria had
more than 3 million people over 60 years
of age but because of high child
mortality rates
Nigeria's average life expectancy was
just 47 years old although the statistic
is often misinterpreted life expectancy
data is a valuable tool for tracking the
development of countries so what are the
countries with the highest life
expectancies well several international
reports differ the World Health
Organization reports that Japan ranks
first followed by a tie between
countries like Switzerland and Singapore
the Organisation for Economic
Cooperation and Development lists Japan
Spain Iceland and Switzerland as the
longest living countries and the central
intelligence agency lists Monaco Macau
and Japan on top so what contributes to
a high life expectancy well experts
suggest that many high life expectancy
countries have national diets that
contribute to cardiovascular health the
Japanese in particular who commonly eat
raw fish and vegetables are known to
have low rates of heart disease and
obesity there is also a well-known
cultural emphasis on respect and care
for elders which improves lifespan other
countries invest heavily in preventative
health care the Swiss government
allocates over $9,000 a person for
medical expenses on the other end of the
spectrum the w-h-o notes that nine
countries in sub-saharan Africa still
have life expectancies below 55
including Angola Lesotho and Mozambique
these places suffer from more infectious
diseases than high life expectancy
countries
AIDS and malaria still pose major
threats to the population but overall
life expectancies worldwide are
increasing global averages suggest that
a girl born in 2012 will live 73 years
and boys are expected to live 68 years
these averages are six years higher than
global figures from 1990 as scientists
and medical experts keep working on new
ways to prolong lifespan in the next
century people may be regularly living
past a hundred years if you want to look
at the science what why people live so
long check out this video from dnews
there's a link in the description if you
want to see the full video something
started to change around 1870 as
medication practices and dietary habits
improved over the decades women started
living longer than men thanks for
joining us on test-tube news please
remember to subscribe so you get all of
our videos every day
