it is widely believed that slavery no
longer exists in the world or that it
has been largely eradicated but in fact
it has been reported that there are now
more slaves than there have ever been
before in history modern slavery is
largely known as human trafficking and
involves the trade of people who are
labor sex and even their organs so just
how bad is human trafficking most cases
are broken down into two main categories
sex trafficking and labor trafficking
victims of labor trafficking around the
world are often forced to work in
sweatshops and mines younger victims are
exploited and forced to beg on the
street and may even be enlisted as child
soldiers meanwhile victims of sex
trafficking are forced into prostitution
and pornography these victims don't tend
to stay in one place for long and are
often moved from city to city in
Bulgaria a hotbed of human trafficking
the average annual salary is $2,600
however a forced prostitute can earn
more than ten times that amount
traffickers generally use force fraud
and coercion to keep people enslaved
many victims are kidnapped from their
homes once captured tactics such as rape
physical abuse and food and sleep
deprivation are used to control victims
fraud refers to the traffickers tactic
of luring a victim with promises of
legitimate work or a better life however
once the victim arrives there is no work
to be found instead they are forced into
a sweatshop or a brothel
finally traffickers threatened violence
against captives families to keep them
in check it is estimated that
approximately 21 to 36 million people
are enslaved around the world worse yet
more than a quarter of victims are under
18 and while many believe that human
trafficking only occurs in third world
countries
slaves have been found all over the
United States some are migrant workers
others as domestic employees and a
number are prostitutes so what is being
done to put a stop to human trafficking
in the US the trafficking Victims
Protection Act was the first federal law
to address trafficking in the
States is intended to both prevent and
protect survivors of human trafficking
and prosecute traffickers while many
suggest that slavery has been abolished
in the modern world a look at
trafficking statistics shows that it's a
much more severe problem than you'd
think
much like the US Russia has a huge
problem with modern-day slavery to learn
more about the situation there watch
this video there's a link in the
description if you want to see the full
video yes
that means 48 other countries have more
slaves per capita than Russia but it
doesn't take away from Russia's enormous
problem with forced labor thanks for
watching test-tube news please subscribe
now
