in 2014 a few cities in Hawaii passed
legislation making it illegal to sit or
lie on sidewalks these laws were quickly
challenged as being discriminatory
towards the homeless in fact many cities
had passed similar laws specifically
criminalizing homeless behavior so what
rights do the homeless have in America
in 2013 the number of homeless in the
United States passed 600,000 and that
number is growing many who are homeless
find it more difficult to find
employment and housing regardless of
their ability the stigma of homelessness
is a powerful obstruction in the lives
of many Americans yet despite the
inherent difficulty in being homeless a
number of social institutions seek to
make it even harder in order to benefit
less disenfranchised groups as many as a
third of US cities have laws
criminalizing sitting or lying in a
public space these legal codes
effectively make it illegal to be
homeless without addressing the issue
itself they do this by specifically
targeting unavoidable homeless behavior
while espousing the idea that the law is
intended to prevent a broader form of
nuisance laws against loitering vagrancy
begging or sleeping in streets and parks
means that many are forced into homeless
shelters or cities with laxer anti
homeless laws this selective legislation
is not a new idea
in 1894 a famed French writer commented
that the law in its majestic equality
forbids the rich as well as the poor to
sleep under bridges to beg in the
streets and to steal bread however not
all states are so reticent to
acknowledge homeless rights in Rhode
Island Connecticut in Illinois some
legislation is referred to as a homeless
Bill of Rights it attempts to guarantee
equal access for all to medical care
free speech free movement voting rights
employment opportunities and privacy
additionally Puerto Rico and some US
states including California Texas
Florida and Maryland have laws
protecting the homeless as potential
hate crime targets with a widening
inequality gap rising poverty and less
mental health funding homelessness is an
unavoidable problem in the United States
laws specifically targeting those who
need the most help are evasive solutions
to a much larger problem
for a closer look at the lives of
America's homeless check out this video
from this happened here or for an
overview on the number of homeless
people in America check out the other
video below thanks for watching
test-tube news subscribe for new videos
every day
