in June 2015 Japan's Navy conducted a
series of drills near a disputed island
in the South China Sea the drills
increased long-standing tensions between
China and Japan which are the second and
third largest world economies
respectively as the battle over the
South China Sea continues to intensify
we wanted to know what would happen if
China and Japan went to war the source
of their strained relation comes from
their mutual then divided history much
of Japanese culture originated in China
and for many centuries they were close
allies however around the 1850s the u.s.
established a trade relationship with
Japan allowing it to modernize along
Western ideals as European forces had
repeatedly beaten Chinese military
forces during the opium wars Japan began
to view in neighbors as weaker and
outmoded in the early 20th century the
Japanese committed a number of war
crimes against Japan for which they have
taken limited responsibility this divide
between East and West began a long
separation of ideals and allegiances for
the two countries a 2014 BBC poll found
that 73 percent of Japanese people and
90 percent of Chinese people have
negative views of each other meaning
that they dislike each other more than
any other country dislikes either of
them so who would win in a war well in
purely material terms China is ranked as
the third most powerful military in the
world while Japan is ranked ninth China
has about 4.6 million active and reserve
personnel against Japan's roughly
300,000 additionally as the war would
most likely play out in the South China
Sea China's Navy is about six times as
strong as Japan's however Japan would
most likely be supported by NATO as a
major non-nato Ally and even if most of
NATO refused Japan has a direct mutual
defense treaty with the United States
this would dramatically shift the
balance of power to Japan's side finally
Japan's Constitution ensures that their
military is exclusively restricted to
cell
defense however in recent years Japan
has been shying away from a defense only
military policy Japan's military is also
more technologically advanced than
China's and would likely be able to hold
off an attack luckily despite recent
tension relations between the two
countries have seen a general trend
upwards in a 2010 joint report China and
Japan came to the consensus that
Japanese aggression was responsible for
the sino-japanese war significantly
easing tensions over the matter
additionally the two countries are among
each other's largest trade partners
since both powerful economies rely
directly on each other the chances of
ruining that with an ideological war are
so slim that they're nearly non-existent
the flaring of tensions over island
territory are more likely to lead to
political maneuvering and diplomacy
rather than outright war want to know
more about the last war between Japan
and China check out our video here
there's a shockingly long history of
military conflict between China and
Japan the first recorded battle dates
all the way back to 663 AD but the
incident at the heart of this conflict
is the treatment of the Chinese by the
Japanese during the second sino-japanese
war and if you're not yet a subscriber
please consider clicking the button now
you'll get to see all our latest videos
right in your feed thanks for watching
test-tube news
