Japan's struggling economy is a
decades-old problem due to an aging
population and education gaps in the
workforce as of 2015
Japan has faced its second recession in
two years as a method of bolstering the
economy Prime Minister Shinzo Abe a has
proposed increasing the role of women in
its male dominated and shrinking
workforce but women have long dealt with
a traditionalist society where they are
expected to grow a family instead of
entering the workforce in that light
what is life really like for women in
Japan
well Japan's economy is built on its
salaryman culture where workers are
expected to put in 80 hours a week in
white-collar jobs meanwhile career
aspiring women often end up with very
little upward mobility in Japan women
hold less than 10% of leadership roles
in small businesses in 2014 the
government offered a financial incentive
to companies that placed women in more
senior positions much of the money was
returned unused in 2014 only about 66
percent of Japanese women were in the
workforce six percent more than 2010 but
it's a numbers still far below the 80
percent of Japanese men who are employed
and nearly 60 percent of those working
women aren't even in full-time positions
while 80 percent of working men are
full-time life outside the workplace
isn't much easier for women as much of
their time is spent raising children and
caretaking dictated by a society that
sees household obligations as a woman's
domain a 2014 survey released by the
OECD found that Japanese men do the
least amount of unpaid work or chores
around the house compared to most
developed countries in Japanese society
it's not about how feasible a work-life
balance is but rather the social
appropriateness of raising children
while maintaining a full-time job one of
the biggest reasons that women feel
forced to stay home is an extreme lack
of childcare resources so much so
there's even a Japanese word for it
although this problem is decades-old in
Japan statistics from 2015 show that
roughly 23,000 Japanese children are on
waiting list for daycare many argue that
gender equality will not change until
more women are in positions of power but
Japan has a long way to go as only 3.5
percent of senior government jobs are
currently held by women
according to the inter-parliamentary
Union with only 10% of Japanese
Parliament the number of female
lawmakers even falls below that both of
Saudi Arabia and South Sudan one labor
economist noted that the Prime
Minister's plan was the first time a
Japanese leader presented the idea of
working women being beneficial to
economic growth obeys so-called
Womenomics movement includes a pledge to
open more slots and daycare facilities
by 2018 and already requires firms to
disclose the percentage of female
employees and their plans to support
them
Goldman Sachs estimates that closing the
gender employment gap would lift the
country's GDP by nearly 13 percent
adding around 7.1 million employees to
the workforce but Japan's female
employment rate is still below the
average of working women in many other
developed countries Japan a country of
strong traditional gender roles true
equality for women in the workplace in
politics and in society remains to be
seen if you're a fan of history science
and exploration you should definitely
check out discovery go where you can
watch all your favorite Discovery
Channel shows in one place click the
link in the description below to learn
more gender equality and the economy
aren't the only problems Japan is facing
the country's population is expected to
cut in half over the next six decades so
what is driving the sharp decline find
out in this video the problem has gotten
so dire the Japanese government
allocated nearly 30 million dollars to
lifting birth rates this is in addition
to a number of work-life balance
policies that foster shorter hours
telecommuting and parental leave thanks
for watching seeker daily make sure to
LIKE and subscribe for new videos every
day
