the latest to join the race for the 2016
presidential 'ti TV host and business
mogul Donald Trump after talking about
running multiple times since 1987 Trump
has officially joined his esteem for
public and rivals but besides his
unconventional hairstyle and demanding
to see Obama's birth certificate in 2011
what do we really know about the 69 year
old New Yorker who exactly is Donald
Trump well Trump is first and foremost a
controversially successful business
magnate and investor his start came as a
result of his father Fred Trump but
already amassed a real estate fortune
before his death
Donald Trump has controlled his father's
company since the 1970s he's primarily
invested in Hotel and Casino real estate
and filed for business bankruptcy four
times he's also very well known for
naming business holdings after himself
including buildings video games buffets
magazines clothing lines and many others
Trump also owns a large number of golf
courses and beauty pageants he has
stated that his net worth is around 9
billion making him the wealthiest
candidate in the running although Forbes
says it's closer to 4 billion his net
worth has been disputed in the past the
2005 Deutsche Bank assessment picked his
worth at only 800 million at the time
although Trump has never held public
office he has been very outspoken
concerning his political views his
primary platform focuses on increasing
US jobs and building a wall along the
Mexican border which Mexico would pay
for in 1999 in order to wipe out the
national debt he proposed enacting a
one-time 14% tax on Americans worth over
10 million dollars on social issues he's
fairly right-leaning
after years of being pro-choice in 2011
he switched to being pro-life
additionally he is against same-sex
marriage although he supported universal
health care in 2000 he vehemently
opposes Obamacare calling it a trillion
ton weight on the economy despite
claiming to have never indulged in any
drugs or alcohol
he supports full drug legalization as a
method of increasing tax revenue for
education his foreign policy worldview
is largely oil based and believes we are
drilling too slowly for what he calls
America's lifeblood
he's also extremely critical of China's
influence in the United States it was
called for a 25% tax on imports in order
to maintain US jobs however many of his
self named products are made in China it
should be clear that as a businessman
and a showman Trump's politics tend to
be financially influenced rather than
ideological although Trump has withdrawn
from his reality TV show in order to
legally be a candidate there's no
question that he will continue
entertaining viewers with his fiery
rhetoric over the coming months money
and politics go hand in hand in the
United States but billionaires on both
sides of the aisle actually share some
common interests to learn more about
what they're really pushing for check
out our full video here it's important
to figure out what the actual difference
is between a Republican billionaire and
a Democrat billionaire I mean they're
already billionaires what do they want
that money can't buy thanks for watching
and please consider subscribing now to
show your support for test-tube news
