this year the month-long celebration of
Ramadan is expected to begin on June
17th with more than 1.5 billion Muslims
gearing up to celebrate the holiday we
wanted to explore its origins and
significance so what is Ramadan
well Ramadan is a holiday practiced by
all Muslims they fast from sunup to
sundown to show their devotion to God or
Allah Ramadan comes on the 9th month in
the lunar based Islamic calendar and is
considered the most holy month of all
according to Islam Ramadan is believed
to be the month in which the angel
Gabriel revealed the Word of God to the
Prophet Muhammad this later became the
Quran it included instructions to honor
the month of Ramadhan itself the Quran
says the month of Ramadhan is a guidance
for the people and clear proofs of
guidance and criterion so when the moon
is first sighted on the 9th month all
Muslims who are healthy and past puberty
are required to faster in daylight the
fast includes apps tenacious oude water
sex violence smoking and other sinful
behavior fasting can be physically and
psychologically challenging but it's
supposed to help Muslims grow
spiritually and show their devotion to
God in some areas especially northern
nation these fast can last as long as 19
hours fasting is an important part of
Islam itself it's one of the religions 5
central pillars in some places like
Turkey or the United States life during
Ramadan reportedly doesn't change much
however business may slow down during
the day in really hot countries because
most are abstaining from water during
Ramadan restaurants may also stay open
later to serve people who can only eat
meals during the evening and nighttime
the last 10 days of Ramadan are the most
important and many choose to pray in
seclusion during this time one of these
days is believed to be the actual day
that Muhammad was first given the Word
of God and it's called the night of
power however the exact date is disputed
when Ramadan is over there's a three-day
feast this is also a popular time to
visit graves of loved ones and pay
homage even in the United States where
only 1% of the population is Muslim a
White House dinner has commemorated the
end of Ramadan every year since the 90s
Islam is the second most popular
religion globally and Ramadan maintains
a high profile among the world
numerous holidays hey everyone we need
your support getting nominated for a
Streamy award all you've got to do is
head on over to the link at the top of
the description and submit test-tube
news for the news and culture category
you can vote as much as you want we
really appreciate all your support
thanks so much for watching test-tube
news
