in the run-up to the 2016 presidential
election we're seeing a lot of familiar
faces one unforgettable 2012 candidate
is ex governor of Texas Rick Perry only
this time he's got glasses so what's new
with the second time candidate who is
Rick Perry well surprisingly Perry
started his political career as a
Democrat he even worked on Al Gore's
presidential campaign but in 1989 he
switched parties and eventually went on
to become Texas's lieutenant governor in
2000 when George W Bush became president
Rick Perry took over his old position
and went on to be the longest serving
governor in Texas history in 2012 Perry
ran for the presidency and he pulled
well at the start of his campaign
however a number of memorable debate
gaffes including one where he could not
recall a central point of his campaign
led to him dropping out early since then
Perry has been indicted by a grand jury
for abusing his position as Texas
governor the felony indictment alleged
that he had threatened to veto 7.5
million dollars in District Attorney
funding this was done in order to coerce
the DA into resigning after her drunk
driving arrest so what does Perry
believe in well although he has
repeatedly championed Texas's job growth
as a fiscal conservative he has also
voted in multiple tax hikes and more
than doubled the States debt he has also
been criticized for only allocating
business grants to companies who had
donated to his campaigns or the
Republican Governors Association he is
against all abortions even in cases of
rape or incest like many Republicans he
has vehemently opposed to Obamacare
although during his governorship Texas
became the state with the highest
proportion of uninsured residents
including children and those in poverty
in 2007 Perry passed an executive order
forcing all girls to receive the HPV
vaccine but he faced scrutiny when it
was discovered that the vaccines
manufacturer was a major donor to
Perry's camp
he has supported anti sodomy laws
criminalizing homosexuality he even
compared it to alcoholism suggesting
that gay people should simply abstain
from having sex he is also well known
for his hardline stances on the death
penalty and gun rights in 2002 he vetoed
a bill that would have banned the
execution of mentally ill prisoners
Harry also ended Texas's policy to
automatically arrest for marijuana
possession but has opposed bringing
medical marijuana to the state Texas
under Rick Perry's governorship has been
called a model for conservatism in the
country and the state's job growth will
certainly play in his favor however
considering the unfavorable way his last
campaign ended the country's shifting
social politics and his recent
indictment Harry will certainly have a
tough time convincing voters that he's
the right choice this time around have
you ever wondered how powerful the state
of Texas would be on its own so have
wait check out our video right here to
learn all about what we learned well
Texas is the largest state in the
contiguous US with nearly 27 million
residents that means that about one in
12 Americans lives in the Lone Star
State thanks for watching test-tube and
don't forget to subscribe
you
