in June seven of the world's most
influential government leaders met in
Germany for the 2015 g7 summit the group
discussed major geopolitical issues
including terrorism and sanctions
against Russia so how powerful is the g7
first its origins
the group of seven started out as the
group of six back in 1975 but it's not
considered a formal institution and has
no formal charter in the beginning the
g6 included the US UK France Germany
Italy and Japan which were some of the
wealthiest countries at the time they
called their first meeting to discuss
the looming global oil crisis but its
membership and discussions have
fluctuated over time Canada was added in
1976 the European Commission has been
continuously present since 1981 and
Russia was added in 1998 then suspended
for invading Ukraine in 2014 so
membership can be lost or gained nothing
guarantees it what has remained
consistent is the groups influenced g7
members collectively represent nearly
half of the world's total GDP this
powerhouse meets for two days every year
in a series of private meetings and
public media briefings most recently the
g7 was criticized after its think ahead
act together 2015 summit for ending with
mere commitments to progress rather than
any tangible solutions although to be
fair the g7 leaders are not required to
make concrete plans still they agree to
extend sanctions against Russia
phase out fossil fuels by the end of the
century and end extreme poverty and
terrorism however critics note that the
success of these commitments hinge on
whether the g7 leaders can implement
them on a global scale the other major
point of criticism of the g7 is its
seeming reluctance to include other
major countries in the talks
particularly China and Russia this has
caused many to question their overall
effectiveness or relevance because
member countries represent only 10.5
percent of the world's population some
view g7 politicians as an elite minority
governing and underrepresented majority
nations like India and Brazil have even
surpassed them g7 members in terms of
GDP yet still have not been able to
and the opposition has become quite
vocal including Brazil's former
president who in 2008 remarked that the
g8 doesn't have any more reason to exist
so how powerful is the g7 well despite
their superpower roster their
effectiveness as an organization remains
unclear their use of vague commitments
and the lack of representation makes it
questionable whether the organization
can affect any real change but they have
been able to support democracy
throughout the world through financial
aid and the use of sanctions one could
argue that the g7 s true power lies in
the superpowers potential for effecting
significant global progress should they
choose to exercise it the UN may be a
huge organization with just about every
country on the planet as a member but
are they really that powerful check out
our video here to learn all about it the
UN is a coalition of 193 nations if all
of those nations were to work together
militarily they would collectively wield
incredible power oh and we're almost at
five two thousand six cry burrs so
please help us out and subscribe right
now thanks for watching guys
