if you've watched our videos on the
humanitarian crisis in Myanmar you'll
know that Buddhist violence against the
row hinge of Muslim minority is a
serious problem
Buddhist violence contradicts most
people's perceptions of the religion as
built on non-violence and pacifism but
with these and other instances of
Buddhist aggression we wanted to know
can Buddhism be violent one of Buddhas
five precepts teaches not to kill or
hurt another living being and
historically Buddhists have refused to
take part in violent conflicts despite
this in countries like Japan Tibet and
Myanmar followers of Buddhism have
engaged in sectarian violence and
oppression in Japan in the mid-1990s a
doomsday offshoot of Buddhism called
omission Rico was responsible for a
deadly chemical weapons attack on the
general public members of the cult
released nerve gas into crowded commuter
trains killing a dozen and injuring
hundreds in feudal Japan there were also
warrior Buddhist monks called the Sohae
whose teachings included the mercy of
Buddha should be recompense even by
pounding flesh to pieces during Tibet's
2008 political unrest against Chinese
rule local reports to allege that 800
Buddhist monks rioted in the streets for
independence killing several civilians
the Chinese government claimed that the
Tibetan Buddhist spiritual leader the
Dalai Lama inside of the violence and
that thousands of pounds of explosives
were hidden in Buddhist temples
however the validity of these claims has
been disputed the ongoing crisis in
Myanmar can be attributed to a
long-standing history of minority
repression but most recently in 2013 a
buddhist monk who's been called the
Burmese bin Laden became the well-known
spokesperson for the anti Muslim 969
movement the group takes its name from
the numbered virtues of the Buddha while
supporters claim the movement preaches
peace the 969 movement has widely been
labeled Islamophobic in recent years
waves of violence against minorities
have been led by supporters of the 969
the UN estimates that 100,000 people
most of whom are Mahindra Muslims remain
displaced near the me and Marco
most Buddhists throughout the world
abhor violence the Dalai Lama has said
that he hopes the radical Buddhist monks
in Myanmar will quote think of the face
of Buddha who had been a protector of
Muslims some have blamed the spike in
violence on a minority outcropping
within the Buddhist population but the
rise in extremism just goes to show that
sectarian racial and political
differences have the power to trump even
one of the world's most peaceful
religions if you'd like to learn more
about the ROE hinge of people who have
been called the most persecuted people
in the world take a look at our full
video explainer here and I hope you'll
check out the latest video of my new
show rituals where we meet a woman who
has conquered the seven deadliest swims
in the world thanks for watching
