with more politicians announcing their
run for the presidency the political
stage is beginning to look a little
crowded one of those candidates is the
former governor of New York George
Pataki but outside of the Big Apple most
people have never heard of this mayor
turned assemblyman turned senator turned
governor so who is George Pataki well
the 69 year old candidate has been
suspected as a presidential hopeful for
the last two elections but has not
decided to run until now from 1981 to
1994 he was elected mayor of his New
York hometown then into the State
Assembly then the state Senate and
finally as the governor of New York if
he were to win the presidency he would
be joining the ranks of Martin Van Buren
Grover Cleveland and both Roosevelt's
who were all governors of New York
before they were presidents Pataki also
attended Yale with our 43rd president
george w bush where they became friends
as governor Pataki 'he's primary push
was for lower taxes which he compensated
for by cutting education and health care
services his financial decisions helped
to upgrade New York's credit rating
three times during his administration
however he was criticized by the Cato
Institute for failing to be as fiscally
conservative as he had promised in his
campaign Pataki also supported the
building of Native American casinos as a
way of bringing in revenue socially
Pataki is relatively progressive
in the Senate he supported a gay rights
bill while opposing same-sex marriage
early in his career he repeatedly voted
against funding abortions but in the
mid-90s he began calling himself
pro-choice and shifted his view to
support abortion rights Pataki also
voted to fund all aspects of the war on
drugs and has rejected the idea of
legalizing any illicit narcotics he also
introduced a smoking ban in New York in
2003 and passed a number of healthcare
policies to cover low income adults and
children Pataki is also an
environmentalist having voted in clean
air and water legislation and allocating
funds for nature conservation
although Pataki's views are uniquely
progressive they've also managed to
alienate him from both major political
parties additionally his lack of name
recognition coupled with his age as many
suggesting that his chances of winning
are slim to none
still having a progressive Republican in
the mix could sway centrist candidate
voters to supporting Pataki over other
more fringe candidates learn about
another progressive candidate check out
our video on Democratic Socialist Bernie
Sanders despite being the longest
standing independent in Congress many
people had never heard of this far left
candidate so we wanted to know who is
Bernie Sanders well despite his 16-year
tenure as Vermont's only House
Representative followed by his eight
years as US senator Sanders is still
considered somewhat of an outcast in
Washington and don't forget to subscribe
for new videos every day
thanks for watching
