with the Clinton legacy back in the race
for president it seems only fitting that
the US as other dynastic political
family the bushes are given a chance to
take back the title as such Jeb Bush is
the latest candidate to enter the ring
and despite being the brother of a
president with one of the lowest
approval rates in history Jeb Bush is
still a strong Republican candidate so
who exactly is Jeb Bush well Jeb or John
Ellis Bush Bush first entered the
public's attention when both he and his
brother George W became state governors
Jeb of Florida George of Texas during
this time as Governor Jeb stressed
improving education standards although
some of these policies have been
criticized for being ineffective he also
eliminated affirmative action in Florida
State jobs and colleges while removing
job protections on civil service
positions as a fiscal conservative Jeb
lowered taxes and cut government jobs
while increasing state reserves
this led Florida to achieve its
first-ever triple-a bond rating he's
also very pro-gun jeb introduced the
country's first stand-your-ground lock
this removed a person's duty to retreat
in response to a serious threat and
allowed for the use of deadly force
during his term 21 death row inmates
were executed more than under any
previous Governor Jeb is also squarely
against LGBT rights in recent comments
he has supported using religious freedom
to refuse service to gay customers and
in 1994 he said that sodomy should not
be elevated to the same constitutional
status as race and religion he has since
distanced himself from those remarks jeb
opposes abortion and has pushed for a
law requiring teens to notify their
parents before undergoing the procedure
perhaps most famously Jeb Bush became
embroiled in the case of Terry Schiavo a
severely brain-damaged woman in a
persistent vegetative state the national
debate centered on whether to remove her
feeding tube and allow her to die after
her husband and legal guardian decided
to authorize its removal Jeb Bush called
an emergency session of the Florida
Legislature specifically to pass a bill
ordering Schiavo's feeding tube to be
reinstated
this move was called a gross over
setting of the executive and legislative
branches and extremely unconstitutional
Jeb has already gotten into some hot
water for stating that his top foreign
policy advisor is his brother George W
and that even with the information known
today he would still have launched the
massively unpopular Iraq war pundits
have criticized Jeb's attempts at
following in his brother's footsteps
despite the widespread failure of many
of the ex-presidents policies but
considering that George W ended up
serving two terms perhaps piggybacking
off the success may actually work for
Jeb so America might just have another
Bush in the White House for a couple of
years but it might instead have another
Clinton to learn more about one of the
biggest contenders in the Democratic
Party check out our video here despite
competition between the two during the
campaign President Obama appointed
Clinton as his Secretary of State for
his first term she continued to champion
women's rights and gay rights as global
issues thanks for watching test-tube and
let us know what you'd like us to cover
next
