as far as secret organizations go the
most well-known is probably the
Illuminati they're rumored membership
includes nearly every public figure in
the world including Beyonce Paris Hilton
Barack Obama Bob Barker Adolf Hitler and
many many more this supposedly powerful
cabal has been implicated in the Kennedy
assassination 9/11 the death of Whitney
Houston and the ice bucket challenge and
has been said to be pulling the strings
that make the world go round so what do
we know about the Illuminati back in
1776 a secular college professor in
Bavaria Germany was feeling ostracized
by his Jesuit colleagues and decided to
start a society to spread enlightenment
era ideas this was an attempt to shift
the pro monarchy Catholic supremacy
movement into a rational scientific and
somewhat more secular movement since
knowledge of this group would had
serious consequences for the professor
he gave himself and other members
nicknames and shrouded the group in
secret rituals and symbols the order of
the Illuminati specifically excluded
Jews pagans women and members of other
religions or cults after some time the
Illuminati looking to expand their
membership base joined forces with the
long-standing Freemasons group the
Freemasons were an intricate fraternal
organization of laborers seemingly
mysterious for their religious like use
of symbols and ceremonies as well after
securing their own Freemason Lodge the
higher order Illuminati members
attempted to recruit from the higher
order Freemasons however as a newer sect
with different allegiances they
commanded less respect than existing
groups still despite significant in
fighting over the origins of various
rituals political and social focus and
other petty differences the Illuminati
managed to recruit between 650 and 2,500
members in Bavaria at their height
around 1784 around this time an obscure
Christian cult known as Rosicrucianism
infiltrated the Illuminati they were
very religious and opposed to an idea of
an enlightened philosophical scientific
rational movement after infighting and
further attacks by outside groups as
well as too high a membership to keep
the order secret knowledge of the group
got out many members were exposed and a
number actually held fairly high
positions of
power after being accused of publishing
anti religious literature the Bavarian
government banned all secret societies
and seized and published a large number
of important documents from the
Illuminati's founders this effectively
ended the existence of the group and
their original founder fled Germany in
the few years after the end of the
Bavarian Illuminati a number of books
were written purporting that not only
did the Illuminati still exist in secret
but that they were conspiratorial
irresponsible for many international
events including the French Revolution
these books gained significant
popularity and the ideas therein have
survived into modern times in recent
years the idea of a resurgent or
surviving Illuminati order that is in
control of world events through
underlying iconography and ritualism has
been a popular conspiracy theory however
there is literally no evidence of the
existence of this group nor any
connection between current groups and
the Bavarian Illuminati still isn't that
exactly what they'd want you to think
another secretive society that has a
considerable amount of power is the
so-called Church of Scientology are they
a religion or a cult watch our video
here well the answer is not exactly
straightforward despite its numerous
followers which include high-profile
celebrities Scientology has only
recently been recognized as a formal
religion by certain countries elsewhere
it's another story in the u.s.
Scientology's officially acknowledged as
a tax-exempt religious organization in
1993 and thank you for watching
test-tube don't forget to subscribe
