the Korean Peninsula might be one of the
most incongruous areas in the world at
one end lies the impoverished censored
terrifying Hermit Kingdom of North Korea
on the other end is the wealthy hyper
successful westernized nation of South
Korea of course by comparison South
Korea obviously comes out on top but we
wanted to see how South Korea ranks with
the rest of the world so how powerful is
South Korea well South Korea also known
as the Republic of Korea is about thirty
eight and a half thousand square miles
which is actually surprisingly small
they're a little smaller than the US
state of Pennsylvania and ranked about a
hundred and ninth in the world for area
within this relatively small area live
about forty nine million people putting
them 17th in the world for population
density so what does this tightly
compact massive people do well in a word
they excel South Korea is the most
developed East Asian country and one of
the most highly developed in the world
and the Human Development Index South
Korea beats out Japan as a result of
their ultra high standard of living
level of income education standards and
quality of health care in the 1960s
their GDP was roughly the same as that
of many poor African countries today
they are the 14th largest economy in the
world with a GDP of 1.3 trillion dollars
they manage this through unparalleled
growth during the second half of the
20th century in a period called The
Miracle on the Han River since then
they've invested in high-tech key bowls
or conglomerate companies to further
strengthen their economy one of the
largest cell phone manufacturers on
earth Samsung is located in South Korea
along with shipping giant Hyundai and
electronics producer LG the demand for
South Korea's yield has made them the
sixth-largest exporter overall and it's
also because of this focus on tech that
South Korea boasts the world's fastest
internet speeds however all this rapid
industrialisation also means that South
Korea is one of the worst carbon
emissions polluters so with high marks
in nearly every other regard how does
South Korea fare militarily even higher
South Korea has the seventh most
powerful military in the world and is
the smallest country within the top ten
list
South Korea uses its manufacturing and
technology prowess to produce highly
advanced weaponry to complement their
existing US and EU made tech
additionally the Republic of Korea has a
strong military partnership with the
u.s. is even stronger military in what
is known as the rock us alliance one of
Korea's biggest reasons for having such
a powerful military is their neighbor to
the north North Korea has a
long-standing habit of attempting to
provoke South Korea and the two still
maintain a heavily militarized border
known as the DMZ so where does that
leave the question at hand well
considering that Korea dominates most of
the world in terms of standard of living
economy military education health care
and technology there is no question that
the Republic of Korea is surprisingly
and undeniably super powerful well South
and North Korea ever reunite we've got a
video on that subject right here there
is a chance that North Korea may not
actually want to unify in fact they may
still see South Korea as an enemy they
allegedly sank a South Korean navy
vessel and have fired artillery at South
Korea on more than one occasion thanks
as always for watching make sure you're
subscribed so that you don't miss our
next video
