on April 25th 2015 a deadly earthquake
struck Nepal
one of the many government organizations
to respond was Nepal's own Gurkha army
they have been internationally
recognized as one of the most resilient
and fierce militaries in the world so
who are the Gurkhas the history of the
Gurkhas goes back to the 19th century
before the creation of the Nepalese
State the kingdom of Gorka as it was
then known had a powerful military
called the Gorkhali after witnessing
them in action during the Anglo Napoli's
war of 1816 the British in India decided
to recruit mercenary soldiers from their
ranks by the thousands they became the
backbone of British forces throughout
their Asian empire for whatever reason
the British called them Gurkhas not
Gorkhali the Gurkhas are mostly made up
of four main ethnic groups the Guru NAND
Mars come from central Nepal and the
rice and Lim booze are from the east
they primarily live in rural villages
joining the Army is usually a family
tradition in Nepal and is one of the
most stable forms of income for young
Nepalese men but the qualification test
for the Gurkhas is far from easy
one challenge asked recruits to run 3
miles uphill in 48 minutes while
carrying a 55 pound weight the British
Gurkha Brigade stands around 3,000
strong while the overall Nepalese army
counts around a hundred thousand active
personnel India also recruits about
3,000 Gurkhas per year for their army
being selected as a Gurkha soldier is a
huge source of national pride Gurkhas
are internationally famous for their
endurance and adeptness
in battle and they have their own
distinctive battle sword called the
kukri during Prince Harry's military
service for the United Kingdom he was
sent to work with a Gurkha battalion and
afterwards according to reports he was
made an honorary Gurkha soldier because
of his popularity among the troops today
Gurkha soldiers are hired for operations
in the Balkans East Timor Sierra Leone
Afghanistan and Iraq an Indian Field
Marshal once proclaimed that if a man
says he is not afraid of dying he's
either lying or is a Gurkha with so much
proud military history surrounding the
infantry it's easy to see why the
British military has revered the Gurkhas
for over
200 years the earthquake that struck
Nepal has brought a large number of
issues to light about the problems
within the country's government to learn
about the desperate struggle for
democracy in the small nation make sure
you watch this video next so what's been
going on in Nepal Nepal's entire history
has been tumultuous to say the least for
the past few centuries multiple attempts
at democracy have failed and depleted
Nepal's ability to develop as a country
despite a historically resilient
population thanks for watching test-tube
let us know what you would like us to
cover down in the comments
