in May of 2015 hundreds of Rohan geo
Muslim refugees were stopped from
entering Indonesia by boat while
thousands more were trapped at sea
without a country willing to accept them
throw hinges have been called the
world's most unwanted people and the
most persecuted minority in particular
the Buddhist Myanmar majority has been
accused of human rights violations mass
disenfranchisement and displacement of
the Roma people so why are Myanmar
Buddhists persecuting the minority row
hinge of Muslims while tensions largely
began during world war 2 through hinge
of people in Burma which is now known as
Myanmar were loyal to their previous
British occupiers as a result they were
slaughtered tortured and raped by the
invading Japanese and local forces more
than 20,000 fled into India when the
British Sri conquered Burma after world
war ii they gave the loyal row hinges a
somewhat autonomous region in what is
now called the reclined state however a
few years later Burma gained
independence from Britain and dissolve
the region back into Burma now Myanmar
further tensions arose in the early 70s
when Pakistan's genocide against
Bangladesh forced 10 million Bengalis
out of the country with many seeking
refuge in Myanmar in response Myanmar's
military dictatorship expelled nearly a
quarter-million Muslims then under
international scrutiny they agreed to
repatriate many of the expelled from
hinges however in 1982 both the Myanmar
and Bangladeshi government's passed laws
that define the row hinge of people as
non-citizens in either country Myanmar
also prevents the group from traveling
attending state schools owning property
having more than two children per family
and ever potentially receiving
citizenship even if born within the
country in 2012 sectarian violence
between Buddhists locals row hinge and
Muslims led to the displacement of more
than 140,000 Muslims into refugee camps
along the border the UN's emergency
relief coordinator has called these
camps some of the worst in the world and
most of their residents are still
displaced today in February of 2015 the
row hinge of people had their right to
vote taken away as well the following
month the Myanmar government banned the
use of the word bohinj to refer to the
group saying they were Bengalis and
should be identified as such even those
who do escape persecution in Myanmar
faced problems abroad Thailand has been
accused of putting the
Fuji's on boats towing them out to sea
and leaving them there to drift to
another country despite attempts by
international organisations to help
their o hinge of people the animosity by
opposition groups has made it incredibly
difficult to find a place for the
massively persecuted population it is
only through continued pressure in
Myanmar and attention that they might
find a glimmer of hope in the future the
question of whether Islam is a dangerous
religion has sparked a lot of debate in
recent months to take a look at our
video on the subject click here now he
argues that the Quran does say some very
outdated and potentially dangerous
things about how people should be
treated teachings that are proven to
have a harmful effect when interpreted
by Isis or al-qaeda or Islamic groups
that Maher would argue share a lot of
the same beliefs as everyday regular
Muslims thanks for joining us on
test-tube we've got some cool stuff
coming up so be sure to subscribe
