the United States has one of the highest
teenage birth rates amongst other
industrialized nations and some have
blamed the US is more conservative
methods of sexual education so we wanted
to know why is the u.s. so far behind
well according to the most recent World
Bank data which measures teen births
from girls aged 15 to 19 Europe has most
of the world's lowest teen birth rates
front-runner countries like Italy
Germany and Switzerland reported rates
below 14 births per thousand people
Sweden France the Netherlands Denmark
and Belgium also had low rates just five
or six teen births per thousand people
overall European countries tend to have
less than 20 teen births per thousand
why well Europe's low teen birth rate
has been partially attributed to
progressive sexual education one
researcher found that in the Netherlands
parents and teachers focus less on the
dangers of sex and more on the normal
positive aspects Dutch teenagers are
therefore less likely to be secretive
and misinformed about their first sexual
experiences other northern European
countries in particular hold that young
people are still rights holders and are
entitled to correct and comprehensive
sex education the u.s. by contrast has
one of the highest teenage birth rates
of all developed nations around 30 teen
births per thousand many believe that
this high rate has to do with their more
repressive views toward teen sex in
southern states especially they teach
abstinence-only sexual education which
leaves out key details about pregnancy
and diseases United Nation reports have
noted that this kind of education can
backfire and contribute to more risky
sexual behavior the u.s. also has a
generally more negative attitude toward
sex highlighting the dangers and the
risks associated with it instead of the
benefits of a healthy intimate
relationship so does sex IDI make a
difference well there certainly seems to
be a positive correlation between
comprehensive sex ed and low teen birth
rates however not all countries follow
this pattern and many scholars still
disagree on the best methods to decrease
teen births some United Nations
officials maintained that although the
rates
of teen sex are unlikely to change the
safety of teen sex can be significantly
improved with sexual education when it
comes to sex education Germany is miles
ahead of the United States to learn just
how successful their program is check
out this story from seeker a couple of
years ago a school in Berlin got into
some hot water for using an illustrated
book called where do you come from to
teach five-year-olds about sex the book
depicted a man and a woman doing things
like putting on a condom and initiating
intercourse there's a link for that
video in the description if you're on
your phone and thanks for watching
test-tube
