on April 29th 2015 Democratic Socialist
junior senator from Vermont Bernie
Sanders announced that he was running
for president despite being the longest
standing independent in Congress many
people had never heard of this far left
candidate so we wanted to know who is
Bernie Sanders well despite his 16-year
tenure as Vermont's only House
Representative followed by his eight
years as US senator Sanders is still
considered somewhat of an outcast in
Washington his long-standing voting
record has regularly been at odds with
the dominating political climate he has
voted against the 2002 Iraq war
resolution the Patriot Act the Bush era
tax cuts for the wealthy and the 1996
defensive Marriage Act in turn he
sponsored the global warming and
pollution reduction act pushed for an
audit of the Federal Reserve and has
repeatedly supported medical marijuana
legislation the 73 year-old candidate is
also a self-admitted
socialist and has pointed to the
high-quality Scandinavian social system
as an example of effective policy as a
candidate Sanders has outlined a number
of initiatives he would tackle among
them are efforts to break up the
too-big-to-fail banks raising minimum
wage expanding union power and promoting
a single-payer health care system
however Sanders has been criticized on
his voting record against the
implementation of the child abduction
AMBER alert system as well as his views
on gun rights and despite his
progressive track record and policy
ideas Sanders will be competing with
political heavyweight Hillary Clinton
for the Democratic nomination many
political analysts including those who
support have suggested that he is
unlikely to win the primary still some
say that by officially entering the
presidential arena his progressive
stance could force Clinton to revise
some of her more moderate positions to
the left this is particularly relevant
as a look at their top donors would
suggest that Clinton and Sanders have
distinctly separate priorities Clinton's
top donors are primarily banks like
Citigroup and JP Morgan Chase along with
media conglomerates Time Warner and
cable
on Sanders side nearly all of his top
donors are comprised of auto teaching
and labor unions
additionally 61% of Sanders donations
are made up of individual contributions
of less than $200 compared to Hillary's
28% during her 2008 run for candidacy so
who is Bernie Sanders well clearly he's
a man of the people but his socialist
Democratic policies may turn many
traditional voters off so for now it's
Bernie Sanders versus Hillary Clinton
want to learn more about his opponent
check out our video overview of her
right here in 2012 Hillary resigned as
Secretary of State as she had been
planning to do since 2010 for the first
time since 1979 she became a private
citizen will have more profiles of
candidates as they announce so make sure
you subscribe now and don't miss a
single video thanks
