at test tube daily we try to bring you
the most compelling stories but there
are always a few that don't quite make
the cut so here's a weekly roundup of
our favorites that you may have missed
japan's population has fallen to a
15-year low those over 65 now outnumber
those under 14 at 221 by 2060 the
population is forecasted to drop by over
40 million the drop has been blamed on
low birth rates and longer life
expectancy the Justice Department and
the FBI have admitted that for decades
their forensic units gave flawed
testimony in nearly all hair matching
cases leading to at least 32 death
sentences in ninety-five percent of
reviewed cases forensics misrepresented
results to favour prosecutors around the
world marijuana enthusiasts took part in
420 an unofficial holiday celebrating
the popular drug in the United States
marijuana is the most commonly used
illicit substance nearly half of
Americans have admitted to trying it a
93 year old former SS guard at the
Auschwitz death camp is put on trial
he's charged with the deaths of 300,000
Hungarian Jews if found guilty he could
be sentenced for up to 15 years US
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
introduced a bill to extend the Patriot
Act until December 2020 without the
extension the Patriot Act's
authorization of roving NSA surveillance
is set to expire in jun 2015 are there
any other stories we missed let us know
in the comments and as always don't
forget to subscribe thanks for watching
test-tube
