in March 2015 violent attacks against
foreigners erupted throughout South
Africa killing at least seven people and
setting off panic amongst the country's
two million immigrants following the
xenophobic attacks many nations have
called on their citizens to leave South
Africa for their own safety violence
against immigrants has seen a sharp rise
in the years since apartheid in South
Africa so we wanted to know why our
South Africans killing foreigners well
for decades South Africa has been a
hotbed of xenophobia in May of 2008
alone anti-foreigner riots left more
than 60 dead according to a study by the
Southern African migration project South
Africa is the most xenophobic country in
the South African Development Community
the study points to the 1994 post
apartheid movement by the ruling African
National Congress as a big reason for
the animosity a number of national
programs designed to bring the community
together had the unintended side effect
of excluding outsiders and read a sense
of long-standing social resentment among
citizens toward immigrants this is
evidenced by the fact that South African
xenophobia comes from every strata of
society rich and poor employed and
unemployed black and white and so on the
most recent attacks have been blamed on
the comments of the Zulu King goodwill
zua tini who announced that foreigners
should pack their bags and go this
condemnation set off violence shortly
thereafter in the port city of Durban
however the UN has pointed to a labor
dispute between locals and foreigners
back in March as the primary catalyst
for the most recent wave of attacks one
of the biggest complaints from South
Africans is that immigrants are quote
stealing their jobs in a country with a
25 percent unemployment rate along with
an extremely high crime rate immigrants
are an easy target for local
frustrations one study found that
amongst police officers 87 percent
believed that many of the country's
undocumented immigrants were criminals
despite no statistic supporting that
accusation despite the end of apartheid
South Africa still faces many divisive
challenges while the African National
Congress has been urging residents to
stop the violence
it seems that until unemployment crime
and social attitudes change the problem
is likely to be
ongoing xenophobia and nationalism in
the form of neo-nazism
is also on the rise in Europe to learn
more about the frightening issue in
detail check out our video here
officials in Germany have launched a
legal attempt to ban the party as
they've done successfully in the past
with two other Nazi sympathizing
political parties but they haven't found
success yet don't forget to subscribe
for more test-tube videos every single
day thanks for watching
