in March 2015 the United Nations urged
the International Criminal Court to
bring charges against Isis for their
alleged war crimes the UN says that Isis
committed genocide against the Yazidis
and other
gratuitous violence against civilians so
what exactly is a war crime and how are
they prosecuted this episode is brought
to you by aj+ the concept of war crimes
is actually somewhat new-age before
World War two war crimes were often
considered part of the whole wartime
experience and only sometimes prosecuted
on a national level after World War one
very few people were convicted of war
crimes but that changed after World War
two because of the International scope
in the extreme loss of life associated
with events like the Jewish Holocaust
major officials were held more
accountable for the atrocities the first
international military tribunals to
investigate major war crimes were held
in the late 1940s at Nuremberg and Tokyo
as a result of these main trials and
other smaller ones more than 10,000
Nazis and Nazi allies were convicted of
war crimes and over 1,000 were executed
so what specifically constitutes a war
crime well there are three major
subcategories crimes against peace
crimes against humanity and traditional
war crimes crimes against peace include
planning and waging war crimes against
humanity include murder and slave
monta√±as civilians and traditional war
crimes include mistreating prisoners of
war destroying property that's not
relevant to war like Isis destroying
historical artifacts and other
violations of wartime laws or customs
nowadays anyone even civilians may be
tried for war crimes how is a war crime
prosecuted according to Geneva
Conventions which 196 state parties have
ratified member states must seek out and
try their accused war criminals either
within a national court an international
court or a mixed tribunal and if a state
doesn't bring charges against their own
war criminals the United Nations can
mandate a trial against them from
another country they did this in the
1990s for civil wars in the former
Yugoslavia and in Rwanda in 1998 the
United Nations established a permanent
international
court or ICC which takes cases dealing
exclusively with genocide crimes against
humanity and war crimes however the
International Criminal Court and other
war crime trials have had difficulties
actually prosecuting or punishing
criminals the enforcement of any trial
convictions still remains in the hands
of the state
for instance the President of Sudan Omar
al-bashir stands accused by the ICC of
several war crimes yet is unwilling to
stand trial and the state will not
extradite him
similarly the ICC would have a hard time
prosecuting Isis of war crimes because
of the high turnover rate and secrecy
surrounding their leaders
although the ICC is an important
judicial affiliate of the United Nations
it's ultimate power to enforce court
rulings on war crimes in defiant
governments is extremely limited if
you'd like to learn more about what
power the UN actually has watch our
video here
to see what life is really like inside
of the Gaza Strip under Israeli
occupation check out the video from aj+
below and thank you for watching
test-tube don't forget to subscribe
