do you live in a mega city yeah that's a
real term it's used to describe a
metropolis with over 10 million
residents right now there are 28 mega
cities in the world with about 450
million inhabitants among them the most
densely populated areas can have an
average of more than 100,000 people per
square miles so what are some of the
largest cities in the world when we talk
about largest cities we're usually
talking about the number of inhabitants
there are many organizations that rank
cities but for this video we're relying
on 2014 data from the United Nations
cities in Asia have dominated the top 10
list for a long time now on the very top
by a long shot
is Tokyo Japan with about thirty eight
million people Tokyo has been the most
populous mega city since about 1955
and it will likely remain that way until
sometime after 2030 after Tokyo three
other Asian cities dominate the top of
the ranks deli Shanghai and Mumbai out
of all the people living in urban areas
in the world
fifty-three percent reside in Asian
cities before Tokyo grew so large New
York City in the United States was the
most populous city from the 1920s to the
1950s however today NYC barely makes the
top ten list to the south Mexico City in
Mexico and South Paulo in Brazil
comprise other non asian metropolis the
world's largest cities are sometimes
measured in terms of population density
and land size Asian cities again are at
the top of these rankings city sizes in
square miles tend to vary dramatically
but China's Shanghai and Beijing are
reportedly among the largest land wise
as is Pakistan's Karachi then cities
like Manila in the Philippines and Dhaka
in Bangladesh reportedly have some of
the highest population densities in the
world Dhaka according to a report by
demography ax has more than 15 million
people living on just 139 square miles
of land and that breaks down to about
100,000 people per square mile
for the past six decades urban cities
like these have seen unprecedented
growth in 2007 for the first time ever
the global urban population outnumbered
the global rural population and the
trends are expected to continue by 2050
the UN
about two-thirds of the world will be
living in urban cities and by that time
there could be 13 additional mega cities
prospering around the globe languages
like cities are one of the most
interesting ways to study how people
interact so what are the biggest
languages in the world take a look at
our video here overall most of the world
communicates using just a handful of
dominant vocabularies so what are the
biggest languages in the world thanks
for watching test-tube we'll see you
again tomorrow
