in April 2015 Forex Blackwater security
contractors were sentenced to prison for
what some have called an unprovoked
massacre on Iraqi civilians the non
military convoy fired sniper rifles
grenade launchers and machine guns at a
crowd of people in Baghdad Zinda source
square this prompted multiple
investigations and indictments against
the mercenary team in recent years
private security contractors have been
widely criticized for their ambiguous
role in armed conflicts around the world
so what exactly are these private
militaries private military companies or
PMC s usually contract with governments
to provide additional security training
and bodyguards in conflict zones around
the world the practice of hiring private
contractors also called mercenaries has
been around since at least 1294 BC
however since the end of the Cold War
the number of military soldiers
worldwide has shrunk dramatically the
u.s. in particular cut a third of their
armed forces while increasing their
presence in conflict zones this shift in
both supply and demand opened the doors
for highly lucrative government
contracts to fill in the gaps private
military companies have been said to
generate as much as 100 billion dollars
a year however according to both the
Geneva Convention as well as the 2001
united nations mercenary convention the
hiring of mercenaries in armed conflicts
is expressly prohibited and although 33
countries have ratified the UN
convention both the UK and the u.s.
refused to sign claiming that PMC s do
not qualify as mercenaries because they
act defensively not offensively perhaps
the most complicated aspect of PMC's is
who they are responsible to and who is
responsible for them in Iraq over
100,000 contractors worked for the
Department of Defense in 2006 at the
time the US Secretary of Defense Donald
Rumsfeld said that PMC's were exempt
from the code of military conduct
additionally a 2006 provisional order
issued by the us-based transitional
government of Iraq gave all PMC's
immunity from Iraqi law although by 2007
they were specifically included under
the US military code the question of
whether serving is a military force but
not being bound to middle
pterri conduct standards is either moral
or legal has long been debated
especially as PMC's outnumber soldiers
in certain parts of the world operating
under little oversight but with the
Blackwater massacre pointing to the
failure of private militaries at the
very least we should be cautious about
this expensive and dangerous practice
the u.s. still does have a very obvious
military presence in Iraq to learn the
difference between these private
contractors and our highly trained
military advisers there take a look at
this helpful explainer by definition a
military adviser is a soldier sent to a
foreign nation to help that nation's
military they are not an invading force
they assist with things like training
organization and strength assessment we
sure hope by now you're subscribed to
test-tube you won't want to miss any of
our upcoming videos so please subscribe
now and thank you for watching
