most of us love visiting new countries
but not all countries love new visitors
many nations make it extremely difficult
for Americans to visit them in fact the
US State Department has issued a list of
travel warnings for more than 40
countries so are there any places that
we simply can't visit here are some of
the most difficult countries in the
world for Americans to travel to North
Korea
there is no US Embassy in North Korea
and the US State Department strongly
recommends against all travel there but
there are a growing number of tour
agencies available to visitors unless
you're a journalist or South Korean be
sure to have a valid passport handy at
all times and follow the rules because
North Korean officials have been known
to detain tourists send them to hard
labor camps or even put them to death
tour agencies claim there are around
5,000 visitors per year who get to see a
few significant locations under intense
supervision Libya first of all if you
have an Israeli passport or have ever
been to Israel they won't even let you
in the country also they recently shut
down their US Embassy because of militia
violence according to the US State
Department Americans are specifically
targeted for kidnappings violent crime
and murder in Libya they encourage all
American citizens living there to depart
immediately Eritrea this is a smallish
country near Somalia and Ethiopia prior
approval is needed to travel outside of
the capital city and many rural areas
and border towns remain off-limits also
dual US and Eritrea citizens are
recognized only as a reit Rhian and
because there is a national draft dual
nationality visitors may be imprisoned
or forced into military service there
Eritrea does not inform the US embassy
when it has detained or imprisoned dual
nationals Saudi Arabia in 1930 the king
himself said that the country should
remain difficult to access for
foreigners you must have a visa in
advance and just like in Libya if your
passport has an Israeli stamp you can't
get in all females traveling alone must
have a male companion with them also
possession of drugs is punishable by
death so make sure that you are not
traveling with anything questionable so
it's not that you can't go anywhere but
there are countries that you probably
shouldn't visit Middle Eastern or
African country
they're the most warnings for US
citizens along with Finland Germany
Sweden and the UK the US has the most
powerful travel privileges in the world
allowing visa-free access to 174
countries to travel safely the State
Department's website provides
information about local terrorism
extreme weather conditions and disease
outbreaks it's a great resource for
those hoping to visit other nations they
also offer a smart travel enroll program
which informs the nearest US Embassy of
your visit to the region were something
to go wrong Southeast Asia is one hot
spot for worldwide travelers but the
underbelly of some industries can be
pretty dark to learn about the illegal
moon bear industry check out this story
from seeker there were headed to
Foucault which is about 45 minutes west
of Hanoi and we're gonna see the actual
bear enclosures where bears are caged
and they're being farmed for their bile
it's out in the open you can see it
we're gonna pose as tourists right
thanks for watching test-tube please
subscribe now for all our latest videos
