in the US we seem to only talk about two
political parties don't like taxes
Republican want more social programs
Democrats but the fact is there are a
ton of political philosophies and
affiliations out there one of these is
libertarianism and it has grown
increasingly popular over the past few
elections if you've never heard of it
that's fine a recent poll found that
even amongst self-described libertarians
nearly a quarter of them had no idea
what the word meant so what exactly is
libertarianism well the most well-known
version is the one that grew out of the
1960s counterculture movement in the
u.s. in short the libertarian philosophy
says that everybody should have absolute
freedom to live their lives how they see
fit as long as they respect everybody
else's right to do the same this
generally means that most libertarians
advocate for minimalist government on
the basis that it should have no say
whatsoever in the decisions a person
makes about his or her personal life
this is a pretty Republican leaning
ideal at the same time libertarian
stress social freedoms like the right to
gay marriage and abortion in a nutshell
libertarianism appeals to people because
it combines both political worlds that
may be why the Libertarian Party has
been called the third largest party by
both membership and popular vote in the
US but libertarianism is unique in its
own way it tends to support what is
called a Nightwatchman state where the
only function of a government is to
protect its citizens from being injured
or defrauded thus government should only
consist of a military a police force and
a court system additionally some
libertarians think agencies like the FDA
are intrusive because they try to
regulate what you can and cannot ingest
safety laws like seatbelt or helmet
requirements are also considered to be
violations of freedom libertarians also
tend to lean towards drug legalization
getting rid of welfare and supporting
gun rights however some tenets of
libertarianism have glaring problems in
the real world one real world example of
limited government and a free market
occurred in post-communist Russia
without government support Russia's
roads and banks collapsed inflation sky
and many old and jobless people were
left helpless libertarianism sounds like
a good idea but like a number of other
political philosophies it may be a bit
too idealistic to actually work
still if lower taxes legalize marijuana
and the freedom to do whatever you
reasonably want sounds good in theory it
might just be the one for you there's a
fine line between libertarianism and
anarchy in the world of political
philosophy to learn more about what
anarchy is all about take a look at our
video here
anarchy the heart of the punk movement
in the 70s and 80s a driving force for
civil wars and violent revolutions a
concept held in esteem by activists like
Leo Tolstoy Noam Chomsky and Mahatma
Gandhi so what is it that video can also
be found in the description below thanks
for watching test-tube please subscribe
for a latest
