well-known American food brand HJ Heinz
Co is in talks to fight Kraft Foods
Group Inc in a forty billion dollar
merger deal if approved by shareholders
and regulators the two companies
together will form the world's fifth
largest food company owning brands such
as jello Cracker Barrel and Weight
Watchers do mergers like this violate
antitrust laws against monopolies well
to begin with let's take a look at what
antitrust laws are and what they're
meant to protect the history of American
antitrust laws goes back to the
Industrial Revolution with machines
expediting labor businesses like
Rockefellers Standard Oil and Carnegie
steel company became so large that they
shut out any competition they were
called trust back then but today we call
them monopolies monopolies can force
consumers to pay higher prices and make
it impossible for other companies to
enter the market because of their size
they can hurt the economy and even skirt
government regulations something needed
to be done presidents and other
politicians around the turn of the 20th
century we're looking to help the
American economy and they recognized the
need to regulate monopolies the Sherman
Act of 1890 was the first law that made
monopolies illegal in 1914 the Federal
Trade Commission Act which created the
FTC and the Clayton Act were passed to
further protect consumers and smaller
companies regulatory policies were
installed to outlaw price gouging and
mergers which would hurt competition
today all three of these laws form the
foundation of American antitrust laws so
back to the Heinz Kraft merger both of
these companies are already major
players in the food industry
so what and their integration be bad for
competition well according to analysts
the food brands owned by Heinz and Kraft
are just averse enough that they don't
overlap they're not really both in the
ketchup game so there's no ketchup
monopoly one is most well known for
ketchup while the other is most known
for mac and cheese experts think that
the Heinz Kraft deal will be scrutinized
but eventually approved by regulatory
agencies if there is overlap the FTC can
force them to sell off some of their
similar brands before the merge when you
hear monopoly you might think of the
classic board game by the same name
although it might seem strange this
popular game was actually developed as
anti-capitalist propaganda to learn more
check out this video from seeker the
thought of tackling the complexities
economic theory in a game is a tall
order and yet that's exactly what a
woman named Lizzie McGee set out to do
thanks for watching test-tube please
subscribe
