as the day's countdown to Rios Olympic
debut next year
many critics have noted that the city
still has a high crime rate high water
pollution and many other challenges to
face in its preparation work so what's
going on in Rio are they really ready to
host the Olympics in 2016
here's a timeline illustrating some of
the city's major issues over the past
several years
Rio beats out cities like Tokyo Madrid
in Chicago to win the Olympic bid for
the 2016 Summer Games just two weeks
later gang violence in Rio makes
international headlines a police
helicopter is shot down just a mile from
the future site of the Olympic opening
and closing ceremonies
the mayor concedes that there's a long
way to go towards optimal security for
the Olympics
construction of the 2016 Olympic Park
begins thousands of people riot
throughout Brazil over the money being
spent on the Olympics and other sporting
events instead of on public health care
and education over 2000 Olympic venue
construction workers strike for better
pay and working conditions setting the
schedule back two weeks the vice
president of the International Olympic
Committee says slow preparations in Rio
are unprecedented and the worst that
I've experienced the claims construction
had not commenced on some venues and
water pollution was still a serious
concern thousands of dead fish wash up
in Guanabara Bay raising questions about
the safety of the water
a month later researchers in Brazil find
drug-resistant super bacteria in
Guanabara Bay where Olympians will be
sailing and windsurfing a wave of gang
violence leaves five dead and 30 injured
news agencies speculate that the
increased policing in the area has
caused gangs to lash out in a grab for
territory thousands of dead fish again
turned up in Guanabara Bay during a
visit from the IOC Rio officials make
assurances that all Olympic venues will
be clean and safe by 2016 the IOC
cautions that the most intense period of
preparations is coming with test events
happening before the Olympic Games
again with about 500 days to go before
the beginning of the Olympic Games Rio
is feeling the pressure
but despite recent crime and water
pollution issues officials from Rio and
the IOC have remained upbeat about the
status of Olympic preparations when you
hear about pollution it's pretty likely
that the first country that comes to
mind is China to learn about how bad the
problem really is there check out our
video here a recent documentary under
the dome depicts how Chinese residents
are forced to cope with the worsening
air quality in the film the director
says that last year Beijing had 175
polluted days this is when the smog is
so bad that schools are closed and
planes are grounded so just how bad is
pollution in China please consider
subscribing to test-tube now you'll be
the first to see all of our new videos
