with the 2016 presidential race starting
to heat up several politicians have
officially thrown their hats into the
ring as usual a number of political
analysts have already started to
question the candidates constitutional
qualifications namely that of Ted Cruz
who was born in Canada so we wanted to
know who is allowed to run for president
well according to the Constitution there
are only three major qualifications to
run for president you must be a
natural-born citizen at least 35 years
old and have been a permanent resident
of the United States for no less than 14
years there are also a few situations
that could limit your eligibility if you
been impeached and convicted the Senate
can prevent you from serving as
president
additionally part of the 14th amendment
says that if you take part in a
rebellion or insurrection against the
United States after swearing and oath to
the Constitution you are disqualified
from holding the presidential office
however that one can be overturned by a
two-thirds vote from the Congress now
many people assume that in order to be a
natural-born citizen you must be born
within the physical borders of the
United States but the Constitution does
not actually define what a natural-born
citizen is in 2011 a Congressional
Research Service report clarified the
distinction a person born outside the
country can qualify as long as one of
their parents is a US citizen this is
known as you sanguinis or the law of
descent as defined by British common law
at the time of the Constitution's
creation this is in addition to the
concept of jus soli or being born on
u.s. territory essentially if you are
automatically granted US citizenship at
Birth then you fulfill the requirement
it is important to note that the United
States Supreme Court has never addressed
this question directly as it stands most
legal experts say that Ted Cruz's
Canadian birth by his American citizen
mother seems to qualify the candidate as
having fulfilled a natural-born citizen
requirement had Barack Obama actually
been born outside of this country this
interpretation would have also qualified
him as
his mother was an American citizen at
the time of his birth in any case
without a constitutional amendment or
Supreme Court ruling there is no 100%
clear answer as to what defines a
natural-born citizen and who is allowed
to run for president but in legal
circles there is little debate so if you
meet the requirements then by all means
register as a candidate with the FEC and
run for president just make sure to
mention test-tube daily in your
inaugural address the Supreme Court
plays an important part in American
politics but they're actually becoming
more and more divided by party lines to
learn about how the bias of the Supreme
Court is increasing check out our video
here one study at Washington University
in st. Louis showed that for the most
part justices vote in favor of free
speech issues that are in line with the
way they lean politically thanks for
watching test-tube please subscribe for
all our new videos
