in March 2015 the Supreme Court heard
arguments about Texas's ban on
Confederate flag a license plates and
whether the ban is in violation of the
First Amendment 2015 marks a hundred and
fifty years since the end of the Civil
War and some have argued that the
southern Confederate flag is a symbol of
national shame and institutionalized
racism so do states have the right to
ban the Confederate flag
well the question is being posed by a
group known as the Sons of Confederate
Veterans their logo which includes the
Confederate flag has been approved for
use on nine other state license plates
the group has also attempted to have a
former KKK leader memorialized on
Mississippi license plates in 2011 like
many neo Confederates they have said
that the flag represents their proud
southern heritage and is not a
representative of racism the lawyer for
the Sons of Confederate Veterans argues
that the government cannot ban the flag
on the grounds that it could be
offensive since doing so would be in
violation of the First Amendment's free
speech clause however Texas disagrees
back in 2010 the board of the Texas
Department of Motor Vehicles voted eight
to zero to ban the Confederate plates in
their arguments to the Supreme Court the
Texas DMV says that the ban did not
violate free speech because the license
plates are government-owned and
considered government speech the reason
they say is that final approval
authority of the content lies squarely
with the government not a private party
so can states banned the Confederate
flag only when it comes to government
owned property private citizens on the
other hand can paint the Confederate
flag on nearly every square inch of
their vehicles whether that includes a
government-issued license plate is for
the Supreme Court to decide in the same
way that flags and symbols are given
meaning our language is often more
powerful than we think check out this
awesome video on seeker about how our
language changes even our perception of
the universe when I was in grade school
there were nine planets in our solar
system
after the whole Kudo debacle there were
only eight which is the weird thing
about the universe the number of planets
can change not because the universe
changed but because we changed our
perception of the universe
thanks for watching test-tube if you
enjoyed this video please subscribe
