this episode is brought to you by aj+
killing another person is always wrong
right it's in every country's legal
doctrine every major religion even going
back as far as 2000 BC II where the
Sumerian code punishes any man who kills
another man
but despite universal opposition to
homicide there have been situations
where killing someone else is justified
so when is homicide legal well first and
foremost the legality of homicide
depends largely on the difference
between what murder is and isn't murder
is typically defined by several
characteristics it results in the death
of a person it's caused by another
person it's with deliberate intent or
reckless indifference and it occurs
outside the boundaries of the law
effectively all homicide investigations
attempt to determine whether or not a
killing fits these four characteristics
however there are times when ending
someone else's life is not only legal
but encouraged the most common is in
cases of self-defense US law states that
you may use lethal force to defend
yourself or others who are imminently
threatened by a deadly physical force in
most states however if you are able to
avoid the situation or retreat then you
must do so rather than using lethal
force exceptions exist in 23 states
known as Stand Your Ground laws these
maintain that if you are in a place that
you are legally allowed to be then you
have no duty to retreat and can respond
to deadly force with deadly force also
nearly all states have a form of castle
doctrine this gives greater leniency to
assault against an intruder within your
home whether they pose a lethal threat
or not outside of Texas however you
cannot kill someone only to protect your
property killing an enemy combatant as
directed in a lawful war also falls
under the umbrella of legal homicide
however outside of the scope of
authorized combat killing another person
even in a warzone would usually be
considered a war crime in countries that
authorized the death penalty both the
executioner and the judge who orders the
killing are exempt from prosecution
additionally most jurisdictions allow
public officers extra protections for
shooting to kill an escaping prisoner
several countries and a few US states
allow
doctor assisted suicide but only when
the patient is terminally ill and in
pain in other countries especially in
those which practice Sharia law it is
legal to honor kill women for anything
that brings shame upon a family this
includes adultery homosexuality being
the victim of rape or any number of
supposed transgressions killing another
person in most cases is illegal but
under the right circumstances it may be
the only recourse you've got and it's up
to the courts to decide was it murder or
not for better or for worse you can be
the judge police follow different rules
when it comes to killing to learn more
go check out this video from our friends
at aj+ the thing is officers are having
to make very very quick decisions to
choose whatever force option is most
appropriate for the situation thanks for
watching test-tube we'll be back with
another video very soon so please
subscribe
