this episode is brought to you by aj+
take them or leave them but by 2020 the
Millennials will make up 1/3 of all
adults in the United States you may be
familiar with their other labels like
Gen Y Gen me the boomerang generation
countless others but basically they are
the people born between the early 80s
and the 2000s right now that makes them
between the ages of 15 and 30 for full
disclosure I'm obviously a millennial
this year they are set to outnumber the
baby boomer generation which is in
decline let's breakdown the American
generations for a minute the Millennials
are the latest definitive generation to
emerge according to reports before them
it was Generation X or people born
between the 60s and the 80s this
generation came of age during the Reagan
era it's smaller in population size and
a little more conservative before that
came the baby boomers born between the
40s and the 60s named for the population
spike after World War 2 they are known
for their rejection of authority as
youths and their increasingly
conservative outlook as they age before
them it was the Silent Generation whose
members grew up during the hard times
like the depression and McCarthyism then
taking us back to the early 1900's The
Greatest Generation is known for
fighting the Nazis and boosting the US
economy but coming back to the present
for a minute this year is the beginning
of the age of the Millennials the
Brookings Institution estimates that by
2025 they will make up 75% of the
workforce their influence is already
changing the landscape of the political
and business world
what are millennials known for though
their defining characteristics according
to the White House our exposure to the
Internet during formative years more
education and racial diversity than ever
before and unfortunately coming of age
during recession they're also labeled
narcissistic and lazy by other sources
although this is disputed the Pew
Research Center notes that Millennials
are overwhelmingly liberal they
generally support gay marriage abortion
rights and are not religious they hail
from incredibly diverse backgrounds and
are burdened with large student debt
higher levels of unemployment have also
plagued them worse than previous
generations a 2012 Pew study found that
7 out of 10 Americans across all age
groups the
but today's youth had a harder time
finding jobs saving for the future
paying for college and paying for a home
than earlier generations although some
challenges lie ahead for Millennials
there is still time for them to figure
everything out the largest age group for
the generation is just 23 years old with
about 80 million strong Millennials are
poised to have a huge effect on the
direction of the United States and the
world in years to come
Millennials are more familiar with
student loan debt than any generation
before them but what happens if they
can't pay it back watch this video to
find out the Treasury offset program
allows the US Department of the Treasury
to take your tax refund and give it
directly to the Department of Education
to pay down your debt they're also
legally allowed to garnish up to 15% of
your wages which means taking money
directly out of your paycheck if you
want to make sure you don't miss our
latest videos also remember you can
subscribe thank you for watching
test-tube
