Isis is arguably the most powerful
terrorist group in the world right now
recently the Brookings Institute
released a study detailing one of their
most effective methods of recruiting
foreign fighters social media so along
with social media what other modern
recruiting tactics is Isis using and why
are they so effective Isis uses several
popular digital media platforms like
Twitter YouTube whatsapp SoundCloud just
pasted Instagram Facebook to reach out
to potential recruits the Brookings
Institute estimates that on Twitter
alone Isis supporters run about 50,000
accounts and post almost a hundred
thousand messages about Isis per day
Isis is adept at modern marketing
techniques they produce expensive and
highly stylized videos targeted towards
specific audiences in different
languages in the video by Allah yet the
media arm of Isis a white Canadian
jihadist in his 20s encourages other
Westerners to join up in other videos
directed towards more local recruits
Isis propaganda stresses their religious
duty above all else recently Isis
released a video with sign language
meant to attract deaf and mute people to
their ranks the ads are all meant to
appeal to young people and they are
distributed through relatively new
platforms of communication ads with
kittens and internet jokes
these humanized jihadist and show the
viewer an idyllic life in Syria fighting
for an oppressed community in short isis
videos make jihad look alluring and
meaningful this portrayal coupled with
their deft use of social media and
propaganda could be why so many foreign
fighters have joined the ranks of Isis
if you want to learn more about Isis
make sure you check out our full
playlist of videos right here including
this one about the symbolism of their
flag black flags of jihad are regularly
used by Isis al Qaeda and a handful of
other Islamic militant groups as a
rallying cry and a symbol of war there's
a link to that video in the description
below so please check it out now thanks
for watching test-tube let us know if
there are any questions you want us to
look into
you
