early in March The Whistleblower John
Kiriakou was released from prison after
serving nearly two years for revealing
information about the CIA's torture
program even though the whistleblower
protection act of 1989 offers federal
protection to whistleblowers the costs
of whistleblowing
are still often very serious so what
dangers do whistleblowers face well
people who expose corruption in the
company they work or have worked for can
be unlawfully fired from their jobs they
can be subject to long term unemployment
and they can even face prison time and
death threats various legislation was
enacted in the twentieth century to
guard against these repercussions The
Whistleblower Protection Act worked
specifically for employees of federal
agencies and guaranteed against any
retaliatory actions towards the
whistleblower the Occupational Safety
and Health Act of 1970 was another
federal law which prohibited employer
discrimination against whistleblowing
employees unfortunately employer
discrimination can be very hard to prove
and there are numerous other laws of
loopholes which exist that interfere
with these protections that's why kiri
aku was convicted in what was a
tremendous miscarriage of justice
according to the nonprofit group the
Government Accountability Project in
2007 kiri aku publicly blew the whistle
on CIA torture practices like
waterboarding but because the FBI proved
that he released sensitive information
on his former co-workers kiri aku was
prosecuted on five felonies related to
the Espionage Act and the intelligence
identities Protection Act more
allegations against the CIA were later
released in the torture report yet no
other high-ranking official has been
convicted to learn why watch my video on
that subject Edward Snowden is perhaps
the most well known whistleblower of
recent times he released classified NSA
documents revealing the invasive scope
of their spying program Baba leaks have
resulted in more government transparency
to the public Snowden has been forced to
seek political asylum in Russia
Snowden's lawyer has accused US
officials of threatening Snowden with
bodily harm despite all the potential
dangers that whistleblowers face there
are still some benefits the US
Securities and Exchange Commission
created a whistleblower program in 2012
which promises confidentiality to the
whistleblower and also rewards them with
a 10 to 30 percent cut of the penalty
money collected from the perpetrator in
March 2015 the SEC reported a payment of
around a half million dollars to an
anonymous whistleblower despite the
dangers and ramifications of revealing
an employer secrets honesty and
transparency remained the driving
motivations for many whistleblowers
Snowden has said that his sole
motivation for leaking classified
documents was to inform the public and
when a reporter asked Kiriakou after all
he's been through if he would blow the
whistle again if given the chance
kyriakos said I am proud to have played
a role in the end of torture as a US
government policy and I would do it all
again so we've got a really fantastic
new show where we take a look at some
amazing untold stories around the world
this one is about some inspiring death
photographers in India and how they play
a vital role in the rituals of burial
over a hundred bodies arrived from near
and far for open cremation
Oh
but that is not this sacred here it also
supports the livelihood of the living
you can click the link at the top of the
description to see it now and thank you
for watching test-tube please remember
to subscribe
