in February 2015 in North Carolina a 26
year old mother of four children was one
of three winners of a huge Powerball
jackpot totaling 564 million dollars the
chances of that happening were one in a
hundred and seventy five million so how
does the lottery work and what should
you do if you win well in America only
44 states have lotteries plus the
District of Columbia Puerto Rico and the
US Virgin Islands the other US states
exclude themselves for various reasons
like religious objections or in Nevada's
case the fact that they already have
other gambling agencies lotteries are
mostly government-run and state
officials use part of the proceeds
toward funding things like education
across the country lottery sales totaled
seventy billion dollars for the year
so what happens if you actually win big
in the lottery after signing your ticket
make sure to get a photo and a video of
yourself with it then usually there's a
number you can call to identify yourself
as the winner however you don't have to
come in to claim the prize just yet
depending on the lottery and the state
you're in sometimes you have up to a
year to claim the prize in fact
financial advisers usually recommend
that you wait before you claim the prize
you need to have a few things figured
out do you want the annuity prize or the
cash lump sum what are you gonna say to
the press do you want to remain
anonymous and is that even possible in
your state find a lawyer or a certified
financial planner or both and possibly a
press agent to help you figure out the
details if you win the lottery you can
be offered the annuity prize or the cash
prize the annuity is listed at a higher
face value because it's invested in safe
bonds and the prize money is released to
you over time however most people take
the cash lump sum amount on paper it
seems drastically lower than the annuity
prize but most people think that they
can invest the money themselves and make
a higher overall profit usually taxes
hit lotto winners pretty hard the IRS
alone can take up to 40% of your prize
money then you can face an additional
state tax Mega Millions reports that
only about half a dozen states don't tax
lotto winnings if you live in New York
City you may be paying one
the highest state taxes on lotto
winnings at around 13% in 2012 the odds
were lowered for major state lotteries
and jackpots have been climbing to
astronomic levels the largest jackpot
ever won in US history was in 2012 at
656 million dollars but before you start
buying tons of lottery tickets just
remember that the odds of getting struck
by lightning are much much higher
America has a rich history of people
hunting for treasure in one way or
another on our brand-new show seeker I
tell the story of how one of America's
greatest treasure hunters got a lot more
than he was expecting and then his life
took a nasty turn it could be painted as
a classic cursed treasure scenario of
paranoia twisting and obsessed mine but
the story is about so much more than
that because the gold on the ship didn't
just mess with Tommy's mind at one point
it messed with the entire psyche of the
United States this new show is just
getting started but it's awesome so
please click here and subscribe and
you'll be the first to hear about every
single new story thanks
