this episode is brought to you by aj+
a un affiliate report says almost a
quarter of the world's population is
aged to 10 to 24 on our planet right now
in their words never before have there
been so many young people never again is
there likely to be such potential for
economic and social progress so what
does that mean for us in the future well
it means that we've got to start paying
more attention to developing countries
because that's where 90% of the world's
youth live places like India China and
Nigeria have what experts refer to as a
youth bulge in their populations those
countries must start expanding their
economies to make room for new job
seekers about to hit the market
investments for the future are needed in
places like Africa and South Asia
towards education health services
vocational training and housing
development otherwise chronic
unemployment for youths can lead to gang
affiliation and other crime despite
growing school attendance and low and
middle income nations there are a
hundred and twenty-five million young
people who cannot read or write more
than half of these youths are female
education may be the most important tool
for the development of young women
studies have shown that female
empowerment and social equality are key
factors towards improving developing
nations use advocates declare that
today's adolescents are some of the most
mobile connected informed and
politically active young people that the
world has ever seen however there are
some dangers that lie ahead the UN
reports that there are 2 million people
worldwide aged 10 to 19 who are
currently hiv-positive and one in seven
new HIV infections occurs during
adolescence the World Health
Organization also reports that
complications from pregnancies and
suicide
are a leading cause of death for young
girls these dangers signify the
necessity for sexual education health
care and contraception access today's
adolescents more than anyone else need
guidance and resources in order to
survive and thrive by 2100 the booming
populations of India China and Nigeria
combined will make up approximately 1/3
of the world's population to learn more
about the youth of the world check out
this awesome video from our friends over
at aj+
between 18 and 34 say hello to never
buying a house where are the Millennials
making up 25% of the u.s. population and
thank you for watching test-tube please
subscribe
