you might know that China owns a
significant portion of the United States
debt some 1.3 trillion dollars worth but
our national debt is not the only place
where China is picking up the tab the
Chinese government and private finance
ears have been sinking more and more
money into America's economy and those
investments don't seem to be slowing so
how much of the u.s. does China own with
the recent boom in chinese credit
availability public and private chinese
investors have been seeking a safe
profitable harbor for their newfound
spending ability meanwhile the US dollar
has been losing value in comparison to
the chinese un coupled with a creeping
housing bubble the government is
desperate to control experts say there
has never been a better time for China
to invest in America in recent years
Chinese nationals have been buying up
real estate around the country at
increasingly higher prices than other
foreign investors especially in major
urban areas like Manhattan Los Angeles
and the San Francisco Bay Area in
February 2015 a Chinese insurer agreed
to buy a Manhattan hotel for 230 million
according to reports that price tag
makes it the most highly valued hotel in
the US with each room cost me about 2
million last year alone Chinese buyers
spent 22 billion in the housing market a
nearly two-thirds increase from 2012
Chinese companies are also buying
existing businesses across the u.s.
Chinese conglomerate the shine Wei Group
purchased the largest pork producer in
the United States for 4.7 billion the
acquisition made the privately owned
Chinese meat company a major employer in
some rural parts of the US in North
Carolina one in ten hog farms are now
owned by the Chinese pork producer
similar deals have given China
unprecedented access to America's
workforce in 2012 Chinese President Xi
Jinping and US Vice President Joe Biden
agreed to support Chinese construction
companies in rebuilding America's
infrastructure for example the new Bay
Bridge connecting Oakland and San
Francisco was built almost entirely in
Shanghai before being shipped to the
west coast other projects like an
expansive New York subway refurbishment
have also been outsourced to China
Construction America incorporated which
has invested over 2 billion of its own
funds
American infrastructure overall since
2005 China has sunk more than 70 billion
into US housing technology finance and
energy wondering what's up with the rest
of the United States debt we broke it
down in this video right here or to
learn more about China try the one below
if you enjoyed this video please
subscribe thanks for watching test-tube
you
