Mormons we know the name thanks to
high-profile members like Mitt Romney
and a popular Broadway musical but
according to a recent survey most
Americans don't know much about them in
fact critics suggest that voters didn't
ally with Romney in the 2012 election
because they were suspicious of the
Mormon faith so who exactly are the
Mormons well let's break it down
Mormons identify themselves as
Christians belonging to the Latter day
Saint movement of restorationist
Christianity they follow the teachings
found in the Bible and the Book of
Mormon among others the religion itself
is actually quite young the church was
founded in 1830 by Joseph Smith in
upstate New York Smith claimed that he
received a revelation from God saying
that Jesus would one day return to a New
Jerusalem in America when Smith died
Brigham Young led a significant number
of Mormons to Salt Lake City in Utah
where the religions headquarters was
established by and large Mormons are
considered a conservative religion
staining from drugs alcohol pornography
gambling and even drinking caffeine
majority of Mormons are also outspoken
about being opposed to abortion
homosexuality and sex before marriage
most people also believe them to be
polygamous yet the Mormon Church denies
it saying it discontinued the custom
over a century ago and anyone who
practices it will be excommunicated
reports suggest that Joseph Smith had up
to 40 wives and it's noted that there
are some fundamentalist sects of the
Latter day Saints movement that continue
to practice that tradition while some
Mormon beliefs seem to go against the
grain of modern society according to the
church it's the fastest growing faith in
the world since it was established with
just six followers the church now boasts
15 million members with new members the
Mormon Church has grown in more ways
than one
Mormons practice something called
tithing where each person is required to
donate 10% of their earnings to the
church and with 15 million followers
worldwide that amounts to a lot so just
how rich is the Mormon Church and how
influential are they it's true the
Latter day Saints are pretty wealthy but
they're also notoriously tight-lipped
about how much they earn it's reported
that tithing brings in around 7 billion
dollars annually in fact Mormons have
developed a solid reputation for being
great business leaders and it's
understood that the church's holdings
are immense comprising around
thirty-five billion dollars worth of
corporate commercial ventures including
temples ranches and shopping malls
religious scholars suggest that for
Mormons giving to the poor and making a
million dollars is all part of God's
work aside from their economic wealth
and power Mormons have also started to
get more involved in the political arena
according to a 2012 Pew Research Center
survey 74 percent of Mormons leaned
toward the Republican Party and although
Mitt Romney recently withdrew from the
2016 presidential race experts suggest
that with financial backing from the
Mormon Church and community business
leaders we may see more Mormon
candidates representing the Republican
Party in the future however they might
have to work on their relatability to
the voting public first does believing
in God have anything to do with how
smart you are
turns out researchers have investigated
this question in the past learn what
they found on dnews and thank you so
much for watching please subscribe
