with less than a month until Election
Day Republican presidential nominee
Donald Trump is crying foul on the
election process on Twitter he claimed
that the election is rigged in favor of
Hillary Clinton and while some
Republicans like Rudy Giuliani have
supported Trump's accusations others
have insisted that voters should trust
the political system so is there any
proof that the u.s. election is rigged
and just how common is voter fraud well
to clarify there's a difference between
electoral fraud and voter fraud the
first is when there's interference with
the electoral process so rigging ballot
machines or changing the vote count
after the fact are examples of electoral
fraud voter fraud is when individual
voters misrepresent themselves or
otherwise cheat the system to
fraudulently cast votes organized voter
fraud can be considered a form of
electoral fraud as well there are
several types of voter fraud one form is
when a voter casts more than one ballot
in an election one would be as
themselves and a second or third would
be in the name of a deceased person or
another individual who would not
otherwise be voting studies suggest that
this type of fraud is usually committed
through mail-in or absentee ballots
another form of voter fraud is when
voters are paid to cast a ballot but
this is difficult to trace and nearly
impossible to prevent many Republicans
have argued that voter fraud is so
common that it actually poses a threat
to democracy to fight it Republicans in
Congress have repeatedly introduced
legislation for stricter voter ID laws
but many opponents say that these laws
simply exist to disenfranchise voters
who can't afford to get an ID namely
Democrat voting minority populations in
fact some argue that modern voter ID
laws violate the 1965 Voting Rights Act
which banned literacy tests and other
barriers that kept African Americans
from voting so just how often does voter
fraud actually happen well almost never
one famous study looking at elections
between 2000 and 2014 found only 31
cases of possible fraud out of more than
1 billion votes another study showed
that impersonation at the polls turned
out to be virtually non-existent with
just one for every 15 million
prospective voters but just because it's
extremely uncommon doesn't
it's impossible in a 2013 investigation
in New York undercover agents posing as
ineligible voters were able to vote at
61 out of 63 polling places that
suggests that roughly 97% of the time
fraudulent voters can bypass the system
although analysis shows that they almost
never do for Trump however the fairness
of presidential elections isn't up for
debate the system he says is absolutely
rigged in favor of Hillary Clinton and
he cited episodes of large-scale voter
fraud Trump has even encouraged the
supporters to form polling site
vigilante groups to ensure that people
don't vote multiple times but with no
evidence of widespread voter fraud to
begin with it's likely that these
so-called election observers will be
wasting their time if you've been a
subscriber of seeker daily for a while
you've probably seen some of our VR
videos you can watch all of our VR
content in one place on our channel
seeker VR we sent a camera from earth to
the edge of space and you can watch that
right here right now the air pressure is
about 90 percent lower than it is back
on the ground close to the atmospheric
pressure in space under these conditions
your body would not be able to survive
without a spacesuit thanks for watching
make sure to subscribe to seeker VR to
watch all of our 360 videos
you
