the country of Jordan recently attacked
Islamic state targets in Syria after the
terrorist group released a video showing
the brutal execution of a Jordanian
fighter pilot
now Jordan's King Abdullah has promised
a relentless and punishing campaign
against Isis militants who are
attempting to destabilize the country in
the Middle East so Ken Jordan wind the
fight against Isis
well Jordans attack of Isis targets was
a definite show of military force around
30 Jordanian f-16 fighter jets conducted
the air strike in the Syrian town of our
Raqqa and reports suggest that the
missiles took out several Isis training
centers and ammunition depots Jordan has
also struck Islamic state targets in the
Iraq city of Mosul and the strikes are
just beginning the Jordanian military
has announced that it will deploy
special ground forces to Isis
strongholds in Syria and Iraq this has
been received as positive news by the US
which has so far been responsible for
approximately 80% of airstrikes against
Isis the u.s. welcomes a more active
role for Jordan's military in the fight
against Isis is proliferation Middle
East Jordans Royal Special Operations
force is a technically sophisticated and
highly capable military entity who often
trained alongside US forces the unit is
part of the Joint Special Operations
Command of 14,000 strong army that has
been the key to Jordan's ability to
efficiently respond to threats the State
Security according to reports Jordan
fought off Isis fighters who attacked at
least six border control posts on the
Iraqi Jordanian border in December of
2014 it was the second time in less than
six months that the militants had
attempted to enter Jordan from western
Iraq the growing threats to Jordans
security prompted Jordans ruling monarch
and head of the royal special forces
King Abdullah to meet with President
Obama
King Abdullah had asked if the US could
supply Jordan with Predator spy drones
Abdullah argued that the specialized
equipment would be a massive assistance
to Jordan who would utilize them to
locate Isis targets although they are
long-term allies the u.s. denied king of
dollars requests still Jordan shows no
signs of losing momentum in the fight in
addition to continual airstrikes they
recently executed two Islamic terrorist
prisoners however human rights groups
have since condemned the action saying
it
unlawful experts have also noted that
the coalition to fight Isis which
includes countries like the US the UAE
and Iraq are stronger than ever since
Jordan initiated the airstrikes and it
suggested that in the next few weeks
countries within the coalition will join
Jordan and military action against Isis
more info about the war against Isis
check out our full playlist here
including this video about the entirely
female Kurdish military unit the ypj
there are over 7000 strong and make up
35% of all the Kurdish troops in Syria
we release new videos every day so be
sure to subscribe and don't miss a
single one
