On January 16 2015 at the request of
Palestinian officials the International
Criminal Court launched a preliminary
investigation of alleged war crimes
which were committed by Israel during
the summer of 2014 the attacks according
to UN officials killed around 2,000
Palestinians majority of whom were
civilians so what is this preliminary
investigation mean and how does it
affect peace talks between Israel and
Palestine well first of all the ICC is a
last resort for international parties to
get justice for crimes against humanity
in 2009 they dismissed a claim made by
Palestinians because of technicalities
relating to their status as a state
however in the last few years the
territory of Palestine has been
recognized as a pseudo state and the ICC
has now decided to look into their
claims against Israel and although
Israel may be the preliminary focus of
this new examination the ICC will also
be investigating any Palestinian war
crimes as well Israel's prime minister
describes the examination as an outrage
and says the Palestinian Authority is
not a country and therefore it is not
the courts place to carry out an
examination like this the US State
Department is also disagreed with the
examination arguing that it's a
confrontational move amid Israeli and
Palestinian efforts for peace talks they
also don't regard Palestine as a state
as of April 2014 the peace talks between
the two governments have collapsed with
this new investigation of alleged war
crimes it's unlikely that they will
initiate again any time soon the
conflict between Israel and Palestine is
a long and complicated one find out how
it all started by watching this video
and if you like our videos be sure to
subscribe to test-tube daily
you
