the recent attacks on the Charlie Hebdo
offices in Paris has left the country in
shock it has also brought up a lot of
questions about gun laws and gun
accessibility in France and Europe in
general many countries in Europe are
comparatively strict on guns but the
continent has a thriving black market
that traffic's heavily in weapons the
question is what exactly are Europe's
gun laws and how easy is it to illegally
get a weapon their European countries
have a wide spectrum of gun laws in some
countries like Switzerland almost half
the population owns guns and laws are
considered lacs in other places like
Lithuania and Romania few civilians own
firearms because at one point they were
part of the Soviet Union which had
extremely strict gun laws within the
European Union there's about 16 gun
owners per 100 people in order to be
part of the EU countries must abide by
some basic guidelines no citizen may own
a fully automatic weapon and there are
restrictions for semi-automatic weapons
and handguns there's also a licensing
process with background checks Plus each
nation in the EU is free to make their
own additional gun control laws and
several do the United Kingdom for
example have some of the strictest gun
control laws in the world and
consequently only six out of 100 Brits
have registered firearms France Germany
and Norway are also notably strict on
gun control in these countries obtaining
a gun license is costly time consuming
and purposefully complex some
requirements in these countries include
practicing at an official firing range
for six months paying several thousand
euros and being subject to random home
inspections for correct gun storage
after these qualifications are met then
and only then can you get a license to
own a firearm but as we said that
doesn't mean everyone in Europe follows
these laws there is an enormous black
market called the shadow economy for
weapons a uk-based think-tank claims
that this shadow economy makes up 20% of
national income for Spain Italy and
Greece other nations in Eastern Europe
like Georgia make it even 60% of their
GDP from the black market this market
leads to paradoxes like the one we
currently have in France France is
strict on gun control but it's also one
of the most well armed nations in
Western Europe about 3 million firearms
are registered and legal but there is
thought to be an additional 16 million
illicit guns in the country
is mostly due to the black market and
Frances proximity to countries where the
black market flourishes the Christian
Science Monitor claims that Paris is the
hub of one of the largest internet
trafficking rings and that the click of
a mouse buys an ak-47 for between 2,000
and 4,000 dollars since the attack on
Charlie Hebdo French gun laws and
black-market dealings have come under
scrutiny but an expert cited by the
International Business Times predicts if
a debate arises in France following the
Charlie Hebdo attack it will be over
national security and gun trafficking
not gun rights to learn more about gun
laws in the United States check out this
video now as it stands now licensed
dealers have to do a background check
before they can sell or transfer a gun
to a customer this is designed to keep
guns out of the hands of criminals
domestic abusers and others the state of
Washington has deemed unfit for gun
ownership and please subscribe we upload
new videos 6 days a week thanks for
watching
