a recent study by the Institute for
economics and peace shows that terrorism
is on the rise in groups like Isis and
Boko Haram are obviously still making
headlines so what do we do is there a
way to stop terrorist groups well the
good news is all terrorist groups will
end at some point
in fact the global terrorism database
found that almost 75% of active
terrorist groups before 1997 lasted less
than one year one Harvard study examines
the post 9/11 world and found that
terrorist groups that ended before 2008
lasted an average of 14 years so for the
most part terrorist groups are temporary
the real question is why do they break
up the most common reason a terrorist
group stops committing terrorism is
because they eventually become a
political party a study of 648 terrorist
groups found that 40% of them and for
this reason there are many examples of
this the Kosovo Liberation Army which
was called a terrorist group by
President Clinton made the transition to
the Kosovo protection Corps which now
works closely with NATO Shin Fein the
political wing of the IRA is currently
one of the most popular political
parties in northern island this doesn't
mean that verifying a terrorist group is
a political party necessarily ends
terrorism Hezbollah holds numerous seats
in Lebanon's parliament but still
remains on most terrorist watch lists
and has been connected to recent
terrorist acts
another major way terrorist groups come
to an end is by unknowingly recruiting
police or military intelligence whose
goal is to break up the organization
from the inside
studies show that 40% split up for this
reason intelligence agencies gather
information infiltrate groups and arrest
leaders they can also make it harder for
terrorist groups to raise money or
recruit complete military action is 7%
of why terrorist groups break up that
number is deceiving because military
actions aren't used against smaller
terrorist organizations which make up
the majority of the 648 groups we're
talking about the study also shows that
10% of terrorist groups end because they
achieved the goals they set out to
achieve a good example would be the
National Liberation Front which
seized all terrorist activities after
Algeria achieved independence from
France of course those aren't all of the
ways terrorist groups end some end by
splintering off into other terrorist
groups but that's not really terrorism
ending so much as it is shifting
allegiances for more on the rise of
terrorism please check out our video on
the rising death toll caused by
terrorism if you have any ideas or
questions you'd like us to explore
please let us know on Facebook or in the
comments down below thanks for watching
