the US recently passed Saudi Arabia to
become the world's largest producer of
oil to the tune of about eight point
eight million barrels per day still a
lot of people are worried about our
dependence on foreign oil
so how concerned should we really be
let's look at production versus
consumption the US has always produced a
lot of oil but in the past few years
we've been going gangbusters recently
hitting twenty eight year highs
historically we've gotten our oil from
traditional drilling but nowadays almost
half of those eight point eight million
daily barrels are so-called tight oil
that we get from hydro fracking there's
been a lot of debate about that for
environmental reasons but it's big
business for a lot of states overall the
majority of our oil comes from Texas
North Dakota California Alaska and from
offshore wells and boy do we use a lot
of it last year America went through
almost 19 million barrels a day which is
where the foreign oil comes in we only
produce about half as much oil as we
need so we end up importing just as much
as we produce which is why some people
are concerned about the middle-east and
our dependence on foreign oil but if you
look at where our oil is actually coming
from you might see things differently
more than anywhere else our oil comes
from Canada followed by Saudi Arabia
Mexico and Venezuela so when we talk
about foreign oil we're not just talking
about the Middle East in fact we're
mostly talking about north and south
america but that's not to say don't
worry about the rest of the world the
international petroleum market is
interconnected so a big change in one
region can have big consequences
everywhere else so even though the US
doesn't import much oil from Iraq these
days instability there still impacts the
price and supply of oil here plus oil is
a non-renewable resource so at some
point this is all going to come to a
head it just may not happen here first
if you found this video informative
please subscribe and remember
subscribing is the only way to make sure
you see all of our videos
you
