a Russian submarine has reportedly been
spotted numerous times in Swedish waters
and relations between the two nations
are becoming tense the Swedish military
is currently searching for the sub while
the Russian Defense Ministry is
currently denying its existence a claim
that seems dubious considering the
hundreds of other intrusions into
foreign territory that the Russian
military has recently undertaken and we
are not kidding there are literally
hundreds of these on April 23rd two
Russian bombers entered a half mile into
Netherlands airspace before two Dutch
fighter jets intercepted them on that
same day a Russian fighter flew within
100 feet of a u.s. reconnaissance plane
flying over international waters near
Japan reportedly putting both planes in
jeopardy also in April and unarmed
Russian jet made a dozen passes over the
USS Donald cook an American warship
stationed in the Black Sea then in
August and September Russian warships
threatened a Finnish research vessel and
Russian jets entered Swedish airspace
without permission meanwhile on the
other side of the world for Russian
nuclear bombers along with a refueling
tanker were intercepted 200 miles off
the coast of Alaska in June two of the
Bombers headed back to Russia while the
other two headed south down the US Coast
where they were intercepted again this
time only 50 miles off the coast of
California and that wasn't Russia's only
foray into the Americas in September the
u.s. air force intercepted six Russian
planes within 40 miles of the Alaskan
coast and the Canadian Air Force
intercepted two Russian bombers only 30
miles off of the Canadian Coast hours
later the American military is brushing
off these incidents as routine Russian
training exercises in US territory which
by law only extends 13.8 miles off the
US Coast was never technically breached
but it is a clear sign of increased
Russian military activity and if you add
in the 324 times over the past six
months that Russian planes have breached
Japan's border and the current conflict
in Ukraine there are obvious reasons to
be concerned but how concerned is
another question there is always an
outside chance of military conflict
arising from breaches of a country
airspace but there are no indications
that Russia wants war they may just be
showing off their military strengths
which have been increasing lately due to
a renewed focus on military spending by
Russia and there is some anecdotal
evidence to support this many Russian
jets are essentially flashing other
pilots the goods by showing their
undersides to better display their
weaponry Russia may also be trying to
send a subtle message to Sweden in
particular because Sweden is indirectly
supporting Ukraine through their work
with NATO despite not being an official
NATO member Russia may also just be
returning to their old form testing
other nations borders like they are
doing now is an old Soviet Russian
tactic often used during the Cold War to
intimidate both their Baltic and Pacific
neighbors to find out more on how strong
the Russian military is click here and
if you enjoyed this episode make sure to
subscribe we release videos five days a
week to keep you up to date on what is
happening in the world thanks for
watching
