since the Syrian civil war started in
March 2011 an estimated nine and a half
million Syrians have been forced to flee
their homes over three million of those
have fled the country the UN estimates
that by the end of this year as many as
4 million Syrians could be living abroad
as refugees so where are all of these
displaced Syrians going and can the
international community really support 9
million displaced individuals well the
majority of displaced Syrians around
six-and-a-half million have fled their
homes but are still living inside of
Syria other large groups of refugees
have crossed into neighboring countries
the majority of whom fled to Lebanon and
Turkey
although Jordan Iraq Egypt and other
North African countries also have a
sizeable number for relocating and
providing services for nine and a half
million refugees soon-to-be almost 10
and a half million can't exclusively be
a regional problem Syria and the
surrounding areas just don't have the
resources or the stability to house a
refugee population of that size the
United Nations has called on the
international community to help the EU
and the u.s. have responded but mainly
in the form of financial support and
humanitarian aid to Syria and its
neighboring nations the US has given
more than 2.9 billion dollars in
humanitarian aid and the EU has given
roughly three and a half billion dollars
but there aren't many places willing to
take in refugees on such a large scale
Germany has agreed to shelter 28,500
Syrian refugees this year which is no
small amount the US has agreed to take
in roughly 33 thousand refugees this
year from the Near East and South Asia
regions but they aren't specifying
Syrians so some of those slots may be
taken up by asylum seekers from other
countries the rest of the international
community plans on taking it at least
14,000 refugees in 2014 if not more a
lot of these nations plan on increasing
the number of refugees they can take on
year over year but for now most of the
responsibility for these displaced
Syrians remains on Syria and its
surrounding nations a fact that is
causing huge humanitarian problems for
the region and adding undue stress to
nations like Iraq and Lebanon
that are already struggling with their
own stability issues if you found this
episode informative please subscribe and
remember we upload new videos five days
a week
you
