the Islamic state also known as Isis has
been in the news a lot for their savvy
social networking including slick call
to arms videos busy Twitter accounts and
a mobile app but in late August another
video started making the rounds a spoof
titled run not walk to Isis land that
plays like a super dark tourism promo
the video has over 700,000 views and
Counting and was produced by the US
State Department that's right the US
government is fighting a snarky
social-media war on terror so how far
have they gone with this
well pretty far it all started in 2006
with the formation of the digital
outreach team a small group within the
State Department dedicated to engaging
with users of popular forums and
websites in the Middle East the idea was
to dispel myths about American policy in
the Muslim world and to counter
misinformation in propaganda
disseminated by terrorist groups like
al-qaeda in 2011 the group expanded into
the Center for Strategic
counterterrorism communications or CSC
see the new group extended its strategy
to include modern social media
networking services like Twitter
Facebook Tumblr and YouTube it was the
CSEC that produced the run not walk to
Isis land video and that's just the tip
of the social warfare iceberg the group
is extremely active on Twitter where
they post criticisms of Isis ideology
direct rebuttals to Isis tweets snide
insults and more often with the hashtag
think again turn away which is directed
at potential Isis followers the most
surprising thing about all this might be
the variety of angles that they're
trying it's often moral outrage as in
this tumblr post that calls out Isis for
they're revolting use of kids but then
there's this tweet from an Isis
supporter bragging that America's Idol
of capitalism was brought down on
September 11th the CSCC actually replied
to the tweet directly their tweet
included a picture of an Isis member
wearing a Rolex and the note nobody's a
bigger fan of the fruit
capitalism another CSCC tweet included a
photo of female Kurdish troops with the
goading caption Isis's worst nightmare
beat by a girl so what's the US trying
to accomplish with all the shaming and
goading the head of the CSEC Alberto
Fernandez says that our target audience
is not the extremists as the people the
extremists are talking to trying to
influence it's the people who have not
yet become terrorists the problem says
Fernandez is that social media channels
are overrun with extremist messages
there's no way the u.s. is going to
drown out that flood of messaging but it
can at least provide some counter
messaging so is the sea SCC's plan
working it's hard to say it's very least
it seems to be annoying the extremists
there's at least one report of
terrorists creating fake State
Department social accounts in an attempt
to discredit our accounts discrediting
them beyond that though it's hard to
know whether the u.s. is just shouting
into the digital void a study published
in the middle-east journal in 2012
looked at the State Department's early
online efforts in 2009 and found very
little evidence of any change there are
also concerns that the State
Department's messaging might just be
Fanning the flames even among non
terrorists fighting fire with fire can
be a controversial move even when you're
just talking about Twitter if you'd like
to know more about Isis and the fighting
in Iraq and Syria please click on our
Isis playlist to learn about who Isis is
how they got their start and who they
are currently fighting in the area new
videos five days a week please subscribe
