this episode of test-tube is brought to
you by ting mobile that makes sense
71% of people who graduated from college
in 2012 have student loan debt full
disclosure I have quite a lot like so
much the average graduate borrowed
around $29,000 the total number of
student loans owed in the u.s. today has
surpassed 1 trillion dollars with
numbers rising every year it's
reasonable to expect that some if not
many of those borrowers will have to
default on their debt at some point so
what will that look like
how bad is defaulting on your student
loans it's pretty bad most students use
federal loans to pay for their education
and the federal government has many ways
to get back its money the Treasury
offset program allows the US Department
of the Treasury to take your tax refund
and give it directly to the Department
of Education to pay down your debt
they're also legally allowed to garnish
up to 15 percent of your wages which
means taking money directly out of your
paycheck some states also allow private
loan companies to seize your state tax
refund in the same way and if for some
reason the federal government or a
private company doesn't think that any
of these previous methods are quick
enough they can sue you for the full
amount at any time so even if you
default the government and these private
companies are still going to get their
money and that's just the beginning
defaulting on any loan will have a
negative effect on your credit score
which would make it harder for you to
take out money in the future or to buy a
house or a car or even start a business
it may even affect your chances of
landing a job or an apartment and there
is no safety valve that can get you out
of student loan debt bankruptcy cannot
help you even after you've liquidated
all of your assets to resolve your other
debts you still have to pay your student
loans so you really shouldn't default on
your student loans if you are unable to
pay them but they are not yet in default
you have options there are scenarios in
which you can qualify for loan
modification deferment or forgiveness
it's always good to contact your lender
before defaulting on a loan since
working with you to get their money back
is in their best interest and yours with
all of that said if you have to borrow
money for school
federal student loans are the best
option as far as affordability and
credibility are concerned just make sure
to work with them so that you don't have
to default if you care about saving
money and want to help the show check
out our sponsor ting if you do that now
you'll get 25% off a new device or $25
in service credit ting mobile that makes
sense if you'd like to see more
test-tube please click on our episode
about the minimum wage and why we should
or should not raise it according to most
analysts the perceived state of the
economy has always had a direct effect
on election outcomes a good economy is
better for incumbents and a bad economy
is better for contenders new videos five
days a week please subscribe
you
