the Islamic state also known as Isis
recently beheaded two American
journalists in Syria journalists who had
been held by Isis for an extended period
prior to their execution
which brings up a troubling question how
many Americans are currently being held
by terrorist groups or hostile States
the answer however unsettling it may be
is that we simply don't know the United
States government's official policy is
to not negotiate with terrorists that
policy is intended to discourage people
from kidnapping civilians by taking the
possibility of a reward out of the
equation which is great in theory but
not that effective in practice
kidnapping Westerners can be a very
lucrative business and US Nationals
working in hostile areas are kidnapped
fairly regularly although the general
public isn't usually given a whole lot
of information about it as of right now
these are the American citizens who we
know for sure were kidnapped abroad and
are most likely still being held hostage
today American citizen Caitlin Coleman
and her Canadian husband have been held
by the Taliban in Afghanistan since 2012
presumably along with their newborn baby
Caitlin was pregnant at the time of her
abduction former FBI agent and current
CIA contractor Robert Levinson was
kidnapped in 2007 in Iran by an unknown
group that there are indications that
the Iranian government was involved the
Iranian government has been holding
Catholic missionary Saeed Abedini since
2012 for charges stemming from his
missionary work they've also been
holding former US Marine Amir Hekmati
since 2011 who they accused of being a
US spy USAID contractor Warren Weinstein
was taken from his home in Pakistan by
al Qaeda in 2011 he's most likely being
held in the mountainous region bordering
Afghanistan USAID contractor Alan Gross
has been imprisoned in Cuba by the Cuban
government since 2009 they accuse him of
being a CIA operative the north korean
government is currently holding three
americans in captivity with similar
accusations of spying or subversive acts
in syria freelance journalist Austin
Tice was kidnapped in August 2012 most
likely by the Syrian
government reports are still unclear
though and no demands have been made by
any group also in Syria Isis is holding
at least two other Americans and while
we don't have a lot of information on
who they are or how they were captured
we do know that one of them is a 26 year
old female humanitarian worker Jeffrey
ake a water bottling contractor was
kidnapped in Iraq in 2005 demands were
made but we can't be sure who was making
them and the trail has since gone cold
seven other American citizens were also
kidnapped in Iraq around the same time
all of whom are now presumed dead but is
by no means a comprehensive list as we
said at the top the u.s. does not
officially negotiate with terrorists so
a lot of the information on abducted
individuals is kept from the general
public but the problem is very real one
estimate from a Men's Journal article
recently published claims that at least
86 journalists of varying nationalities
have been kidnapped in the past three
years in Syria more than 20 of whom are
still unaccounted for if you'd like to
learn more about Isis and what's going
on in the Middle East please click on
this playlist now and remember we upload
new videos five days a week so please
subscribe
