when a petition to the White House
reaches 100,000 signatures the
administration will eventually issue a
response and one petition calling for a
new law that would require police to
wear cameras while on duty just past
that mark the petition argues that
forcing officers to record their
interaction with the public will deter
things like police brutality racial
profiling and the abuse of power they
also argue that it will hold all parties
within a police investigation
accountable for their actions
eliminating that he said she said type
of questions that can come out of
situations like the killing of Michael
Brown by police in Ferguson Missouri
which is sound reasoning but is there
any evidence of this working in real
life and are there equally valid
arguments against it
well one police force has tested this
approach and they did find positive
results in February 2012 Rialto
California started supplying officers
with cameras they could clip onto their
uniforms at any given time around half
of their active duty officers wore the
cameras they found that in a 12-month
period the department overall had an 88%
decline in the number of complaints
filed against officers and a 60% decline
in the use of force by officers they
also found that officers wearing a
camera were half as likely to use force
than officers not wearing one clear
evidence that police wearing cameras is
a good thing but the sample size was
very small with only about 25 officers
participating in any one 24 hour period
and we can't know what situations would
arise with a nationwide rollout of a
program like this critics could argue
that there are some privacy issues to
consider good footage of your home or
office end up on the news without your
consent what about places where a
reasonable person would have an
expectation of privacy like a bathroom
or locker room could you be recorded
there what about innocent bystanders is
a police action happening around you but
not to you enough justification to
include you in their video would the
video of your arrests become part of the
public record even if you are never
charged with or guilty of a crime there
are also some more big brother-ish
questions that people have considered
would police be allowed to randomly
scour through old video in the hopes of
finding new crimes these are obviously
difficult questions but considering the
current situation in Ferguson and the
extreme amount of misinformation
nation that is coming out about the
killing of Michael Brown some would
argue that increasing the level of
transparency in law enforcement through
advanced technology like digital video
is a tactic worth trying if you'd like
to see more of our videos on Ferguson
and why police are allowed to use lethal
force please click on this playlist now
it will queue those videos up for you
let's look first at when the police are
allowed and not allowed to use lethal
force the Fourth Amendment establishes
the right of the people to be secure in
their persons against unreasonable
searches and seizures and remember we
put out new videos five days a week
please take a moment and subscribe
you
