sri allah we've been hearing about this
all over the place lately it's a
tentpole of the taliban and it's what
Isis wants for Iraq and Syria it's also
used in the legal systems of the United
Arab Emirates but obviously those are
very different groups and situations so
what is Sharia law well there's no set
list of things that are or are not
sharia law in arabic sharia is roughly
translated to pass the watering hole it
refers to a system meant to control
aspects of its followers lives that
includes daily routines familial and
religious obligations and financial
dealings it prescribes punishments but
those punishments don't necessarily have
to be draconian or harsh if the
particular sect of Islam that wrote
those Sharia laws is more focused on
loose interpretations of the Quran then
they wouldn't include things like
stoning or amputation in the vast
majority of Muslim communities an eye
for an eye is seen as an analogy not as
a literal instruction but extremist
groups like Isis and the Taliban have a
more literal interpretation of the Quran
and other teachings so their aversion of
Sharia law includes things like stoning
and the oppression of women like with
all laws it comes down to who is making
the law and how they're enforcing it
when we talk about militant jihadists
it's important to include their desire
for Sharia law in the conversation
because the goal of establishing Sharia
law reveals a lot about these groups the
teaching that these extremists use are
from the 7th and 8th centuries which is
a time when institutionalized slavery
honor killings and the general
oppression of women were the norm so if
a group is taking these teachings
literally then we can expect to see a
lot of human rights violations plus we
know the group wants a legal system with
absolutely no separation of church and
state not only does that give an undue
amount of power to the people in charge
it also creates natural incentives by
which they can restrict freedom of
religion freedom of speech and freedom
of assembly if you want to hear more
about another group that's pushing for
Sharia law go check out our video on
Boko Haram and Nigeria first off their
real name is not Boko Haram that's just
what the local people call them roughly
it means Western education forbidden but
the actual group's name is the
congregation of the people of tradition
for proselytism and jihad
and remember we put up five new videos
every single week so subscribe here for
more test-tube
