lobbyists play a big role in American
politics they get bills passed
politicians elected and national
programs funded but according to a 2013
Gallup poll only six percent of
Americans view lobbyists is honest or
ethical so how is it that one of our
most politically influential groups is
also one of the least trustworthy let's
start by looking at what lobbying
actually is the National Conference of
State Legislators defines lobbying as a
citizen's right to speak freely to
impact decisions and petition the
government and lobbying can be that
simple people or groups petitioning
their representatives to vote for issues
they care about but that's not all
lobbying is it's also big business
carried out by professionals who
register with the government and are
paid by third parties to lobby on their
behalf it sounds ominous but it doesn't
necessarily have to be bad there are
hundreds of examples of professionals
lobbying for things like AIDS prevention
and poverty relief one group named
results successfully lobbied to increase
government funding for child survival by
50 million dollars but of course there
is another side to lobbying as well
between 2008 and 2010 a study of 30
different corporations found that they
spent 476 million dollars on lobbying
and in return received almost 11 billion
dollars in tax rebates some would say
this is a good example of big business
using lobbyists to cheat the system
critics of lobbying also point to
corruption cases like the Jack Abramoff
scandal and increased lobbying by
corporations after major ecological
disasters like the BP oil spill they see
this as evidence that the system is
broken and needs reform so why hasn't
the system changed well politicians have
tried but the benefits of lobbying
typically outweigh the desire for reform
President Obama for example campaigned
for reform while running in 2008 and on
his first day in office he even signed
an executive order restricting lobbyists
from taking certain government positions
which was a good step forward for Lobby
reform but then in 2013 he allowed the
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid who
exist under the executive branch to give
over half a million dollars to a
registered lobbyist to help promote his
Affordable Care Act the fact of the
matter is that lobbying isn't just a
political reality for our elected
officials it can also be a financial
boon according to reports in 2012
half of all retiring congressman became
lobbyists
which makes sense because lobbying is a
three billion dollar a year industry
that former politicians happen to be
uniquely qualified for is the American
lobbying system ready for an overhaul
what are the first steps to reform
please let us know in the comments below
and for another video on the government
click here now to see how much power the
president legally has the Supreme Court
recently ruled that three presidential
appointments were made illegally the
justices unanimously agreed that
President Obama overstepped his powers
which begs the question what powers does
the executive branch actually have
remember we upload new episodes 5 days a
week here on test-tube
so subscribing is the easiest way to see
them all
