major Internet service providers or ISPs
like AT&T Comcast and Verizon would like
nothing more than to end net neutrality
instead of being mired down and
explaining how net neutrality works
let's talk about the consequences of
losing it
well the death of net neutrality affects
your life in its simplest terms yes it
could restrict the site's you're able to
access and take your money
that is why ISPs want to get rid of net
neutrality they want more control over
the web they want a world where people
and companies pay based on the amount
the quality and the type of internet
they use they're arguing that ending net
neutrality could avoid potential traffic
jams and congestion within the system
the companies like Netflix and Google
offer services that eat up more
bandwidth than your average blog or
retail website so why shouldn't Netflix
or Google pay extra to ensure that the
ISPs can handle the extreme amount of
bandwidth while Netflix isn't a
nonprofit organization they have to make
money if they have to pay more you have
to pay more for their service and it
won't stop with Netflix Google Facebook
Yahoo all of these company services eat
up a lot of bandwidth and they'd all be
paying more - which means more ads more
pay sites and less money spent on new
initiatives and free services it also
means that startup costs for new web
sites could go up giving us less to
choose from and hampering innovation and
the ISPs don't have to stop there they
can charge Netflix a premium rate why
can't they charge you a premium rate for
accessing premium sites they could have
a basic package that gives you email i.m
and retail sites for only $10.99 a month
maybe a premium plan that allows
Facebook and Twitter for 29.99
or a Premium Plus plan with Netflix and
HD streaming for only $79.99 and for the
super-rich a Premium Plus unlimited gold
plan that offers the entire internet the
way it was before they killed net
neutrality for only 149 m and they'll
throw in a landline for free because
after seeing what the death of net
neutrality will do to your mobile plan
you're going to need that - there are a
bunch of other reasons to save net
neutrality but if you only need one
safeguarding yourself against price
jacking from companies that love price
jacking is a pretty good one
go to FCC gov slash comments to let the
FCC know what you think about this issue
and if you found this informative please
subscribe remember we put out new videos
five days a week to see our last video
click the box on the right or if you're
feeling spontaneous click the box on the
left to see a random video thanks for
watching test-tube
