as we speak pro-russian separatists are
trying to secede from Ukraine the
Kurdish regional government is trying to
secede from Iraq and Scotland has a vote
scheduled in September that may result
in their seceding from the UK secession
is in the air and it brings up an
important question if the people of a
particular region want to secede why
can't they there are a lot of ways you
could argue this question but the
simplest answer is this dissatisfaction
in a nation's leaders its economy or its
government is not enough to secede you
need much more than that to illustrate
this point let's look at South Sudan and
how they successfully seceded from Sudan
in 2011 Sudan has a history of conflict
between the Muslim majority in the north
and the non-muslim minority in the
sub-saharan south
it was the South that won the right to
secede in 2011 they did this by having
an established cultural group in region
a history of being institutionally
marginalized an independent
representative system of government and
the economic means to establish and
protect their new state without
bankrupting the other state through
secession those last points were under
the Second Sudanese civil war which
ended in a peace agreement that formally
established a representative body for
South Sudan it also created a plan for
oil revenue splitting between north and
south and a plan for federal job sharing
countrywide they also needed to prove
that there was no better alternative to
secession a point well made by 50 plus
years of conflicts and all-out war in
the region even then meeting just those
requirements isn't enough you still need
wide support among your cultural group
and region you need comparable support
from the nation you're leaving and you
need support from the international
community
luckily for South Sudan all of that did
fall into place and on July 9th 2011
they won their right to secede after a
secession referendum was voted on
earlier that month almost 99 percent of
registered voters in South Sudan voted
for secession and almost 58 percent of
registered voters in the North voted for
it as well later that month the UN
officially recognized South Sudan as its
own nation that in a nutshell is what
you need to secede a clear culture and
region a history of being marginalized
an organized government a stable economy
no alternate options for peace
and full support from your group as well
as support from the group here leaving
you also need an endorsement from the
international community as a whole to
see our episode are an issue closer to
home click now to find out how Chicago
ended up with so much gang violence as
of the last official estimate there are
now over 600 different gang factions in
Chicago for all fighting against each
other and they're doing it all over the
city or click the other box to see our
episode on flight mh17 being shot down
over Ukraine
remember we upload new videos five days
a week so please subscribe
you
