the US recently pulled aid from Uganda
in response to their President Yoweri
Museveni making homosexuality a crime
that in some cases is now punishable by
life in prison but outside of thinking
this is terrible I didn't actually know
much else about Uganda until now first
off it's here landlocked in the middle
of Africa it was under British rule from
1894 to 1962 which is a really long time
to be under someone else's control so
needless to say
Uganda's transitioned to self-governance
has not been that smooth the 24 years
after British rule saw numerous military
coos and various regimes the worst being
Idi Amin's nine years serving as
dictator in the 70s where he killed at
least 300,000 Ugandan zand decimated
their economy yes he's the evil dictator
played by Forest Whitaker in The Last
King of Scotland after Idi Amin there
were a few more coos before the current
President Yoweri Museveni took power in
1986 early on Museveni was seen as a
positive step forward for Uganda and was
even named a member of the new
generation of African leaders by the
West this was a buzz worthy term we used
in the 90s for African leaders we
thought would bring democracy basic
human rights and peace to the continent
but that's not really happening
Uganda is currently fighting a civil war
with the Lord's Resistance Army led by
Joseph Kony Kony 2012 famed some of you
may have bought a t-shirt Uganda will
also periodically go to war and invade
the Democratic Republic of Congo and
other nations in the region it doesn't
help that is one of the world's poorest
countries they experience common pre
industrialization problems like child
labor and human trafficking he's
definitely restricting freedom of
assembly and censoring the media but
he's also persecuting political
opponents allowing torture and
extrajudicial killings by security
forces and some say even committing acts
of genocide against the Acholi people
which is a minority group in the
northern part of the country he's
basically doing everything an evil
dictator would do but before he signed
his name to that anti-gay bill the US
was sending a lot of aid his way
and yet it's not a surprise that he did
sign it because Africa is not exactly
the most LGBT friendly place 38 nations
have laws in the books making
homosexuality a crime Uganda has had a
law in place against buggery since the
Imperial British days and for those of
you who don't know buggery is the old
English Way of saying sodomy plus
according to a recent poll 79 percent of
Ugandan think homosexuality is immoral
and a lot of the anti-gay sentiment
stems from the current HIV epidemic in
Uganda but also it does come from
outside forces one particularly vocal
and bigoted outside force American
evangelical Christians evangelical
Christian groups have been going on hate
spreading missions to Uganda for years
most notably a man named Scott lively
ran a seminar there called the seminar
on exposing the homosexuals agenda and
it's been reported that this and other
efforts by evangelical groups including
the kansas-based International House of
Prayer have actually influenced
lawmakers to be more aggressively
homophobic lively is currently being
sued by a Ugandan gay rights group for
inciting the persecution of gay men and
lesbians in Uganda but what do you guys
think should we have pulled eight over
the recent law should we have taken
action a long time ago let me know in
the comments and please click now to see
my video about the Boy Scouts of America
and their difficult stance on
homosexuality it's more complicated than
you think how did we get into this mess
well the BSA started as an all-male
religious movement inspired by a
military model of operations you know a
handbook uniforms the whole shebang
please subscribe to the channel we'll be
putting out new episodes five days a
week
