so full disclosure before we get started
I am an Eagle Scout so when I heard
about the Boy Scouts of America not
allowing gay Scout leaders I had
admittedly an aggressive reaction I
thought they were a bunch of
out-of-touch bigots but then I
remembered that my dad and his friends
were the people who ran the Boy Scouts
in my town those guys weren't bigots
they were just good people who wanted to
do something wholesome with their kids
so who's making decisions like this for
the Boy Scouts there must be some super
conservative tiny group at the top right
a Supreme Council of homophobic bigots
run by a Grand Wizard we blow or
something but that's not how it works
the BSA has a rather large voting
council with everyday people involved so
how did we get into this mess well the
BSA started as an all-male religious
movement inspired by a military model of
operations you know a handbook uniforms
the whole shebang those were the three
things holding this group together
military structure a heteronormative
all-male membership and a belief in God
the twelfth point of the Scout law is to
be reverent so naturally they were
closely tied to both Christianity and
military tradition and that's still the
case today right now 70% of the
chartered scouting units are sponsored
by faith-based organizations which as we
know are not exactly hubs of
open-mindedness and change to achieve
Eagle Scout rank Scouts must get a
recommendation from a religious leader
it's required still the Boy Scouts of
America have their own Council and the
freedom to accept whomever they want and
Scout leaders church be damned so why
haven't they because the roughly 1,400
member council that makes these
decisions hasn't voted on it yet
they did vote in May of 2013 to admit
openly gay youths but they haven't yet
addressed the question of allowing
openly gay Scout masters and they may
not do that any time soon
like the church they are slow moving
when it comes to cultural changes though
they are doing quote-unquote Studies on
the question and even pulled their
membership about it last January that's
the good news the bad news 61% of the
nearly 200,000 people polled are
perfectly okay with the status quo but
that's the thing with the status quo
it's hard to change and until the Boy
Scouts of America and people in general
are down with directly questioning their
status quo well
having out-of-date policy discussions
like this but change always comes and
eventually the BSA will do the right
thing
scouts honor if you found this episode
informative and you want daily videos
from us please subscribe this show is
new we need all the support we can get
if you'd like to see more test-tube
content hit the other box now and we
will call up a video for you thanks for
watching and please let us know in the
comments what you think about this video
or anything else that's on your mind
