Nicaragua is in the midst of its
deadliest unrest since the country's
civil war which ended after decades of
violence and instability in 1990
hundreds have died amid government
crackdowns on protests calling for
President Daniel Ortega to step down you
know any facade on my butt
no no darling combat a note on piano
call Nadia if it I don't the Posada idea
but I come and go and Rafael citizens
activists and journalists alike are
calling attention to the crisis which
they say has been vastly underreported
by Western media one of those people is
deny VHS a Nicaraguan journalist who has
been covering the unrest in the streets
since May we spoke to her from the
capital city of Managua where much of
the violence is taking place she helped
put into context just how bad things
have gotten
I'm Alex this is now this world and in
light of the crisis in Nicaragua were
asking how did the country get here I've
never seen something like this so I
think this is the most important thing
that has happened in this country in the
last 30 years the recent conflict
started in mid-april 2018 when
protesters descended on the capital
protesting the government's failure to
address forest fires that burned through
a protected region in the country a
couple days later
Ortega's government approved a plan that
would slash pension payments and
overhaul the Social Security system new
protests erupted over this plan and
quickly evolved to reflect long seated
frustrations with the government that's
when pro-government groups started
violently cracking down on protesters
leaving at least 25 people dead or take
a rollback the reforms
just days after announcing them it was
too late and people were really mad at
that time they didn't care about their
reform anymore they won they wanted
Ortega to leave for many the issue was
bigger and more deeply rooted it was
about years of corruption
authoritarianism and censorship Ortega
is in the midst of his third consecutive
term as president and fourth term ever
something that wasn't allowed before
2014 when the National Assembly
comprised mostly of Ortega's party
members scrapped term limits in fact the
ruling sandanista National Liberation
Front
controls all branches of government the
army and police and through threats of
censorship and intimidation pockets of
the media he even further consolidated
power by in stating his wife Rosario
moody Oh as vice president in 2016
over the last 40 years experts say
Ortega's rule has transformed
Nicaragua's democracy and protesters
agree they call him dictator all the
time but now they mostly call him a
murderer that's the word that they use a
murderer
Ortega who spent seven years in prison
for bank robbery became president less
than a decade after his release and
spent the following years consolidating
power amid charges of electoral fraud
and creeping authoritarianism and
recently a drop in tourism and Ortega's
overhaul of the social security system
took Nicaragua
from one of the fastest-growing
economies in Central America to
suffering hundreds of millions of
dollars in losses people were ready for
change
over the last two months those calling
for Ortega to resign have been met with
resistance from pro-government
paramilitary forces you see the people
with the mortars and the rocks trying to
run from the bullets and you see the
paramilitaries with ak-47 and Dragunov
the war guns and it's a very unequal
fight Amnesty International recently
reported that Ortega's government is
colluding with these armed groups and
accusing the police of intentionally
allowing perpetrators of violence to
flee the scene the order from the
government the report claims is to quote
sheet to kill the government has denied
any connection to or responsibility for
the killings regional human rights group
the inter-american Commission on Human
Rights has been tracking the violence
and reports that more than 200 people
have been killed and upwards of 1,000
people injured
they've denounced the government's
excessive use of force illegal
detentions censorship of the press and
quote other forms of intimidation
including the deaths of hundreds of
demonstrators as well as several police
officers
a journalist was also killed while
filming a Facebook live I'm not gonna
deny whistle fear I've been running from
bullets during this month that I've been
here like twice and yeah you do feel the
fear when you're in the streets that
something might happen so what does the
future look like for this country
embroiled in crisis there is reason for
hope within the country the Catholic
Church has attempted several times to
act as a peace broker between the two
sides getting as far in mid-june as a
commitment to a ceasefire people don't
believe in the nican I want justice
right now but they do believe in
international justice although the
ceasefire quickly dissolved the church
has stayed committed to calling for
early elections to help put an end to
the violence a similar call has been
repeated by some of the country's most
powerful businessmen and the US State
Department the inter-american Commission
on Human Rights was granted access to
investigate the violence and even the UN
has called for access but Ortega has
indicated that he does not plan to step
down
still people hope that Arteaga could
face international persecution even if
he can't be brought to justice in his
home country vicious says there's a
general sense in the streets that the
international community has forgotten
Nicaragua in a conflict with such high
stakes people are begging for the world
to pay attention so we want to hear from
you is there something going on in your
region that the international community
has largely overlooked please let us
know in the comments and don't forget to
Like and subscribe thanks for watching
now this world
