as of 2017 UK companies with at least
250 employees have to report how much
they're paying men and women on average
and they're not the first from Japan to
Australia to Belgium several nations
around the world have implemented gender
pay gap reporting schemes in the hopes
of holding businesses accountable hey
guys I'm Alex this is now this world and
on this episode we're taking a look at
some of the countries around the world
who are reporting their gender pay gaps
so UK companies release their gender pay
gap stats for the year and the results
weren't so good from the more than
10,000 companies that turned over their
data to the government an analysis
showed women are paid an hourly rate of
9.7 less on average than men but in
certain sectors like finance and banking
that gap is much wider for example at
HSBC the UK's biggest Bank women earn an
average of 59 percent less than men at
the UK branch of Deloitte it was 17%
less Intel 33% less and Goldman Sachs a
whopping 55 point five percent critics
say this reporting scheme is an
imperfect system because some companies
disclosures don't take into account that
men are more likely to be in leadership
and therefore higher paid positions
which skews the average what it's saying
is that that company employs more lower
paid women and it's and it's higher paid
jobs are held by men that doesn't mean
that the companies don't have a problem
but it's important to understand exactly
what it's telling us but higher-ups at
several firms including executives at
Deloitte and Goldman Sachs acknowledge
that the reporting is still shedding
light on some important issues it's
about empowering women to be able to
rise up the ranks within those
organizations
and I think in doing that then we get
more equality some experts say shining
light on the position gap the disparity
of women versus men in positions of
power can also help address the gender
pay gap in 2012 Australia introduced the
workplace gender equality Act requiring
non public employers to release data on
gender composition pay and more in the
years following the country's wage gap
decreased about two percent it's unclear
whether the reporting mandate caused the
pay gap to shrink one Australian
economist argues the shift may have more
to do with the booming economy than
anything else but since the
participation in the reporting scheme
has grown many Australian firms have
publicly released internal goals to help
women advance and shrink their own pay
gaps in 2015
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe a
instituted a law as part of his
economics reform plan affectionately
dubbed Womenomics to help address the
country's large gender wage gap the
third highest in the OECD an
intergovernmental economic organization
of 35 member countries the law which
took full effect in 2016
requires firms with 300 plus employees
to publicly assess and set goals for
promoting and hiring women Ave even
provided government incentives to reward
companies with ambitious plans to
achieve gender parity in 2016
Japan reportedly narrowed its gender
wage gap to an all-time low
since comparable records began in 1976
in Belgium which has one of the lowest
gender pay gaps in the OECD and across
Europe the government has also published
a national gender wage gap report each
year since 2007 and in 2012 Belgium
introduced a law that requires companies
with 50 plus employees to conduct and
publish a gender pay gap analysis every
other year between 2011 and 2016 the
gender pay gap decreased smore than 3%
it's worth mentioning that the u.s.
almost joined the ranks of these
countries and their progressive policy
towards transparent gender pay gap
reporting in 2016 then President Obama
signed a rule requiring big companies to
report gender and salary data to
the Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission but president Trump rolled
back the rule a month before it was set
to take effect arguing the rules were
unnecessarily burdensome for employers
but can reporting on the gender pay gap
actually help close it in the UK it's
too soon to tell but stay tuned because
we'll continue following this issue and
let us know what you think in the
comments good recording and reporting
this information convinced companies to
do better or is it just another burden
