why are protesters in Russia flying
paper planes imagine the US federal
government trying to block a popular
messaging app save facebook Messenger
now imagine Mark Zuckerberg fighting
back on the government then imposing a
blanket ban on a huge portion of the
Internet in retaliation that's what's
happening in Russia right now in recent
weeks Russian officials have been doing
everything within their power to ban
telegram a popular messaging app used by
13 million Russians in their haste to
shut the app down the Russian equivalent
of the FCC blocked 20 million IP
addresses crippling the Russian Internet
they then scaled that back to a mere
ballpark 14 million the IP address ban
and targeting of telegram has led to
mass protests in Moscow and st.
Petersburg where people use paper planes
as a symbol of protest since it's the
logo of the app
but let's rewind a bit what is telegram
and why does the Russian government seem
so eager to block it telegram is a
messaging app that promises privacy and
protection for users against
surveillance by governments or other
parties they do this using encryption
the apple√≠s co-founded by Pavel Durov
who's often called Russia's Mark
Zuckerberg and his brother Nikolai they
released it in 2013 in the wake of
Edward Snowden's revelations about mass
surveillance in the United States but
before telegram Pavel Durov was already
a well-known internet entrepreneur he
also founded the Russian social network
via contact which translates to in
contact in a move that Zuckerberg would
likely respect
Durov his brother and their team
designed it to look a lot like Facebook
VK launched in 2006 two years after
Facebook and became wildly popular in
Russia very quickly they now claim to
have over 460 million active users
worldwide and they're the most popular
social media website in Russia this all
attracted the attention of the Russian
government in 2011 they sent in der of a
formal request to block political
opposition accounts on the platform
Durov refused to comply instead he
tweeted and posted on his VK page this
cheeky image of a dog in a hoodie with
his time hanging out as his official
response presumably to persuade Durov
further a SWAT team was dispatched to
his front door when he wouldn't answer
the door
the SWAT team retreated but the meddling
from the Russian government didn't stop
there
they continued to increase pressure
against harav and over the next two
years a fight unfolded over control of
DK shares of the company were bought and
sold and Durov eventually sold his own
controlling stake in the company by
April 2014
Durov announced his resignation from VK
via his profile page and decided to
leave Russia rather than face more
harassment from authorities he now has
citizenship and st. kitts and nevis an
island country in the West Indies and he
travels the world
Durov told the New York Times that was
during the infamous 2011 SWAT raid
that he realized he had no secure means
of communicating with his brother and
quote that sound telegram started after
Snowden leaked the documents showing how
widespread and coordinated surveillance
was among government agencies and
telecoms in the u.s. telegrams userbase
exploded and it continued to explode
with the news that Facebook had acquired
rival messenger whatsapp in an interview
with TechCrunch in 2014 Durov said the
number one reason for me to support and
help launch telegram was to build a
means of communication that can't be
accessed by the Russian security
agencies so for many years now
Durov and the Russian government have
had quite the adversarial relationship
this at least partially explains why
they're selectively going after telegram
and it's a relatively small base of 200
million monthly active users when
competing apps like whatsapp have over
1.5 billion monthly active users also in
Russia passed some pretty stringent
anti-terrorism laws that have broad
definitions that allows them to crack
down on social media and the internet
they have since used those laws to drag
telegram into a legal fight the KGB
successor Russia's Federal Security
Service or FSB claimed in court that
they need the ability to access all data
on the platform to defend the nation
against terrorist attacks in practice
they want the ability to read users
encrypted messages on telegram and they
got a Russian court to approve it and a
short hearing that lasted all of 18
minutes now there has been a fair bit of
controversy over reports that Isis uses
telegram to communicate Durov has shut
down public Isis channels in the past
but said he would not mess with the
privacy settings or hand any encryption
keys over to governments so that Russian
equivalent of the FCC I mentioned
earlier the Roskam nods or attempted to
shut down all of the redundant IP
addresses that provide access to the
telegram app so far this effort has shut
down a lot of the Russian internet but
it has not achieved its goal of shutting
down telegram
that's forward to Paper Planes recently
I spoke with Russian journalist Alexei
Kovalev
to break down the implications of what's
happening for us he's the managing
editor of Russian news site' coda are
you calm one ironic thing that he
mentioned is that Russian government
officials actually used telegram
themselves he talked about why that
happens and explains why they're trying
to ban it anyway anyone who's anyone in
Russia has a telegram account which is
why this ban was so hypocritical in the
first place the government is trying to
ban telegram but has instituted a
blanket ban on many many websites
including coda story and even some of
their own Alexei tells us about the
reaction to that inside Russia it would
be fair to say that the Roscommon azure
is the least popular agency in russia
right now it's a disaster a very rough
estimate the the loss of revenue over
this three weeks is about 1 billion
bucks so that's a lot they managed to
take their own website of line so it's
safe to say that they botched the whole
thing completely I also asked Alexei
what durov's reputation is like among
the Russian public since he hasn't lived
there in a number of years everyone who
uses contacts or telegram and that
dozens of millions of people to them by
Eldora was a hero the Russian state
television the propaganda has been
portraying him as this someone who's
basically aiding and abetting terrorism
and he talked to us about what he thinks
is going to happen next and what we
should be paying attention to some
people most actually are celebrating
this as a major victory in its
incompetence but I've spoken to a few
people and they are not quite as
optimistic because that's how Russian
government works
never forgets anything and then forgives
so it remains to be seen who will win in
the fight between telegram and the
Russian government
the biggest obstacle may not actually be
drove but the Russian people a good
portion of whom seem wholly unwilling to
sacrifice their privacy should private
companies hand over user information
when government's requested let us know
what you think in the comments and for
more episodes of the Russia desk check
out this playlist
