let's talk about the c-word collusion
the word collusion started dominating
the conversation around the Trump
presidency
shortly after he was inaugurated
generally it means secret agreement or
cooperation between two parties
especially for an illegal or deceitful
purpose but in this context it means a
possible secret agreement or cooperation
between the Trump campaign team and
Russian actors in order to help him win
the presidency there's a lot of
skepticism and confusion out there
regarding Trump and the Russian
collusion story it's a complicated story
with a lot of unreliable narrators but
there are basic underlying facts to the
story and that's what we want to focus
on in this episode President Trump has
tweeted constantly and with regularity
but there is no collusion and nothing at
all to the Russia story where he's
concerned
a majority of Americans however disagree
with that and want to know more
according to polls that show that they
have little trust and Trump's denials
there is majority support for the
special counsels independent
investigation into these ties so what
are the actual facts the Center for
American Progress a progressive think
tank has a research arm that's put
together the Moscow project an
exhaustive and comprehensive look at all
of the business connections between the
Trump Organization and Russian
individuals dating back to the 1990s and
they have a timeline of events that
helps put everything in perspective max
Bergman is the director of the Moscow
project he formerly worked at the US
State Department his policy and research
background are a big part of this
project and you'll hear from him shortly
outside of the question of political
collusion there hasn't been a ton of
mainstream discussion about what the
financial connections actually are
between team Trump and Russian oligarchs
you're going to get an in-depth look
that outlines who the key players are
from his American business partners to
the multiple officials from the Russian
and post-soviet sphere who lent money to
Trump business dealings
we know it's confusing the Moscow
project has put together a handy
presentation guide so you can follow
along you're also going to hear from
Dianna pilipenko the associate director
for anti-corruption and an illicit
finance for the project
prior to joining this team Diana worked
for a major accounting firm doing
corporate investigations focusing on
issues of corruption in Eastern Europe
make sure you stick around after the
presentations and let us know your
thoughts in the comments while you're
watching we're going to be following up
with questions about what we know so far
and trying to make sense of this whole
thing thank you guys for watching now
this
Thank You versa thank you now this for
having us what we hope to do today is to
give you a better sense of the Trump
Russia scandal to try to make it make
sense now if you're following the
scandal it's easy to get lost in the
weeds it's a little bit like we're
standing just a few inches back from a
Monet painting or some classic
impressionist painting where you can see
all the brushstrokes but you don't
actually know what the painting is in
unless you take a step back and so we
are gonna try to take a step back to try
to explain what the big picture is here
and we think it is a rather simple story
it's a story of a businessman who is
trying to curry favor with his foreign
investors it's about a foreign
government the Russian government trying
to strike back at the United States and
ultimately it's about a political
campaign willing to do whatever it takes
to win and I think what some a good
starting point is actually after the
election on January 6th of 2017 is when
the US intelligence community issued a
unanimous report in this report told us
that there were in fact two campaigns to
elect Donald Trump that there was the
Trump campaign to elect Donald Trump and
there was a Russian campaign to elect
Donald Trump that the Russians in fact
ran a political campaign to influence
the US election and so to believe there
was no collusion what you have to
believe is these two campaigns operated
entirely independently that there was no
connection between them there was a
bright line but then what we found out
over the over the coming past year or so
is that there was constant meetings and
contacts between these two campaigns so
what we're gonna try to do in this
presentation is to try to explain this
at times this can seem like something
out of a bad spy novel but to really
understand this story you need to go
back to the beginnings of Donald Trump's
businesses and to look at the
connections that developed between
Donald Trump and the Russians and with
that I'm going to turn it over to my
colleague Deana
as you know Donald Trump has
consistently maintained that he has no
business in Russia however there is now
overwhelming evidence to suggest that
Russia has business and Donald Trump not
only has Russian money helped fuel his
comeback from multiple bankruptcies in
the 90s but it has also sustained him
during the global financial crisis when
he continued building both domestically
and abroad various individuals and
Trump's orbit including his own children
have commented on the vast amounts of
Russian money that's tied up in their
assets
we of course have this famous quote from
Don Jr from September 2008 that says
Russians make up a disproportionate
cross-section of a lot of our assets not
only is the source of the statement
critical but also the timing September
2008 is right as the global financial
crisis is setting in Lehman Brothers
filed for bankruptcy right around this
time and so while others are losing
money
Trump organization sees money pouring in
and so every story has a beginning and
the story of Trump and Russia begins
with money in the 1990s and well into
2000 the Trump Organization is
hemorrhaging money
in 1990 it is three point four billion
dollars in debt Trump is personally
liable for over eight hundred million
again in 1995 Trump declares a billion
dollars on his income in losses on his
income tax returns on two other
occasions in 2004 in 2009 the Trump
hotels and Casino resort's files for
bankruptcy and we can go to the next
slide please after the second bankruptcy
in 2009 Trump Trump steps down as the
chairman of this organization and so
because of these repeated business
failures traditional Wall Street banks
refused to lend Trump money in fact
bankers coin a term the Donald risk when
explaining their aversion to doing
business with him and yet he continues
to build project after project from the
1990s well into 2000s and so the
question arises how is somebody able to
simultaneously confront multiple
bankruptcies Wall Street stigma and yet
continue to build the answers we see it
is in part
from financing and development
assistance done by companies from linked
to Russia in the former Soviet Union
this is a mutually beneficial
relationship in the 1990s just as the
Soviet Union fell apart there emerges an
oligarch class a handful of savvy
businessmen buy up state-owned assets
for a fraction of their cost and so
there's this private wealth creation
immense immense wealth is amassed in yet
the country itself remains incredibly
volatile both politically and
economically and so these new newly
minted wealthy elites look for safe
harbours outside of the country to park
their money at this time we see that
foreign real estate really emerges as
one of the preferred means to store to
store their newly found wealth and so
much capital flight goes into cities
like London New York Miami and Trump
someone who's down on his luck
financially sees this as a way to get
back on his on his feet in 1998 for
instance in August Russia declares
defaults on 40 billion dollars in debt
the ruble plummets the economy is on the
verge of collapse of collapse and so
there is this capital flight about a
month or so later Trump breaks ground on
Trump World Tower in Manhattan by 2004
we know that a third of the premium
units are occupied and are sold to LLC's
and individuals linked to Russia and the
former Soviet Union and this is
according to investigative reporters who
have meticulously documented these sales
and so this cultivation of the Russian
consumer continues well beyond the 90s
into 2000s we see this from various
statements from individuals like Sergei
Milian who's commented that the business
between Trump and Russia has amounted to
hundreds of thousands of dollars there's
also the purchase of the palm beach
property by Dmitry d'urberville in
nineteen in 2008 and so we see this the
Trump Organization in essence sees the
Russian consumer as a way to circumvent
the traditional banks and we can go to
the next slide for another quote from
Eric Trump who in essence says the
Russian buyers now are the best
consumers
and so with the banks not willing to
lend to the Trump Organization this sort
of new market that emerges for them is
is very fortuitous and so because of the
dynamic that emerges we begin to
scrutinize the various developments that
the Trump Organization has undertaken
Trump Soho in particular raises nearly
50 floors of questions this is a
development that was financed largely by
the bay rock group a company with
offices in the Trump Tower the Bieber
group was started by multiple
individuals from the former Soviet Union
including Sofia Reef and one of the
executives of the group is somebody that
we're all familiar with Felix aider this
this was an interesting project and
there were many allegations swirling
around the the sources of finance that
went into building of the tower but not
only are we looking at who is financing
the projects but also who's buying the
individual units and with what intent a
notable example is Victor Jara Poona
he's a former Kazakh government official
a one-time mayor of Almaty he was
accused of stealing state assets and
laundering the money through high-end
real estate including by purchasing
three units in Trump Soho for three
million dollars so Hera Bruno of course
has denied allegations of wrongdoing and
the related cases are currently ongoing
in New York and California courts
perhaps the most troubling connection to
come out of the Trump Soho Development
is Felix aider as I mentioned he was an
executive with the bay rock group and
also Trump's long-term business
associate
Felix aider of course is the same
individual that attempted to help Trump
build a world Trump Tower in Moscow
along with his childhood friend Michael
Cohen as late as 2015 when Trump was
already on the presidential campaign
trail
Felix cedar is also the same individual
who has also tried to set up a
back-channel discussion between Michael
Flynn then national security adviser and
a pro-kremlin Ukrainian politician also
with the help of Michael Cohen the topic
of the discussion
among other things the lifting of
sanctions against Russia and so in an
individual like Felix Seder we see
somebody who seamlessly transitions from
a long term long term business associate
to somebody who inserts himself into the
campaign as well as the transition and
somebody who in essence
tries to affect policymaking in this
relationship then underscores the the
need to continually probe the
long-standing business relationships
that Trump has had as colorful as Trump
Soho is it's not the only development
that lays bare some of these troubling
connections but also influx of Russian
money that's used to sustain the
developments there's also Trump Toronto
this project was also largely financed
and developed by an individual by
Alexander Schneider a commodities trader
from the former Soviet Union when the
project encountered significant
financial difficulty there was an
interesting transaction that helped
continue that helped fuel the building
of the project in essence of National
Bank a Russian state-owned Bank
purchased a stake in a sniper's company
for 850 million dollars and this in turn
provided him with cash to continue
building the tower and as you will
recall Vnesheconombank is the same Bank
the head of which met with Jared Kushner
during the transition of course the
story is to why the meeting took place
diverged according to Kushner this was
merely a diplomatic meet and greet
according to the National Bank which put
out an official statement this was the
meeting was to discuss the Kushner
company's central to the narrative are
also developments abroad particularly in
Central Asia
we have towers in Georgia and Azerbaijan
that have been undertaken by the Trump
Organization and here too we have stayed
connected oligarchs money with
questionable provenance various
investigative reporters including Adam
Davidson of The New Yorker have done a
phenomenal job of exploring these
projects looking into the red flags and
potential ways the dealings there could
have tripped u.s. laws including the
Foreign Corrupt Practice
there's one other project I will
highlight and that's the Panama Trump
Ocean Club Global Witness a non-profit
NGO recently did a report that outlined
vast scale alleged money laundering that
was taking place through that property
what's also interesting there is it's in
Panama and you wouldn't necessarily
think of Russian money in a Panama
Panamanian poverty however the report
has also outlined that the main
consumers that were sort of drawn to
this project wore Russian buyers the
brokers for the project were mostly from
the former Soviet Union and they
specifically catered to the Russian
market both in Panama but also abroad in
the United States and Canada in Russia
and so this this theme of Russian money
sustaining John properties continues on
abroad so we talked quite a bit about
Russia's Trump's financial connections
to Russia in the former Soviet Union and
this merely touches the tip of the
iceberg why is this all important well
when we speak about Russian money abroad
when we talk about the oligarchs we are
also talking about the Russian state and
the Kremlin we know that Putin has
consolidated power over the Russian
oligarchy and it's business elites and
in effect they become an extension of
the state and so when we're talking
about Russian money and Trump's Paula
interrupts in trumps properties we also
need to understand what the parallel
Kremlin strategy is and with that Max
will come back and talk to you about the
Kremlin strategy
thanks Tiana critical to understanding
Russian strategy is to understand the
thought process of Vladimir Putin Putin
from you know when he was a little boy
had wanted to be an intelligence
operative he wanted to join the KGB and
he achieved that dream in in fact in
1989 when the Berlin Wall fell something
that we think sort of brought you know
freedom you know to Eastern Europe Putin
was actually a KGB station officer in
Dresden in East Germany and here you
this was I think a critical critical to
understanding Putin's outlook because
what happened there was you know one was
the fall of the Berlin Wall effectively
meant that the Putin's job was in doubt
that the Soviet Union collapsed
something he called the greatest
geopolitical tragedy he was forced to go
back to st. Petersburg and when the KGB
downsized he lost his job so democratic
revolution liberal movements what that
means to Putin is in fact in effect
chaos and disorder and it hurt him
personally and then he looks at what
happened to Russia in the 1990s where it
was chaos and disorder so when Putin
comes to power in 2000 he's trying to
consolidate his control over the Russian
state and while he's doing this there's
also liberal uprisings that are taking
place throughout the former Soviet Union
in Ukraine they have the Orange
Revolution in 2004 in Georgia they have
the Rose Revolution in 2003 and Putin
sees these as direct threats to his own
power he's trying to consolidate control
and if there's this liberal democracy
that is emerging in Ukraine or in
Georgia then that could serve as an
inspiration for people to take to the
streets and to overthrow him in Moscow
and in 2011 Putin's worst nightmare
seems to be coming true that there is a
fraudulent parliamentary a parliamentary
election and then people start to take
to the streets in Saint Petersburg and
Moscow and then Secretary of State
Hillary Hillary Clinton comes out and
says that the u.s. government has
serious concerns about the Russian
election calls them fraudulent Putin
then directly sort of blames her in the
United States for being behind these
these uprisings these revolutions and so
we start to see Putin
start to really his attitudes towards
America his sense the u.s. is trying to
undermine him really take hold but the
straw that really breaks the camel's
back is in 2014 and in 2014 there's the
Maidan revolution this is where people
take to the streets in Kiev 202 to oust
and to remove the the Kremlin linked
President Viktor Yanukovych now this
uprising this revolution really strikes
a chord with Putin fall immediately
following Viktor Yanukovych fleeing
fleeing Ukraine Putin seizes Crimea and
the US for US and Europe respond by
putting sanctions on on Russia now for
the United States in Europe this was an
effort to try to punish Russia and to
say hey stop doing to stop these actions
change your behavior but for Russia they
really saw this as the beginning of a
new Cold War as the big the gloves
needed to come off and so what does
Putin do an old KGB operative we brushes
off the KGB playbook he starts to first
of all in invest in developing groups
and in far right and far left political
movements political parties that can
sort of sow discord in the West that can
upset the political balance so we have
the marine lepen the National Front in
France of the the far-right and when we
saw in the French elections in 2017 that
marine lepen
even traveled to to Putin to Moscow to
meet with Putin just weeks before the
election and that her campaign was
allegedly even funded in part by loans
from a Russian bank but then even trying
to sow discord with with some groups
that are or you know don't have a lot of
a chance of succeeding the Texas
nationalist movement the yes California
secessionist groups here in the United
States that they're trying to sort of
sow discord this is sort of a venture
capitalist strategy to alt-right and alt
left political movements and the second
thing we see is that using the hola darc
network using the corruption using the
the wealth that Russia is created
through its gas and oil to serve as a
lover of corruption the this great
report from the Center for Strategic and
International Studies which came out in
October of 2016 by a former Bush
administration official the crime
playbook outlines how the Russians
operate in Eastern Europe to undermine
democracy they're trying to corrode it
corrupt it from the inside in the third
thing is that the Russians look to
exploit the new online information
environment this is you know the sitting
up troll Farms in st. Petersburg using
their cyber hackers to hack into
president into political campaigns and
into organizations all over the world
and there's one key quote from cyber
security advisor to President Putin who
says that you think we're living in 2016
no we're living in 1948 because this is
when the Soviet Union had its first
atomic bomb test and then he went on and
warned warned us that we are on the
verge of having something the
information arena which will allow us to
talk to the Americans as equals this is
in January of 2016 and two years later
we now know what he was talking about so
before moving on to the next part of our
presentation we're going to take some of
your questions we're gonna be back with
versa and Deanna thank you guys so much
for a great presentation so far we do
have some more to go but we wanted to
take some of your questions we've been
watching the comments as we've been
going along and we know you guys have
been following this story for some time
so max you were just talking about cyber
threats obviously this was an issue in
the 2016 election but now looking
forward to the 2018 election that's a
common concern with our viewers what
should we be looking out for well I
think we need to look out for the same
things that we saw in the 2016 election
that Russia has this immense ability
immense cyber capability they have an
ability to hack in the accounts of
political candidates of their campaigns
and they could do the same thing hack
those candidates get emails and then
leak those emails release them through
through WikiLeaks or other organizations
like that and so I think that is a real
concern we also know that Russia still
has troll farms they still have BOTS
that are operating online they're trying
to sort of pollute our political
discourse I think that's something that
the American public is now sort of more
alok to but it is something that is a
real concern that they can still cause
mischief in our in our dialogue and our
discourse you've given this presentation
to some news organizations on Capitol
Hill to other policymakers is that a
real concern you're hearing from that
community do you feel like they're
preparing for it or do you feel like
we're perhaps not as prepared as we
should be no it's a real concern we're
definitely not as prepared as we should
be the the cybersecurity of many members
and their campaigns on the hill is not
up to where it should be
they're you know they're still operating
old technology and so getting new
technology making sure that that
candidates and and their and their just
their polit in our politicians requires
resources it requires Congress to devote
money so that they have the the
cybersecurity tools that they need to
protect themselves and so I owe a number
of people on the hill that I've heard
from are are concerned about their
susceptibility to Russian hacking or not
not even just Russian hacking but
hacking by foreign governments by even
by companies that are seeking to always
gain more information gain more
intelligence so it's a real problem
right so going back to Trump's finances
because there's so much to unpack there
you've pieced together a pretty complete
picture already just based on what's out
there but how much would the release of
Trump's tax returns help shed light on
this issue it is there a lot that we
still don't know because we haven't seen
them or what's the role that they play
in all of this yes we certainly there's
still quite a bit that we don't know the
Trump Organization is a private entity
it's not publicly traded it's not it
doesn't have shareholders a board of
directors so they don't have to make as
many disclosures to let's say the
Securities and Exchange Commission so
there's still there are large gaps in
terms of what we know about the sources
of income and so for for Trump as well
you know the tax returns would
potentially show if there are foreign
bacon
bank accounts if there are foreign
sources of funds that are going into him
and the organization and so I think the
release of the tax returns would in fact
help us build out a larger a better
picture of what's happening in terms of
the finances and who
he may be beholden to do you have any
hope that we'll see them in the next
couple of years or do you think this is
something that there needs to be enough
public support in order to get Congress
to make a move on this or do you think
it's really just up to Trump well I
think it depends what happens in
November in the November elections and I
think if Democrats take power I think
there'll be a move to subpoena is his
tax returns and and I think then you
know we should be able to see what Trump
has been hiding all this time okay one
of the slides that stood out to me was
the Donald risk and talking about what
he was like to work with in the 90s and
the known risks that were associated
with him so even after that why did
people continue to work with the Trump
Organization that was just you know one
of the questions I had how was he able
to keep making deals so with the the
traditional banks as we discuss Citi
Citigroup JPMorgan Chase they learned
their lesson after several bankruptcies
and after projects have gone bust
they've sort of they knew to stay away
however Trump was always creative about
finding alternative means of finance and
we see this pivot especially in the
mid-2000s to foreign licensing deals
where in essence he doesn't have to
provide financing but there were still
individuals especially in foreign
countries that were excited by the
prospect of building at Trump Tower
Trump's name remit retained its cachet
abroad and in some pieces and so that
you know people it was a means for them
to build a glitzy tower in newly
capitalized countries if you will there
was still kind of this this aspect of
consumerism and Trump was the the kind
of embodiment of glitz and glamour and
so we see his his business taking a
shift to a more of licensing deals that
he was able to continue to do and so for
that he didn't need the banks to to lend
him money to actually build the towers
right all right so I think we've got a
little more to go max is gonna bring it
all together for us and then we're gonna
wrap up by taking even more questions so
keep letting us know what you think in
the comments and Max you wanna give us a
little preview of this final act yeah so
now we're going to sort of bring take
their Trump's business connections with
Russia Russian strategy and bring that
together both before the election during
the election and then immediately after
and try to tie it all together
okay so let's bring Trump's business
ties to Russia Russian foreign policy
strategy let's try to bring those two
together now I think it's important to
remember that Donald Trump when Barack
Obama was running for president and then
immediately afterwards actually said
very nice things about Barack Obama he
said he's totally a champion that was as
late as 2010 yet then a year later in
2011 Donald Trump is at the forefront of
the birther movement birtherism now what
is birtherism now birtherism is a
conspiracy theory that effectively calls
into question the very legitimacy of US
democracy it's saying that Barack Obama
wasn't born in the America and therefore
is an illegitimate president now this
pushing this conspiracy theory you know
Donald Trump's a guy with a vast Twitter
following that he's a he's a media star
would be like sending a red signal flare
to the Russians that here's someone
pushing the exact sort of narrative that
they would want to cultivate now it's
also I think worth noting that in 2011
is when Christopher steel in his dossier
notes that alleges that this is that
this is when the Russians seek to
develop a relationship with Donald Trump
this is actually one of the biggest
allegations in the entire dossier in
steel sites for different sources that
say that for at least five years so in
starting in 2011 that the Russians came
to trump and tried to develop a
relationship now what were the Russians
allegedly interested in that the
information that Trump had well the
comings and goings of rich Russians in
Donald Trump's property they had all the
all these Russians investing in Trump
Trump's properties and so the Russians
wanted to keep tab tabs on on what the
comings and goings of these Russian oil
guards now we don't know if that's true
but that's one of the most significant
allegations and steel sites for
different stores sources one of whom was
actually believed to be killed on
December 26th 2016 a former Russian
intelligence figure so that is something
that the US government would definitely
be looking to explore further but in
November 2013 is when we sort of see
these you know Donald Trump's businesses
and Donald Trump as a budding politician
start to converge
he brings us a Miss Universe pageant to
Moscow and there he rubs elbows with
Kremlin linked oligarchs and and senior
Russian officials and then he has a
meetings and dinners with a number of
figures that are we're going to see
again at that now infamous June 9th
meeting in Trump Tower in 2016 the Miss
Universe pageant is is paid for and
brought to Moscow by Arase gala off a
major Kremlin oligarch Trump films a
music video for his son Amina Gaurav
he's the guy that reaches out to Donald
Trump jr. in June of 2016
he Donald Trump films that music video
and now the boardroom of that infamous
ritz-carlton hotel and then after the
Miss Universe pageant Donald Trump comes
back to America he holds has interviews
and held a press conference and give us
a speech where he says that he had a
great time and had a great connection
with Vladimir Putin says he spoke
directly or indirectly with Vladimir
Putin so let's go to the election now
we've often heard a lot about the C word
collusion
now collusion is a word that doesn't
really have a defined legal meeting it's
really secret cooperation for an illegal
deceitful purpose and I think what we'll
see throughout the election is that
there was a lot of collusion that there
was a constant sort of interaction
meetings between a Russian campaign to
elect Donald Trump and the Trump
campaign we oftentimes think that this
all sort of began with that now infamous
June 9th meeting but in fact what we
through press reporting it's it's become
clear that there was a lot of contacts
and interactions between Russian
intelligence figures and Trump
associates going back into 2015 that
there's reporting that British French
Dutch German Estonian a Polish
intelligence all picked up on meetings
and contacts between Trump associates
and in the Russians and that goes back
into 2015 and why does 2015 matter well
that's before any of these any before
many people were on the campaign that
was when Trump was running in the
primary and it was basically just him
running running sort of a campaign about
getting you know where he tried to get
free media attention was doing constant
so if there's people meeting with the
Russians it's likely someone very close
to Trump we also have to remember that
during the primary the Trump was one of
sixteen candidates and he's the only one
to actually say positive things about
Vladimir Putin now Trump is a Republican
presidential candidate and here he is
saying very positive things about
environment Putin it was unheard of in
the foreign policy world the Republicans
are the ones that are supposed to be
hawkish on Russia and here Trump is
advocating a pro engagement line with
the Russians and then we also learned
that at this time Michael Cohen Felix
aider are actively trying to get Trump a
Trump Tower built in Moscow wild Trump
is adhering to this very Pro Putin
positive line on Russia so then in
February March of 2016 is when I think
this this really all starts to come
together now we have to remember that in
February
Trump suddenly started to win primaries
and caucuses he wins three out of the
four in in February he has a big primary
day on March 1st where he basically
sweeps the field and so at this point
this is when it seems like the Russians
basically go all-in and what we know is
that from the intelligence community
report of that I mentioned earlier this
is when the Russians actively start
their online effort to support Donald
Trump this is also when the Russians
hack John Podesta Z mail account in in
March in March of 2016 and then suddenly
we see Donald Trump looking like he's
going to be the Republican nominee and
he has to start building out his
campaign and this is when we now see all
these Russia linked figures joining the
campaign we have Carter page joining as
a foreign policy advisor now Carter page
just a few years earlier was being
actively recruited by Russian
intelligence in fact the FBI in a sting
operation bugged a binder which two
Russian agents brought into the Russian
embassy where they're overheard talking
about Carter page and one of the things
they say about him is he showed great
enthusiasm and here Carter page is
joining the Trump campaign in March of
2016 another figure George papadopolis
who was basically unheard of he's you
know in his in his mid-20s joins the
campaign as a four
policy advisor and then we have Michael
Flynn who Michael Flynn just a few
months earlier was actually at the table
sitting next to Vladimir Putin at this
arty gala and we now know was getting
paid by Russian government sources for
consulting work and for other activities
and then there's Paul Manafort Paul
Manafort who has came on who volunteered
to join the campaign who was you know a
few years earlier was one of the closest
political advisors to Viktor Yanukovych
that Ukrainian pro-kremlin president who
had to flee in disgrace no mana fort has
vast ties to Russia vast ties to the
Kremlin enjoins as the campaign chairman
in March of 2016 and then after March
then suddenly we see all these meetings
in contacts between Trump campaign
officials and and in criminal linked
officials and then this brings us to the
June 9th meeting this now infamous
meeting and it's important to remember
this begins with an email on from a
representative of a Russian oligarch
saying that the Russian government has
damaging information on Hillary Clinton
has dirt on Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump Jr's response is not to go to the
FBI about that but it's to say if if it
is what I think it is I would love it
and then what does he do he immediately
works to set up the meeting he sets up
the meeting within a week and not only
does he attend but he brings the
campaign chairman Paul Manafort and
Jared Kushner now the Russian side is
sort of an Ocean's eleven of cast of
cast of characters
there's Natalya vessel lanskaya the
Russian government lawyer there's
someone that has alleged connections to
Russian intelligence and alleged money
launderer
all are participating in this meeting
and what this meeting shows the
important thing about this meeting is
that it shows that the Trump campaign
was willing to collude with the Russians
they wanted to know what dirt the
Russians had on Hillary Clinton they
were eager to get it and it looks like
the Russians were also eager to provide
it so we have had in this meeting we've
established the will to collude this
meeting is collusion is
Kirt meeting for an illegal or deceitful
purpose the Russian providing dirt on
Hillary Clinton is illegal it's against
federal election law but one question we
need to ask ourselves now that we know
that they're willing to collude to what
end how deep does the collusion go and
so this is where we sometimes need to
speculate we need to say okay if you
were running a camp political campaign
and we're willing to accept Russia's
help a foreign governments held what how
could the Russians actually help you
well one is through opposition research
and this is a quote from Marco Rubio who
noted that imagine being able to benefit
from basically the the capabilities of a
Russian of a rush of a state entity with
their vast cyber cyber capabilities they
could hack your opponent then they could
leak it and this is exactly what we saw
so you know to go back we know that John
Podesta Z mails the Clinton campaign
chairman was hacked in March of 2016 we
know the Russians reached out to this
guy George papadopolis to say hey we
have this dirt on Hillary Clinton we
have we've hacked their campaign in
Papadopoulos then and we know this
through the molar indictments of
Papadopoulos then inform senior people
in the campaign that they had the
Russians have dirt on Hillary Clinton we
then know that Roger stone knew in
August that John Podesta's email had
been hacked he said John Podesta 'he's
time in the barrel is coming but desta
has no idea at this point in August of
2016 that his emails been hacked we also
know that the Trump campaign had a
back-channel to Julian Assange we know
that there was direct messages being
exchanged between Donald Trump jr. in
the WikiLeaks account now we then have
to look at the timing of the release of
all of this now WikiLeaks is a is you
know supposed to be a nonprofit
organization now if you're a nonprofit
organization you're looking to get the
most bang for your for your buck when
releasing when having a big release one
thing you probably wouldn't do is then
release it on a Friday afternoon in
October and one thing you probably
definitely win too is then release it 29
minutes after the biggest bombshell over
the election on October 7th at 4:03 p.m.
this is when the Access Hollywood tape
is released and then 29 minutes later we
have WikiLeaks
releasing John Podesta Z mail the first
tranche of the of those emails it sure
looks like WikiLeaks wasn't operating
according to a timeline that suits their
interest but was operating it according
to a timeline that would suit the Trump
campaign and then the next thing we know
is that the Trump campaign basically
based their final month of the campaign
on the WikiLeaks emails Trump mentioned
in 164 times in the last month of the
campaign that's five times the day so he
based his strategy it seemingly around
the release of John Podesta Z mails the
big question that is left unanswered is
did did the Trump campaign actually get
those emails ahead of time and did they
coordinate up on the release of those
emails and so the other way that the
Russians could help the Trump campaign
is through communication support and
this we basically know happened this is
where the use of Russian bots to sow
discord in our electorate to pollute our
public discourse but also to attack
Hillary Clinton viciously to pollute
pro-hillary tash hashtags to infiltrate
you know groups of Bernie Sanders
supporters to try to cause a cause
discord and amongst amongst the
Democratic base another way that the
Russians could have a fried support is
through money now we know campaigns
always need money and one of the things
that the more investigation is
reportedly looking into is whether the
Russians funneled money into into the
campaign now they could have done that
through buying ads on Facebook which we
know they did through the internet
research agency but this is where the
whole NRA story comes in this is where
McClatchy has reported that the more
investigation is looking into whether
whether the Russians basically funneled
money into the NRA that they could then
use for political purposes and we know
the NRA spent about three times as much
to support Donald Trump as they did Mitt
Romney during the 2016 election there's
likely gonna be a lot more investigation
on this front so to pull this all
together you know one question that's
often raised is well what are the
Russians getting out of this well one
thing is that the Russians are trying to
sow discord in American politics
remember Vladimir Putin sort of blames
hillary clinton for those protests in
but so one of the signals that the Trump
campaign might have sent to the Russians
to say hey we will be good stewards of
Russia policy will try to engage and be
supportive of engagement with Russia is
they could actually just tell them that
and that's exactly what happened when
Carter page Trump's foreign policy
adviser went to Moscow to give a big
speech that was highly touted by the
Kremlin that here's a Republican adviser
to a Republican president saying very
pro-kremlin things that speech could
have been written by the Kremlin itself
it adhere to their their talking points
so closely that would have sent a clear
signal to the Kremlin that's something
that they would have really been
interested in the other thing is that
you could water down the Republican
platform that the Republican platform
that one of the major arguments that
Republicans were making against the
Obama administration is that the bomb in
astray ssin refused to provide lethal
weapons to you core to to Ukraine and
that was the major Republican attack
from the Republicans on the hill to the
administration yet the only thing they
changed during the republican party
platform in the convention is they strip
out that language they take out that
language and that would have sent a
clear signal to Moscow that's something
that Russian diplomats you know look at
these these sort of this text very
closely and would say yes they took out
that language and then what we see is
that immediately that at the Republican
National Convention that there's another
meeting that takes place up here there's
a meeting with Sergey kis lyac the
Russian ambassador goes to the
Republican convention now it's not
unusual for ambassadors to go to
political conventions but kiss Lea
doesn't go to the Democratic convention
and then this is a meeting that that the
all those involved lie about they say
that never occurred and then we know
that two days after this that that's
when the WikiLeaks publishes its first
batch of stolen DNC emails they hacked
the Democratic National Committee and
they released those emails time to cause
this to sow discord within the
Democratic Party and the US government
immediately says that the Russians were
behind this and yet Donald Trump the
next day calls on Russia to do more
hacking to find Hillary Clinton's 30,000
emails
they can continue to hack the claim
campaign so then in the aftermath of the
election what we see is immediately
Russian diplomats actually sort of
spiking the football one Russian
diplomat says of course there were
meetings there was context we were in
touch with it with the Trump team and I
think what's important understand is the
Russians actually didn't think Donald
Trump was gonna win you know I don't
think Donald Trump thought he was going
to win it's but what they were trying to
do was sort of sow discord throughout
the election to try to build up Trump as
a political force but then immediately
after he wins they're trying to you know
what looks like trying to take advantage
of it so there's a meeting on December
1st between ambassador kis lyac and
Jared Kushner and Mike Flynn then a
couple weeks later Sergei Gourcuff comes
to Trump Tower this is the head of this
big Russian bank where he has a meeting
with Jared Kushner and what's important
all these meetings were covered up they
lied about all these meetings that these
meetings aren't nefarious and why are
you lying about it and then and then we
have at the end of the month
ambassador kis lyac and Mike Flynn
having five phone calls now this
happened in mediate immediately after
the Obama administration sanctioned a
number of Russian individuals evicted a
number of Russian diplomats and there's
a phone calls between kiss lyac and
flynn they have five of them now what
happened on these phone calls we still
don't know we still don't know what was
talked about but well we know that the
the content was so concerning that the
then Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates
pointed to the underlying conduct and
that this prompted cell Yates to then
say we need to have the FBI go interview
Mike Flynn and then what happens is that
Putin doesn't retaliate he doesn't
respond to these sanctions now what
never makes any sense about all of this
is that if you know why would Mike Flynn
lie about this it it doesn't quite make
sense because if you're trying to get
Russia not to sanction United States
that's in the interest of the United
States yep Flynn never makes that
argument he just said that they
initially that we they weren't talking
about sanctions sanctions never came up
but of course we know they did come up
and then the story is that Flynn is
fired because he lied to the vice
president but
now been become clear that Flynn was
coordinating what he was saying with
Mauro alga with the people that were
based there so there's a lot more to
unpack about what happened around these
five phone calls then we know that
there's this bizarre meeting in the
Seychelles involving Erik Prince acting
as a representative of the Trump
transition team to reportedly establish
a back-channel with the Russians this
involves a number of figures from the
UAE some of which will then lead to the
mower investigation sort of spinning
into what looks like now a corruption
investigation but then on January 20th
when Trump's coming into office what
becomes clear as the Trump
administration is looking to get rid of
Russia sanctions now the sanctions that
the Obama administration put in place in
2014 we're very harmful to the Russian
economy the Russians were trying to get
out from under them again and again and
again they were trying to sort of divide
Europe but here the Trump can't the
Trump transition team comes into office
and tries to get rid of them but they're
stopped and one of the reason why is
they're stopped is because there was a
huge uproar about what was happening and
members of Congress were were were
really concerned about the Trump
administration would get rid of Russia
sanctions and so they passed their own
Russia sanctions legislation something
the administration has opposed again and
again and again and failed to
effectively implement so to wrap up we
know there's a web of connections
between Trump campaign officials and
Trump himself and Russian grip
government officials we know that there
were at least 70 contacts in 22 meetings
during the campaign in the transition
between the Trump Trump team and the
Russian government linked officials and
we know that there's been at least 22
indictments that Trump's campaign
manager has been indicted his national
security adviser drums deputy campaign
manager and a member of his foreign
policy team Papadopoulos and that these
people have pled guilty and we also know
that there's been a vast cover-up in
place that they've lied about all these
meetings about all these contacts again
and again and again so where we are I
think is a story that is actually quite
simple
this is about a campaign that was
willing to do whatever it took to
try to win to get a leg up on its
opponent and was willing to work with
whoever whoever came along and here's a
country in Russia that was looking to
strike back at Hillary Clinton strike
back at the United States so discord in
the United States and saw in Trump
someone they could work with and someone
that was pushing their sort of alt-right
extremist brand of politics that they
wanted to push and so this is this isn't
some you know this isn't doesn't require
vitamin Putin have sort of advanced
knowledge this is about interest
converging the interests of a business
the interests of a government and the
interests of a campaign all converging
into a perfect storm in the 2016
election so I know we've thrown a ton of
information at you we're gonna burst
it's gonna come back Diana's gonna come
back and we're gonna take some of your
questions and we're gonna sort of unpack
some of the some of what we just talked
about all right so we're in the final
stretch here we're just again taking
some of your questions and comments and
I've got some questions for you guys
myself again this has been such a
helpful informative presentation so
thank you one thing I do want to address
is that the Center for American Progress
was founded by John Podesta back in 2003
he was obviously a key player in the
2016 campaign he was a victim of the
hacks himself so how do you deal with
any accusations of possible bias in your
research in this project well I think
you know Podesta who created cap and
then as the chairman of the board was
just something he's clearly concerned
about this is something the entire
organization was clearly concerned about
which was the Russian interference in
the election and so because of that
concern it spawned this project I think
if you we weren't as concerned about it
we probably wouldn't have this project
in looking into it so I think it's it's
you know his interest that he him being
a victim of this project but I think
more broadly that this was a that the
United States was was attacked and that
there's a need to look into what
happened and need to really get to the
bottom of it
and yeah I think he may have felt it a
bit more acutely than than many
Americans but this was something I think
that there was a clear sense that we
really need to look into what happened
and to get to the bottom it so we
prevent it from happening
and having worked in the US government
yourself can you talk a little bit about
how rare or how common it is for there
to be consensus and the intelligence
community about something like this so I
think it's not altogether rare you know
especially when there's a big event and
everyone sort of on the same page what
was rare in this case is that it had
just happened and that this was not
something US intelligence community was
really focused on they weren't focused
on Russia during the 2016 election the
same way they have been on terrorism for
instance after in the years after 9/11
so this sort of caught every there was
sort of a whiplash in the US
intelligence community but there was
unanimity partly because the Russians
weren't interested in hiding their
tracks that the Russians were very clear
on letting the u.s. know that they did
this they did the hacking of the DNC
during Russian business hours they left
Cyrillic characters all over the hacking
and why because they wanted to leave a
calling card so it was quite obvious
what had happened from from an
intelligence standpoint and they they
then could go back and look it and all
the data all the information they had in
the story was quite clear and I think
that's why we have the Union enemy of
the intelligence community that we did
with that report in January of 2017 okay
so you've got into the detail about a
lot of the finances a lot of the
political connections and meetings the
big picture that I think a lot of our
viewers and a lot of Americans just want
to know is a was there collusion B will
trump get in any legal trouble for it
and see why is this a big deal because
we do also have Fox News going on the
offense right and saying well if there
was collusion who really cares doesn't
matter yeah so what's your take on this
so I think a there definitely was
collusion the June 9th meeting is just
straight up collision there's a secret
meeting for an illegal or deceitful
purpose and I think the question is
whether he will be held accountable it
is dependent on the Moller investigation
I think it looks it's clear that the
more investigation is pulling thread
after thread and the lead after lead and
it's essential that that investigation
be allowed to continue
and then whether then if the Moller
investigation finds out what we think is
pretty clear that there
collusion and that Trump was clearly
knew about it since he's the one who ran
his own campaign then the question about
whether he's held accountable is really
a pun dependent on the American public
you know Congress is responsive to the
American people it's about then Congress
stepping up and doing what it needs to
do which is hold the president
accountable now maybe the molar
investigation will fall short of
improving certain things but this is
Congress's role will then become a
parent and this will be a major test of
US democracy of our institutions and
whether rule of law in the United States
still is gonna still stand
dianna the Muller investigation has
gotten a lot of credit for following the
money and going after me and for it
going after the business associates in
your experience do you feel like they're
pulling all of the right threads in the
right order what's your kind of take on
like how this investigation has evolved
I think I think mall is doing a great
job based on what we've seen from the
indictments you you mentioned men
affords and the issues that he's
pursuing are many right so there is
issues a money-laundering potential
corruption and so I think it is very
important because the the questions that
are raised go beyond collusion and
coordination with a foreign power we're
looking back decade some some of the
relationships that become troubling in
in the course of the campaign have
started very early on and so I think
they are their approach is very
comprehensive
that said white-collar crimes financial
crimes are notoriously difficult to
prove and to investigate and so but
based on what we've seen to date I think
there the investigation has been very
meticulous and will turn out quite a bit
so what happens if Muller gets fired so
what happened if moore gets fired I mean
this is that's sort of how democracy
dies in effect you know we've seen lots
of other test cases around the world
where one of the first things that goes
with the democracy is the independent
judiciary the independent is the rule of
law and so if Trump fires Muller someone
who's we know is investigating him
and his associates and his family and
his organization in his campaign it it
will it it will be a real test case for
what for us democracy then what what do
we do as a response as citizens what
does Congress do but you know if more is
fired they're still going to be people
at the FBI that are gonna have leads to
investigate and so the hope is that that
we'll be able to continue but I think
it's then dependent it's you know
incumbent upon the American people to
make it known that that's unacceptable
so speaking of famous firings were
coming up on almost a year since Trump
hired James Comey which was similar to
what you're saying in a lot of ways it
was a test case it was a big moment for
democracy he's now going on a book tour
is there anything in his book that
you've read or from his recent press
interviews that adds to any of this or
is it kind of everything that we already
knew which is Trump a went on national
television after he fired Comey and said
he did it to obstruct the investigation
well I think what's interesting is that
everything Comey is said about Trump has
been borne out by the release of the
memos that he wrote the simultaneous
memos and reports that he then sent to
his colleagues after meeting with the
President and what becomes clear is that
Trump was obsessed with trying to get
rid of this or this investigation wanted
to make sure that Comey wasn't going to
investigate him pressured him put on the
charm and you know Comey documented all
that it's all clear and the person who's
lying is clearly the President of the
United States not not James Comey and I
think the other thing that comes out of
his book is I think Comey actually
botched two investigations in 2016 he
botched the the Clinton email
investigation by inserting himself into
the US politics at the very end by by
holding that press conference that was
really intended you know to in some ways
show that his conservative critics that
that he was independent but then he also
botched the Russian investigation just
days before the election the FBI
basically put out told the New York
Times that there was no investigation
into Donald Trump we now know that
wasn't true and so I think the American
people went to vote with with incomplete
information and it was a mistake on the
part of James Comey to make one thing
public and not the other and I think he
feels badly about that and I think that
comes through in his book but I think
the history is going to judge him for
that
so you mentioned the steel dossier and
the presentation we know not everything
in that dossier has been verified though
a lot of it has been so what are some of
the other sources of information that
you've pulled together for this project
and for your research so you know we've
looked I mean there's been as we all
know a ton of press reporting and so you
know that was sort of one-one you know
basic challenge was actually just
keeping up with all the press reporting
that has taken place and then
remembering reporting that had occurred
during the election and then even
reporting that occurred you know in 2017
the other thing that we've looked at is
just looking at analyzing Russian
foreign policy strategy that was
something that I often had to look at
when I was in government in basing our
assessments in our calculations and our
and our on what we've seen Russia do in
the past what we've seen Russia do in
Eastern Europe and so some of the the
think-tank reports that I've cited other
academic work and then you know you can
talk and talk about some of the
financial side of this yes so on the
subject of following the money we're
also trying to be comprehensive we have
analysts who are fluent in Russian who
are very versed in navigating Russian
public records so corporate corporate
records so we can look into certain
companies who are the shareholders
directors and establish connections that
way so we try to amplify our the public
reporting that's been done with also
original research and primary source
information so based on your research do
you think they're what do you think is
the most damning part of the research or
the investigation or do you feel like it
is everything together you know I think
everything together because it's
actually a fairly simple story and so I
think yes we you know I think if right
now we discovered that there was this
meeting in Trump Tower between Donald
Trump jr. and Paul Manafort and the
Russians it would be you know I think it
would convince everyone yes collision
occurred but we actually heard that
a year ago I just think that we as a
public and as a country we're still you
know grappling with with this whole
story and I you know I think that is an
incredibly damning but also just some
basic factual things that we know we
know we know Roger stone had an advanced
warning of john podesta z mails being
hacked and so there's a lot of tidbits
of information that all sort of add up
to really something that's really
damning I think the final thing is just
all the lying all the you know all the
cover-up yeah you know if you have a
meeting with the Russian ambassador now
maybe you could say you know if you're
Jeff Sessions and you had what a meeting
with a Russian ambassador and you you
know didn't want to disclose it because
it would be politically damaging you
said no I didn't have this meeting well
then if that got exposed you would then
say oh you know okay I admit to having
that meeting but then you would think
you were too real the other meetings
that you had had but what we see from
there make time and time again is like
no we just had that meeting that's it
there was no others and then there's
another meeting and there's another
meeting another meeting why are they
lying about all these meetings and
they're acting guilty and I think that
is one of the things that is just at the
core of this is that we know the
Russians were interfering in our
election we know the Trump campaign and
Trump associates are lying about it
again and again and again and the
question is why and it's quite obvious
because they're hiding something and
from my perspective I focus on financial
malfeasance I focus on issues of
corruption conflicts of interest and so
the pattern that has been established of
troubling both projects but also
business partnerships is in my son's
very damning we have someone who is on
the presidential campaign trail and at
the same time trying to build a tower in
Moscow and you know the conflicts of
interest that sort of are laid there and
some of these interactions are pretty
incredible and so I think that's added
with the interactions with the
government linked operatives kind of
brings this picture together I think
that's an important point because I
think the finances and the conflicts of
interest have kind of played second
fiddle and the headlines but it is an
equally damning part of the
investigation and everything that we
know all right thank you guys so much
again how can people follow your updates
as the investigation continues and as
your work continues
okay you can go to our website the
Moscow project org or follow us on
Twitter
Twitter at Moscow underscore project
awesome thank you guys for watching now
this stay tuned - now this politics the
Russia desk and the Moscow project for
more
you
