on April 8th 2018 an attack in Syria
shocked the world footage from the
aftermath of the incident showed men
women and children desperately gasping
for air and being posed down with water
by first responders a scene that is
often associated with chemical weapons
attacks but chemical weapons are illegal
and have been banned globally since 1925
when the international community came
together and signed a treaty called the
Geneva Protocol but despite them being
banned it hasn't prevented some world
leaders from using these brutal weapons
that gives people I'm Judah with now
this world and in today's episode we're
looking back at six world leaders who
have used chemical weapons since the
signing of the Geneva Protocol in 1925
the first use of chemical weapons after
they were internationally banned was by
Italy's fascist dictator Benito
Mussolini after he invaded Ethiopia in
1935 Mussolini launched an attack on the
ethiopian empire from its den colony
Eritrea an Italian Somaliland Mussolini
was determined to expand his empire at
any cost even if that meant going
against the Geneva Protocol his country
had signed on to in 1928 the Italians
used chemical weapons including dropping
mustard bombs and spraying mustard from
airplane tanks according to the
Ethiopian Emperor at the time Haile
Selassie the chemical weapons killed
tens of thousands of people the next use
happened following Imperial Japan's
invasion of China and 1937 during the
second sino-japanese war
Japanese Emperor Hirohito reportedly
signed off on the use of chemical and
biological weapons against Chinese
soldiers and civilians as he tried to
expand his control onto mainland China
it's estimated that Japan conducted
between 1,000 to 3,000 attacks and
reportedly produced five to seven
million munitions containing chemical
agents like hydrogen cyanide and mustard
there is no official count on how many
people died as a result of these
chemical weapons but an estimated
300,000 people died during the period of
this war the effects of the use and
abandonment of chemical weapons in China
still reverberate to this day after the
war a treaty signed in 1997 stipulated
that the Japanese government is
responsible for cleaning up the weapons
left behind
the next case was Adolf Hitler's use of
chemical gases beginning in 1941 while
he didn't use the banned weapons in the
battlefield he did use them in Nazi
concentration camps to kill prisoners
during the Holocaust a banned chemical
agent known as zyklon-b
was used in concentration camp
facilities disguised as showers to kill
prisoners during Hitler's brutal
campaign of ethnic cleansing up to six
million Jews were murdered and totalled
during the Holocaust Egyptian President
Gamal Abdel Nasser also used chemical
weapons in Yemen when Egypt intervened
in the country's civil war in 1963 the
war known as the North iam and civil war
began in 1962 after the death of the
country's came when power was handed
down to his son dissidents within the
military staged a coup overthrowing the
monarchy and established a republic
military forces loyal to the former king
retreated to the north of the country
and continued to fight the new
Republican forces Egypt was one of the
few regional states that back the new
government in Yemen as Nasser attempted
to partner with other Arab nationalist
under Nasser's leadership Egypt used
brutal tactics to crack down on the
royalist forces the nation repeatedly
used chemical weapons including mustard
and nerve agents between 1963 and 1967
the move made him the first Arab leader
to use the banned weapons the next world
leader to use chemical weapons was a
rocky leader Saddam Hussein and at least
two separate occasions the first came
during the iraq-iran war that began in
1980 just months after the war began
Saddam Hussein reportedly used his home
produced chemical weapons against
Iranian forces he reportedly used the
banned weapons repeatedly against Iran
between 1980 and 1987 then in 1988 he
aimed his chemical weapons against
another group Iraqi Kurds on March 16th
1988 he dropped chemical weapons
including mustard gas and sarin on the
Kurdish town of Halabja the attack
killed between 3,200 to 5,000 people
Hussein also used the weapons against
the Kurds again during what was known as
the unfallen civ which was a seven month
scorched earth campaign where fifty
thousand to a hundred thousand Kurds
were killed or disappeared Bashar
al-assad will become the next leader to
use chemical weapons in August 2013
during the height of the Syrian civil
war the attack targeted opposition
groups who controlled the town near the
country's capital United Nations
inspectors confirm the use of a nerve
agent including sarin gas in the attack
that reportedly killed nearly 1,500
people while a number of governments and
international organizations say there is
overwhelming evidence the Syrian
government was behind this attack Assad
still denies his government was
responsible
throughout the Syrian civil war Assad's
government has been repeatedly accused
of using chemical weapons on opposition
strongholds most recently in April 2000
18 after world war 1 world leaders
recognized just how brutal chemical
weapons were and signed a treaty to
outlaw their use but how and who is
responsible for enforcing the laws
remains unclear so what will it take for
the world to move beyond denouncing
these brutal acts and take actions to
make sure no one uses them again let me
know what you think in the comments
below
