Mariela Franco was a rising political
star in Brazil she was an activist the
only black woman to serve on Rio de
Janeiro's current city council and a
fierce critic of government corruption
she was known for her infectious smile
colorful head raps and strong advocacy
for poor black people she was a symbol
of hope to many marginalized communities
in Brazil who have felt left out of
politics for decades and on March 14th
the 38 year old Franco was tragically
assassinated hey guys I'm versa and
today we're taking a closer look at the
life career an early death of Rio
Councilwoman Mariela Franco Franco who
was born Mariela Francisco da Silva was
from humble beginnings she was born in
1979 and moire a favela in northern Rio
surrounded by two very powerful gangs
and a paramilitary group
Mauri ranks as one of the worst slums in
Rio in terms of life expectancy
education and per-capita income so
Franco would have to defy the odds in
order to make it out she started working
at age 11 in order to help her parents
pay for her school Franco's sister
Agnelli Silva recalled that they grew up
constantly witnessing violence they
sometimes miss school due to shootouts
and at other times had to walk past a
bodies laying in the street she said in
an interview it was these types of
experiences that shaped Franco's
ambitions to make it out of the favela
and her passions for human rights at 19
years old
Franco became a single mother giving
birth to her only daughter but she also
continued working toward her goals she
enrolled in a free college prep course
at the moiré Center for studies and
solidarity action which aimed to teach
young people from the favelas how they
could improve their neighborhoods
this led her to one of Brazil's elite
universities the Catholic University of
Rio de Janeiro which she attended on a
scholarship
even though 54.9% of brazil's population
consider themselves a black or mixed
race
Franco was one of the only two black
students
the University during this period while
there franco balanced being a mother and
working as a preschool teacher who was
making minimum wage
it was around this time that one of her
best friends was killed by a stray
bullet during the shootout between a
local gang and police forces that's when
her focus shifted and she was inspired
to become a human rights activist Franco
went on to earn her degree in social
sciences but now she had a new directive
now driven to effect change
Franco started working for more human
rights and civil society organizations
in Brazil she became one of the most
notable members of Brazil's new
left-wing party the party of socialism
and Liberty during this time Franco
earned her master's degree while also
taking up a leadership role in the Human
Rights Commission of Rio's Legislative
Assembly here she worked alongside
Marcello Frei show who was someone who
also spoke out against the involvement
of police and militias and paramilitary
groups in Rio
Franco's rise in politics coincided with
Rio's rise in violence a big part of her
popularity was due to her approach to
this issue publicly speaking out against
what she saw as the corrupt factors and
inequality that contributed to the
violence in 2016 after ten years of
working in the Human Rights Commission
Franco felt that she could have a
greater impact in public office so she
ran for a seat on the Rio de Janeiro
City Council that in and of itself was a
radical act because even though more
than 50 percent of Brazilians identify
as black or mixed-race most politicians
including the current president of
Brazil Michel temer and the majority of
his cabinet or white men Franco on the
other hand was a black queer feminist
woman from a favela and she used this to
her advantage she ran a campaign where
she championed causes that reflected her
life experiences she defended human
rights she was a fearless advocate for
the rights of all afro-brazilians lgbtq+
people women single mothers and poor
communities
she also rallied against police violence
in the favelas not only did she win but
her issues proved to be very popular
Franco actually received the fifth
highest vote total of more than 1500
candidates running for City Council she
was the only black woman to serve on
council which is made up of 51 seats as
soon as she took office and with her
goals firmly in sight Franco started
working on women's rights and issues
affecting favelas while she was chair of
the women's Defense Commission she also
fought for lgbtq+ rights and continued
to be fearless leave ocol about police
brutality Rio has one of the deadliest
police forces in the world and the
victims of that violence are often young
black men and women according to a
Brazilian think-tank and 2016 925 people
were killed during police operations and
human rights groups think that number
climbed to over 1,000 deaths and 2017
this violence is what led President
Tamar to declare in February 2018 that
he was handing over control of Rio's
public security to the military giving
them quote vast powers to secure order
that decision marked the first time
there's been a federal intervention in
the state since the 1980s when Brazil
became a democracy again after 21 years
of a military regime Tamera's decision
was an extremely controversial one and
Franco strongly disagreed with it she
said a move like this failed to address
the root causes of violence in Rio and
had the potential to make the situation
even worse empowering military forces to
crack down on what they considered
disorderly neighborhoods
Franco was then appointed to a
commission that would monitor how the
federal intervention was going which was
a position that she wouldn't hold for
long while serving on the Commission she
continued to bring public attention to
police brutality and a tweet from her
account on march 13th 2018 she said
quote another homicide of a young man
that could be credited to the police
matthäus Melo was leaving church when he
was killed how many others will have to
die for this war the end the next day
March 14th franco attended an event
called young black women moving power
structures before leaving the event she
told them we have to occupy every place
with our bodies urging them to continue
getting involved and seeking justice in
a cruel twist of fate it was after
leaving this event about empowering
black women and raising the voices of
the marginalized that Franco was gunned
down in
her car along with her driver Anderson
Pedro Gomez her press officer who was in
the backseat suffered injuries but
survived the timing and execution of
this attack have raised suspicions about
who could be behind it as it came only
one day after Franco sent that tweet
blaming police for the death of a young
black man the nature of the
assassination also appears to be
targeted the killers were able to pull
up next to her car which had tinted
windows and fire four shots directly at
Franco they fired nine shots total local
news reports say Franco was killed by
people who were tracking her movements
but no one has yet been taken into
custody the police chief has said no
motive has been established bullets from
the crime scene were reportedly traced
back to being purchased by the Federal
Police in 2006 though federal
authorities are apparently working with
local police on the investigation
president Tamara said the killing was an
affront to the rule of law and an
affront to democracy the president has
since used her death as a way of
defending his decision to militarize Rio
Amnesty International has called for a
full investigation into Franco's death
but it's important to note that brink
owes death can't just simply be
attributed to violence in Rio many
believe Mariela Franco was targeted
because she was political they say she
died because she was an outspoken black
feminist who used her voice to fight for
the rights of women lgbtq+ people and
the favela residents who have to endure
constant violence inflicted by Rios
police force on the community now that
Franco's voice has been silenced
prematurely and tragically many
thousands of people around the world are
making sure that she is not forgotten
there has been an outpouring of support
and grief over Franco's murder with
thousands of people especially black
women marching and mourning in the
streets of Brazil thousands of rallied
outside of Rio's legislature demanding
an independent investigation into her
death so now the world waits to see if
the Brazilian government will bring
those involved to justice
