three quarters of global arms sales come
from just five countries so we wanted to
know what are these countries and why
are they world leaders in producing
weapons well unsurprisingly the country
responsible for the largest number of
sales all so far out spends the rest of
the world in defense the United States
from 2011 to 2015 the u.s. comprised a
full one-third of global arms exports
according to the Stockholm International
Peace Research Institute six of the top
eight largest defense industry companies
in the world are based in the US with
the largest Lockheed Martin seeing
roughly eighty percent of its sales from
arms manufacturing and defense although
the amount of weapons sales has been
rising they're largely based on
multibillion-dollar arrangements with
countries like Qatar South Korea and
Saudi Arabia which have enormous defence
budgets roughly ten percent of US sales
are to Saudi Arabia which is often
controversial as the country has been
accused of human rights abuses and even
sponsoring terrorism on the other side
of the world Russia comes in as the
second largest supplier of weapons
accounting for roughly a quarter of
global sales Russia also has the second
most powerful military in the world and
the Russian military itself has
significantly increased weapons
purchases from its own domestic arms
manufacturers infamous for popularizing
the ak-47 these arms and defense
manufacturers are estimated to make up
1/5 of the entire Russian manufacturing
workforce while nearly 40% of Russia's
weapons exports go to India which is the
single largest importer of weapons in
the world one of the other biggest
importers of Russian weapons is also the
third largest exporter China according
to sip reach China accounted for nearly
6 percent of the global arms trade from
2011 to 2015 but a full two thirds of
its weapons originated in Russia and
this trend has been consistent since the
post-soviet era began China is able to
receive advanced
deadly weapons from Russia and in light
of unrest in Russia and growing tensions
in the South China Sea the sale of
weapons between the two countries helped
solidify support for both according to
the Economist while China pads its own
military with Russian arms it actually
sells the weapons it produces to roughly
35 low and middle-income countries but
China pales in comparison to Russia and
the US which together make up more than
half of the world's arms sales France
Germany and the UK are also frequently
mentioned as massive arms producers but
they each only produce about four and a
half to five and a half percent of the
global market billions are spent on
weapons every year and as long as
conflict around the world continues
there's little chance that these
countries will direct their efforts
anywhere but arms we can't do episodes
like this without our sponsors and this
episode is brought to you by domain.com
if you're an entrepreneur innovator or
building a small business domain.com is
the place to go when that next great
idea hits you
domain.com is reliable and easy to use
get 20% off domain coms already
affordable domain names and web hosting
when you use coupon code seeker at
checkout when you think domain names
think domain.com there are only a few
massive weapons producers on earth but a
ton of countries on the other side
buying those weapons so which countries
are importing the most weapons find out
in this video according to the Stockholm
International Peace Research Institute
the global total for military
expenditures in 2014 was roughly 1.7
trillion dollars making up more than 2%
of the entire world's GDP that's nearly
two hundred and fifty dollars for every
person on earth there are nearly 900
million small arms and light weapons
estimated in circulation and almost 1
million small arms alone produced
annually thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for more videos every day
