since the 1960s the kingdom of Cambodia
has been in crisis the country's pseudo
Democratic system has been no match for
its authoritarian government and the
population is one of the poorest in the
region recent decades have seen war
genocide and invasion and some
historians blame none other than the
United States for the country's many
tragedies so why does Cambodia hate the
US well Cambodia's long-term struggle
largely stems from their involvement or
really lack of involvement during the
Cold War
while Communists backed by the Soviet
Union and anti-communists backed by the
United States fought for control in
Vietnam Cambodia declared itself neutral
but it's government allowed Vietnamese
communists to use the border region as a
supply route and safe zone which proved
to be a huge mistake why well at the
time the Vietnam War was incredibly
unpopular in the United States and it
was viewed as an ideological war not one
that would benefit Americans by the time
Richard Nixon took office in 1969 the US
was already in the process of
withdrawing troops from the conflict and
had scaled back bombing in the region
but Nixon and his national security
advisor Henry Kissinger were committed
to prolonging the war in hopes of
defeating the Communists they sought to
find another way to keep fighting
without a heavy presence in Vietnam and
without making it seem as though they
were ramping up military operations
their solution was to effectively hijack
the United States military and secretly
and illegally bombed Vietnamese forces
hiding in Cambodia a country with which
the US was not at war operation menu the
first of two major bombing campaigns was
even kept secret from Congress according
to an expose by New York Times writer
Seymour Hersh in order to accomplish
this Kissinger and high-ranking military
members created fake flight plans for
bombers in Vietnam and then destroyed
all evidence of their actual bombing
targets in Cambodia they even allegedly
used a specially designated furnace to
destroy records according to testimony
from the head of American military
operations in Vietnam from 1969 to 1973
the u.s. dropped half a million tons of
bombs on Cambodia killing more than a
hundred thousand civilians overall the
u.s. dropped 6 million tons of bombs on
Southeast Asia
which decimated the region and forged
extreme resentment against
anti-communist forces many historians
believe that this resentment created a
power vacuum for a disruptive and deadly
regime to seize power in Cambodia the
Khmer Rouge was just that a militant
regime violently seeking power they
emerged from the very same North
Vietnamese communist forces the u.s. had
been trying to disrupt just two years
after the end of the secretive bombing
raids the Khmer Rouge began a Cambodian
genocide from 1975 to 1979 they killed
between one and a half and three million
civilians or about 25% of the population
the u.s. is illegal bombing campaign
never quite saw the same level of
coverage as the concurrent watergate
scandal that took down Richard Nixon
ironically before the bombing was
revealed Kissinger even received a Nobel
Peace Prize for bringing peace to
Vietnam he actually attempted to return
the prize two years later when communist
forces ultimately took over Vietnam
today opinion on Kissinger is split
between seeing him as a war criminal
versus a powerful foreign policy leader
although relations have somewhat
normalized since the 1970s the deadly
history between the u.s. and Cambodia
has left a dark stain on America's
reputation and the Cambodian population
while there's plenty of debate as to the
influence and extent of the u.s. as
illegal actions the lasting scars of war
remain another country where the United
States covertly attempted to eliminate
communism was Venezuela and today
Venezuela is devolving into a
dictatorship check out this video to
learn about what exactly is going on in
the South American country and thanks
for watching now this world don't forget
to Like and subscribe for more episodes
every week
