president Donald Trump has repeatedly
asserted that his net worth is well over
ten billion dollars but in 2017 Forbes
released their annual list of
billionaires and Donald Trump had
dropped 220 spots in the ranking coming
in as the 540 fourth richest person in
the world for years the president's
claims of wealth have been viewed with
extreme skepticism and in light of his
most recent depreciated valuation we
wanted to know just how much money does
president Trump really have well one of
the reasons that Trump's wealth is so
difficult to calculate is that he is
extremely secretive about his finances
he is the first president in four
decades to refuse to release his tax
returns which would clearly state his
personal and business income how much he
pays in taxes whether or not he controls
foreign assets and whether or not he
pays taxes to foreign governments
instead President Trump has released
several financial disclosure forms which
claimed an income of roughly half a
billion dollars per year however
financial analysts were quick to point
out that this figure is an actually
income but revenue from Trump's
businesses according to a breakdown in
Fortune magazine this figure does not
include what Trump pays and salaries
interest and any other business expenses
that would significantly affect his
valuation most conservative estimates
pegged his pre-tax income closer to 160
million dollars that's a figure used by
The Wall Street Journal in mid-2016
additionally his own disclosures show
that while the president claims to have
roughly 10 billion dollars his actual
liquid assets are closer to 250 million
but for many billionaires that's not
uncommon as a majority of their money is
used for investments and in Trump's case
a lot of real estate this is where his
multi-billion dollar valuation is
difficult to nail down according to
forbes 40 percent of donald trump's
fortune is tied up in Trump Tower and
eight buildings that are within 1 mile
of it all of these buildings are
privately owned and so their real-world
appraisal is not based on a market
valuation
another problem is that much of the
president's financial self-worth is
based on the value of his own name
both of these are impossible to
accurately peg even for Trump himself
although he claims that his brand alone
is worth billions so how do groups like
Forbes fortune and Bloomberg put out
estimates of trumps net worth in short
analysts use financial disclosures by
the businesses themselves to figure out
their actual revenue and income these
publications also compare similar
businesses and real estate holdings to
project what Trump's assets might
actually be worth
although these appraisals vary
significantly both Bloomberg and Forbes
have estimated Trump's net worth to be
between three point five and four
billion dollars with most appraisals
agreeing with this valuation that's
slightly more than a third of his
claimed net worth of over 10 billion as
the country's first billionaire
president who got his start with a
self-described small loan of 1 million
dollars from his father there is no
question that Donald Trump is an
incredibly wealthy figure but as with
other aspects of his image the president
is almost certainly exaggerating his
worth in the United States President
Trump has been met with polarizing
opinions from both sides of the
political spectrum but what is the rest
of the world think of our wealthiest
president find out in this video to the
right thanks for watching now this world
and please make sure to LIKE and
subscribe for more videos like this
every week
