hey everybody I'm Joel Suzdal civ and we
haven't seen each other in a few months
frankly I think we owe you an
explanation so if you've wanted to know
what's been going on with this channel
and where we're going from here don't
worry we've got good news I've been
writing and hosting this show for years
ever since we were called test-tube and
we haven't forgotten where we came from
we love our audience all one-and-a-half
million of you you made us who we are
you gave us a voice and we hate the idea
that you're not getting what you signed
up for last year when Seger merged with
nowThis we wanted to pair our biggest
news show with our biggest news network
- let us collaborate share across
platforms and focus entirely on
producing high-quality video but as soon
as the changeover happened well you'll
let us know how you felt about it and we
heard you loud and clear so for the last
four months we've been working hard to
bring you what you've been asking for
and today I'm incredibly proud to
announce that we're back not only are
you going to see comprehensive
explainers every week about powerful
countries which of them love and hate
each other and how governments economies
and ideologies work around the world but
we're also going to do more and go
deeper as a proud part of the now this
newsroom just with a new name now this
world
we heard you we miss you and we're so
excited to be back - what made us who we
are so stay tuned and please let us know
in the comments what topics you've
missed that you want us to cover and
I'll see you all very soon right here on
now this world
