since the beginning of the 20th century
roughly half of the world's rainforests
have been wiped out and by the end of
the 21st century rainforests may go
extinct altogether you may think it's
just a few plants and animals that will
suffer but modern global society relies
on rainforests more than you might
realize
the loss of this dense biodiversity
could lead to sickness poverty even war
so what would a post rainforest world
look like well first it's important to
understand why the rainforest is
disappearing globally over the last 40
years an area possibly the size of
Europe has been cleared and repurposed
for commercial use in some cases the
land is replanted with trees that
produce rubber or palm oil in other
cases it's used as grazing land for
cattle or that's torn down for urban
development and if nothing is done we
may ultimately see rainforests gone
altogether and along with them crucial
benefits without rainforests some
estimate that the basis for up to a
quarter of modern medicine would be lost
with thousands of medical compounds
derived from plants for example the rosy
periwinkle which is naturally endemic
only to madagascar produces two
anti-tumor drugs used to fight leukemia
and Hodgkin's disease chemicals
synthesized as a result of this plant
contribute to an estimated 160 million
dollars per year and the rainforest
plant drug market in total has been
estimated at roughly 150 billion dollars
many poor communities rely on rainforest
plant life for medicine as prescription
medication and derivatives are
completely unaffordable for large
portions of the world's population the
World Health Organization estimates that
roughly 80% of Africa's population uses
traditional herbal medicine as part of
their primary health care while in China
up to half of all medicines consumed are
herbal remedies besides a medicinal
outlook the lack of vegetation could
mean a rapid rise in climate change
rainforests are known as carbon sinks
which means they consume carbon dioxide
clearing it from the atmosphere
studies show that roughly 40% of manmade
co2 is absorbed by forests as carbon
dioxide levels rise and rainforest
acreage Falls the subsequent change in
climate can contribute to severe
droughts as well as rising sea levels
this is a bigger problem than it may
seem as climate change plays a huge role
in geopolitics wars over resources
are devastating in demand for farming
land continues to outstrip its supply in
2014 in northern Honduras us-backed
security forces were implicated in the
murder and intimidation of local farmers
involved in disputes over palm oil more
than a hundred people have already been
killed over the disputes in other parts
of the world entire indigenous tribes
are being killed and displaced in favour
of commercial logging and raising but
stopping this deforestation may not end
up solving a larger problem even when
ignoring financial gain by businesses
which exploit these natural resources
many people in developing countries rely
on the exploitation to survive for
example palm oil employs millions of
farmers and the industry plays an
important role in reducing poverty
according to one NGO on sustainable palm
oil as many as four and a half million
people in Indonesia and Malaysia work in
its production and simply switching to
another method of production could
potentially be even worse for the
environment alternative vegetable oils
like sunflower soybean and rapeseed
produced about four to ten times less
oil per acre so to meet demand even more
land would have to be destroyed we all
know rainforests survival but their
direct impacts in dated a health global
stability and the condition of the
world's atmosphere are regularly
understated in the end
a world without rainforests is much more
devastating than we might realize and
much harder to avoid and we might expect
if you're an entrepreneur innovator or
building a small business domain.com is
the place to go when that next great
idea hits you no domain extension will
help tell your story like a.com or.net
domain name domain com is affordable
reliable and easy to use get 20% off
domain coms already affordable domain
names and web hosting when you use
coupon code seeker at checkout when you
think domain names think domain.com the
Amazon rainforest is notorious for its
unknown terrain watch this video to find
out why it's known to explorers as the
Green Hell thanks for watching seeker
daily make sure to LIKE and subscribe
