more than 100 people in Tokyo celebrated
the New Year in a very unusual way by
taking a nice cold bath dressed in
traditional white clothing the men and
women jogged around a shrine and chanted
before lowering themselves into the
freezing cold water this purification
ritual is a central tenet of Shinto a
Japanese religion that is as old as the
country itself so what exactly is Shinto
well it's the largest religion in Japan
practiced by an estimated 80% of the
population back in the 6th century
indigenous Japanese people invented the
word Shinto to distinguish their already
existing faiths from Buddhism which was
spreading throughout the region over
time Shinto and Buddhism came to coexist
peacefully Shinto is considered more a
way of life rather than a specific set
of beliefs or worship of a central deity
most Japanese people identify as both
Buddhist and Shinto so how can someone
follow two religions at once
well Shinto doesn't have many of the
characteristics associated with religion
unlike Christianity or Buddhism it has
no official founder or sacred text
Shinto does not try to explain the world
in a sense of right and wrong and thus
there are no Shinto preachers or
missionaries the only goal of Shinto is
to be in touch with comi or spiritual
energy through sacred rituals
these include weddings funerals worship
at a shrine or at home and huge
festivals the word Shinto means way of
Comi Comi is extremely complex but
basically they are sacred spirits that
exist in earthy objects like mountains
and trees and in concepts like fertility
comi also has an ancestral form as
humans become comi after they die the
Sun Goddess Amaterasu is the most
important comi in Japanese mythology the
royal family is thought to be descended
from Amaterasu beginning with the first
emperor G mu who has thought that
prayers and offerings takami spirits at
Shinto shrines and festivals will wash
away evil spirits and the spirit I a
person or object this process is the
lifeblood of the Shinto practice
happening on a daily weekly seasonal
lunar
and annual basis in fact taking part in
ritualistic worship and purification is
the entirety of their faith
this has garnered criticism as some like
in Shinto worship to a performance
rather than an act of devotion based on
values and beliefs adherence to Shinto
however think of rituals as a religious
experience one that binds a community
together even more so than shared
beliefs although Shinto is thousands of
years old it still has an active
presence in Japanese life for instance
new buildings are purified by a Shinto
priest and many Japanese made cars are
blessed during the assembly process
Japan's national sport sumo is directly
derived from Shinto rituals and symbols
of purity can be found on the ring and
on sumo garments many Japanese people
keep a tiny shrine altar in their home
and local shrines play a huge role in
communities bringing people together for
festivals and hosting weddings and
funerals whether or not they identify as
religious virtually everyone in Japan is
in some sense a part of Shinto we can't
do episodes like this without our
sponsors and this episode is brought to
you by domain.com if you're an
entrepreneur innovator or building a
small business domain.com it's the place
to go and that next great idea hits you
get 20% off domain coms already
affordable domain names and web hosting
when you use the coupon code seeker at
checkout when you think domain names
think domain.com shinto is a peaceful
and generally positive religion as it
regards all humans as inherently good
still it doesn't hold the title of the
world's most peaceful religion so what
does find out in this video even within
the religion violence may be used to
protect oneself or one's country one
Hindu god states that violence is
necessary in the defense of justice and
does not conflict with a spiritual life
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe so you get
new videos every day
