in early 2017 president-elect Donald
Trump announced plans to appoint his
son-in-law Jared Kushner as a senior
White House adviser Kushner is married
to Trump's daughter Ivanka and was a key
player both in the campaign and the
cabinet appointment process as an
ovulation day nears a spotlight has been
shined not just on Kushner but on all of
Trump's close relatives so let's meet
America's newest first family Donald
Trump has been married three times and
has five children his three eldest
children Donald Jr Eric and Ivanka are
from his first marriage to check fashion
model Ivana Trump all three have held
high-ranking positions in the Trump
Organization and Donald Trump's sons are
slated to take over its operations while
he's in office Donald Jr Eric and Ivanka
have also appeared on many episodes of
their father's reality show The
Apprentice the oldest son Donald Jr also
called dawn is married to a former model
and has five children of his own he
graduated from the University of
Pennsylvania with a degree in economics
and played an active role in his
father's 2016 presidential campaign
however as a surrogate he attracted
widespread criticism for a tweet
comparing Syrian refugees to skittles
even garnering condemnation of the
statement from the parent company of
skittles itself
Trump's second son Eric graduated from
Georgetown University with degrees in
finance and management for the last
decade Eric has also run his own
charitable foundation raising money for
st. Jude Children's Hospital although
some of these funds have allegedly been
paid to the Trump organization itself
Eric has left his post as president of
the charity to avoid possible conflicts
of interest but perhaps the best known
of Trump's children is his first
daughter Ivanka Ivanka is a former model
and active businesswoman with her own
fashion and jewelry lines she identifies
as neither Republican nor Democrat and
is reportedly a close friend of Hillary
Clinton's daughter Chelsea Ivanka has
advocated for left-wing causes like
women's rights and gay rights and was
pivotal in her father's campaign and
transition into the White House even
before the start of Donald Trump's term
Ivanka was part of a meeting with
japan's Prime Minister and reportedly
took over a phone call from her father
with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi
to discuss women's issues many say she
is poised to have a greater role in the
White House than previous first
daughters and perhaps even the first
lady Donald Trump's current wife is
former Slovenian model Melania Trump and
she's the second first lady in US
history to have been born
outside the United States she immigrated
to the u.s. in 1996 and became a citizen
ten years later she doesn't have a
college degree but reportedly speaks
five languages as first lady millennia
has said she will focus on helping women
and children as well as combating cyber
bullying Trump's two youngest children
have received the least amount of
attention 23 year-old Tiffany Trump has
been referred to as a mystery daughter
and as the child of Trump's second wife
Marla maples who he married after a
highly publicized affair during his
first marriage she's a recent graduate
of the University of Pennsylvania where
she majored in sociology and urban
studies she's above a singer and a model
and is known for a popular Instagram
account where she appears with other
heirs and heiresses dubbed the rich kids
of Instagram Donald and Melania is
youngest son 10 year old Barron
sometimes called little Donald attends a
prestigious School in New York City
where he will live with his mother until
the end of his current school term
Donald Trump also has eight
grandchildren although some members of
Trump's family fill the ranks in his
transition team and other key advisory
positions federal anti-nepotism laws
forbid government officials from
appointing family members to public
office however experts say Trump could
work around this law because of a legal
precedent set by ironically Bill Clinton
when he appointed his wife Hillary to a
government task force what role Trump's
family holds in the new administration
still remains to be seen
from hotels to casinos to golf courses
the Trump name is plastered everywhere
around the world
now that Donald Trump is in office his
children will take over the family
business but is that enough to ensure
that there are no conflicts of interest
prior to the election we took a look at
what business problems Trump may face
while in office
the problem with blind trusts is that
it's really hard to make sure they're
blind and there's a big complication
when it comes to Trump his name since
his largest source of income is his
brand name it would be impossible for
Trump not to notice which buildings and
businesses licenses name after
transferring ownership of it to a blind
trust thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
new videos every day
