what would you do if one day most of
your cash was suddenly worthless in
India millions were shocked when on
November 8th 2016 the government placed
an immediate ban on the 500 and 1000
rupee notes which are worth about seven
dollars and fifteen dollars these two
bills account for the vast majority of
currency in India an economy where some
98 percent of transactions are conducted
in cash citizens were only given 50 days
to exchange these bills for new notes
but with a limit on the amount that they
could withdraw from the bank the country
when it's a complete panic mode people
rush to exchange their newly defunct
bills at ATMs or spend them at the very
few remaining businesses that were still
temporarily accepting the old
denominations banks were chaotic with in
some cases hundreds of people in line
for a single ATM many businesses ran out
of small denominations unable to even
give change this devaluation of currency
was done to address a major problem in
the Indian economy untaxed and
unaccounted for cash not kept in banks
called black money this illicit cash is
often acquired illegally through
corruption bribery or kickbacks without
having to report its use to the
government this shadow economy is
extremely pervasive accounting for up to
a quarter of India's GDP much of this
cash is in the form of hoarded five
hundred and one thousand rupee notes
stuffed in mattresses or laundered in
foreign bank accounts where it can't be
taxed exchanges with illicit money short
the government billions of dollars in
taxes every year it also exacerbates
inequality as wealthier citizens are
able to evade taxes and hold on to much
more money under the des monetization
rules anyone seeking to exchange more
than two hundred and fifty thousand
rupees or about thirty five hundred
dollars must explain why they're holding
on to so much cash or they face a
penalty the hope was that all the
unaccounted for money would dissolve the
economy would reset and those who'd
skirted the law with black money would
be punished so as not to lose millions
many wealthier citizens searched for
loopholes some who'd gone over their
limit reportedly paid poorer citizens to
hold on to their bundles of cash and
bank accounts to be returned to them at
a later date
others made large purchases of travel
tickets one of the few items available
to be purchased with the old money
hoping to refund those tickets past the
December 30th deadline many gave up
altogether and donated huge sums of soon
to be worthless bills to charity
we're just
them away but demagnetization actually
ended up hurting many of the people it
was intended to help many poor citizens
don't have bank accounts and were unable
to exchange their cash due to currency
shortages in a country where cash rules
everything and illicit money is
practically mainstream government
intervention may have done more harm
than good
d monetization has had a profound effect
on India's population however because
the rupee is so weak it's had little
effect on the global economy so what are
the world's strongest currencies find
out right here currencies that are
internationally trusted are often
referred to as hard currencies the US
dollar the euro the British Pound and
the Japanese yen all fall into this
category because again the governments
and economies that back them our scene
is strong and stable thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe for more videos every day
