pollution disease corruption terrorist
attacks and some of the worst traffic in
the world all of this can be found in
Dhaka the capital city of Bangladesh the
city is marked with high unemployment
and inadequate infrastructure and more
than 30% of its population is living
below the poverty line it may come as a
surprise that even Dhaka doesn't qualify
as one of the economists five least
livable cities in 2016 so which cities
do well one of them is Dualla the
largest city in Cameroon since the late
1980s do all's population has grown
considerably faster than the country as
a whole
while the city has grown outwards and
become more dense its infrastructure has
largely remained the same resulting in
poor access to basic services like
health care and education this is
perhaps best exemplified on doulas roads
which are weak overcrowded and neglected
between 2010 and 2015 more than 20000
Cameroonians died while in transit
residents are considerably more likely
to perish on roads or trains than they
are by the country's ongoing malaria
problem or by the West African insurgent
group Boko Haram
although Dualla is a port city and the
financial center of Cameroon's
relatively stable economy there are few
job opportunities for the population in
fact those living in Cameroonians cities
like Dwolla are roughly twice as likely
to be unemployed than those living in
rural areas similar to do ala the
population of Pakistan's Karachi has
grown faster than its infrastructure can
handle Karachi consistently ranks among
the world's least livable cities as its
roads housing and public services fail
to live up to the needs of its rapidly
growing population which is expected to
reach nearly 25 million by 2030
some of Karachi's greatest
infrastructure challenges are water and
sewage with no regulations on water
supply or sanitation leaks and
large-scale theft are common and many
residents are forced to ration
moreover the city lacks an adequate
sewage system meaning that only half of
all estimated solid waste actually ends
up in dump sites many residents suffer
from diseases
- tainted water and let exposure is rife
leading to disabilities in children
unregulated industrial output pollutes
the air and natural disasters like
floods earthquakes cyclones heat waves
and fires are not uncommon these issues
are particularly consequential for
residents of the cities poor makeshift
squatting communities called Kashi Abadi
these shanty towns house more than half
of Karachi's residents and are
reportedly growing more than twice as
fast as the city at large but according
to the Economist the least livable city
in the world is Ukraine's capital Kiev
in 2014 parts of the city were left in
shambles after clashes between
anti-government demonstrators and riot
police Russian backed separatists and
the Ukrainian government forged a
ceasefire in 2015 however the pact
unraveled the following year resulting
in resumed fighting and protests in
Ukrainian capital although the violence
has largely subsided many in Kiev are
still feeling the revolutions economic
toll in 2014 the World Bank estimated
that Ukraine's economy contracted by 8
percent due in part to Russian import
bans three years later little progress
has been made in improving the economy
although they don't qualify as the least
livable some cities like damascus syria
at moscow russia are quickly descending
the list like kiev moscow is suffering
from russia's economic slump
not to mention harsh weather and some of
the worst traffic in the world damascus
is the seat of government in a country
plagued by civil war these and other
issues bear a considerable burden on
quality of life and are unlikely to
dissolve anytime soon if you're looking
to relocate to a new city Dualla karachi
or kiev may not be the best choice many
other cities have compared ibly better
quality of life to find out which cities
are the most livable check out this
video many major cities around the world
can actually be victims of their own
success cities such as New York City or
London are world renowned but also have
higher crime rates overpopulation
leading to infrastructure failure and
often much higher cost of living thanks
for watching seeker daily please don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos
every day
