when President Barack Obama took office
in January of 2009 the world economy was
reeling from a global financial crisis
the United States in particular had been
shattered by the subprime mortgage
bubble this period was considered the
worst global recession since World War
two
just that month nearly 600,000 jobs were
cut by employers in the US with an
unemployment rate of more than seven and
a half percent in total since the
recession began almost nine million jobs
were lost in 2008 Obama ran for
president on a campaign marked by
promises to reel in big banks stop job
loss and address the widening economic
inequality between the ultra rich and
those in poverty to combat the
disastrous economic situation one of
Obama's first acts in office was to sign
off on the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act of 2009 which many have
referred to as the stimulus it pumped
roughly eight hundred and thirty billion
dollars into areas such as
infrastructure education health care and
renewable energy it also provided tax
cuts unemployment benefits and other
countermeasures to the economic freefall
although the stimulus did manage to slow
the recession many felt it was too
paltry and effort economist Paul Krugman
and the President himself stated so
publicly by some accounts the stimulus
should have reached nearly three
trillion dollars instead it passed at
only a third of that with large cuts in
education and health many Republicans
refused to pass such a large spending
bill doubting it would actually result
in a stronger economy Democrats have
continued to pointed this is a reason
for the slow economic recovery and
continued job losses throughout the year
another major step towards economic
recovery was the passage of the
dodd-frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act in 2010 known as
dodd-frank this was a regulatory measure
in an attempt to prevent the resurgence
of too big to fail banks which had to be
bailed out with nearly half a trillion
dollars in 2008 although dodd-frank
imposed stricter oversight for banks
many criticized the measures as being
too soft others blamed the president for
not prosecuting many of the executives
who had supposedly caused the crisis in
the first place after several years some
have since thought the act to have been
a failure as it placed undue stress on
small banks and made it harder to get
credit while big banks have gone
bigger while Americans suffered under an
economic crisis Wall Street was kept
intentionally healthy and stable to
avoid further decline in fact although
President Obama campaigned on battling
inequality economically the wealth gap
grew during his time in office though
the economic situation was dire eight
years ago today the number of jobs are
up 8.4% over those in 2008 when Obama
took office well above george w bush's
1% growth unfortunately for the
president's legacy however that is less
than half of reagan's 17.7%
in less than two and a half of clinton's
20.9% on the other hand both Reagan and
Clinton enjoyed economic booms according
to Obama the u.s. managed its financial
crisis better than any large economy in
modern history to his credit the
unemployment rate is now lower than when
Reagan left office and the u.s. is
seeing roughly 6 years worth of
sustained job growth the highest
recorded rate even the national deficit
has dropped by about a trillion dollars
although the federal debt has increased
significantly jumping from about 10
trillion dollars in 2009 to nearly 20
trillion in 2017 in the end thanks to
opposition efforts in Congress and a
global financial crisis at the outset
Obama's economic legacy has been
dampened significantly many jobless
Americans or those who lost their homes
and savings in the Great Recession
believe President Obama did not do
enough to improve their quality of life
even though the economy is doing better
today than it was when Obama took office
the president's economic legacy may not
be one of his high points although
Obama's economic efforts may be
overlooked they aren't his only lasting
legacy Obamacare wars in the Middle East
and other domestic and international
efforts span his term to find out
exactly what the president has
accomplished during his time in office
you can check out this video here in
2011 Obama oversaw the mission to locate
and eventually kill al-qaeda leader
Osama bin Laden he also authorized the
final removal of US troops in Iraq
however continued terrorist threats in
the region have prevented Obama from
permanently ending the war thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos from
us every
