president-elect Donald Trump made
illegal immigration the keystone of his
campaign and recently has criticized
so-called sanctuary cities in the u.s.
specifically he's threatened to cut off
federal funding to any city that resists
the federal government on immigration
enforcement but what exactly are
sanctuary cities and what could Trump
really do to stop them well a sanctuary
city is a term used to describe cities
towns or jurisdictions that have made a
commitment to limit their collaboration
with US Immigration and Customs
Enforcement or ice given that ice is in
charge of detention and deportation of
undocumented immigrants sanctuary cities
are a small check on the federal
government's immigration authority one
recent analysis found that 39 cities in
the US had passed resolutions policies
or laws limiting cooperation with ice
another study found that just 12 of the
larger cities on that list house nearly
20% of the country's estimated 11
million undocumented immigrants Isis
immigration work is separate from that
of local law enforcement and ice usually
doesn't have the authority to make
demands of local police and conversely
local police aren't required to do the
work of immigration officers it's a
basic division of federal state and
local responsibilities ice can request
that local police detain suspects for
them but court rulings prohibit them
from ordering such detentions as they're
often challenged as unconstitutional all
this means that there's a very
complicated give-and-take between
federal and local law enforcement and
ice has been very careful not to appear
commandeering with local jurisdictions
cities like New York San Francisco
Washington DC and Los Angeles have
decided through policies to focus on law
enforcement without regard to
immigration status this is adopting a
sort of immigration Don't Ask Don't Tell
approach proponents of this approach say
it makes immigrant populations feel
freer to report crimes supporters also
point evidence that immigrants of any
legal status actually commit fewer
crimes than non immigrants in California
a state with one of the highest
immigrant populations studies have found
that immigrant adults have lower
incarceration rates than u.s. born
adults but opponents like Donald Trump
argue that sanctuary cities protect
undocumented immigrants from criminal
prosecution which brings us back to our
first question
what can Trump do to shut down sanctuary
cities his third of choice is monetary
San Francisco for example receives
almost half a billion
dollars per year directly from the
federal government and Trump is
threatening to revoke that money forcing
San Francisco to prepare for cuts to
childcare subsidies HIV support airport
maintenance housing for the homeless and
warm but San Francisco's Mayor Ed Lee
announced we have been and always will
be a City of Refuge a city of sanctuary
a city of love there are no walls in our
city in the face of these threats
leadership in many sanctuary cities
remains defiant if you're a fan of
history science and exploration you
should definitely check out discovery go
you can watch all of your favorite
Discovery Channel shows in one place
click the link in the description below
to learn more the United States has an
arduous immigration system that makes it
difficult for people to legally enter
the country so what exactly does it take
to obtain a US visa find out in this
video there's also a visa waiver program
allowing members of 38 mostly European
countries to enter the u.s. without a
visa for up to 90 days thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget the
like to subscribe for more videos every
day
