research has shown that it's possible to
globally convert to alternative energies
within the next two to four decades so
we wanted to know which countries have
already switched to 100% renewable
energy well one of the most notable and
commonly referenced countries is Costa
Rica in 2015 the country ran on a
hundred percent renewable power for 300
days and as of September 2016 it's
racked up 150 days almost all of their
electric energy needs come from hydro
power and geothermal heat although there
are still roughly 2 million cars running
on gas and while there are efforts to
continue modernizing the renewable
resources the country's hydro
electricity is generated by turbines in
dams accounting for 78 percent of Costa
Rica's electricity supply
additionally in 2014 the country
approved a nearly billion dollar
geothermal project using heat from the
earth to power electric generators
Iceland 2 uses hydropower and geothermal
heat to pull almost a hundred percent of
its electric power from renewable
resources interestingly instead of
solely using geothermal heat to power
generators which can then provide
electricity for heating homes Iceland
pipes geothermal heat via water directly
in 87 percent of homes since the 1940s
the Icelandic government has worked
promote geothermal resources even
creating a specialized agency to oversee
research and implementation
it's estimated that using geothermal
heat instead of oil has saved roughly
eight billion dollars and lowered the
country's carbon emissions by more than
one third from 1970 to 2000 impressively
Albania and Paraguay have also converted
almost entirely to renewable hydropower
Albania is home to eight major river
systems providing enough current to
continually replenish the country's
supply however in recent years the
country has been forced import some of
its energy needs as demand increases as
for Paraguay it receives nearly a
hundred percent of its electricity from
hydropower as well thanks to the typhoon
which is jointly run with Brazil the dam
was even nominated as one of the seven
wonders of the modern world by the
American Society of Civil Engineers due
to its size at output these countries
are impressive in their attempt to save
money and stop pollution but all of them
have two things in common that make it
difficult for other countries to follow
suit firstly small populations Costa
Rica has less than 5 million people
Iceland has a little more than 300,000
and combined Albania and Paraguay total
under 10 million residents when energy
demands are not so high providing them
is easier the second advantage is
location and resource countries with
high geothermal and hydroelectric power
are located in places with easy access
to the Earth's heat or high flow
consistent sources of water and although
what these countries have accomplished
is admirable it may not be as easily
achievable for much of the rest of the
world we can't do episodes like this
without help from our sponsors this
episode is brought to you by Yves
mattress they spent 4 years perfecting
next generation memory foam you can try
it at home risk-free for a hundred
nights with free returns and pick up if
you don't love it go to Yves mattress
calm now for your exclusive seeker daily
offer enter seek 1 to 5 and get 125
dollars off today the world's 16 largest
economies account for nearly 3/4 of
global electricity consumption many of
these countries are getting creative to
cut back on energy use watch our video
here to find out which world powers are
the most energy efficient the United
States ranks among the least efficient
at number 13 but across the board
Germany saw the greatest energy
efficiency scoring well in all metrics
but especially industry according to the
report German industry and manufacturing
is the second most fuel efficient in the
world with plans to far surpass the
current leader Australia by 2020 thank
you for watching seeker daily please
make sure to LIKE and subscribe to see
new videos every day
