in November 2016 more than a decade
after negotiations began the European
Union temporarily halted talks over
Turkey's accession into the bloc citing
concerns over the Turkish government's
alarming response to the failed military
coup between July and November 2016
we're than a hundred thousand people
were purged arrested or jailed in
president air diwan's ongoing struggle
to restore power so months after the
failed coup we wanted to know what is
life like in Turkey well on July 15th
2016 a faction of the Turkish military
attempted and failed to overthrow the
president and his ruling party according
to coup leaders the act was an attempt
to restore turkeys democracy and secular
foundation which they said was
increasingly threatened under president
air Dewan since becoming prime minister
in 2003 than president in 2014
air Dewan has cracked down on Free Press
past Islamic reforms and pushed for
constitutional amendments that would
expand his presidential powers air Dewan
blamed the failed coup entirely on
followers of Fethullah Gulen an
influential Sunni Muslim cleric living
in exile in Pennsylvania Gulen and air
Dewan were once political allies but had
a massive falling out in 2013
Erewhon claims that Gulen is in the
military are behind the coup however
Glenn claims that it was actually staged
as a way for air Diwan to seize more
power and further crackdown on
opposition whether or not air to want
staged the coup is still unknown but he
has used the events to consolidate power
since July the Turkish government has
purged more than 125,000 people namely
judges politicians academics and members
of the military and another roughly 36
thousand are in jail awaiting trial the
ongoing state of emergency has been used
to shutter countless institutions
including small businesses charities
legal organizations more than 130 media
outlets and more than 2,000 a tional
facilities air Dewan has also used the
failed coup as a means to drum up
nationalism and promote his own party
government-affiliated television
newspapers and Twitter accounts have all
reinforced the narrative that Gulen is
behind the coup in the name of
preventing another uprising the
government has directly encouraged
people to flood the streets of turkey's
two biggest cities Istanbul and Ankara
according to news reports these
pro-government protests morphed into
nationalist street parties and persisted
for nearly a month emboldened by calls
from local mosques and mass texts from
air21 himself in October Turkish
Parliament declared July 15th
official holiday called the day of
democracy and national unity much of the
government and the public has
consolidated behind the president
nationalist sentiments are at record
highs and the ruling party now has
sweeping powers to go after its
opponents many Turks have described the
failed coup as intense president air
Dewan however calls it a gift from God
if you're a fan of innovative
storytelling then you should check out
seeker BR we'll take you to Standing
Rock where pipeline opponents are
celebrating after the Army Corps of
Engineers halted construction but things
have not been easy for the people living
in the camp watch this video to see the
harsh realities of North Dakota's winner
thousands of veterans are promising to
serve as human shields for the people in
the camp the protectors say they're
standing strong and will continue to
oppose the construction of the North
Dakota access pipeline that will run
along sacred lands and cross waterways
please make sure to subscribe to seeker
VR to see all our 360 content
