in August of 2016 thousands of troops
amassed on the border of Lithuania and
Russia growing threats of aggression of
sparked fears of a new Cold War
seeing Russia potentially invading
Lithuania having one of the lowest GDP s
in the European Union and struggling
with mass emigration what is life really
like in Lithuania
well Lithuania is the largest and
southernmost Baltic state the others
being Latvia and Estonia it gained
independence in 1990 just a year before
the collapse of the Soviet Union the
first Soviet state to do so by the way
and joined both NATO and the EU in 2004
this coupled with their World Trade
Organization membership has led to
extreme growth by increasing trade and
investment from foreign nations
Lithuania ranked as Europe's top
performing economy in 2002 with the
highest growth rate earning the title of
Baltic tiger in 2008 Lithuania fell
victim to the global financial crisis
but rebounded to become one of the
fastest growing economies in the
European Union yet again despite this it
has a GDP of just over 41 billion
dollars less than the GDP of the US
state of Rhode Island plagued by a
rapidly aging population and mass
emigration the country is losing
highly-skilled and well-educated people
to a brain drain in the space of two
decades nearly 700,000 people out of a
population of roughly 2.9 million have
left the country and yet unemployment
levels remain relatively high at around
9% 2/3 of the population work in the
service sector though the country's
largest industry and export is refined
oil like other nearby countries
Lithuania is ethnically homogenous with
84% of the population being ethnic
lithuanian the official language is also
lithuanian one of only two remaining
Baltic languages and the nation is more
than 75 percent Roman Catholic this
identity served to unite Lithuanians in
a post-soviet atheist world and
continues to shape daily life with an
importance placed on religious festivals
and observances the country also
emphasizes the sport of basketball which
has been called the second religion of
Lithuania with three Olympic medals and
three european championship titles the
national importance of the sport is one
of the reasons a disproportionate number
of professional basketball players are
from Lithuania although are relatively
developed and modernised Republic
Lithuania continues to suffer
economically with its low wages and
low-skilled workers economists expect
GDP growth to rise in 2017 but with so
many people leaving the country in
search of better opportunities Lithuania
may have a difficult time ahead of it
with Russia's territorial aggressions
whirring many of its former Soviet
neighbors a number of foreign powers
have openly condemned Russia's foreign
policy the United States has been a
particularly vocal opponent leading some
to fear a new cold war might brew
between the two to learn about what a
second Cold War would entail check out
this video up top or to get an in-depth
look at life in another Baltic state
check out the video below about what
life is really like in Estonia thanks
for watching seeker daily don't forget
to Like and subscribe for more videos
every day
