in the United States as many as 20,000
prison inmates across the country have
gone on strike to protest slavery like
wages abusive guards overcrowded cells
and insufficient health care but despite
these the US prison system is not
necessarily the worst even though we
incarcerate a higher rate than any other
country historically prisons have only
improved but in the last decade
deplorable conditions have persisted
around the world so we wanted to know
what have been some of the worst prisons
in modern history while perhaps
unsurprisingly one of the most dangerous
and inhumane prisons was located in one
of the most dangerous and inhumane
countries North Korea one of many
political prisons concentration camp
number 22 has been described as health
for both guards and prisoners those sent
to the camp were often those who had
criticized the government or a former
party members thought to be unreliable
often multiple generations of a
prisoners entire family including any
children born in the prison were forced
to serve a lifelong sentence alongside
the accused former guards described the
shocking conditions which included
regular torture Mountain nourishment
hard labor and extermination of
prisoners one guard also suggested that
human experimentation occurred at the
camp where chemical and biological
weapons were tested on human subjects as
many as 50,000 were believed to be held
at the site after the prison became the
focus of humanitarian rights groups and
its location discovered due to satellite
imaging it is believed the site was
closed around 2012 although similar
conditions are reported in other prison
camps around that country another
extreme prison Tadmor prison in Syria
was destroyed by the Islamic state in
2015 nonetheless the prison has a
horrifyingly violent history for Syrians
the extremely inhumane treatment and a
massacre in 1980 made this one of the
most dangerous prisons after an
assassination attempt on the former
Syrian president military members
entered the prison and executed an
estimated 1,000 people an overwhelming
portion of the prison population but
even 20 years later conditions continued
to be described as brutal a 2001 report
from Amnesty International detailed that
many prisoners were there for political
reasons
and would be beaten and tortured daily
in one example prisoners were seated in
a chair that would arch all the way back
causing asphyxiation and sometimes
fracturing the prisoners spine while
these prisons are closed one that is
still operating is the malanga district
prison formerly known as Geeta Rama
prison in Rwanda it has been described
as the worst prison in the world for the
deadly and dangerous conditions the
prison has a capacity of 500 but houses
as many as 7,000 according to the New
York Times this incredible overcrowding
means that prisoners cannot sit down and
some even develop gangrene on their feet
from prolonged standing and unhygenic
conditions while other prisons are
dangerous for safety reasons mu hunga
which largely houses criminals from the
Rwandan genocide is dangerous as
thousands have died from suffocation
disease and neglect although some of
these prisons are believed to be shut
down similar conditions continue in
prisons all over the world particularly
in developing regions without
accountability to the world community
from deadly living conditions to
outright murder being incarcerated in
any of these or similar prisons is
effectively a death sentence while the
United States doesn't necessarily have
the worst prisons in the world it does
incarcerate at a higher rate than any
other country and holds the largest
prison population so what's going on
with the United States prison system
find out in the video up top you can
also learn about solitary confinement
and it's horrible effects on prisoners
by watching the video down below thanks
for being with us today on seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe so
you get more videos every day
