Socrates is arguably the most
influential philosopher of all time his
ideas not only changed the course of
history but laid the groundwork for what
is today considered Western philosophy
so who was Socrates
well Socrates was born in 469 BCE and
spent nearly all of his life in Athens
Greece the city was then at the center
of Greece's Golden Age a time of rapid
development and democratization he was a
soldier than a stone cutter before
devoting his life to being a philosopher
which literally means lover of wisdom
but little else is known about
Socrates's upbringing or the rest of his
life because he didn't actually write
anything down in fact everything we know
about him is through the writings of his
contemporaries most famously his student
Plato Plato published a series of
dialogues in which Socrates deliberates
with politicians and townspeople in
Athens and one of Plato's most famous
works the symposium Socrates and his
interlocutors discuss the nature of love
Socrates claimed that everything he
knows about love was taught to him by a
wise woman named IO Tama according to
die oedema love is neither physical or
divine and it cannot be described as
good or beautiful instead love is in the
desire for something it is the spirit of
seeking something like people objects
children or beauty
Socrates concludes that this relentless
pursuit of ideas makes him a lover of
knowledge Socrates had plenty of ideas
but he didn't claim to actually know
anything in fact he famously said quote
true knowledge exists in knowing that
you know nothing in an attempt to uproot
ignorant Switch she saw as a danger to
society socrates acted as Athens gadfly
that is he went around the city
pressing people on their beliefs
ultimately exposing that they knew
nothing this process of gradual
questioning more commonly known as the
Socratic method as perhaps Socrates is
greatest contribution to the academic
world it is used as a form of critical
discussion in English and law classes
and its influence led to the invention
of the scientific method which is
similarly based on challenging
hypotheses in an attempt to question
their validity Socrates forced Athenian
politicians and social elite to question
their own truths and in more than one
instance publicly embarrassed them he
was also an open critic of the city's
newly formed democracy as he said it
would ultimately lead to
election of tyrants as you can imagine
this didn't go over well in Athens and
Socrates was very unpopular and 399 BCE
he was charged with not believing in the
Athenian gods and using his ideas to
corrupt the youth and was sentenced to
death by poison but Socrates didn't
resist the verdict as it was part of the
social contract he had tacitly accepted
by being a citizen of Athens
Socrates forever changed what we think
of as Western philosophy what was once
an attempt to understand the world
around us is now largely an examination
of our inner motivations and values
Socrates is method of relentless
hair-splitting paved the way for other
historical gadflies like dr. Martin
Luther King jr. to be vocal critics of
their own political system but because
Socrates never wrote anything down and
rarely revealed his own opinions
historians have struggled to come to a
consensus on even his most fundamental
teachings and biographical events
Plato's dialogues are the most
comprehensive account of Socrates as
beliefs however some scholars suspect
them to be Plato's own ideas relayed
through his teacher to this day it is
still unclear whether we really know
anything about Socrates at all we can't
do episodes like this without help from
our sponsors this episode was brought to
you by Kay Jewelers for 100 years every
kiss begins with Ken as an intellectual
center for philosophers Athens Greece
played a pivotal role in the rise of
Western philosophy but his Greece
remained an influential country in the
world exactly how powerful is Greece
find out in this video most of the
economy is based on the service sector
as well as merchant shipping and tourism
Greece's important past and large number
of unesco world heritage sites make it
an extremely lucrative tourist
destination tourism brings in roughly
15% of the country's total GDP thanks
for watching seeker daily don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
