around the world addiction destroys
people's lives it slows down economic
progress and disrupts peaceful societies
but addiction isn't exclusive to drug
use many activities are prone to abuse
and in the 21st century some people are
literally becoming addicted to
technology in China this abuse has
become such a societal problem that
rehab centers are opening up for these
electronic addicts seeker stories dope
into the problem we can't control him
anymore we want him to understand what
is happening to him to heal and for this
nightmare to be over these are the words
of a parent of an addict but it's not
what you think because they're not
talking about drug or alcohol abuse
they're talking about a controversial
condition that many believe is affecting
more and more people every day
some call it electronic heroin others
simply know it as the Internet now we're
all guilty of spending way too much time
online but for a growing number the
Internet is more than that it's an
obsession Internet addiction has been
nicknamed electronic heroin because
researchers have found that heavy
internet users suffer changes in brain
functionality similar to those observed
in drug abusers and further study has
shown that the withdrawal symptoms can
be similar to
in China boot camp-style rehab clinics
have started to open up to help addicts
conquer their problem
Taron a psychiatrist and military
colonel who runs the dax in boot camp in
beijing has noticed the similarities
between his patients and drug addicts
firsthand it destroys relationships and
deteriorates the body without the person
knowing all of them have eyesight and
back problems and suffer from eating
disorders when patients arrive at Dax in
boot camp it's rarely of their own
accord most have been forced to come
here by their parents the addicts are
put on a diet and exercise regimen and
of course and no internet policy is
strictly enforced patients are sometimes
given medication and their brain
activity is also closely monitored to
measure the progress in functionality
the bootcamp treatment may be on the
extreme side but many parents in China
still see it as the best option for
reforming their children the country has
some 24 million web junkies and many of
them are kids who spend their days in
internet cafes specially kitted out with
arm treading beds so users never have to
leave parents believe the military-style
drills mixed with family therapy
sessions at boot camps like doctrine can
help their kids transform their lives
while more and more boot camps are
opening around the country to meet the
demand not all are set up like taxing
recent reports have shed light on the
physical abuse of patients in some
centers and others have even resorted to
using electroshock therapy to treat
addicts
although these reports are concerning
some argue that it's proof that
standardized treatment and care needs to
be developed to tackle the growing
problem though that might be a long way
off as Internet addiction still isn't
fully recognized by many clinicians and
psychiatric organizations for the
patients at dak singh on the road to
recovery the addiction feels very real
and the fear of reentering a world with
the Internet
as one boy who extended his stay said I
am afraid to go back to a normal life I
fear I will become addicted again that
is why I've asked to stay longer until I
develop enough confidence to deal with
life if you want to see more in-depth
content like this check out seeker
stories they'll take you around the
world sharing stories of extraordinary
people cultures and innovations like
this one that explores widely half the
people on earth risk their lives every
time they cook watch this episode to
learn how engineers at UC Berkeley plan
to combat this problem by redesigning
the cook stove as one IDI was cooking
you could hear her coughing and her
grandchildren coughing around her and as
she explained she has no other choice
but to cook this way even though she
knows that it can cause harmful
long-term health issues what's
incredible is that smoke inhalation
kills more people worldwide than HIV and
malaria combined please make sure to
LIKE and subscribe to seeker stories to
see new web docs every week
you
