the existence of Pakistan is
intrinsically tied to Islam in 1956 less
than a decade after the country
partitioned from India Pakistan became
the first official Islamic Republic and
today more than 96 percent of its
population identify as Muslim but in a
small secluded region in North East
Pakistan there's a unique group who are
light skinned and do not associate with
any major religion they're known as the
kailash people so what is life really
like for this mysterious community well
the kailash people are an indigenous
population living in a lush 1,000 square
mile belly in rural Pakistan it's
comprised of roughly 4,000 people who
have their own language and religion
nature plays a significant role in their
rituals and everyday lives most adults
manage crops or livestock and their
major cultural celebrations revolve
around the farming season kailash people
worship their ancestors multiple gods
and goddesses as well as one creator
deity to communicate with them the tribe
offers a sacrifice usually a goat at one
of its many shrines and altars
throughout the valley what's interesting
is that no one really knows where the
kailash people came from however most
scholars and historians understand them
as descendants of Alexander the Great
and his Macedonian army which conquered
much of East Asia around 300 BC this
theory was further legitimized in 2014
when a study of Kailash people's DNA
showed evidence of European descent this
would also explain their skin tone which
is uncharacteristically fair for native
East Asians the kailash people not only
look different than their neighbors but
they also have different values and
traditions for instance the kailash do
not place very much emphasis on modesty
or sexual repression adults freely date
choose their spouses and divorce when
things don't work out men and women even
dance and drink wine together at the
tribes frequent festivals but at the
same time purity is paramount according
to the kailash faith things that are
pure exist in the in between that is the
periods of time in-between festivals men
who are in between youth and adulthood
as well as women in between menstrual
cycles in fact during periods and
childbirth kailash women are quarantined
perhaps because of the relative
seclusion and unusual pastimes many
kailash people reportedly feel
threatened by neighboring communities in
Pakistan and Afghanistan
the tribe has even been victim to
attacks by the Taliban and many collage
people have reported assaults robberies
and forced conversions by local Muslims
in one high-profile incident in 2016
a fifteen-year-old collage girl wandered
into an Islamic seminary and converted
to Islam when her parents found her and
attempted to bring her home a violent
battle broke out between hundreds of
collage villagers and nearby Muslims who
argued that under Islam she should not
be allowed to leave the faith although
instances like this are rare many
kailash youth are voluntarily converting
to islam as their top muslim traditions
in school as a result many kailash
people fear that their culture is under
threat and have sought protection from
the pakistani government as well as
seeking designation as a unesco world
heritage site but negotiations remain at
a standstill and there are currently no
plans to preserve this ancient dwindling
tribe the kailash are some of the most
peaceful in the region but pakistan is
also home to a number of non peaceful
groups after being ousted from
afghanistan the taliban have been
appearing more and more frequently in
pakistan so what exactly do they want
and why are they there find out in this
video
the Taliban presence they are known as
tehrik-e-taliban Pakistan or TTP for
short was founded by the late jihadi
commander baytullah
Mesut the commander was among many
Pakistani militants who had fought
alongside the Afghan Taliban when they
seized control of Kabul in the late 90s
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
