Russia is perhaps one of the strongest
examples of a militarized society while
in other countries kids go off to summer
camp in Russia some children are sent to
a military camp seeker stories looked
into youth military culture around the
world to find out why these children are
playing war Russia is a patriotic place
its military parades are truly sights to
behold and as of last year Russian
President Vladimir Putin had an approval
rating of close to 90% many Russians
speak of a sense of pride bordering on a
sense of duty to their motherland and
many learn that sense at a very young
age these pictures are from a military
camp for children a couple hours north
of Moscow here kids from ages 10 through
16 or so trained for two weeks straight
they learn military regimens first aid
and some weapons training too according
to photographer Anton Vinogradov the
camp is a result of parents wanting to
instill in their kids
the patriotic traditions that they value
in an email interview he wrote dated
military service and want to pass on
their knowledge to children older
children like this camp but smaller boys
come here at the insistence of their
parents who want to make them more
independent and brave there have
actually been a lot of military camps
for children in Russia over the years
and it's a story that the Western media
frankly loves but it's not a story
unique to Russia not at all
this for example is a picture of a camp
in China this is hungry and this is a
camp in South Korea what unifies all
these places is a strong military
tradition an extensive coverage by the
press but what unifies all these
pictures is a startling juxtaposition of
children and war and that might be the
crux of our fascination with these
stories children and war don't belong
together and seeing kids playing war
evokes something darker something like
this
these are Somali children who in 1992
got caught up in the brutal civil war in
their home country
or this this is a Syrian boy being
trained to protect his home amid the
ongoing conflict there
these aren't children playing games
they're soldiers at war now the kids at
that Russian camp aren't going to war
and neither of those South Korean or
Hungarian children for that matter but
they are being raised with that sense of
pride and duty toward their militaries
photographer Anton Vinogradov wrote such
camps reflect an ideological course of
patriotic policy which is very popular
in Russian society and that's really
what these stories are about the
entanglement of patriotism and
militarism it's nothing new and for the
record it's something Americans are
plenty familiar with just look at any
Memorial Day Parade in the United States
or even a presidential inauguration
military celebration is in the DNA of
America to Russia though takes military
patriotism to a new level their parades
put America's to shame and that almost
90 percent approval rating for Putin
pollsters argue that Putin's numbers got
a boost because he bombed Syria last
year given all of that it's not
surprising for many Russian children
loving their country and supporting
their country's wars are one in the same
thing
if you want to see more in-depth content
like this check out seeker stories
they'll take you around the world
sharing stories of extraordinary people
cultures and innovations like this one
about an optical device that transforms
your cell phone into a handheld
microscope that can diagnose patients
with diseases like malaria in just 30
seconds you insert this into the side of
the device and you can begin a test and
what we'll see on the screen is a
magnified image of the blood and when
everything looks good we just press Co
and the test will begin please make sure
to LIKE and subscribe to seeker stories
for more web docs thanks for watching
