Election Day 2016 will be the day
Americans vote for their new president
but many don't know that in Washington
DC a ballot referendum will determine
whether most of the federal district
will be allowed to gain statehood but
why isn't the District of Columbia
already a state and what exactly is it
and could it be the 51st state well
Washington DC is unique although the
district is not a state and does not see
representation in Congress its residents
pay the 6th highest individual income
tax rate in the US for many it's ironic
that the home of the US government
suffers from the very issue that led to
its founding taxation without
representation so why did this happen
well it originated out of necessity in
1783 in the last months of the
Revolutionary War soldiers in
Philadelphia who had been recruited to
fight the British we're not being paid
in retaliation they stormed the Congress
building and when the founding fathers
asked the governor of Pennsylvania for
help they were refused this event served
two purposes first it forced the
relocation of the nation's capital but
second the framers wrote into the
Constitution a clause which would avoid
the possibility of Congress having to
depend on a state for protection
instead article 1 section 8 Clause 17
outlines that a district be established
for the seat of government and that
district be wholly presided on by
Congress itself with no interference
from the state that it's in but the
unintended consequence was that while
all states have elected representatives
in Washington DC the district itself has
no representation in the US Senate and
within the House of Representatives DC
members can't vote in fact DC's only
federal influence is in the presidential
election where it has three electoral
votes which is tied for the fewest votes
in the United States we spoke with one
of DCs so-called shadow senators Michael
D Brown these senators are elected by
the district to promote its statehood
within Congress although they don't hold
a seat
senator Brown explained the plan for
creating a new state without losing a
capital plan for statehood for the
District of Columbia would be to shrink
the size of the nation's capital down to
we'll call the federal service area and
that will be the new Capitol and the
surrounding area would be state
and others like DC's own Mayor Muriel
Bowser support this version of statehood
but others say that the plan would not
work and would ultimately harm DC
residents but DC residents themselves
seem to like the idea with 67%
supporting statehood in 2015 according
to the Washington Post that Hillary
Clinton say that she'll fight the
statement if she's elected Obama set up
for it Bernie Sanders was a co-sponsor
of the statement legislation that we now
have in Congress you know we have a
state bill in both houses so it's like
your stars are aligning from one of our
problems is a lack of support from
Republican Party those who oppose the
matter tend to do so for one major
reason Washington DC is primarily
Democrat leaning and allowing it into
the Senate would by many accounts
guaranteed two more Democrats in office
other arguments focus on a repeat of the
1783 Philadelphia crisis or simply the
difficulty in integrating a new state
into the u.s. they say well it's the way
the founding fathers wanted it you know
well yeah but the founding fathers
didn't want women to vote they didn't
want African American that's a boat they
didn't want veterans under the age of 21
2001 a bring elusive what whether
Washington DC becomes its own state will
be left to the voters but even that
isn't guaranteed if passed the
referendum is intended to pressure
Congress into holding a vote on DC
statehood even with nearly 70 percent
support after decades of efforts to
promote statehood with little success
full democracy at least still be out of
reach for DC residents
but while DC is looking to join the
Union officially other states are not so
happy to be part of the US one such
state Texas has repeatedly raised the
issue of secession stemming from their
history of independent
but can Texas actually legally secede
find out in this video
British influence threatened to abolish
slavery in Texas which would undermine
the American slave trade so to avoid
potentially losing slavery the u.s.
negotiated the annexation of Texas as
the 28th state in 1845 thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
