the non-aligned movement recently called
in the United Nations to allow more
States into the powerful Security
Council and to give emerging states
greater self-determination but what
exactly is the non-aligned movement and
how relevant is it today well as is
evident by its name the non-aligned
movement is a gathering of states which
have formally pledged to avoid choosing
sides with a power bloc today this
concept is somewhat outdated but during
the Cold War when the group was formed
made perfect sense with the US and
Russia as ideological opposites the two
tried to convert developing countries
around the world to their cause but a
number of states refused to be part of
this divide and in 1961 an official
conference was held called the
conference of heads of state or
government of non-aligned countries
informally known as the non-aligned
movement this first meeting was
originally created by India Indonesia
Egypt Ghana and Yugoslavia all of which
sought to avoid the Western Eastern
dichotomy tearing the world apart over
time the movement became considered a
sort of middle wave for countries to
avoid engaging in the Cold War and was
seen as a peaceful third option the NAM
also made significant efforts to end
colonialism both within their own ranks
and among struggling aligned countries
the movement also exemplified a new
concept emerging out of the Cold War
which was the labeling and distinction
of countries as 1st 2nd or 3rd world in
a nutshell Western countries like the US
and those in Western Europe were
considered first world while the Soviet
Union and supporters like China and Cuba
were labeled second world those which
were not aligned with either side mostly
developing countries were called third
world and despite the end of the Cold
War 1st and 3rd world continued to be
used as terms as of April 2015 the
non-aligned movement was made up a 120
member states which covers nearly
two-thirds of the United Nations and
more than half of the world's population
the split between non-aligned and
aligned within the United Nations is
largely predicated on a north-south
divide the majority of globally powerful
countries live in the global North
including the United State
Canada and Western Europe although there
are countries not in the northern
hemisphere that are also considered
global north such as Australia and New
Zealand on the other hand developing
less powerful regions such as Africa
Latin America and parts of Asia in the
Middle East are considered global South
and nearly all non-aligned countries are
globally southern with the cold war over
the non-aligned movement has become less
about alignment with major blocks and
more about supporting and protecting the
global south from undue influence by the
global north nonetheless despite its
large membership the movement is far
from influential at the most recent
meeting in Venezuela in 2016 less than a
dozen heads of state were in attendance
down from around 30 heads of state in
the last meeting in 2012 although their
anti-imperialist goals are clear most of
their members are aligned with a major
power bloc or at least see benefit from
powerful countries like the United
States we can't do episodes like this
without our sponsors if you listen to
music and podcasts and are looking for a
new Bluetooth speaker
check out monsters reimagined boombox
the monster blaster available for
monthly payments starting at $25 with
deep pounding bass the monster blaster
has the power to bring music to life
indoors and out check it out at the
monster blaster calm slash seeker and
help support the show so what exactly
led to the Cold War divided in the first
place
how did Marxism Leninism or communism
develop to the point of spreading across
the globe
what exactly is communism anyway find
out in this video in the most basic
sense communism is when all
manufacturing or means of production are
equally owned by all the members of a
state thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
more videos from us every day
