in June 2016 Denmark introduced a new
multiple-choice citizenship exam focused
on Danish history and culture the test
is reportedly so difficult that less
than a third of four nationals have
passed and many Danes even have trouble
with it
this comes at the heels of other efforts
by the Danish government to crack down
on immigration including a law requiring
refugees to hand over their valuables
upon entry but even with these new
regulations Denmark is still far from
the hardest place to naturalize so where
is it the hardest to become a citizen
well one of the most infamously
difficult places to gain citizenship is
Switzerland
unlike Denmark Switzerland places less
importance on a foreigners knowledge of
the country and instead ensures that
they're fully integrated into society
most prospective citizens are eligible
only after living in Switzerland for at
least a decade during which time they
must fully adopt Swiss culture and
traditions integration is overseen by
local officials who have been known to
go to great arguably intrusive lengths
to monitor applicants including regular
check-ups to ensure they're interacting
with their community in one famous case
in 2014 a local naturalization
commission rejected citizenship for a 75
year old man who'd lived in Switzerland
for nearly 40 years and taught at a
Swiss University officials felt that he
didn't know enough about the region's
politics and geography Austria has
similarly strict requirements when it
comes to integration anyone planning to
stay for more than two years must sign
in integration agreement a six-month
program designed to improve German
language skills and one's ability to
quote participate in the social economic
and cultural life in Austria but the
real hurdle on the path to Austrian
citizenship is the time commitment a
foreign national has the right to obtain
citizenship only after living in the
country for 30 consecutive years or 15
years if they can prove that they fully
integrated most prospective citizens
also must renounce any other citizenship
they may have as Austria does not allow
dual citizenship and makes very few
exceptions but perhaps the most
difficult place to naturalize is Japan
prospective citizens must live in the
country for at least five years gain
approval by the Minister of Justice and
submit a slew of paperwork which is
known to include detailed questions
about an applicant's personal life some
applicants have even reported having
their home
or workplace inspected by immigration
officials in order to corroborate the
details on their applications if
approved applicants must renounce any
other citizenship according to the
Japanese Ministry this process can take
anywhere from six to twelve months
however those who have gone through it
have said it can take years
interestingly the process to obtain
permanent residency but not citizenship
is even longer this is because permanent
residents receive all the benefits of
citizenship without being required to
swear allegiance to the Constitution of
Japan or renounce their other
citizenships although the road to
citizenship in Japan Austria and
Switzerland is lengthy and demanding
it's very rare for an applicant to be
denied in Japan for example about 99% of
citizenship applications are approved
what's more all of these countries rank
extremely high in terms of quality of
life so obtaining citizenship or at
least residency might be worth the wait
if you've been a subscriber of seeker
daily for a while you might have seen
some of our recent VR videos now you can
watch all of our 360 content in one
place on our new channel seeker VR our
cameras followed five rhinos more than
250 miles across Nepal to their new home
to form a new population you can check
it out here conservation here has been
very successful there more than 600
rhinos right now
the idea is to establish new populations
of rhinos in places where they are no
longer present logistically organizing
this is a tremendous effort please make
sure you subscribe to secret er thanks
for watching
