on September 9th 2016 the Obama
administration overturned a federal
judge's ruling to proceed with the
building of an oil pipeline in a
controversial region of North Dakota
but despite the federal government's
halting of the project many protesters
have state to see an end to the project
completely and even senator Bernie
Sanders joined hundreds of protesters
outside the White House
the fight has comprised the largest
gathering of Native Americans in over a
hundred years according to the BBC so
what is so controversial about the
Dakota access pipeline well in short a
texas-based energy company is in the
process of building an underground oil
pipeline running from Western North
Dakota to Illinois
it's estimated to ultimately cover more
than a thousand miles and costs nearly
four billion dollars with oil prices
dropping and high production in North
Dakota supply in the state outstrips
demand the pipeline would make it easier
and potentially safer to deliver oil
around the country rather than using
other conventional methods of oil
delivery the problem part of the
pipeline located in North Dakota runs
near a Native American reservation
belonging to the Standing Rock Sioux
tribe although the land on which the
pipeline will actually be built belongs
to the United States Army Corps of
Engineers tribal leaders say that these
are historically ancestral lands despite
not being part of the reservation
additionally the closeness of the
pipeline to a major water source in the
Missouri River means that any leak or
spill could be disastrous for the
environment and carry long lasting
consequences the governor of North
Dakota even declared a state of
emergency after thousands of protesters
from roughly 200 tribes arrived at the
pipeline and while the protests have
been relatively peaceful at least one
event saw security officers hired by the
energy company use attack dogs and
pepper spray on protesters tensions are
so high that a reporter covering the
violence was issued an arrest warrant
for trespassing although many believe it
was retaliatory as a result of her
coverage of the protests the Obama
administration's ruling was ostensibly a
result of heated tensions over the
pipeline but it was also an opportunity
for the federal government to consider
tribal concerns in infrastructure
developments government agencies have
already promised to meet with tribal
leaders in the fall in order to discuss
the issue after more than a century of
land deals ultimately favoring the US
government
seeing any consideration for the Native
American population is a major step
forward for those protesting the
pipeline for hundreds of years America's
indigenous population has struggled with
its perception and identity one common
question circles around the most
respectful way to address the population
should you say Native American American
Indian or some other demonym find out in
this video the term Indian continued to
be used freely all the way until about
the 1960s as civil rights for many
groups were being promoted many saw it
as a reminder of the country's brutal
colonial past based on a pejorative
understanding of the indigenous culture
by the late 60s an advocacy group was
formed using a new name to appropriate
the controversial term calling
themselves the American Indian Movement
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
