in September 2016 Vladimir Putin's
political party United Russia won yet
another parliamentary election the party
overwhelmed its competition getting
about 54% of the vote with the next two
highest the Communist Party and the LDP
are receiving only 13% each this
landslide victory is reminiscent of the
2011 elections as well as all the
general elections since United Russia
formed in 2001 this year the party's
parliamentary seat total is up to 343
out of 450 which is more than enough to
now be able to change the Constitution
with Putin's such a controversial figure
in international politics how does this
party continue winning elections and
will it ever lose well the most obvious
answer is that Russian citizens seem to
love their president as the founder of
the party Putin's power within United
Russia is absolute independent polling
from August 2016 showed Putin's approval
rating hovering around 80 percent while
in the United States President Obama
struggles to stay above 50% even Russia
annexed Crimea which was able to vote
for the first time in Russian elections
this year saw overwhelming support for
Putin but this high approval rating may
point less to Putin's popularity and
more to the dangers of not supporting
the president Putin's critics have been
found dead under suspicious
circumstances on northern one occasion
and in one case an opposition politician
was openly assassinated in front of the
Kremlin Russia seat of government
moreover the independent polling agency
Levada was recently registered as a
foreign agent by the government
potentially raising suspicions from
Russian citizens and barring Levada from
in-depth political polling
additionally Russian elections
themselves are far from impartial or
fair during the 2007 legislative
elections European observers noted
intense pressure on all sides for voters
to vote for United Russia saying there
was not a level political playing field
moreover opposition politicians reported
instances of ballot stuffing bribery and
coercion state-run media is heavily
favored towards the party in power and
in 2014 a new law came into effect
allowing government officials to block
so-called extremist websites however a
number of independent and opposition
sites were taken down using the new law
this 2016 election echoed many
earlier complaints one video showed an
official shoving a stack of ballots into
a ballot box and in another part of the
country there were reports of people
voting multiple times at different
voting stations known as carousel voting
Russia's independent election monitor
golus said the election was far from
what could be called really free and
fair this year voter turnout was
exceptionally low which many have
pointed to as a sign of voter apathy in
the face of a so called rigged political
system and despite introducing a new
head of Russia central Elections
Commission in an effort to end these
unlawful practices the newly appointed
overseer said that there was no reason
to invalidate the vote despite calling
the election not sterile so will the
party ever lose well with extremely
threatening political pressure a
state-run media with a bias and multiple
examples of electoral fraud it's far
from surprising that Putin's party
continues to grow in power and scope now
with the ability to change the
Constitution it's likely that Putin will
restrict elections even further in an
effort to consolidate power
but whether Russian citizens actually do
or don't support their president and his
party is practically unknowable if
you're like me and love history science
and exploration you should check out
discovery go to binge watch all seasons
current and past of your favorite
Discovery Channel shows I'm no I'm gonna
watch naked and afraid the second I get
home check out the link in the
description below to learn more so why
exactly is Russian media so slanted
towards coverage of Putin and can that
coverage be trusted watch this video up
top to dive into Russian media as a
whole and you can also learn about why
Putin's approval rating might actually
reflect how Russians feel about their
President to some degree check out this
video down below thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe for more videos every day
