the indigenous population of the United
States has been historically
marginalized despite centuries of
oppression mass killing and displacement
there's been little progress in the way
indigenous tribes are perceived and
labeled this controversy can be seen in
the exonym used to refer to the
country's original population some
prefer the term Native American others
say American Indian and there are
similar variations on both terms so
which is the most correct Native
American or American Indian while the
origin of the controversy has its roots
in the loan term of Indian as the legend
goes Explorer Christopher Columbus
arrived in the Caribbean in 1492
believing he'd reached the Indian Ocean
and as such referred to the indigenous
people he encountered as Indians
despite the inaccuracy future settlers
continued to refer to the many distinct
tribes collectively as Indians another
theory says that the term comes from the
Italian or Spanish words for in or of
God and deals however this explanation
is relatively new and not historically
supported the term Indian continued to
be used freely all the way until about
the 1960s as civil rights for many
groups were being promoted many saw it
as a reminder of the country's brutal
colonial past based on a pejorative
understanding of the indigenous culture
by the late 60s an advocacy group was
formed using a new name to appropriate
the controversial term calling
themselves the American Indian Movement
around this time another term became
widely used as well Native American
intended to eliminate any trace of the
Indian pejorative but even these newer
references are not wholly unproblematic
some indigenous people take offense to
all three terms saying that the many
cultural diverse tribes that make up the
original population cannot be
homogenized into a single term as such
many more instead identify themselves by
their tribe name such as Navajo or
Cherokee what complicates the matter
further is that
so cool historical institutions are
named after some of these controversial
accidents for decades the football team
the Washington Redskins has been
implored to change its name saying that
the term Redskin is clearly racist
regardless of any benign or historical
origin to get a more personal sense of
indigenous identity we spoke with dr.
Andrew Joe Levin professor and former
chair of the American Indian studies
department at San Francisco State
University Redskin is not referring to
the color of the skin of Native American
people it's referring to the bloody
Redskin that bounty hunters were paid
for the heads of Indian men women and
children so that's why that kind of
terminologies offensive other terms such
as Indian are intrinsically tied to the
self-identity of many indigenous people
some older generations continue to use
the term since that is how they've
identified since childhood the US Bureau
of Indian Affairs has yet to change its
name to reflect the political climate
interestingly the US government
alternates between American Indian and
Native American based on whether or not
the groups in question have been granted
federal recognition the reason that we
also sometimes to use American Indian is
to distinguish the legal and protected
status of tribes and groups at the end
of the day we have a broad racialized
category whether you use Native American
or American Indian I think either is
okay ultimately no one term is wholly
appropriate and it's important to know
the preferred nomenclature of the people
in question identity of situational on
some days I might say Indian the next
day I might say native and that's okay
we have to be comfortable in this
society with the fact that identities
they're malleable or they move or they
change as we evolve and get older as
language and identity continue to evolve
so we'll the names we use to call
ourselves and each other
America's indigenous population may have
once covered the country but today a
majority live on reservations their
federal regions are dependent on the
government but are not fully controlled
by it so just how independent are these
reservations this separated but
dependent relationship explains how some
reservations are federally allowed to
build casinos or grow marijuana as they
are considered distinct from their
surrounding state thanks for watching
seeker daily please don't forget to Like
and subscribe to see new videos every
day
