health care in the u.s. is famously
expensive but what happens when you
can't afford to see a doctor or what if
the doctor you want doesn't want to
treat you because of your sexuality our
doctor is allowed to turn patients away
well in the United States it depends on
where you are what kind of medical
facility you go to and what treatments
you're seeking for instance many states
allow medical professionals to deny
treatment to a patient who is exhibiting
threatening or destructive behavior or
one who is suspected of feigning an
illness to receive drugs other states
give doctors broad discretion to refuse
patients on moral grounds for instance
in April 2016 Mississippi passed a law
that would have allowed doctors to
refuse any medical case that would
contradict their religious beliefs
notably gender reassignment surgery
nationwide private doctors can deny
anyone for almost any reason because
they don't receive public funding like
Medicare that means in the eyes of the
law they enjoy the same freedoms as any
other private business these are all
governed by broad federal protections
for both patients and medical providers
although these laws are meant to act as
a foundation they do sometimes
contradict each other
for instance federal law prohibits
hospitals from denying treatment to
anyone who is facing a life-threatening
emergency or on the basis of a person's
race faith age or sexual orientation
that said doctors cannot be forced to
treat anyone because of the 13th
amendment which prohibits involuntary
servitude but in general the only thing
virtually all hospitals even public ones
are legally required to do is provide
emergency care regardless of the
patient's medical needs or ability to
pay this narrow requirement gives
medical facilities broad discretion over
whom they choose to admit for instance
Catholic hospitals are known to use
their official code of ethics to justify
refusing any treatment that challenges
their religious beliefs a 2008 study
supported this showing that OBGYNs at
Catholic hospitals had in many instances
refused to terminate a pregnancy even if
it proved to be hazardous to the health
of the mother Catholic hospitals came
under fire again in 2016 when one in
Chicago refused to remove a woman's IUD
a contraceptive device inserted into the
woman's uterus the woman eventually got
the device removed by an
other doctor but not before it caused
internal lacerations this practice
becomes even more surprising when you
consider that one in every six patients
in the US is cared for at a Catholic
hospital and that such institutions are
partially funded by tax payers meaning
that Americans are forced to pay into a
system that can limit some patients
healthcare options as long as the legal
system continues to adhere to moral and
religious objections doctors will
continue to have the power to pick and
choose whom they care for we can't do
episodes like this without our sponsors
and this episode is brought to you by
domain.com if you're an entrepreneur
innovator or building a small business
domain.com is the place to go when that
next great idea hits you domain.com is
affordable reliable and easy to use get
20% off domain coms already affordable
domain names and web hosting when you
use the coupon code seeker at checkout
when you think domain names think
domain.com despite the fact that doctors
can ostensibly deny treatment to certain
patients costs for health care are
through the roof the u.s. is well known
for its exorbitant health care costs
which are the number one reason for
bankruptcy in the country but why is it
so expensive find out in this video well
health care in the United States is very
different from healthcare in the rest of
the world the u.s. is one of the only
developed countries without universal
health care for its citizens thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
you
