here at secret we spend a lot of time
making great content and sharing
important information with our community
in a constantly changing digital news
world it's tough to stay on top that's
why we want to give a huge shout out to
our partner Phil DeFranco for reaching
the incredible milestone of creating
content online for 10 years if you
haven't already be sure to check out his
channel and make sure to congratulate
him on this incredible achievement
there's one phrase I here at La why
don't I get a real job philip defranco
entertainment kapil the world it is the
affray oh I'm enjoying myself this show
is really not a show just me talk about
some of the stuff that match me today in
the news let's just jump into it
as always my name is philip defranco
you've just been phill'd in her yo faces
and I'll see you tomorrow you can
subscribe to fill defranco's channel
right here to get all of his new videos
every day
