every year millions of Muslims from
every corner of the globe gather in the
Saudi Arabian city of Mecca nearly every
one of them arrived as part of a mass
pilgrimage to the holiest site in Islam
a journey known as the Hajj this ritual
is one of the largest temporary
migrations in the world so we wanted to
know what is the significance of the
Hajj and why do Muslims travel to Mecca
well the Hajj is a deeply religious
event which occurs every year from the
8th to the 12th or 13th day of the last
month of the Islamic lunar calendar this
month is known as dhul Hijjah and since
the Western Gregorian calendar and the
Islamic calendar do not follow the same
time keeping standard the Gregorian is
solar this date is different for Western
cultures every year
although the Hajj is annual Muslims are
only obligated to make the journey once
in their lives in fact one is only
allowed to go if they're an adult
physically able and can make sure their
family is provided for in their absence
the location and journey itself hold
deep religious significance Mecca is
considered the birthplace of Islam's
Prophet Muhammad and the area of his
first revelation
however it's believed that the Hajj has
been practiced since the days of Ibrahim
some 2,000 years earlier the journeys
and rituals are based on a number of
rituals performed by Ibrahim after being
commanded by God to leave his wife and
child
eventually Ibrahim built the Kaaba a
sacred black structure directing Muslims
to travel to it a journey first
officially completed by the Prophet
Muhammad around 628 a.d pilgrims who
arrived in Mecca must perform a number
of rituals to complete the Hajj they
begin and end at the Kaaba which today
is an enormous black cube in the center
of Mecca pilgrims must walk
counterclockwise seven times around it
after which they go back and forth
between two significant hills then drink
from a particular well hold a vigil at
Mount Arafat sleep in the open air and
collect 49 stones to later throw at
three pillars to symbolize stoning the
devil these regions are several miles
away from each other and pilgrims are
expected to travel among them by foot
although in recent years a monorail
system has been put in place by the
Saudi government near the end of the
journey mail pilgrims shaved their heads
and perform an animal sacrifice and the
Hajj finally culminates in an enormous
multi-day festival called the festival
of sacrifice those who have completed
the pilgrimage often add the title
hadji to their names as a sort of social
signifier
however with literally millions of
pilgrims topping out more than 3 million
in 2012 some of these rituals are
approximated due to logistical issues
pilgrims used to kiss the black stone of
the Kaaba now they must simply point at
it if they can't reach it instead of
pillars visitors now throw stones at
long walls and the animal sacrifice is
no longer performed by individuals
it's instead done by the Saudi
government on behalf of all the pilgrims
the huge number of attendees is also
somewhat dangerous in 1990 a stampede in
a tunnel killed more than 1,400 people
and a similar stampede in 2015 resulted
in more than 2,000 deaths according to
the Associated Press
as of 2016 the Saudi government has even
implemented GPS bracelets to keep track
of pilgrims and to notify them of the
appropriate times to perform the rituals
for many the pilgrimage signifies a sort
of rebirth of their faith this yearly
event holds deep and significant ties to
Islamic history and despite its slow
evolution to accommodate the massive
number of attendees the Hajj effectively
remains a requirement for all Muslims
over the next few decades the amount of
people partaking in the Hajj will
increase dramatically Muslims are
expected to double in population by 2035
to find out what Islam and other
religions will look like in the future
watch our video here but over the next
35 years as the world population grows
by another third Muslims are expected to
nearly double at the same time the rest
of the world's religions including the
unaffiliated are expected to stay
relatively stable and even drop slightly
in proportion to the big two thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
you
