in August 2016 the Colombian government
and the Marxist insurgent group FARC
agreed to a historic peace treaty the
conflict between the two has been the
longest in Latin America spanning more
than 50 years in that time over a
quarter million people have been killed
and millions displaced as a result of
the insurgency but not all Colombians
are excited about the proposed deal
which will only be approved after a
public vote on October 2nd
so after decades of war what would peace
look like for Colombia
well the root of the conflict stems from
a civil war from 1948 to 1958 called la
valencia or the violence this war was
sparked by the assassination of a
popular politician and divided the
country into the Conservative government
of Colombia against the rural communists
liberals eventually the rural rebels
developed an armed force which they
called FARC today most estimates place
its total membership number under 10,000
since its creation FARC has fought
against the Colombian government using
guerrilla tactics and even terrorism
this left-leaning force participated in
kidnapping ransom extortion and drug
trafficking to fund its anti imperialist
operations multiple Western governments
including the United States classify
FARC as a terrorist group while some
governments like Venezuela have
conditionally offered their support but
with a ceasefire signed in June 2016
this new peace treaty effectively ends
FARC s' guerrilla activities following
nearly four years of negotiations so
what did the two sides agree to and why
is it controversial well despite the
violent and deadly history of the
conflict the main point of the peace
treaty was to actually incorporate FARC
into the Colombian government the
agreement gives them representation in
Congress for at least the next two years
as well as five seats in the Senate and
another five seats in the lower chambers
in return the group must disarm form a
legitimate political party slow down its
involvement in drug trafficking and
address human rights abuses over the
past five decades former FARC members
will allegedly also receive a rather
large government stipend along with a
potential cash payment to start their
own businesses and while it seems
strange to allow an alleged terrorist
group into the government its
relatively common for example in Ireland
the political party associated with the
Irish Republican Army shin Fane is the
second largest party in the Northern
Ireland Assembly
however the IRA has been considered a
terror group for much of its existence
and in Lebanon Hezbollah a widely
considered terrorist organization holds
multiple seats in parliament this
agreement between FARC and Colombia
won't go into effect until voters
approve it in what is called a
plebiscite but the increased political
sway of a group that has caused terror
and violence over the past 50 years is a
hard pill to swallow for many Colombians
if it ultimately proves to be too much
and voters reject parks entry into the
government it is possible but the
endless war will resume again so who
exactly are the FARC rebels and how did
they get their start find out in this
video the US and the European Union
lists them as a terrorist group
Colombian officials have also referred
to FARC as a terrorist organization or a
criminal band it's reported that they
make up to 600 million dollars per year
in profits from drug trafficking
kidnapping extortion and unofficial
taxes and by this account they are
considered the third wealthiest
terrorist group in the world a 2009 US
report said that FARC controls 60% of
the cocaine supplied to the United
States thanks for watching seeker daily
everyone don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos from us every
day
