in June 2016 New York Governor Andrew
Cuomo signed an executive order for the
state to stop doing business with those
who support boycott divestment and
sanctions against Israel also called the
BDS movement BDS has been a polarizing
movement among those who hope to hold
Israel accountable for human rights and
international law violations while
others like Governor Cuomo have
dismissed the legitimacy of the movement
so what exactly is BDS well in 2004 the
UN's International Court of Justice gave
an advisory opinion that Israel's West
Bank wall violated international law but
with the u.s. a permanent member of the
UN Security Council no action was taken
so on the one year anniversary of the
ICJ's opinion the BDS movement was
founded in protest and today the
movement is endorsed by more than 170
international pro Palestinian
organizations their specific goals are
to end Israeli occupation of the West
Bank Gaza Strip and Golan Heights as
well as to give full equality to Arab
Palestinian citizens living in Israel
additionally BDS supports the right of
modern Palestinians to return and claim
land and property left behind by their
families after the 1948 Palestinian
exodus from Israel to accomplish these
goals they first start by organizing
demonstrations and boycotts against
companies that do business with the
Israeli military or which are located
within the controversial Israeli
settlements one French own municipal
company ended up selling off its Israeli
held water waste and energy businesses
after years of being targeted by the BDS
movement the boycott led to several
countries and organizations divesting
from the company and allegedly led to
them losing valuable public contracts in
parts of Europe the US and the Middle
East the BDS movement also pressures
countries to levy sanctions on Israel
focused on ending its military
partnerships economic trade agreements
and diplomatic relations between state
representatives as of 2016 no country
has yet to implement official sanctions
against Israel
at first the movement was considered
weak and ineffective with the Economist
noting in 2007 that blaming Israel alone
for the impasse and the occupied
territories will continue to strike many
outsiders as unfair however in recent
years the BDS movement has entered
mainstream politics and by 2014 The
Economist had reversed its position
financial institutions began liquidating
Holdings on Israeli banks and even
high-profile politicians like US
Secretary of State John Kerry warned
Israel of boycotts if they resisted the
USS efforts to end the conflict but can
the BDS movement actually make Israel
change its policies well some point to
the effectiveness of sanctions at
forcing an end to apartheid in South
Africa as an example others show that
international pressure has gotten Israel
to change course before in 1989 the
European Parliament threatened to freeze
funds for scientific research in Israel
unless Israel open Palestinian
universities that had been closed within
a year the universities were gradually
reopened while international
organizations are relatively powerless
against Israel and by proxy the United
States the international community
likely does have the ability to pressure
Israel into reconsidering its position
on the Palestinian conflict this
conflict has been unfolding since the
creation of Israel in the mid 1900s if
you want us to take you back a few
decades to find out just how it all
began you can watch our breakdown of the
conflict here they broke the area up
with borders that looked like this
Israel is in the green Palestine is in
the orange the problem was a lot of the
Palestinians lived in the area now
controlled by Israel and some Israelis
lived in the area now controlled by
Palestine the Arab world thought that
Israel was infringing on the state they
were promised after the war and Israel
was already starting to disenfranchise
Palestinians who were stuck inside their
borders thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
new videos every day
