in August 2016 the United Nations urged
the Philippines new president Rodrigo
Duterte
to stop promoting the unlawful killings
of suspected drug users in just three
months scores of people have been killed
as a result of duterte extreme response
to the war on drugs although this brutal
rhetoric has shocked many outside of the
Philippines those who voted for Duterte
point to widespread crime and drug
addiction as issues only solvable by an
aggressive leader
so how is duterte cracking down on his
violent war on drugs and crime well do
territories focus on crime is not
unfounded before his presidency he was
mayor of Davao City the fourth most
crime-ridden City and country the second
highest for rape and the highest for
murder from 2010 to 2015 it saw more
than 37,000 crimes including murder
homicide physical injury rape robbery
theft and carjacking and this trend
across the country has been on the rise
in 2015 crime rates jumped by nearly 50
percent from January to June in 2005
philippine police reported to have
solved upwards of 90% of cases but by
2014 fewer than a third of cases were
said to have been solved the police
alleged that this is not the result of
increasing crime but under reporting in
prior years
nonetheless duterte has singled out drug
use as the primary enemy in his new
regime the president has been quoted
encouraging people to kill drug users
themselves as an alternative to calling
the police
in just the three months following
Duterte selection 1,900 people and
Counting have been reportedly killed by
police and vigilantes with many bodies
burying cardboard signs noting their
alleged crimes mostly drug-related
in fact the Philippines does suffer from
a widespread drug problem most commonly
used illegal drug is crystal
methamphetamine also called shabu
accounting for nearly 90 percent of drug
seizures in 2014 three years prior the
United Nations reported that the
Philippines was the largest user of
shabu in East Asia although the drug
itself originates mostly from China
Chinese criminal syndicates traffic the
drug through the Philippines accounting
for its wide
use in the most populated metro area of
Manila roughly 92 percent of the
districts are affected by drug use but
the response by the government and
police has been shockingly excessive
besides widespread murder by civilians
sanctioned by the new President the
police themselves are regularly accused
of committing criminal acts in 2014
Amnesty International reported that a
secret philippine prison was discovered
where police systematically tortured
inmates even making games out of it many
Filipino residents voted for Duterte
because he promised to take a tough
stance on the Philippines drug war and
since taking office a whopping 91
percent of residents surveyed still
support their new president but many
around the world do not see
extrajudicial murder as a solution
instead opponents push for drug
rehabilitation programs an eradication
of Chinese criminal syndicates and more
accountable policing but with duterte in
power for the next six years there seems
little chance of a ramp down in violence
so how did a leader with such a ruthless
reputation get into power who exactly is
Rodrigo Duterte find out in this video
Duterte has even promised to kill
thousands of criminals if elected saying
I do not want to be President I do not
want to kill people so do not elect me
as president thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for new videos every day
