tension and violence between
Palestinians and Israelis isn't anything
new in fact there have been a number of
mass Palestinian uprisings against
Israel in the past that have lasted for
years hey guys I'm Judah this is now
this world and in this episode we're
going to answer the question what were
the Palestinian Intifada us first let's
look at the word itself Intifada
directly translates from Arabic to mean
shake or shaking this is why many in the
Arab world and Beyond refer to these
political uprisings as such the First
Intifada which took place throughout the
Palestinian territories including the
Gaza Strip the West Bank and East
Jerusalem was the culmination of years
of dissatisfaction over Israel's
occupation of these territories in the
years leading up to the unrest
Palestinians faced economic hardships
and the expansion of what the UN
Security Council called illegal Israeli
settlements in these territories they
were subjected to repressive measures
like raids arrests deportations and more
but abroad the Palestinians Arab
neighbors were shifting their focus away
from the conflict in the Palestinian
territories and towards the iraq-iran
war this contributed to a growing sense
of Palestinian nationalism in tensions
continued to culminate until December
1987 when an Israeli military vehicle
crashed into a car in the job alia
refugee camp in northern Gaza killing 4
Palestinians
many believe this crash was not an
accident but rather retaliation for the
stabbing death of an Israeli man in Gaza
days earlier this event is what many
attribute as the catalyst of the first
uprising the protests were largely
spontaneous disorganized and nonviolent
some Palestinians began demonstrating in
public using nonviolent measures like
boycotting and refusing to work in
Israel while other protesters resorted
to things like throwing rocks and
Molotov cocktails on Israelis throughout
the demonstration and the Israeli
military cracked down on these
demonstrations with a heavy hand then
Israeli Defense Minister Yitzhak Rabine
even implemented a policy referred to as
the broken bone policy which ordered
security forces to break the limbs of
Palestinians and other demonstrators who
threw stones towards the end of the
uprising some Palestinian militants
resorted to extreme violence they began
carrying out suicide bombings in Israel
over the course of the First Intifada
the United
States would go on to recognize Yasser
Arafat's PLO as the quote sole
legitimate representative of the
Palestinian people and in 1992 Israel's
Labor Party won elections which gave
them the mandate to begin engaging with
the PLO the First Intifada ended in 1993
with the signing of the Oslo Accords
which gave both sides hope that peace
could be possible one expert even says
this uprising was responsible for the
birth of the peace process between
Israelis and Palestinians over the
course of this first uprising more than
1,000 Palestinians were killed and tens
of thousands more were injured by
Israeli forces and approximately 150
Israelis were killed by Palestinians
during this period in the hope that the
Oslo courts brought to Israelis and
Palestinians that quickly waned the
Accords reality on the ground didn't
live up to its expectations especially
for Palestinians after the end of the
First Intifada the Israeli occupation of
Gaza and the West Bank deepened the
socio-economic standing and freedom of
movement also significantly deteriorated
for Palestinians during this time ends
in July 2000 the Camp David summit in
Washington which aimed to negotiate
peace between both sides collapse
further escalating tensions in the
region this ultimately led to a second
Intifada which began in September 2000
after peace talks broke down some also
refer to this as the al-aqsa Intifada
due to what many Palestinians say caused
the second uprising on September 28 2010
Israeli opposition leader Ariel cherone
made a controversial visit to a site in
East Jerusalem known by Jews as the
Temple Mount and by Muslims as Haram
al-sharif which houses the al-aqsa
mosque tensions rose as a fight broke
out between worshippers and cherone
security guards but some Israelis blame
the PLoS Yasser Arafat for launching the
Intifada with his decision to turn to
violence regardless of which narrative
you believe there was a clear mistrust
between both sides that escalated really
quickly into violence following the end
of the peace negotiations in the first
few days of demonstrations scores of
Palestinians were killed by Israeli
security forces who Amnesty
International said used excessive force
a brutal campaign of violence by
Palestinian militants followed their
tactics this time around included
suicide bombings that this goes and
Strong's as well as rocket and sniper
tax and the Israelis resorted to deadly
measures themselves even launching a
full-blown military campaign in the Gaza
Strip called operation defensive shield
in 2002 over the course of the Second
Intifada about 1,000 Israelis and 3,200
Palestinians were killed while some
debate win this Intifada actually ended
February 8th 2005 is most commonly
referred to as its ending that's when
Israeli prime minister Ariel sharone and
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas
declared a truce at the Sharm el-sheikh
summit in Egypt since the end of the
last Intifada the peace process has
remained largely stagnant in the lives
of Palestinians particularly in Gaza has
only gotten worse
so could recent protests turn into a
third intifada let me know what you
think in the comments below
