in July 2016 a knife attack in Japan
killing 19 people sent shockwaves across
the country this was the largest mass
killing ever seen in Japan's modern
history in fact over the last 60 years
Japan's violent crime rate has steadily
declined and today the country has one
of the lowest homicide rates in the
world so why is it that Japan is so safe
well many attribute the low rate of
crime to the low rate of gun ownership
according to separate reports by the
University of Chicago and the United
Nations just one in 175 households in
Japan owned firearms compared to the
United States whereas one in 3 this is
largely because Japan makes purchasing a
gun extremely difficult most firearms
are illegal as the country's 1958
weapons control law states that no
person shall possess firearms or swords
and even exceptions to this law are
heavily regulated according to the
Atlantic buying a gun in Japan requires
a rigorous background check screenings
for mental illness and sobriety as well
as an all-day class ending in a written
exam
what is more gun owners must provide law
enforcement with the exact location of
their weapon and ammunition both of
which must be locked and stored
separately gun owners are even required
to retake the class every three years
and hand over their weapon to police for
annual exams others credit Japan's
safety to its highly efficient criminal
justice system
police extract confessions from 95% of
those arrested and according to their
own data solved 98% of homicide cases
the conviction rate is also reportedly
very high at 99 percent as juries do not
exist but Japan's criminal justice
system is not perfect courthouses are
understaffed and judges are reportedly
promoted according to the speed by which
they process cases this pressure to
convict provides the illusion that every
crime is investigated and solved but
many allege that the system does not
paint an accurate picture of violent
crime rates in Japan this is all against
the backdrop of Japan's uniquely
non-violent culture which strongly
emphasizes honor and politeness and
considers anger and aggression shameful
even childish some experts link this to
the aftermath of World War two when
Japan constitutionally and
philosophically rejected violence after
being victim to
two nuclear attacks soon after the crime
rate began to steadily drop and today
Japanese men commit roughly 1/10 of the
homicides that they did in the mid 20th
century there are a slew of other
reasons as to why the Japanese are for
the most part abiding by the law
some experts point to the country's low
rates of poverty unemployment and drug
use but it is likely that not one but a
combination of these factors make Japan
one of the safest countries in the world
but while Japan is safe it is also home
to one of the largest criminal
organizations in the world the Yakuza
find out just how powerful the Yakuza
really is by watching this video with
more than 50,000 members spread over 21
independently run cartels the Yakuza is
one of the most powerful mafia liked
groups in the world their largest and
most well known syndicate is Yamaguchi
Gumi in 2014 this faction took in 6.6
billion dollars thanks for watching
seeker daily everyone make sure you like
and subscribe so you get new videos from
us every day
