in the early 1970s the United Arab
Emirates was an impoverished desert with
little access to food water and
well-paying jobs today the country looks
nothing like it did 45 years ago do oh
no small part to oil the UAE has
completely transformed the country is
now one of the largest economies in the
Middle East and its per capita GDP is on
par with highly developed European
nations so as a fairly new country with
a recent influx of wealth we wanted to
know just how powerful is the United
Arab Emirates
well geographically speaking the UAE is
fairly small at just over 30 thousand
square miles the country is roughly the
size of the US state of South Carolina
the UAE s population of just over 9
million is also fairly insignificant
however it's growing fast over the last
two decades
the population has nearly quadrupled due
to a high birth rate and a rapid influx
of migrant workers the majority of which
are from India today non-nationals make
up more than 80 percent of the UAE
population an overwhelming majority of
UAE immigrants are in the country for
one reason jobs the UAE s economy is the
most diversified in the Persian Gulf and
its most populous city Dubai is emerging
as a hub for travel trade and aviation
in terms of tourism Dubai ranks first
among cities in the Middle East and
according to some measurements fifth in
the world the UAE is extremely conducive
to private businesses and the free
market in the countries 38 free trade
zones businesses and corporations even
those that are owned by foreigners are
exempt from all taxes and all UAE
residents enjoy no sales or income tax
as well as very low property taxes with
little revenue coming from taxes the UAE
s government is left extremely dependent
on its primary export oil
even after efforts diversify the economy
the resource still contributes to about
40 percent of the UAE s more than 350
billion dollar GDP as global demand for
oil is slowed the country has been
forced to make up for the loss by
reducing public spending including
eliminating fuel subsidies in 2015 the
UAE has also made great strides in terms
of defense over the last two decades the
country has diversified its weapons
trade expanded its army and
belt its existing military technology
today the UAE has a fairly small army of
roughly 65,000 troops but with a sizable
defense budget of more than 14 billion
dollars as a result their small army is
technologically advanced and well
equipped the UAE is also a close ally to
the United States in fact over the last
two decades it's fought alongside the US
more times than any other Arab nation
these conflicts include the ongoing war
in Afghanistan the 1990 Gulf War and the
current fight against Isis the UAE is
also relatively peaceful and compared to
its neighbors in the Persian Gulf enjoys
little domestic dissent however the
country is far from perfect as rapid
development has paved the way for
widespread abuse of migrant workers and
although the country appears to be
modern and progressive its autocratic
government is frequently accused of
jeopardizing free speech by suppressing
dissent forcing disappearances and even
torturing suspects there's no question
that the UAE is well on its way to
becoming a financial superpower but in
order to modernize and expand its
economy it may need to clean up its
human rights record first we couldn't
make fascinating episodes like this for
that our sponsor domain.com if you're an
entrepreneur innovator or building a
small business domain.com
is the place to go when that next great
idea hits you join millions of others
online with your com or.net domain name
be recognized with the world's premier
web addresses and our friends at
domain.com are giving seeker fans 20%
off domain names and web hosting when
you use coupon code seeker at checkout
the United Arab Emirates is one of the
richest countries in the region but it
doesn't match their oil giant neighbor
Saudi Arabia so if you think the UAE
wields some serious influence you might
want to check out just how powerful the
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is find out here
Saudi Arabia holds about 16% of the
world's proven oil deposits and because
of this they have made powerful friends
like the United States and the United
Kingdom but Saudi Arabia's true prowess
comes from its military thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
you
