on July 15 2016 a faction of the Turkish
military tried and failed to overthrow
the country's government Turkey erupted
in chaos and thousands of citizens
spilled into the streets during the
attempted coup the military took over
the state-run TV channel announcing that
they would impose a curfew and place the
nation under martial law had the coup
been successful it would have been the
fourth time Turkey had been placed under
such conditions so what exactly is
martial law well in the simplest terms
martial law means that the military has
replaced the standing government as such
the highest ranking military official
becomes the head of state and the
country's constitution along with
individual rights and freedoms are
suspended martial law is usually a
response to a malicious corrupt or
inefficient government and is imposed
after a coup d'etat or political
uprising but in rare instances it can
occur during a conflict or after a
natural disaster when the state is
particularly vulnerable in the United
States martial law is directly linked to
the writ of habeas corpus which broadly
speaking gives the judiciary the power
to oversee law enforcement when habeas
corpus is suspended the country is
arguably in a state of martial law this
has only happened on a federal level
once when President Lincoln suspended
habeas corpus during the Civil War
however it has happened on a state or
local level a number of times for
example what is now the state of Hawaii
was placed under martial law following
the Pearl Harbor attack in world war ii
the city of San Francisco has dealt with
martial law twice once after the 1906
earthquake and again in 1934 when the
California governor responded to the
dock workers strike by placing just the
docks under martial law but in certain
countries particularly in Southeast Asia
martial law is not nearly as rare the
Philippines for instance has instituted
martial law five times one of which
lasted nearly a decade in Thailand the
military has seized power a whopping 12
times in the last century the most
recent instance was in 2014 when the
military Hunta out stood the
democratically elected government amid
months of violent protests martial law
was lifted the following year only to be
replaced with a law that grants the
military Hunta sweeping powers in the
name of maintaining peace and stability
military officials can seize assets
censor the media and detain or arrest
anyone suspected of crimes against
Thailand's royal family in most
countries martial law is a last resort
and as a result is extremely rare the
military tends to seize power during a
time of political or social unrest
however they often have the opposite
effect that is creating a violent police
state so it's understandable that
citizens of countries that have been
placed under martial law several times
would be wary of such conditions for
instance during the attempted coup in
Turkey many citizens came out in support
of their controversial president and
ruling party for those familiar with
martial law a corrupt or otherwise
unjust government is often times better
than the alternative we couldn't make
fascinating episodes like this without
our sponsor domain.com if you are an
entrepreneur an innovator or building a
small business domain.com is the place
to go when that next great idea hits you
join millions of others online with your
com or.net domain name be recognized
with the world's premier web addresses
and our friends at domain.com are giving
seeker fans 20% off domain names and web
hosting when you use the coupon code
seeker at checkout now this is far from
the first coup d'etat in Turkey so what
exactly is a coup d'etat check out this
video to learn more
rebellions our power shifts brought on
by a popular mandate of the people it's
the result of the masses removing a
replacement government or its leaders in
2014 in both of kasnia and Burkina Faso
the heads of state were forcibly removed
from power those heads of states claimed
that this was done in a coup but
according to experts that claim is more
of a political play than a reality
thanks for watching seeker daily make
sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every day
