you
hi I'm Joel Sue's Dalton with seeker
daily and we're here on day three of the
republican national convention in
Cleveland Ohio right now we're in the
YouTube studios and i'm here with
francesca from aj plus john from the
young turks and the desk up from complex
news thank you guys so much for joining
us sure thanks for having me so
yesterday Trump got the number of voting
needed to secure the nomination which I
think none of us have expected you know
a year ago let's say so I think part of
the reason that people are saying he's
grown so much in popularity is that he
has a cult of personality now if you
don't know what a cult of personality is
it's when a person uses mass media to
build up their image to a heroic level
where their flaws are ignored and their
virtues are hugely exemplified one of
the first times that this has happened
that in recent memory or not so recent
is the 1960 debate between Nixon and
Kennedy I think we have a picture from
that to show you to illustrate exactly
how that looks so you know Nixon looks
wiping the blood oh yeah he doesn't look
good it's actually right after this
debate Nixon's mom called him and asked
him if he was sick that's true on the
other side you have Kennedy who looks
amazing it just is a beautiful man dr.
president's actual skin color at that
point that's it yeah I'm off yeah but so
you know when you look at a picture like
that it sort of seems like the
difference between the two is not about
politics it's about really how well
they're presenting and that's such a
huge part of a cult of personality that
I think is you know translated through
the last 50 60 years since the invention
tell ya it since television became the
mainstream for politics there anybody
else you guys can like roll out Lou was
also the first televised presidential
debate I mean that was the other thing
that you know for the first time instead
of radio debates we're actually seeing
them and basically judging them on how
tall they are what they're what's hi
there wearing my language absolutely
yeah there's actually there's a it's
it's you know not it's not totally true
but there
study that came out that said people who
listened to the debate on the radio
found that Nixon won and watched on TV
thought that Kennedy won right and that
you know that was almost the launch of
this sort of ability to build a
personality through the media yep one of
the things I think is interesting about
Trump as the figurehead of a culture
personality is that he's definitely a
new version of it I mean obviously if
you're talking about using mass media to
build up a person and create an image of
who you want them to think they are
whether they're actually anything like
that heading up a reality show for a
number of years that's pretty big and
then also he's so different than people
like the leaders of North Korea where or
Stalin for instance where they'll
attribute very specific qualities and
characteristics to them like he has
never bowled anything other than 300 or
he goes every month that he gives
presents to the the town's folk which
they say about Stalin whereas with Trump
it's like he's rich and he wins and we
can mock his physical appearance and all
that there's not actual life experience
that that makes him rise up above other
people it's just as general sense of he
succeeded and he's saying this stuff i
want to say but people call me racist
and I mean I almost think that that's a
hallmark in and of itself of somebody
with a cult of personality where the the
details don't matter as long as they
built themselves up to be something that
people want to be a part of I you know
when when George W Bush was running for
office I think one of the most common
thing said was uh you know I'd like to
have a beer with him that's not a
political position but that's become
what we look for in a president that's a
pretty messed up since he was recovering
alcoholic but to your point Jules a
charm is always an important thing for
any facet of life charm could get you a
lot of places if you don't have talent
right and so for Trump I when I think of
well-loved presidents like Kennedy and
Bill Clinton and Obama I think of them
as being very charismatic and charming
truck doesn't have charm but something
is still really working out for him
right maybe just being loud and not
necessarily charming can I just say that
like this entire conversation it's all
very meta and it kind of makes you want
to vomit in my mouth
because really it's the media also
that's been so I'm like what is it about
that racist you know like so to me it's
it's I think the media really has played
into it and it's being able to trump
love the bash us by the way people in
the media anyone who's covering him and
at the same time we and I would argue
much more mainstream networks have made
him and it was funny I mean listen to
the head of CBS right les Moonves said
about Trump it might be bad for America
but it's damn good for CBS now you have
that the head of CBS and a major network
saying that like what is the role of the
media and to actually hold back that
cult of personality and say slow down we
need actually focus on the issues here
yeah we saw the same thing to happen you
know in the UK in terms of the brexit
vote you know it was like oh we just
want to follow this we're getting rating
for getting rabies rating ratings and
then wait a minute we forgot to inform
our viewers oh yeah that's almost I
think uh it's almost like the media is
used more as a tool then I think a you
know that the media trying not to cover
certain subjects I mean one thing about
Trump that is absolutely clear is that
he's really really good at getting media
attention and that's something he's
doing intentionally it's not so much
that you know the media is chasing after
him waiting for him to you know stumble
or say something crazy he knows that
that's why they're following him so
that's what he does he it's feeding the
Beast I think there's a bit of that
though we criticized on CIT how often
like Bernie Sanders would win a couple
of primary elections and that night
you'd flip to MSNBC and instead of
seeing Bernie speaking on the night of
his victories you'd see an empty Trump
podium yeah because they figured oh
that'll draw more people literally just
a block of wood will draw more people
but I will say though about the cult of
personality it's a natural outgrowth of
the fact that we have celebrity worship
and hero worship we worship our founding
fathers we worship our literal fathers
and mothers and we do all that and it
doesn't have to be a bad thing like
there's JFK a Reagan I guess I mean
these are guys that had cults of
personality but they also had policies
they had platforms they had things they
wanted to accomplish they were
relatively intellectual men maybe not
Reagan so much
but Trump just has the cult of
personality and a wall and that's
basically it and it's amazing to see you
get this far without even like like
Stalin wanted to collective eyes and he
wanted to do all this crazy he had
actual policies I also think it's safe I
mean I'm sorry but like it is safe to
cover this just a knee-jerk response or
some kind of crazy response oh my gosh
what do you say about Mexicans Muslims
this that of course you should cover it
of course you know you shouldn't let it
go but it's it's so much safer to cover
of candidate like Trump watch I'm going
to say then to actually talk about the
issues and to talk about single-payer
health care and the talk about its folk
so funny cuz Bernie was always like oh
yeah this guy this crazy loon wants a
single-payer healthcare yeah that's
never gonna happen some wants to build a
wall of Mexicans how's he gonna do that
where's it gonna find all the cement we
must talk it was just like are you
seeing me any and you see it sells so
much more to just cover the personality
cover the family cover Melania come you
know rather than actually covering the
issues that's where things get dangerous
it wasn't a refraction of just the State
of America right now in social media if
Trump is running for president before
the age of social media would has impact
have been the same we're in a generation
where we worship people on social media
who don't do much vitac selfies
sometimes I'm not saying that everyone
on social media is like that but that is
where our culture is hard work doesn't
necessarily chalk up to the same success
that it did years ago and I feel like
that's why we are close to electic a man
who is a social reality TV star it's a
slippery slope right cuz you're like oh
man if Trump now then Kardashian next
like what if she wanted to run for like
that into existence I the inception but
it's almost because and I hate to say
this but politics is really boring and
you know what Trump is doing is I again
hate to say it polish it go excited I've
been a higher time like I've been one of
the biggest trump haters in the country
I don't find it exciting i find it to be
an incredibly repetitive even inside of
paragraphs he repeats himself so often i
think the only reason many people out
they're watching five to be exciting is
because of how boring other politicians
are really i think that's it i mean if
you look at the the you know people were
trying to be the nominee on the
Republican side a lot of people are
saying that if there had been one you
know reasonable level headed person then
yeah you know you woulda blown Trump out
of the water but that didn't happen yeah
we know there it was I I think Jon
Stewart said something that it really
resonated with me recently he said you
know if basically Trump showed all these
politicians right left Democrat
Republican but he could just out
demagogue them he could just go like
speak louder than them be more extreme
than them and that's what happens when
you don't have actual policy or actual
leadership you get out demagogue you get
demagogues and and so how is we as
citizens as voters equip ourselves
against this demagoguery cuz it's scary
it really is and I think it's not funny
anymore right and I think especially if
you're Muslim you know if you are
Mexican like these are not just words I
mean black lives matter protesters were
brutalized and have been brutalized the
immigrants have been brutalized because
verbatim Donald Trump wants you to go
like this is for Donald Trump or says
I'm bad right hell out of them i'll pay
your legal be very clearly but I mean
it's almost that's almost I think the
saddest thing is in spite of all that
he's still you know like you're saying
the media is continuing to cover him it
almost feels like a like a
self-fulfilling cycle it's a self
running machine well also though I mean
we have to acknowledge in all cult of
personality the stuff that rises to that
level the danger is that the leader is
inoculated against criticism for the
most part of dissenting voices are
drowned out that's the danger but not
all call to first cults of personality
are built in the same way like we've had
Obama who had one I was a devotee of it
since 2004 even Bernie Sanders to some
extent as I felt a personality and so
does Trump but they're not built on the
same thing I mean Obama had posters that
said hope and change it was positive
feelings about how we can improve the
world we can we can take ourselves out
of these unnecessary Wars stop killing
civilians those are positive things
Trump has a cult of personality but it
ain't positive no no but the thing is
that that's not even necessarily a
factor of I mean like
said it's Stalin had a cult of
personality and I've heard a lot of
comparisons between Trump and Silvio
Berlusconi who they both you know they
both came out of money and and aren't
beholden to anyone both say pretty crazy
things do pretty crazy things yeah um
Mussolini also another time Mussolini
another Italian adores I'm and and
Mussolini had a human he loved to put on
a big show we you know we were looking
at old newsreels during that time right
and the newscast was like one thing
about Mussolini he knows how to put on a
good show you know there is like
goose-stepping it's like yeah and then
it's like some people think Mussolini
will be less dangerous in office or this
is about Hitler so I'm saying is
demagogues and authoritarians I know
hold your personalities right throughout
time I've always been said well and you
when you talk to trump supporters they
say the same thing he doesn't mean it
you know I know he said those things
about women he doesn't mean it he does
in like because somehow i think is John
you said there's a hypnosis where it's
like somehow people think they know him
they think they see his heart he doesn't
mean it you know what's incredible about
that is there's a psychological term
called a pair of social interaction
which is where it's a one directional
interaction so something like a person
watching a TV so you know you only get
the host or the ER guess whatever
talking to you but by using certain
Hughes by by watching long enough it
begins to feel like a two-way
interaction you begin to feel like you
can identify and associate with the
people on screen and that kind of you
know psychological concept builds a
relationship in your brain where you
know you'll watch something and you'll
watch Trump and you know some people
will say oh I get him I I know him I
almost feel like you know I would be
hanging out with him now that's what I
think it's confusing to me because I
think we can look at a president like
Obama and a lot of like young black kids
can look at him and be like oh he's just
like me he loves basketball he loves
hip-hop he hangs out with jay-z maybe I
can grow up to be like him what does the
common American see with average
American see that they have in common
with Donald Trump you just a really
really rich man
he's getting richer and richer by the
second I just don't see what it is that
they connect with unfortunate so when
especially was was born rich was handed
million-dollar like he works his way up
so there's a connection there his son
who spoke last night was given a winery
to run but this is the guy that speaking
for the common man I mean the wine art
from the body now you can say well look
he started where I was and look where he
ended up truck was given wealth beyond
imagination right um uh I I was talking
to this one woman at the GOP California
convention and you know she said
something that I think maybe some women
there resonates with him which is like
you know he's a big strong man he's
gonna shake she said those words he's I
think he's gonna take care of us you
know he's big and strong and it was like
honey don't give away your power like
that but I mean she was an older woman
sure and it's just like he's just a big
strong man who's gonna take care of us I
also think in his corporate buddies to
what what John's against the cult of
personality I think one of the most
interesting things about it is it has to
live in that duality where on the one
hand you're a hero worship figure on the
other hand you relate to the common man
yeah and there are so many factors that
go into that that it's it's I mean
clearly that the people that we've seen
that are like that candidates are we see
none like that do fulfill that role it
is almost a prerequisite but getting to
it is it's clearly a false narrative you
can't really be both you can't identify
with the common man and own a winery
what let's just talk about Bernie
Sanders honestly like this is where you
gotta hand it to Bernie I mean the dude
created a cult of personality around his
anti cult of personality he never want
to talked about his never wanted to talk
about his personal life never wanted to
sort of you know you know banter with
people he was about the issues and yet
people found a way to worship this you
know crazed haired old you know Joey
grandpa that leg is like they're like
lovey Jewish vampires like man and and
that's amazing to me um you know he's
not sexy you didn't want to put him on
boy and what with him I think he
from the fact that the people who were
so attracted to Obama like I know I felt
like Obama was one thing during the
campaign and he's been a fine president
but he wasn't what I thought he was
going to be at the time so all of those
hopes and expectations were waiting for
another person to fill them and so what
worries me about Trump is if he doesn't
become president all of those people
have now been activated the ones who
love Trump and there might be another
politician who would for eight years
slides into that spot could be one
that's horrifying but but one other
thing you said about relating to the
common man I was doing research for this
talk and I found it so interesting
reading about Stalin in particular
because the media would always focus at
the time about the fact that he would he
would correspond via a letter with
peasants and he would literally give
presents and stuff like that he talked
to them directly and what his Trump dude
Trump retweets any moron who sends a
sweet to him and for that person it says
oh he touched me he blessed me by
putting my hands right and there's an
excuse to back away from the horrendous
things well I didn't say it what am I
like supporters it and I just retweet it
wasn't me yeah yeah sit easy cop out for
him as well amazing well there's I think
there's also this idea that actors and
reality TV stars you know have this
higher level of access to build a cult
of personality I mean a Reagan a
Schwarzenegger prompt it's it's very
seemingly easier to bridge that gap when
you already have the audience and
imagine if the rock ever runs for
president I would definitely vote for
the rock no question would totally go i
endorsing the rough right now that would
be amazing um and see I have no idea how
we would do as president but I genuinely
Amit i love the wrong i would just like
them and people feel that way about
Trump yeah unfortunately you know I
think what's interesting about this
election itself is it really may come
down to do I like this person and do I
not and Trump the you know what his base
is saying is I really really like him
whereas what Hillary's base is saying is
I really want to like her and it's it's
a difficult crap it's a difficult thing
to overcome is when you know obviously
there's there's the
Ernie bros who are you know haven't
decided which direction are going to go
um you know especially leaving the the
Bernie cult of personality and Hillary's
is I think a lot less strong even though
she's been around for for so long she
just doesn't even sound like she
believes what she's saying and I wish
and I oh I I'm interested to see you
know come DNC like if she can give a
speech where I actually believe what
she's saying and I don't say that as a
as an insult I'm just being kind of
objectively I mean she doesn't sound
like she believes herself and I don't
know but uh and i think that's
interesting some voters in New Hampshire
know if you guys have ever talked to New
Hampshire voters um because such a small
state a lot of the candidates will go
and a lot of people oh yeah you know i'm
at cruise I'm at Busch I met Clinton
they've personally met these candidates
because it's real you're fighting for
every single vote and then you ask him
who are you gonna vote for and since
they have open primaries it can be
anyone they and they're like I don't
know yet you know I'm gonna wait and see
what my gut tells me or like well you
know I love Bernie's policies but when I
shook his hand he looked away a little
too suddenly enjoy where's Clinton why
here I've never met her I don't know if
you guys have I hear she's in person
very warm actually so maybe on stage
it's not there but like when you need
hurts she connect bill had that too sad
face yeah they say bill yeah but that is
one of the biggest criticisms of Hillary
is that she doesn't seem trustworthy
which is almost kind of hilarious when
it's against Trump completely her hair
is not almost kind of hilarious
completely outrageous I think honestly
that she's not a trustworthy the right
lamb i'll see ya know we see our
audience when they react to anything we
post about Hillary or trumpets the same
thing they go for her you know the
jugular like I don't trust her and they
call her names but I'm like at the same
time we have Donald Trump who literally
will say something to you right now
they'll fact check it and prove that he
lied and he'll pretend it never happened
how do you get some eyes only one of
these people I really I can't wrap my
head around that I like that people are
being critical of a politician for their
trustworthiness I just wish that they
would be more generally critical right
like you could identify that there's
someone who doesn't stick with what they
say they're gonna do or they receive
donations and it's
like they then do with that interest
once but a lot of politicians do you
should be able to recognize that in
others yeah she hasn't been able to
develop a girl to filter personality in
some ways if people do move over to her
it will probably represent something
better that she has made promises and
it'll be based on the policies that's
what I would hope of course since she's
going up against another guy with a dark
mirror of a cult of personality we might
never know but yeah I don't know I think
I think it's better to vote based on the
the policies i don't i supported Bernie
Sanders I I don't like her generally but
as of right now I'm gonna vote for her
because of what it means for the Supreme
Court and environment and tax policy and
things like that pish posh well in the
conversation all they would like the
environment is good I think I think
that's the problem is that the
conversation has so thoroughly shifted
away from policy where I mean like Trump
doesn't have policy you know beyond the
wall and his supporters don't care and I
wonder if you know we've got we this
almost feels like maximum cult of
personality at this point where we've
gone from you know Kennedy who had good
ideas oh my god even Abraham Lincoln was
how to call to personality do you know
big guy you know toads stovepipe hat
telling stories around the campfire kind
of thing Jeff you Joker you know yes
this huge legacy and today we're looking
at Trump and it's almost like that's the
that's the you know brick wall that
we've hit I wonder if we can get away
from that or maybe but you know if Trump
will get us away from that inadvertently
where we realize that this is what
happens when you glorify a you know a
celebrity to the point of a you know
presidential nomination I mean and
that's interesting to see the media also
like it's at a certain point I think of
around like like three or four months
ago they were like oh my goodness what
have we done oh no oh this is real and
I'm like wait wait oh we should fact
check and they started like even running
headlines like you know like Trump says
that you know Mexicans take five so
yesterday which is not true and then
they like have to like you know write it
or whatever he said they felt obligated
finally to have to fact-check it and
again back to like you
horns of having the media can both build
these people up but also their role is
to interrogate them right and and to
bring it back to policy yeah absolutely
yeah I think to bring back to what I
said before I think the reason that we
have that is because even though we can
make mobile phones and we can send
drones to Mars we still have involved
that much more simple creatures and I
think that we develop cult of
personality and vote for our political
leadership based on those the same
reason that I cannot go to a supermarket
and check out which sink without seeing
a magazine about who which celebrity
couple just had a baby we get to focus
on individuals that we don't know we're
not going to ever know they have nothing
in common with us and we should be able
to look at the effect that they would
have as a leader and until we stop it so
we're able to move past these
characteristics that don't have anything
to do with legislating I think that
we're going to run into trouble at least
in 48 years when Donald Trump jr. runs
for presidency didn't you see that like
that too when I was watching him speak I
kept on hearing the Godfather just like
well with Trump in that doorway that's
almost the perfect Freddie Mercury no
less oh right I wonder if you know the
the rise of the Internet it almost feels
like that should have been the solution
to this idea of a cult of personality
because now you're not just sitting and
watching someone like you're saying it's
quickly fat check the policies are there
they're thrown on screen you know we're
able to the candidates can't just sell
themselves anymore because of how much
outside free information there is but
somehow that doesn't seem to evade a
difference i well there's really
competing pressures I think you have the
ability to fact-check but you have to
have the curiosity in the drive to fact
check if you see a meme and it confirms
everything you believe to be true a
picture or something you can right-click
and you can google search and you can
see when it was originally posted like
Melania Trump she plagiarized from
michelle obama but Donald Trump did not
send out a tweet that was exactly the
same as what Barack said after Michelle
Obama spoke because I did the research
it wasn't actually true you have to be
willing to do that and the internet
provides all of these diverse forms
sources of information but the cult of
personality relies on controlling a
message and there's so much information
that you
in and indeed have to choose selectively
which to listen to and so people can
segregate themselves because they don't
just have to get whatever news available
they can get all a specific type of news
and there's so much of it now and then
to me honestly looking at Trump versus
Sanders and the way that they played the
media it was very interesting like I
said and I will reiterate covering
Trump's one-liners ridiculous hateful
you know in Maine one-liners is much
safer and gave them you know mainstream
networks much more fodder than covering
Bernie Sanders actual policies but what
do they do Sanders knew he wasn't gonna
get the coverage Trump was gonna do was
gonna get and he's not about to like go
off on you know Rosie O'Donnell just to
get it yeah so what'd he do he just kept
on saying the same thing over and over
and over again hoping that maybe if he
got like you know three percent or two
percent of the coverage maybe some of
that would enter into America's like
consciousness so when people say oh yeah
he repeated the same thing again it's
like well his odds you know him though
don't you what I think I think a lot of
kids really do love Bernie so even if it
came off as repetitive I think his
technique actually did work
unfortunately not enough that he's gonna
get the nomination but um again our
viewers love Bernie he's like by far the
candidate that they connect with because
they feel that he's authentic he really
cares about the issues he talks about
policies so I guess it's encouraging to
know that some people out there still do
care about that because they love Bernie
and people are still was there any hope
for him can he be VP can you overthrow
Hillary somehow and like I said with the
anti personality with but I mean the
guys got a huge personality but yeah I
know he wasn't taking selfies and you
know that's such a big criticism of
Hillary that she's always trying to
pander for that cult of personality no
showing up on uh you know Ellen doing
like dad dancing like it's it's a
painful it's it's kind of painful to
watch because you know honestly my heart
I kind of do you really want to like her
but it's really hard because it feels it
just comes at you in in in not a real
way not a genuine way in the way that
Bernie Sanders does yeah I have to
choose your battles I gotta give Trump
tried to go out and dance to Ellen it
would be grotesque but he doesn't choose
to do that he instead
tweet Starkey people like it and if
you're trying to develop a cult of
personality like there's a couple of
different ways you can do it on Twitter
so you can try to project strength by
just insulting people and attacking
people and some people will look at that
and say he's a big strong man who's
going to take care of us whereas Bernie
who is also incredibly popular in social
media he just put simple tweets
expressing a value or an aspiration or a
hope knowing that people on social media
want to spread that to show who they are
they want to affiliate themselves or
wits with a better messaged version of
their hopes and dreams and so he got a
huge amount of reach on twitter by doing
that and i would say that that's the
more positive form of it yeah it's
almost depressing that you know somebody
who really does seem like they're
running a campaign of integrity who
actually has a message who actually as
policy uh and and he's putting it in an
easily digestible form is still unable
to get the coverage you know now to get
the nomination will see you next week
but right yeah and it's it ain't over a
yeah it'll run it over guys I
realized right now on this live stream
yeah i mean it's it's definitely I think
it really says that we're not there yet
that were that legitimately that
America's not really ready for a
candidate with a pure integrity who
isn't trying to become a cult of
personality who you know Bernie has a
great team behind him but it doesn't
seem like he was ever you know really
reaching for that uh you know godlike
status or hero worship he it seems like
he kind of just came in there and you
know said what he believes and it's
supported you know by years and years of
experience uh when they didn't have
hashtag I'm with her yeah not about
everybody so you know flaw I don't know
what we'll have to see how you know
culture personalities originate you know
over the next few elections you know how
that you know works out for Trump and
you have any final thoughts uh my final
thought is that you're never gonna get
rid of the cult of personality and it's
about wielding I think
is about I mean the oh wait Obama
campaign is a perfect example of
something you know that was positive
like we were saying obviously the dude
is charismatic as is all hell and that
helps but it's about wielding it
responsibly and it's about everyone
putting that personality into check
right and actually like you're saying
does it is this the person who can
actually lead our country and yeah yeah
yeah I think you just be willing to be
critical of the people around you
doesn't matter if it's like someone you
just had a first date with or if they're
running for president like nobody's
perfect and being willing to admit their
flaws doesn't make them weaker everybody
thinks that if they're willing to say I
don't agree with this person on Twitter
then I'm not pure I'm not part of the
crowd I want to be a part of but I think
I think love that's based on an actual
understanding of what the thing is is
better than just a child's understanding
and a lot of people right now have a
child's understanding and adoration of
Donald Trump yeah well I do hope that
people go out and vote him before they
vote they do research both candidates
and learn the things that they stand for
because that's what matters but at the
same time I do personally hope that
Hilary finds her swag that's the best
way that I can put it because I don't
think it's as difficult as we think it
is remember a few weeks ago when she
told Donald Trump to delete this Twitter
account that one tweet was huge people
like our Hilary I see you being a person
and stepping up and I think it should
just take some more small steps like
that it would go a really long way for
her more tweets I think that's
absolutely well you guys thank you so
much for joining the goods this is great
to talk to all of you yeah thank you out
there for watching and make sure to tune
in tomorrow at 4pm because we'll have
another live stream and subscribe to
seeker daily thanks for watching
you
you
