hi I'm Joseph danza with seeker daily
and we're here at the republican
national convention in Cleveland Ohio to
my right I have Ana Kasparian with the
young turks thanks for joining us hi
thanks for having me and to her right i
have tim poole from fusion thanks for
having me thanks so today we're going to
talk about protests but before that we
want that a little bit about Melania
Trump's speech last night which has been
pretty big topic since it happened yeah
a fairly similar to michelle obama
speech in 2008 I don't know what are you
guys thoughts is this going to hurt the
Trump campaign these accusations of
plagiarism well first of all let me just
say that it seems as if nothing could
possibly hurt Trump's campaign he's
gotten away with saying some of the most
ludicrous things imaginable so the idea
of him you know suffering any
consequences for her allegedly
plagiarizing the speech seems
inconceivable but I will say that you
know the way the media is portraying
this is a little questionable because
there are components of the speech like
I would say maybe two sentences that are
clearly cases of plagiarism because she
uses like the same wording as Michelle
Obama and a lot of political speeches
use the same type of rhetoric and so I
see them I see journalists reaching by
giving examples that I don't think
really fit the definition of plagiarism
but i will say that there are at least
two sentences in there where the wording
is just too similar and it's a little
too much of a coincidence if you know
what i mean there are definitely some
i'll say suspicious things yeah i mean
if you look at the speech itself they're
like you're saying there are lines their
words their phrases you know values you
work hard for and what you want in life
values that we look hard for and what
you want in life that's so it's really
specific it's almost like it my first
thought was I know she googled first
lady speeches and then kind of pulled
from that well actually can I jump in
about that um one thing that I think a
lot of Americans don't know and people
in the media certainly know it is that
no politician right Starla
okay no public figure that's involved in
the political spectrum writes their own
speech so Melania Trump didn't write
that speech someone else wrote it for
her so there are calls to fire the
speech writer which you know that's I
guess up in the air but I think that's a
really big problem in politics because I
don't want to hear what some speech
writer has to say sure they might convey
the ideas of the politician but in the
case of Melania Trump I don't think that
the speech writer did I think that it's
just someone who's writing a script for
her to regurgitate on stage and that in
my opinion is the real unacceptable
component of this sure I I completely
agree with that we're hearing from
politicians all the time what a speech
writer thinks will sell to an audience
yep in this particular issue I just
think it's in confidence I think some
speech writer was just I mean apparently
there was a rickroll in the speech as
well someone clearly did not care about
their job and now it's hit one of the
biggest political events of the year and
that but what I will say when you asked
about whether an egg ative Lee impact
Trump yep no way I don't look we're
talking about it right now all this is
gonna do is make him the limelight again
we're seeing image after image comparing
michelle obama to Melania Trump and now
he's dominating the news cycle once
again yep I think yeah I think it's a
great point so we're really here to talk
about protests which have been such a
central part to Donald Trump's campaign
since the start of it and the most
notable protest so far has actually been
inside the convention center which is
incredible and if you can tell us what
happened there yes so there are some
delegates that are not fans of Donald
Trump and they're part of what's
referred to as the nevertrump camp and
what they want to do is completely
ignore the caucus results or the primary
results in their own state and go
against what the people in their state
wanted and basically vote against Trump
and the RNC took certain measures on the
floor yesterday to prevent that from
happening so they worked with certain
delegates or certain delegations there
were nine delegations that were part of
this never Trump strategy they worked
with certain individuals in those
delegations to convince them to
basically side with Trump and the RNC
so two of the delegations didn't have
the signatures necessary to be to carry
out their action essentially but I think
the easiest way to understand this is
those who wanted to vote against Trump
will not have the ability to do so and
so a protest erupted as a result of that
right i mean i think that's super
interesting that even within the
convention hall there's still this
intensity against Trump which I don't
recall seeing in any other any other
election in my lifetime I mean I'm 26 so
that's not that many but it's enough to
know that this is something definitely
unprecedented and I think besides d what
happens inside the floor on the
convention floor we were expecting huge
protests outside the convention which
tim has come out to cover so yeah yeah
how is that bin I mean relative to what
we've seen throughout the year so far
boring I mean it's it's you know
everyone hopes for a peaceful protest
we've seen big crowds we've seen people
in the streets at one point a group
jumped a barricade but it's still you
know no arrests people you know came
back to the park it's very very low key
I mean I've seen people beating each
other in the streets at some of these
events and right now at public square
you've got Trump an anti-trump people
just sort of hanging out eating food by
each other and it's very cold yeah I we
uh we went out after the speeches last
night and spoke some police officers who
didn't seem that concerned they were
joking around they were laughing it was
a you know there's kind of a really
friendly air for a protest yeah I mean I
spoke to a few individuals that felt
some tension among police officials I
mean that's anecdotal um but
interestingly enough I got into a bit of
a verbal altercation as I was leaving
the convention last night with I'm not
even a name who he is but he's a
somewhat of a pig a public figure that I
disagree with and so we exchanged words
it was very hostile and there were cops
there profanity was like thrown around
and the cops just kind of laughed it off
yeah which I thought was interesting
as if they were feeling threatened in
any way you know by protesters or by the
environment in general I feel like the
reaction to the exchange would have been
a little different I think so too oh
yeah I mean I there was one incident
where you know Alex Jones is throwing
this big rally down by the waterfront
and about 50 protesters came down just
before my lowly annapolis was going to
speak so he's a very controversial
figure that was as tense as I've seen it
just people yelling at each other
between a cop you know a line of cops
but one thing that you know I guess the
bigger issue that everyone sort of
worried about when it comes to the
protests is the string of violence we've
seen targeting police yet having to do
it like black lives matter earlier this
morning reuters reported that there were
shots fired at a police transport but
then quickly the Cleveland Police
refuted that claim tweeted out there
were no shots fired but you know we're
rushing to the car were you know
tensions are rising we're like we've got
bulletproof vests ready for this stuff
right yeah but then nothing ends up
happening yeah it's it and I almost feel
like that's that's a factor of the
police being so I would almost say over
prepared for for this event because uh
if I've checked my notes but about I
think 50 million dollars is being spent
on security there's a 5500 law
enforcement agents and they were really
only expecting about 10,000 protesters I
mean only but you know one cop for every
two protesters that's that's really
being prepared yeah i mean look
considering the current political
climate and also considering that we are
in an open carry gun state yes i don't
think there is any such thing as being
too prepared i did feel a little scared
coming here I feel a lot calmer now that
I see just how intense security is but I
wanted security I wanted a significant
chunk of that budget to go toward
ensuring that everyone here would be
safe and luckily I do feel safe I agree
to and I and part of it is that we do
almost expect violence now at Trump
rallies at Trump events and so for what
is one of the biggest trump events were
the biggest so far uh it really does
feel like there's that lacking of
protest even especially as Trump was
hauling for violence you know himself
like early
earlier on in the in his campaign it's
kind of crazy don't count your chickens
before they hatch this is day two yeah
it's just the evening right now we're
hearing that there may be an inadvertent
protest later later in the night there's
uh there's there you know you know right
profits of reg having a huge show and so
it's not so much about these permitted
protests and these these people who are
speaking but whether or not people might
gather somewhere for some reason and
that can turn into a massive protest
you're saying like a spontaneous protest
still totally in the cards still play
yeah I mean if we're going to see
anything violent it's going to it's not
gonna be a permitted protest it's either
going to be a permanent protest that
decides to go off the rails or it's
going to be a group of people who
gathered for some other reason and then
they're gonna you know that group comes
together they get their energy gets all
riled up and then something might come
out of it that's almost the thing is
that it was seemingly incredibly
difficult for protest groups to even get
permits i believe the ACLU filed
lawsuits on behalf of several groups
that were waiting on protest or permits
or were denied permits and part of it
almost I wonder what the balance is
between being able to express yourself
being able to come out and protest and
the limits of safety the limits of
expecting violence I think it's symbolic
not just of what's happening to
protesters here but what happened to any
type of protests throughout the country
I mean that is a way of controlling the
population and making sure that any type
of political discourse that those in
power dislike uh is controlled to a
level where it's essentially irrelevant
and so I think that's a huge problem
when it comes to our First Amendment and
I love the PS ACLU is doing the work
that's doing to protect our
constitutional right to gather and
protest political power and authority
sure I gotta say you know the protests
are happening there they're mostly up to
that incident there were reports of a
few arrests they found knives and things
like that but for the most part you know
at other events I've seen much harder
crackdowns much more quickly even at
permitted events so to see I think
they're well prepared and you know
everyone's hoping for peace but you just
never know if that that spark could
happen if you know some protesters show
up at the last minute
I mean we thought there was a lot of
violence in 2008 right and so everyone's
wondering is our we get you know 2012
was called well 2016 be calm as well
it's also interesting because Cleveland
kind of has a comfortable history with
police violence itself and I'm wondering
I mean Tim you being out there what is
the actual halibel sense is it is it
fear or is it just almost defeat that
that there isn't going to be some kind
of like overwhelming display of protest
all right you know a lot of people I've
talked to are excited but when you
compare this to you know Occupy Wall
Street's or the Trayvon Martin protest
and other black lives matter rallies
people are angry and they make demands
and they go out the street in defiance
of the police say they move barricades
they jump barricades you know police
from a line chaos happens you see
bottles being thrown in Anaheim at the
trump rally people are throwing bottles
and the cops came and streaked everybody
out mm-hmm but the anger I haven't felt
the anger outside you know I was
thinking about this earlier i have seen
Trump supporters and anti-trump people
literally get into fistfights being left
bloody but when you go into public
square today there's Trump hats and
anti-trump protesters just standing next
to each other eating tacos like hey you
know we're not really that mad right now
I love that by the way I mean I want to
get back to a point where I don't know
if you guys know of this show called
Unger and steel or steel and hunger I'm
mixing up the names anyway but it's on
POTUS which is a satellite radio show
anyway hunger is democratic michael
steele is you guys all know is
Republican and the did like the way they
speak to one another the discourse is
exactly what we need in politics today
what you just mentioned right now is
exactly what we need in politics today
we disagree on policy um and we disagree
on certain things but we're still people
who want the best for the country and so
we have to hear one another out
everything is so polarized and I think
that's what leads the kind of violence
that you've seen at the Trump rallies
and it also doesn't help that Trump
himself promotes violence in certain
guys and it absolutely agree and it's
it's kind of incredible really seeing it
from both sides where I'll be honest you
talked to some people who are anti
Trump and they sound exactly the same as
people who are a proton on you know both
sides of the spectrum it almost the
message gets lost the the you know
there's no real talk of policy it's a
lot of becomes a lot of name-calling it
becomes a lot of chanting and I agree
that is I think what ends up fueling a
lot of this anger at protests so if
really what's happening is that anger
has settled into a more reasonable level
of discourse for maybe a you know a
softer sort of level of attack yeah I
can't say that that's a bad thing that's
totally agree if people are safer that's
great there's there's an old saying that
people won't remember what you say
they'll remember how you made them feel
and I think that's what Trump taps into
you don't hear a lot of policy talk all
the time he says things to make you feel
a certain way and in turn we end up with
people who are very polarized on both
sides because it's riling up their
emotions yeah it's it's you know any
time I've seen any kind of violence take
place you need you need both sides to be
split up and then engage each other so
you know right now we have all the Trump
and edit some people just sort of
lingering about and everyone's fine and
you'll see him talking and their call
but if you separate the groups and one
person says you know a chant or talking
point everyone gets that feeling again
another being inspired or enraged and
they focus that on whatever symbol they
can and if it somewhere my trump hat
someone holding a sign that's when you
start seeing those clashes heaven sure
and so besides the actual protest on the
floor besides the protest outside
there's also been sort of a corporate
protest of Trump where a number of
companies which are wells fargo UPS
motorola JPMorgan Chase ford walgreens
and Apple had sponsored the previous
year's conventions and have not done so
this year an apple specifically said
it's because of the things Trump has
said and I'll be honest looking around I
mean those are huge sponsors but looking
around it doesn't feel like the RNC is
lacking in funds to get what they want
done and so I almost wonder does that
form of protest work and does protest
work I mean what is it actually
accomplished so I think what it
accomplishes more than anything
is making sure that the reputation of
these companies remains intact because
someone like Donald Trump is so divisive
that you want to make sure you keep your
name clean so I think that it helps the
corporations in that regard but it's
also a very courageous thing for these
corporations to do because right now
we're living in the age of legalized
bribery where if corporations want
certain policies to meet their needs
like deregulation for instance they'll
go ahead and fund politicians they'll
sponsor conventions they'll do what they
can to make sure that they're in good
terms with these politicians I think
that these corporations are taking a
little bit of a risk in that if he gets
elected he might hold a grudge against
them I mean Trump is the type of guy who
definitely wouldn't we definitely would
hold a grudge yeah but with that said
there are plenty of other corporations
that are willing to play ball even with
someone as questionable as Trump but I
do want to note that the RNC
specifically asked sheldon adelson who
is a very wealthy man who supports
republican or conservative i should say
politicians they asked him for six
million dollars to help fund a
convention and that was a big story last
week so they might have had a difficult
time coming with the funds or coming up
with the funds they needed a catch up to
it it feels like a big gamble right if
Trump wins and they're wrong they're on
the wrong side of Angeles you know but
if but if they're right and it seems
like that's where they're placing all
their chips that's like you said they
don't want to damage my reputation in my
opinion though I I look at it more from
what would a why is a business doing
this I'd imagine no one really cares
they're just like what's the best for
our bottom line okay pull out or make it
a big PR thing about how we don't like
what he's saying exactly there's
definitely a publicity angle to this
there's definitely you know it's like
said it's making a statement about where
you stand which at this juncture is a
fairly I mean we know exactly you know
he's accepting on Thursday we're
basically done like this is that moment
where you say you're with him or you're
with her you know that's that's kind of
what it's coming down to and I guess I
wonder so in if it has affected their
bottom line that's one thing but with
all of these protests
on going without with this massive
anti-trump push he still got the
nomination it still happened still
happening and I think one of the reasons
why it's happening is because people
have been so disillusioned with our
political system that they look at
someone is Donald as crazy as Donald
Trump and they don't see the standard
politician and they like it yeah and
they think maybe that's the change we
need for a different country but little
do they know it's gonna lead to pretty
terrible things well that's but here's
the most alarming argument maybe the
most alarming argument is the the people
who say either Bernie Sanders fixes it
or Donald Trump burns it down and that's
sort of like the Anarch it that's a
decent amount of these people that I
meet that's all protesting and their
attitude is if we can't get Bernie
Sanders and we're gonna vote for Donald
Trump because he's gonna use it
everything's gone after that right
that's definitely that's definitely a
sentiment I've heard you know a huge I
don't remember if it was a majority or
minority but there's definitely a
significant portion of Bernie supporters
who are flatly refusing to vote for
Hillary and realistically that's one of
two options left that's that's not
voting or voting Trump and in both cases
that's kind of just voting Trump so it's
Bernie Sanders being the spoiler and
this is very real and very I think
fascinating as a you know in in the way
that this whole election has been going
well there's also the component of Gary
Johnson who's a libertarian candidate
and recent polls indicate that he has
about thirteen percent of the vote and
that does not bode well for Hillary
Clinton so I'm guessing that there's
some chunk of Bernie Sanders supporters
that are now you know going to his camp
to support him which you know sat is
very counterproductive when you consider
libertarian fiscal policy it goes
against everything Bernie Sanders
believes so just keep that in mind i I'm
sorry going but if if Gary Johnson hits
fifteen percent he gets in the debate
stage he can split the right in which is
other claims i take the majority yeah
it's true I mean it really I think
that's what it might come down to ISM if
he hits the debates he get you know
he'll he'll work against Trump if he
doesn't he'll work against Hillary and
it's it's honestly been kind of amazing
uh almost seeing how much Hillary is
being slowed down and how little Donald
Trump is being slowed down I mean yeah
uh
the outspokenness of the Republican
Party and the and the number of voters
that have just come out to vote for
Trump has been such a big middle finger
to the establishment which didn't really
happen on the side of the Democrats that
was a kind of interesting split where a
you know Trump got his a Bernie didn't
and you know looking at the political
climate now that's it says a ton about
where I think our country stands on its
future I am I think Trump just knows how
to play the game I know so so look I
know it's the RNC so I've been telling
Republicans but you know we're looking
at these google search terms they have
here in the space yeah and every when
they compared search Donald Trump and
Hillary Clinton Trump has literally
every single state this country be it
positive or negative all people can talk
about istana Trump and I think I i
should say when I think about who might
win I kind of lean towards Trump winning
this November simply because he controls
the media so well and here i am saying
his name over and over again it's
inescapable stop I think it's I've been
reading some I don't want to necessarily
say conspiracy theories but but theories
that everything that he's doing is is
extremely calculated you know down to
malia speech you know that they
intentionally pulled the same lines just
so people would talk about it and well I
think stuff like that is a little bit
beyond the pale it's it there does have
to be some truth where Trump is really
really good at getting attention he is I
mean think about the way he came out on
stage during the first night of the
convention like WWE honey state had a
little link about that how do you not
talk more doing it now I know it's not I
it was exactly it was i was at i saw a
Kanye West Show in San Francisco I was
must been a couple years ago he came out
exactly the same way it was and the
thing as Trump did say that last year's
convention was the single most boring
thing he had ever seen this year he's
going to bring some showbiz so that's
happening that's already you started I
it was like a professional wrestling
entrance like the silhouette like yeah I
was like
like he's a showman you know no I get
attention when when you're at these
Trump rallies okay I was in Florida and
Trump's late all the time for these
rallies his helicopter flies in overhead
a spot light goes on the ummat on the on
the helicopter and you hear this
Imperial March fanfare Wow and it's this
craziest feeling of like watching an
action movie with a trump helicopter
flying circling over the rally with
everyone's screaming and cheering he
knows how to inspire the feeling of like
epic authority and like it's just
weirdest thing to see you yeah I this is
this is a beyond fascinating election
and it really does seem like I mean you
know we're talking about protests and I
want to say that it doesn't feel like
the protests are working at least and
I'm to be honest I'm very curious to see
if Trump does win the presidency which I
agree it seems like there is a lot of
momentum for that to happen even despite
all the pushback I gotta be honest man I
feel like a lot of these protests helped
trunk I well yeah you know I filmed a
clip in in San Jose where a trump
supporter was just walking forward very
calmly and someone whacked him in the
back of the head leaving him bleeding
when you see videos of that when you see
anti-trump protesters it creates you
know makes the people were in the middle
who don't really know much just see a
group of angry people and their back
wall Trump jumps right these people are
crazy yeah it's kind of similar to
anyone who carries out any type of act
of violence while they're part of any
movement right once you carry out an act
of violence that becomes the media focus
yeah dinosaur the message exactly it's
it I totally agree and there is very
seriously and I think this is kind of a
new thing of the left being seen as the
aggressors which is I think truly rare
you know there's all these new terms the
regressive left there's types of
censorship there's all this stuff that's
thrown at the left that you know has
kind of been an undercurrent on the
right but it now feels like it's hitting
a mainstream and it's definitely hitting
the mainstream about among Republicans
yes that's a huge talking point now I
just want to comment on the whole
regressive Leslie's just a second the
regressive left thing cracks me up
because oftentimes the people who use
asset left are literally the most racist
bigoted individuals imaginable that
despise black people uh that despise any
type of equality right and so they they
have now taken that word which liberals
have used against them for decades yeah
and they're Dave like reclaimed it as
their word against us and so usually
when someone accuses me of being
regressive I'll click on their social
media account and sure enough they'll
talk about how black people are animals
and this and that so yeah this whole
thing about regressive left I don't
really think is going mainstream because
it's nonsense that's fair yeah I almost
mean it in the sense of those tactics
those that sort of attack I like you're
saying gets disconnected from the
message and then becomes becomes the
message Ashley yeah definitely happened
the things that aren't being talked
about uh or nobody's talking about the
policy distinctions because Trump
doesn't really have a policy instead yes
what's being talked about is people
attacking Trump and Trump you know
saying what he thinks every I'm sorry
every single speech that you saw last
night had nothing to do with policy had
nothing to do with substance had
everything to do with tragedy porn had
everything to do with emotional appeal
and that was it in theatrics that's all
I saw bail was there no is this gonna
bail yes amazed have you seen scott
adams talk about this he's like the
dilbert writer yeah he was a blog about
this was saying you know he thinks
Trump's gonna win and one of the one of
the examples is that there's a reason
why Trump is very very light on policy
and issues so that you can't target him
so that his opponents have nothing to
say against him because he doesn't talk
too much about it I mean he's got stuff
on his website you know you can bug this
stuff but when Trump talks you know when
you give the speech it's all about your
feelings it's all about winning and
being great and deeds like kind of
blanket statements I mean you know it's
not too dissimilar to you know Obama
guess we can hope change it's what
politicians do they want you to feel
something and then what ends up
happening is these people at these
events for Trump will create in their
own mind what Trump is going to do Oh
Trump's going to do these things because
I believe in him when Chuck never
actually
said those things you know it's just
like big topics that people talk about
outside sure well I mean we'll have to
wait you know a little bit more to see
if his tactics are working if this is
really going to lead to a trump
presidency and then what that really
means thank you guys so much for sitting
down to talk with us I want to be guys
have any final thoughts no I feel like
that was a pretty comprehensive
discussion we had we hit a lot Anna from
The Young Turks thank you so much for
joining us you guys are doing a live
stream later today yes you guys can
check out the young turks our live show
at six pm eastern time on tyt network
com / live awesome and Tim you how
you're with fusion you are still
covering the protests you know that
there may be protests later tonight you
guys can find me on Twitter at Tim cast
and also make sure to follow at fusion
on twitter periscope facebook will be
covering all the stuff at the dance the
RNC everything awesome and foremost let
seeker daily thank you so much for
joining us we'll be live every day the
convention at 4pm please make sure to
tune in and thanks for watching
