hey everybody we're alive at the
republican national convention in
Cleveland Ohio I'm cheol-soo Stella tub
I'm here with John ida Rolla from The
Young Turks that's good thanks for
joining us so what are your thoughts so
far on the convention as it's been going
well this is the first convention I've
ever been to and we have to understand
that we're filming this on the first day
and traditionally the conventions will
ramp up an excitement and also the
amount of media attention they get as
you go into the third and fourth day
that's when the vice presidential
candidate will speak the the
presidential candidate and so expect
that there will be more excitement at
that point it's it's more just build up
right now but aside from the the
delegates which I haven't really seen
too much of the outside of the
convention hall there is a lot of
excitement in terms of protests
sanctioned and unsanctioned there are
vague security threats that a lot of
people are worried about groups coming
in and talking about and that they're
doing open carry and so there's
excitement not necessarily of the sort
that we usually get during convention
absolutely there's there's so much
security here there's so many Secret
Service agents it's a little
overwhelming but actually everybody is
really nice and it seems like they
really have it figured out there's a
good sense of both professionalism but
it's also a little it's a little loose
yeah look I think considering the
context of the past year both in terms
of the recent shootings involving a
police in Baton Rouge and Dallas but
also that the number of violent
incidents that we've had at Donald
Trump's rallies leading up to this I am
for them going overboard rather than
taking chances we already had the hall
was emptied once for a suspicious
package yeah yeah I think that's a good
thing I think so too and it's it's just
nice to have that sort of yeah both the
security but then the efficiency to it
doesn't feel like slowed down by
bureaucracy and personally for the RNC
that feels or any National Convention i
feels like a you know like it would be
more uptight well yeah it's pretty nice
have you had a chance to like go around
the convention site at all check out
cleveland at all not especially around
the convention site i've been around a
little bit of cleveland we had a fan
meet up for the young turks and it
actually while we're far away from the
east coast cleveland it reminds me a lot
of some of the East Coast cities that I
grew up in the people are super friendly
so
are both the fans and just the people
we've come across and while it's
insanely hot and humid here it's a nice
not too big city first time in Cleveland
but I'm liking it so far same it is also
my first time in Cleveland and exactly
the same it's it's super it's a really
interesting vibe I didn't expect this
from Cleveland I expected Cleveland to
be um maybe a little louder I would say
I thought to be a bit more like Chicago
yeah that's very different than from San
francisco-based definitely very
different from San Francisco a lot of a
lot of new things happening around me
but very very cool i love what we've
stayed and it's pretty cool that the
convention is in Cleveland because this
isn't the first time that the republican
national convention has been in
Cleveland it's the time and you know
Ohio is a huge swing state that doesn't
it's not super surprising but it's it's
pretty cool the first one was nineteen
twenty-four the next one was nineteen
thirty-six and a lot has changed since
then it's it's pretty interesting how
the role of conventions has changed in
general yeah you know it used to be a
bunch of old white guys with cigars
would crowd up in a room and talk about
oh who you know who do they want as
their nominee and there'll be all these
back deal like backroom deals and all
these uh you know secret shady shady
things going ago she ation shady
negotiations yeah there's no cigars
anymore there's still old white men but
now they're wiping that's it that's
actively they they ban these cigarettes
from the inside of the convention i
noticed that specifically yeah um but
yeah like like e cigarettes so much has
changed and i think one of the biggest
things is that the purpose of the
convention has changed because
originally it was you know to choose the
nominee to set the platform and to
establish the rules for the next the
next election cycle but choosing the
nominee isn't it's a completely
different system now you know instead of
it being all these backroom dealings we
have primaries and caucuses and so you
know everybody by the end of the primary
season everybody knows who the nominee
is going to be that's been that way
since the 1970s when every state
basically had taken on a caucus or a
primary system yeah I think the last
time
that it was even questionable was the
was in 1976 between Ronald Reagan and
Gerald Ford where it was too close to
call I believe neither them have reached
the 1,237 delegates exactly necessary
and so it was a nervous I could actually
contested convention I believe at the
end because more of a theoretically
contestant yet but it was so close and
it's never been that close since then
well it's one of the reasons that we had
so much excitement in the media in the
Republican primary leading up to today
because it seemed for a while like we
might finally have some actual drama
some some important decisions be made at
the convention hall yet be mostly
avoided though that although there was a
bit of drama from the nevertrump group
today doesn't look like it's amounted to
anything yet it's it seems like it's
still going to be a fairly calm day and
I think that's super interesting also
like Trump is a really big example of
how um political elites don't control
who becomes the nominee anymore because
that's been a huge there's a huge outcry
against Trump the entirety of his
campaign and you know the Republican
voters have definitively spoken for who
they want as their nominee yeah and
there's nothing that you know anyone
higher up has really been able to do or
maybe wanted to do but it's pretty
fascinating yeah and I think on that so
we know who the nominee is going to be
when we're coming into the convention
yeah so it kind of begs the question why
are we at the convention why are there
twenty five hundred delegates I think
fifty thousand attendees 15,000 media
people yeah it seems like a lot for when
we know what the solution is or with the
anti-base yeah and so the reason for
gathering is very different than it was
historically but there are at least two
good reasons that they still do it the
the smaller less important of the two
reasons is it's a massive amount of
basically free media for your party for
your candidate it puts the eyes of the
country on your party for four to seven
days depending on how much drama is
expected and that's worth something it
both gives your candidate and the VP
candidate a lot of exposure but also in
the instances in which you have sort of
the up-and-coming stars of the party it
gives a huge spotlight on them i mean
that's where Barack Obama basically saw
his national
launched into the spotlight was it the
2004 convention and so even if there's
no doubt about who's gonna be the
nominee that the amount of attention on
the speeches and the platform is
valuable and that's the second reason
really is the platform and so while it's
easy to to laugh at the platform as a
sort of outdated listing of the
priorities of the party um getting
together thousands of delegates and
especially the Leadership Council to
agree on the priorities of the party to
put it together in a document that
people can refer back to uh that's
important and it's non-binding they
don't have to actually I on them I think
I was like kind of amazing is that it
it's you know really big deal is made of
the platform and by the way I love that
the individual parts of the platform are
called planks I know I just let so cute
see ya political idea silly but I want
as much pirate as I can get money so
into an RN C exam yeah but so uh it is
it is interesting that it's non-binding
because of how much attention is placed
on it yeah I think that's that's kind of
fascinating but we were talking a little
earlier and you tell me something I
didn't know which is most of the things
that are promised even though they are
non-binding go through yeah yeah and so
I was reading up on the political
science research that's been done on
party primaries the presidential
primaries especially that the state
platforms are less important and they
generally like if you ever read your
state platform there just wish lists of
crazy extremists policies but the
presidential platform generally is a
more moderate document it's more
attainable goals and political
scientists have found that over the past
three decades depending on which party
you're talking about the Republican
Party generally acts on stated promises
about ninety percent of the time ninety
percent of the promises Democratic
Party's a little bit lower below eighty
percent but that's still significant
that means that you can read that
platform and get an idea for what the
priorities of the party actually will be
mm-hmm and if you'd like just a few
examples that the platform is still
being worked on on the Republican side
that's actually one of the first things
that will be accomplished in the first
and second days is finalizing it but
there are things like overturning gay
marriage allowing for conversion therapy
for parents of gay youths across the
country again I'm changing up
energy goals of the country they
described coal as clean energy in their
platform uh there's definitely uh move
towards more tax cuts they talked a lot
about the economic stimulus they think
will come from both making permanent
previous tax cuts instituting new ones
banning women from combat roles in the
military pushing for a balanced budget
and also I think very interestingly
repealing glass-steagall which is also
in the Democratic platform although it's
not something that Hillary Clinton has
pushed for which I see that both parties
right now what's really interesting
about that is that not only is Clinton a
little bit at odds with her platform but
the this platform is pretty at odds with
Trump because Trump in a lot of ways he
doesn't have a lot of really distinct
policy positions yeah he kind of seems
to say the things he thinks and that
becomes his policy yeah and I've
actually noticed in in some of the talk
on policy it looks like they're using
just clips from you know something he
kind of said in his speech and have
introduced that as a positive laughs
yeah but uh i was reading that quite a
bit of the platform isn't really in line
with a like I know Trump has said that
he's not that interested in overturning
gay marriage that the piezo he's not as
LGBT unfriendly a lot of past candidates
are certainly not as much as the
platform is there are a couple areas of
the platform that do basically tow the
Trump line first of all the language
it's all american exceptionalism make
America great again so his rhetoric is
there but also building a border wall
banning uh immigration from countries
that are associated with terrorism yeah
those are two of his biggest policy
priorities there there and while it
doesn't go as far on being against trade
deals as he's been in some of the
debates recently it is a more anti trade
platform than the Republicans have had
in quite a few decades yeah I've
definitely definitely noticed that and
so that happens uh you're saying within
the first couple of days right yeah this
is this is a four day convention you
know in the beginning the first two days
seem a little bit looser yeah the next
to um you know what what happens during
those days well in the first two days
you're going to have a lot of speakers
they are the less high-profile speakers
at least at this convention although we
expect Michelle Obama on the first
a of the Democratic convention but then
there's also it's not just about
choosing the present this is the biggest
gathering of the party that you'll have
for four years and so they take care a
lot of routine party business as you
said earlier they have to lay out at
least some of the broad strokes of how
the presidential election of go for the
party in the next four years and that
will be fine-tuned over the course of a
few years but the base is set here um
that you have thousands of delegates
they have to be checked in make sure
that they're the people they say they
are there's going to be various votes
that they're going to be involved in and
then you have as i said the formal
adoption of the actual platform the
finalized platform so it's a lot of a
seemingly procedural use that that sort
of established the base what are we
going to do next year what are we gonna
do this year yeah days three and four
get a little bit more exciting though
yeah i well my favorite thing i love day
34 that's that is the day that the all
the states really it's a call to roll
call it's actually specific called a
rolling roll call of the states which is
really fun to say where every state and
all the territories will give up well
first I'll say something very nice about
thursday which i learned is called
boosterism which is really another fun
word for posting your own state and then
and it always goes alphabetically it
goes alabama first wyoming last and so
every every state spokesperson will
stand up say something really nice about
their state then they'll announce their
delicate count or pass in which case
it'll come back around to them but i
think what's again what's super
interesting is for for as much sort of
pomp and circumstance that goes with it
we know all the delegates you know who's
going to win and realistically that kind
of leaves uh you know it's it really
becomes a ceremonial practice as silly
as it is i still like that part of it
though I mean unfortunately it's not
going to be like the most recent season
of house of cards not that exciting but
it's so old timey it's like politics of
a previous century yeah and we very
rarely see a big gathering of state
pride on display for multiple states and
it's got the boosterism is endearing I
think it reminds us that
we are a country and we are unified we
have our own culture and we have our own
way of doing things state to state it's
nice to see that on display at least in
some form by the way I love that and
maybe this is obvious but it's like I
said it's not just the states
territories to and we went down to the
floor yesterday and I just remember
being caught so off guard by seeing uh
you know it completely exactly like all
the rest of them a stand for the
northern Marshall Islands yeah I was
kind of like wow I have not heard about
them for so long but of course here they
are and they're represented and they get
to be a part of the nomination process
which i think is super cool a lot of
times they get cut out of exactly
everything american samoa and those
sorts of things is yeah a Puerto Rico
it's a walled off from the rest but they
allowed them in the building which is
nice they actually do that so um that's
day three that's the roll call at the
end of that you know that ends with
everybody being officially knowing Trump
is in yeah um the fourth day is the 1i I
think I'm actually most excited for
that's this that's the biggest speeches
that's the last day and that's when we
get to hear what Trump has to say which
he he said that I believe he said us
about the last convention it was the
single most boring convention he had
ever seen and he plans to bring some
showbiz to this one I the guy is a full
of surprises and I am so excited to see
what yeah showbiz he brings we got a
sample of it before the convention it
had been announced that he wanted to fly
in a helicopter I'd which is actually
kind of a cool idea they're not gonna do
that I'm thinking maybe he rides in on a
tiger I'm not sure that would be very
very truck yeah but I do think that his
speech will be incredibly consequential
because we're gonna have to see does he
do one of his normal rambling 45 minute
speeches of whatever pops into his head
or does he do a teleprompter yes
scripted speech he's had very few of
those so far that would signal something
if he were to do that if he were to lay
out specifics I'm not expecting that
he's going to do that but there is the
chance that he will I I've noticed and
I've read this around that in the last
few months his rhetoric has calmed down
a little maybe not the substance but the
way he's delivering it
still giving fiery speeches but i
believe uh just after he let go of his
campaign manager he took on what what
has been described as i think a more
presidential presence yeah which is
maybe a little strange to see from
trumpets it's again a little unexpected
there has been a movement that i've
noticed and i especially gave him credit
in the wake of the the police shooting
the ambush in dallas he didn't take
advantage of it the way that you might
have predicted based on his earlier
behavior yeah however after baton rouge
she says that obama has blood on his
hands and that he's leading a war on the
yeah uh he says that obama is supporting
Islamic terrorism uh he was recently in
a lot of trouble for claiming that a
hispanic a judge hispanic to spit
descent couldn't be objective in a case
involving Trump and so there's still
reason to believe that he is not fully
capable of reeling at all yeah but he
does seem to be trying no I'm sure I'm
sure that the the deep down believes the
the basic the basic fuel that he's
running on is still the same yeah but I
think his delivery has become a little
more subdued so I am also super curious
to see what kind of speech this is yes
um also really fast super important um
he is going to be and I don't think this
is generally the way it's done he's
going to be introducing some of the
other speakers throughout the week so
I've heard that he's going to be
introducing Melania tonight yeah it's
also expected he's going to introduce uh
his uh VP candidate pence on Thursday
and so those are probably not likely to
be scripted and so maybe we'll get a
taste to build from during those
introduction speeches totally actually
speaking of which we I actually saw
Tweety you did a little earlier that you
said you weren't that excited about
seeing the speeches today yeah um but
who are you excited about I'm excited
about some look honestly I'm a little
bit excited about seeing Melania Trump
speak we've had almost no exposure of
her and she is one of the people who for
better or worse knows Trump best at this
point and look I fully expected her
speech is going to be incredibly tightly
controlled but maybe she will attempt to
humanize her husband maybe she'll even
be capable of doing that and so I'm
interested to see her um there's some be
actors from the 80s that they got on
display that I think Antonio sabato jr.
it's gonna be your scalp a red scott
baio that was ya they waitin all over
Twitter I I feel like that came so out
of left field hoodoos you just got my
office yeah look he was great in
arrested development maybe he'll be
right at the convention and I'm honestly
actually excited to see Ted Cruz yes Ted
Cruz has been an interesting character
after he dropped out of the race he's
sort of endorsed Donald Trump but not
really so is he actually going to lay
out why Trump should be President or is
he simply going to boost conservatism
generally and he's a relatively serious
guy in this bunch and so I think that's
a speech to watch I I think that's
actually super interesting that Ted Cruz
is speaking because of how many people
have outright refused to speak or even
like come to the convention at all um I
i saw that mitt romney john mccain and
both of the living bush presidents are
our former presidents have refused to
come i don't know if they if that's
still true if they're going to hold to
that but i don't think mitt romney's
gonna get to see mitt romney their
fights not having living presidents of
your party speak out for you that's not
the way things generally happen in the
show tree but it but it's also so on on
message for the Republican Party right
now wishes from yeah yeah exactly with
Trump where the highest level
establishment still seems even reluctant
to accept him as the nominee even though
you know you walk around the convention
hall and it's Trump Pence Flyers
everywhere yeah which is another really
hilarious thing for the you know the
convention where they're supposed to
choose the nominee that's clearly chosen
yeah it's another fun little like relic
and importantly we don't have John
Kasich expected to speak now he's the
governor of the state the convention is
in he's a relatively high profile
Republican because of his relative
success during the primary and this is a
swing state you'd want the governor to
speak for you but he is not having not
endorsing Trump that's right now I mean
that's a huge deal I you know I brought
this a little earlier but Ohio as a
swing state is a gigantic it's
tremendous super yeah we looked at the
supply siders the last 13 elections have
been called by you know whoever won Ohio
in the am in the during the general area
in the general election yeah and and
then and i think it was i might get the
number here wrong but since 1904 25 of
the 20
in elections have gone that where oh why
oh is voted for the you know whoever it
is have gone to that person who just
just amazing um I also heard a couple of
funny little ones we're up to look it up
but uh Arizona Senator Jeff Flake said
that he wouldn't be coming because he
was busy mowing his lawn you gotta keep
ahead of it man if you let that thing
get overgrown your property value dip
exactly that's way more important than
you know Chet trying to make to the
convention yeah um but we'll be here
that's a that's a fact will vary
throughout the week we have another one
of these lined up more laters and more
videos should be super super cool I'm
really excited for it yeah I hope it
have you on the young turks as well to
do some some live coverage of the
speeches and forgot about that that'd be
fantastic um so I mean thank you so much
for coming on to network yeah and of
course if you'd like to see more of me
and their company I work for the young
turks we're going to be doing a live
show at 6pm local time eastern time
tonight and throughout the convention
and then also live coverage after 8pm of
the speeches as they happen well and
youtube.com / The Young Turks sorry
definitely make sure to watch the young
turks they're fantastic and make sure to
tune in every day at 4pm during the
length of the convention because we're
going to be doing live streams again
like I said with John and they should be
great oh right well any man thanks you
wanted to be here thanks so much man
thanks man
