in 2016 the United Nations declared
access to the Internet and freedom of
expression online a human right and
condemned any efforts to hinder people
from getting online the resolution isn't
legally binding and has already seen
resistance from a number of countries
including Russia and China so is the
internet a right or a privilege well to
start it's important to determine the
difference between a right and a
privilege universal rights are inherent
to all human beings regardless of their
race gender or nationality and they
can't be lessened or revoked rights are
the most basic freedoms humans need to
lead meaningful lives like the right to
move freely and own property the same
values often serve as a foundation for
civil rights which are backed by law
privileges on the other hand are special
freedoms and advantages only given to a
limited amount of people in short people
need rights but they don't need
privileges the Internet is traditionally
understood as a privilege however as the
web has become integral to human life
more and more people begun to think of
it as right according to a 2010
international poll by the BBC nearly 80%
of people believe the Internet is a
fundamental right regardless of whether
they themselves use it one of the
greatest proponents of this idea is
Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg
who in 2013 announced his campaign to
get every person on the planet online in
his 10 page manifesto Zuckerberg argued
that because the global economy is
shifting toward knowledge base rather
than resource based industries those who
don't have internet access are at a
disadvantage others however have argued
that the internet doesn't meet the
qualifications of a human right one of
the most famous people to promote this
idea was Vint Cerf who was
coincidentally one of the early pioneers
of the internet in his 2012 New York
Times op-ed Cerf argued that equating
the internet with fundamental needs like
freedom of speech and freedom of torture
is a mistake because over time we will
end up valuing the wrong things
many fall somewhere in between surf and
Zuckerberg arguing that people aren't
entitled to the Internet itself but that
they do have a right to internet access
specifically that each country should
have a plan to make the internet
accessible and affordable to its entire
population a UN Special Rapporteur
presented this argument in 2011 and the
following year the UN Human Rights
Council overwhelmingly passed a
resolution declaring that people have
the right to freedom of expression
online and that governments cannot block
anyone's internet access this and the
more recent UN resolution have no legal
force however they do send a clear
message particularly the countries like
Egypt and China who shut down or heavily
restrict internet access regularly but
as the web becomes more and more
essential to communicating finding a job
and participating in the political
process even the most repressive
governments may be compelled to accept
international standards the Internet has
become a vital force when it comes to
today's protests and rights movements to
see how civil rights leaders organize
before the age of social media and how
far things have come since then check
out this video here social movements
always use the technology of their day
to the maximum because social movements
are all about communicating to people
that's still happening today thanks for
watching seeker daily please make sure
to LIKE and subscribe to see new videos
every day
you
