Muslim countries frequently make
headlines for their attacks on freedom
of expression sexuality education or
anything considered pro-western but few
people may know that Islam once embraced
these institutions in a period of
history scholars referred to as the
Golden Age which notably coincided with
the European Dark Ages so what exactly
was the Golden Age of Islam while most
historians understand the Islamic Golden
Age is a period of history under the
Abbasid dynasty which ruled from the 8th
to 13th century at the time Islam was
only about a century old and
concentrated in the Arabian Peninsula
the Mediterranean and North Africa once
the Abbasids took over and formed a
Caliphate the capital was moved to
Baghdad and Islam spread to other
regions the abbasids were inspired by
verses from the Quran and hadith that
emphasized the value of knowledge rather
than just religious devotion and they
strongly pushed for advances in science
art and commerce one of the most unique
features of the Islamic Golden Age was
its inclusivity in Baghdad the ruling
caliphs created a house of wisdom here
Christian and Jewish scholars were
invited to join their Muslim
counterparts to share ideas information
and creative work which was all
translated into Arabic these scholars
carried out a variety of state funded
research projects resulting in the
Islamic world's first astronomical
observatory and one of the most detailed
world maps of the time the House of
Wisdom also fostered a considerable
amount of scientific philosophical and
scholarly works many Golden Age scholars
put their studies to practical use
particularly in the field of medicine
and healthcare physicians and
philosophers wrote medical and
Cyclopaedia xand textbooks that were
used for centuries one famous Persian
physician was the first to differentiate
between smallpox and measles by the 10th
century pharmacies were a staple in most
Muslim cities and hospitals stayed open
24 hours this era even saw a sort of
universal health care as hospitals were
forbidden to turn away the
for the period also gave way to some of
the world's first universities as well
as countless works of art including
architecture literature and poetry the
Golden Age also saw the foundation of
Sufism which is a mystical Islamic
philosophy that promotes peace education
and philanthropy millions of people
still adhere to Sufism and the practice
has been promoted as an alternative to
radical forms of Islam most historians
mark the 13th century as the end of the
Golden Age when Genghis Khan and his
Mongol army conquered much of East Asia
including the Islamic caliphate in 1258
the Mongols destroyed Baghdad and the
House of Wisdom anecdotally throwing so
many books into the Tigris River that it
ran black with ink the Caliphate was
completely demolished had history played
out differently there's no telling what
Islam would look like today India is one
country hoping that Islam's peaceful
roots like Sufism will help break down
the negative stereotypes surrounding the
religion to find out more about the
mystical philosophy watch our video here
Sufism arose less than a century after
the founding of Islam at the time many
Muslims were concerned with the
religions increasing materialism which
they believed would interfere with a
spiritual connection with God the word
sufi is an arabic term for mystic which
itself was derived from sooth or wool
thank you for watching seeker daily
please like and subscribe for new videos
every day
you
