in March 2016 US Secretary of State John
Kerry said that the Islamic state was
committing genocide in Syria and Iraq
minority groups like Yazidis Christians
and Shiites have been targeted by Isis
and systematically executed reports
estimate that as many as half a million
Yazidis have been displaced by Isis and
thousands killed this is only the second
time in its history that the US has
designated acts of genocide during a
conflict the first was the 2004 genocide
in Darfur but many are asking why it's
taken so long for the terrorist group to
be accused of genocide and what actually
qualifies under the title so what
exactly constitutes a genocide and why
is it so hard to define
well genocide is officially defined in
the Convention on the prevention and
punishment of the crime of genocide as
acts committed with intent to destroy in
whole or in part a national ethnical
racial religious group the United
Nations adopted the convention in 1948
following the Armenian Genocide during
World War one and the Holocaust during
World War two the convention originally
also planned to include political groups
but at the time the Soviet Union refused
to acknowledge that addition and it was
removed despite a relatively clear
definition accusations of genocide are
almost always denied many make a
distinction between genocide and crimes
against humanity for example in the
Congo one Rwandan Tutsi leader was
nicknamed The Terminator
for his mass killings of civilians and
the recruitment of child soldiers and
yet in the International Criminal Court
he was charged with crimes against
humanity and war crimes but not genocide
so what's the difference while both of
them involves systematically killing
huge numbers of people however the
distinction is in the focus and purpose
of the massacre
but a large number of people are killed
in pursuit of a political goal or
something similar it's considered a
crime against humanity the label also
applies in cases of mass slavery
deportation torture rape apartheid and
other crimes but if the purpose of the
killings is specifically to eliminate a
national ethnic racial or religious
group then it's called a genocide this
is why some who disagree with the term
Armenian Genocide attribute those deaths
to wartime casualties and mass
deportation not a genocide 'el effort to
eliminate the Armenian race but getting
to the heart of intent is often a
problem in labeling genocide with a
tragedy like the Holocaust it was easier
as there was significant evidence of
Adolf Hitler's intent to eliminate whole
populations but until recently it's been
more difficult to attribute the ISIS
murders of minority groups as an effort
to wipe them out evidence that Isis
views the Yazidis as devil worshippers
and actively seeks to exterminate them
through murder sexual slavery and rape
solely based on their faith leaves
little doubt to the designation of
genocide as Isis continues ramping up
its efforts in Iraq and Syria many are
calling for international governments to
take stronger action the hope is that
finally labeling what's happening as a
genocide will help spur greater action
and put an end to the mass killings
besides struggling over the ISIS
genocide another heavily contested mass
killing occurred in the Ottoman Empire
from 1915 to 1917 killing as many as one
and a half million Armenians
so was it a genocide or not find out
about the controversy in this video most
Armenian genocide historians agree that
the largest loss of life occurred around
1915 with one and a half million
Armenians left dead from torturous
practices like hard labor camps and
death marches France Canada and
Switzerland are among more than 20
countries which officially acknowledged
that the violence against Armenians was
a genocide thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for new videos
every day
