in August 2016 a 6.2 magnitude
earthquake struck a mountainous region
of central Italy killing 292 people and
displacing more than 2,000 the
picturesque towns were hit especially
hard as they're made up of centuries-old
buildings only accessible by small
winding roads roughly 20 major
earthquakes occur every year and while
they always lead to some degree of
devastation some regions are more
uniquely equipped than others so which
countries are best able to withstand
major earthquakes and why well to start
a major earthquake is defined as
anything above 7.0 on the Richter scale
these seismic events have caused
billions in damage and killed thousands
of people but primarily as a result of
poor infrastructure and inefficient
response rather than the Earth's shaking
that said one country that is highly
prepared is Chile which has suffered 13
earthquakes of magnitude 8 or above
since 1906 one of which was a 9.5 in
1960 the largest earthquake ever
recorded the country sits alongside the
Ring of Fire an area of the Pacific
Ocean
where roughly 90% of the world's
earthquakes occur so to prepare for
inevitable disaster Chile has
implemented regular earthquake emergency
drills strict building codes and a
comprehensive early warning system
including sirens and mobile phone alerts
the country also maintains a disaster
relief agency which regularly practices
evacuations and trains rescue crews
year-round as a result Chile's most
recent 8.3 major quake in 2015 only saw
13 deaths that's compared to more than
1,600 in 1960 according to the USGS
earthquake preparedness is not unusual
for developed countries however
implementation often slips through the
cracks as a result of corruption and
government negligence for instance many
builders find it cheaper to pay a bribe
to a public official than to comply with
strict building codes but this is not a
common practice in Chile where people
reportedly take the potential threat of
an earthquake very seriously another
country with exceptional earthquake
preparedness is Japan which like Chile
has a long and deadly history of
frequent major
quicks all new buildings must be able to
sway with the Earth's shaking and many
older buildings have been retrofitted to
do the same
some Japanese homes even have a special
foundation that builds with compressed
air when the earth shakes so that the
home actually levitates in the likely
event a major earthquake strikes all
bullet trains come to an immediate halt
and TV channels switch to live coverage
of relief efforts including maps of
coastal areas that are at risk of
tsunamis in 2007 Japan launched a
nationwide earthquake warning system
that detects tremors determines the
quakes epicenter and sends online
warnings throughout the country it's
considered the most advanced early
warning system in the world but not all
small fault lining countries are so
prepared in 2010 Haiti suffered a
magnitude 7.0 earthquake resulting in
more than 150,000 deaths so why were
they so unprepared in a word money Haiti
is one of the poorest countries on earth
while Chile and Japan have strong
economies that are able to fund
preparedness programs and emergency
response measures in the end when it
comes to earthquakes the greatest Armour
is wealth
the majority of deaths during
earthquakes are a result of collapsing
infrastructure so how exactly are
countries adapting their buildings just
how far has earthquake technology come
find out by watching this video by dnews
the goal one building in high intensity
earthquake areas is to make a building
earthquake resistant earthquake proof is
doable but extremely expensive thanks
for watching seeker daily don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
