in April 2015 576 days before the
election Hillary Clinton announced her
candidacy for the 2016 presidential race
in the 2008 election she did so in
entire 654 days in advance by comparison
in Japan candidates are limited to a
maximum campaign length of 12 days in
fact the United States has by far one of
the longest campaign processes in the
world and candidates are basically
required to participate if they want to
make it to Election Day so why exactly
are US presidential campaigns so long
well the very first election in 1789
effectively had no campaign Lake George
Washington rejected calls for him to be
America's first king and the framers of
the Constitution unanimously voted him
into office but in later years as
political parties developed they were
tasked with submitting a viable
candidate for the presidency first this
decision was made in smoke-filled rooms
by party leaders but soon it was opened
up to the public by way of primaries and
caucuses but primaries and caucuses were
not initially considered all that
important to the campaigning process
candidates didn't travel around the
country as each state voted and many
candidates were presumptive but three
major events around the 1970s led to the
modern day year-long campaign process
first in 1968 candidate Hubert Humphrey
was appointed the Democratic nominee
despite having won no primaries at all
the nomination contributed through
massive ongoing riots in Chicago the
following election new rules were
enacted that made most states switch to
primaries to encourage voter
participation the second event was in
1972 when Iowa moved its primary date to
January well before any other state for
the simple reason that their outdated
coffee machines took a really long time
to print necessary voter paperwork but
the final key came in 1976 when the
almost completely unknown farmer turned
Senator Jimmy Carter won the Iowa caucus
by campaigning in state this early lead
gained him name recognition and he
ultimately won the presidency against
the incumbent Ford candidates realized
the power of campaigning and Iowa became
an invaluable battleground towards
winning book the candidacy and the
presidency since then campaign
lasted at least from January to November
and their extended length has shaped the
American political landscape for one
it's impossible to advertise for ten
months straight without a huge supply
funding so longer campaigns mean more
money in politics other countries set
specific spending limits on campaigns
and in Japan Germany France and the
United Kingdom candidates get subsidized
time on TV in Argentina candidates can
only start advertising less than a month
before the election but that's not to
say that shorter elections devoid of
big-money are necessarily better Japan's
ruling government has been able to
retain its power by calling for snap
elections in Parliament without the
money or time to mount an effective
campaign the ruling party is at a
distinct advantage in 2014
political parties literally drove around
Japan shouting their candidates names to
try and get the word out it didn't work
in the end there certainly are
advantages to a free and competitive
election process but perhaps the most
fair and democratic solution is
somewhere in between 12 and 654 days
we're thrilled to launch an all new
seeker com which is hope to all of
seeker Daily's episodes plus articles
photos and more great video about
science the world and exploration we
can't wait for you to see it check the
link in the description below and we
hope you'll share any favorite stories
or news with all of your friends
