in January 2016 Republican presidential
candidate Donald Trump told NBC's Meet
the Press that he was preparing a big
beautiful tax return to make public
before the November election however
Trump has yet to disclose his taxes and
in May he was quoted saying that such
documents would likely never be released
as there's nothing to learn from them so
is there any merit to this why are
presidential candidates expected to
release their tax returns well a federal
income tax return is in many ways a
snapshot of a person's socio-economic
profile the document shows the owners
income charitable donations business
ventures and of course how much money
they've paid in taxes tax returns can
also reveal offshore Holdings or foreign
bank accounts which can be used for
money laundering or tax evasion every US
citizen including candidates for public
office have the right to keep their tax
returns private however presidential and
vice-presidential candidates are
strongly encouraged and even expected to
publicly disclose those documents this
idea can be traced back to President
Richard Nixon who while running as the
vice presidential candidate in 1952
called for his opponents to release
their financial information to gain the
full faith of the American people
ironically Nixon refused to release his
own tax returns until 1973 more than 20
years later
Nixon's impropriety during the infamous
Watergate scandal led to the Ethics in
Government Act in 1978 the Act required
all presidential candidates to publicly
disclose their financial and employment
history but it did not include releasing
federal tax returns nonetheless by the
late 1970s candidates releasing their
tax returns became common practice so
what would a tax return reveal about
Donald Trump well the documents would
show his income which he has been
accused of vastly overstating as well as
as many business ventures which few
people know the actual success and scopa
but experts say that the most
significant and perhaps damning reveal
would be as donated assets Trump has
repeatedly boasted about his charitable
giving claiming to have donated more
than a hundred million dollars to
charity even calling himself an ardent
philanthropist however many have
questioned the accuracy of those
statements if Trump does not release his
tax returns he'll only be the eighth
candidate not to do so since 1970
what's more every president since Jimmy
Carter has made their returns public
prior to taking office in more than one
instance these documents have caused the
public to raise an eyebrow when a
Republican presidential nominee Mitt
Romney finally released his tax return
under mounting public pressure they
revealed that he had between twenty and
a hundred million dollars in an
individual retirement account IRAs are a
common way to achieve big tax breaks on
savings however federal law caps an
individual's contributions to 30
thousand dollars per year but in other
cases publicly disclosed tax returns
have actually benefited a candidate for
example Bill and Hillary Clinton's 1994
tax returns corroborated the President
and First Lady's claims about their
controversial whitewater land deal and
George HW Bush's 1991 returned revealed
that he had donated more than half of
his income to charity
in his defense Trump has said that he
cannot release his tax returns until the
IRS finishes an audit of his finances
however critics have noted that an audit
does not bar candidates from disclosing
returns and has not prevented other
candidates from doing so in the past
regardless of Donald Trump's motivation
to keep his documents private the lack
of financial transparency is unusual for
a presidential candidate for those
candidates who aren't already wealthy
running for president is actually a
pretty good way to make money find out
how by watching this video in the past
few elections seemingly nobody has seen
as much financial success after failing
to get the nomination than Mike Huckabee
before running for president in 2008 his
annual income was estimated at around
$400,000 after dropping out of the race
Huckabee saw his book sales and speaking
fees explode alongside a Fox News TV
show and a radio program thanks for
checking out seeker daily don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
