of all the world's intelligence and spy
agencies one of the most infamous and
yet secretive is the Israeli Mossad the
organization has been directly
implicated in everything from
extrajudicial assassinations to
capturing former Nazis and successfully
infiltrating enemy governments so what
exactly do we know about Mossad
well Mossad or the Institute for
intelligence and special operations is
one of five intelligence services of
Israel while others are predominantly
focused on domestic military and law
enforcement intelligence Mossad is
considered the primary foreign
intelligence service since Israel is
surrounded by relatively unfriendly
countries the information gathered by
the spy agency is critical enough to be
reported directly to the Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu as with any major spy
organization specific details about
Mossad are not well known although it
was founded around 1950 it's director
was only publicly revealed in 1996
additionally compared to other agencies
Mossad is incredibly small with an
estimated 1,200 personnel by comparison
the u.s. is equivalent foreign spy
agency the CIA is estimated to have
about 20,000 employees one of the many
functions Mossad performs abroad is
helping Jewish refugees escape countries
where they may be persecuted or attacked
particularly hostile or war-torn
countries like Syria Iran and Ethiopia
but in addition to clandestine
humanitarian efforts Mossad has also
been accused of regular extrajudicial
assassinations human rights groups have
widely criticized a 2006 ruling by the
Supreme Court of Israel which stated
that government agents executing
suspected terrorists before they could
act was a legitimate form of pre-emptive
self-defense Mossad agents have been
suspected of killing high-ranking
members of Hamas and Hezbollah both long
considered terrorist groups by Israel in
the United States in 2010 one of the
founders of Hamas military wing was
found drugged and suffocated in the
hotel room in Dubai which dubai police
blamed on Mossad but not all their
assassinations are so secretive in 2004
in israeli apache helicopter fired two
hellfire missiles at close range at a
founder of hamas killing him and
injuring multiple
Stander's Mossad also works to bring
international criminals to court
following World War two Adolf Eichmann
one of the principal architects of the
Holocaust avoided prosecution for war
crimes by escaping to Argentina fifteen
years after the end of the war in 1960
Mossad agents discovered and captured
Eichmann taking him back to Israel to
stand trial for war crimes and crimes
against humanity he was found guilty and
hanged in 1962 around that time a Mossad
agent Eli Cohen infiltrated the Syrian
government he befriended high-ranking
government officials and was eventually
appointed the chief adviser to the
Minister of Defense although he was
found out and executed by Syrian
officials in 1965 the intelligence he
gathered helped Israel win the extremely
contentious six-day war although Mossad
performs some humanitarian and defensive
purposes many criticized the Israeli
government for letting agents act with
impunity especially in cases of
extrajudicial assassination but whether
the full extent of Mossad actions abroad
will ever be known is extremely unlikely
another infamously Secret Intelligence
Agency was the Soviet Union's committeth
Kassadin is Abbas listed or the KGB
learn more about this massive and
infamous agency by watching this video
during its existence unlike other
countries security agencies the KGB was
effectively an independent government
body with little oversight by Russian
leaders the organization performed a
combination of duties including
intelligence gathering border security
and propaganda enforcement thanks for
checking out seeker daily don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
