in May 2016 Bolivia's President Evo
Morales accused Chile of building an
illegal military base near their shared
border what Alice insisted that the
alleged military expansion was an
aggression to the life homeland and to
Bolivia and has threatened to take the
issue to the International Court of
Justice cheela has denied the bases
existence so if the situation escalated
would Sheila be able to take on Bolivia
how powerful is Chile well with over two
hundred eighty thousand square miles
Chile is just larger than the US state
of Texas the country is home to an
estimated 17.5 million people roughly
40% of whom live in or around its
capital city Santiago but while that may
seem fairly large for South America it's
about average by comparison Brazil is
about ten times as large and populous
but what Gmail lacks in size it makes up
for in its dynamic geography Chile
enjoys nearly 4,000 miles of coastline
as well as glaciers fjords the world's
driest desert and longest mountain range
and nearly 260 billion dollars the
country's GDP has steadily grown over
the last several decades however slowing
demand for its largest export copper has
caused a recent decline still Chile gets
consistently high marks and development
competitiveness per capita income and
lack of corruption
what's more Chile's economy is known as
one of South America's greatest success
stories following a 1982 recession and
subsequent free market reforms Chile's
economy has rapidly expanded foreign
investments have increased and poverty
has dropped by more than half
Chile has adopted more than 20 trade
agreements with 60 countries including
the United States and European Union in
2010 Chile became the first South
American country to join the
Organisation for Economic Cooperation
and Development an alliance of 34
high-income countries that encourages
international trade and free market
systems cheela has been able to maintain
economic stability by funneling huge
sums of public money into an investment
fund only to be tapped into during
severe economic downturns
cheela is also a regional leader when it
comes to defense while neighboring Peru
and Argentina are considered to have
somewhat more powerful militaries
Chile's military has more than one
hundred and
forty thousand personnel and has a
nearly five and a half billion dollar
defense budget but beyond its numbers
Chile's military is really known for its
technologically advanced equipment and
well-trained forces the country is also
one of South America's largest buyers
and producers of military equipment so
with the strong military and continually
growing economy as well as healthy
foreign alliances with countries like
the United States and much of Europe
Chile's stands as a powerful regional
leader and model for struggling South
American countries but despite its
regional influence Chile still has its
fair share of disputes particularly with
neighboring Peru to learn more about why
the two countries hate each other you
can check out this video up top and you
can also learn more about the strengths
of other nations like Germany by
clicking the video at the bottom thanks
for watching seeker daily like and
subscribe for new videos every day
