in early march republican candidate ben
Carson dropped out of the 2016 US
presidential election since the start of
his campaign he was called a longshot
candidate and despite his popularity it
seemed unlikely that he would end up as
president but while Carson didn't
survive the nomination process he did
make millions of dollars along the way
so is it possible to get rich by running
for president while just being on the
political stage is an incredibly
lucrative position especially with the
recent rise of the Internet and
subsequent widespread exposure of
candidates some have certainly benefited
if not taken advantage since announcing
his candidacy ben Carson has seen a
massive increase in speaking engagements
and book sales
Yahoo estimates that in 2015 Carson made
more than eight hundred and fifty
thousand dollars on his book a more
perfect union compared to roughly one
hundred and fifty thousand from his 2014
book one nation and after entering the
political arena by criticizing President
Obama at a speech Carson went on to
receive a whopping 4.1 million dollars
in speaking fees all before he even
announced his candidacy but in the past
few election seemingly nobody has seen
as much financial success after failing
to get the nomination than Mike Huckabee
before running for president in 2008 his
annual income was estimated at around
$400,000 after dropping out of the race
Huckabee saw his book sales and speaking
fees explode alongside a Fox News TV
show and a radio program by 2015 he was
making around three million dollars a
year in book royalties and business
income plus roughly another million in
speaking fees but this method isn't a
surefire way of making money according
to estimates done by Yahoo while Ted
Cruz Donald Trump Rand Paul Carly
Fiorina and Marco Rubio all wrote books
in 2015 none earned even half as much as
ben Carson Rubio's book only earned him
about $22,000 compared to Carson's
roughly 850 thousand or even Ted Cruz's
300,000 another aspect of running for
president which makes it a good
financial investment is that often times
campaigns are paid for by supporters and
not by the candidate when Huckabee ran
in 2008 he raised and spent about 16
million dollars from donors reportedly
without any money coming out of pocket
at the same time Donald Trump has found
a way to make money off
the campaign even while self-funding it
Trump's FEC filings show that he spent
more than two million dollars on
businesses he himself owns by flying on
his own airline and staying at Trump
hotels
he has been funneling some of his
campaigns money back into his own pocket
but sometimes it costs a lot more to run
for president than can be recouped
Hillary Clinton's 2008 campaign ended up
costing her more than 13 million dollars
of her own money plus another 12 million
dollars owed creditors by comparison
during the run-up to the 2016 election
Clinton took in more than 21 and a half
million dollars in paid speeches the
ability to hit the national stage and
garner significant amounts of media
attention is thought to be part of the
reason that so many people run for
president the 2016 election has seen at
least 23 serious candidates which by
July will narrow down to just two but
while some of those candidates will see
a big financial return on their run
others will leave empty-handed to learn
more about all of the candidates in this
election cycle watch our presidential
playlist at the top starting with ben
Carson and to learn more about the
qualifications candidates need to run
for president watch our video at the
bottom thanks for watching test-tube
news everyone make sure to LIKE and
subscribe so you get new videos every
day
