on Earth Day 2016 roughly 120 countries
began signing the first-ever global
legally binding treaty on climate change
the Paris agreement this plan may just
be the biggest step towards
environmental responsibility ever and
the head of the Climate Change
Conference called it an historic turning
point but not everyone thinks it's a
step in the right direction critics and
even supporters have panned the
agreement as ineffective so what exactly
is in the Paris agreement and why is it
so important
well the Paris agreement came about as a
result of the 2015 United Nations
Climate Change Conference attended by a
hundred ninety six representatives from
around the world the overall purpose of
both the agreement and conference was to
stop global warming temperatures from
rising more than two degrees Celsius
compared to pre-industrial temperatures
the agreement not only establishes this
two degree upper limit but notes a focus
on keeping it from rising even one and a
half degrees Celsius this number makes
sense because although it doesn't seem
very high over the past 10,000 years the
global temperature has only fluctuated
by about one degree so how exactly does
the agreement plan to accomplish this
limit to be fair it's a little vague on
that note each participatory country is
encouraged to set its own achievable
response which is required by article 3
to be quote ambitious but the real heart
is in the top 55 biggest polluters which
contribute 55 percent of the world's
pollution the agreement is only intended
to go into effect if these 55 countries
ratify it most importantly the US and
China which alone produce about 40% of
global emissions have promised a sign to
its end the United States has also
pledged 3 billion dollars to the Green
Climate Fund which helps developing
countries invest in lowering their
emissions and slowing climate change
perhaps unsurprisingly Republicans and
Congress have attempted to stop both the
u.s. involvement in the Paris agreement
as well as the Green Climate Fund but
despite the importance of having such a
framework in place and the historical
significance of this groundbreaking
piece of legislation many are saying
that the Paris agreement has no teeth in
fact the enforcement
aspect is non-existent no country that
signs will be forced to actually follow
through no fines or sanctions will be
enacted and moreover there's no standard
on which to judge country efforts even
as explained by the UN Assistant
Secretary General on climate change
instead of enforcement there will be
eight named and encouraged system which
hopes to shame non-participatory nations
into compliance
some countries have already chosen to
opt out of the relatively lacks
agreement Greenland for example alleges
that in order to achieve independence
from Denmark it would have to become
economically self-sustaining this would
be impossible to do without raising
carbon emissions through fossil fuel
exploration whether this plan will work
or not remains to be seen cutting
emissions especially in developing
countries often works against
development goals worse is the fact that
the top highest polluters with the
exception of the United States are
mostly developing countries when the
choice is between growth or adhering to
non specific environmental efforts many
are worried that the agreement will not
actually be effective at all but while
the entire world comes together to fight
the effects of climate change a select
few world leaders and influencers have
outright denied its existence watch the
video up top to find out why despite
overwhelming evidence some people still
deny climate change you can also watch
the video below to see how climate
change isn't just about the weather but
that it can also contribute to global
phenomena like terrorism thanks for
watching test-tube news don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
