following terror attacks in Brussels in
March of 2016
European right-wing politicians have
called for further border closures and
restrictions on immigration in fact
seven European countries which were part
of the European Union's open border
system have since reintroduced border
controls in one form or another but many
are saying that open borders are
integral to the EU and fear an
isolationist approach to dealing with a
steadily growing migrant crisis so what
would Europe look like with closed
borders well for most of its history the
EU has encouraged the principle of free
travel for its citizens
22 EU members plus four participating
non EU states are all part of the
Schengen area this is a mostly
contiguous region in Europe which does
not require a passport or any border
control along internal boundaries it
stretches all the way from Iceland to
Greece but with terror attacks and
migrants forcing policy makers to take
action some are saying that the Schengen
area will soon be a thing of the past in
January even Frances former President
Nicolas Sarkozy announced Schengen is
dead but analysts say that closing
Europe's borders could do more harm than
good and ultimately do little to solve
existing problems Greece which has seen
an enormous number of migrants arriving
from Turkey is facing isolation from the
rest of Europe through closed borders
this is especially dangerous as their
debt crisis continues to threaten the EU
stability leaving Greece at the front of
two major crises the United Nations has
warned that closing borders along with
isolationist moves could threaten
European unity without a united response
leaders will be hard pressed to balance
the e use mutual sovereignty with
policies designed to protect individual
countries minor skirmishes on the issue
have already occurred with Hungary and
Croatia essentially sending refugees
back and forth neither side willing to
accept them and both sides furious with
the other's actions blocking borders to
stop refugees in order to fight
terrorism as some countries have done
doesn't entirely make sense most of the
terrorists in the Paris attacks were
citizens of the EU
and the suicide bombers and Brussels
were suspected to be Belgium born so
these people would have been able to
travel throughout Europe with or without
the Schengen area additionally it seems
that there are more Europeans leaving to
fight in the Middle East then there are
extremists entering Europe while there
have been several terror attacks in
Europe over the past year
Belgium alone has been responsible for
contributing hundreds of Fighters to
Isis and similar groups in Syria with
tighter borders doing little to stop
terrorism and doing a launch promote
antagonism between countries the pro
border argument doesn't hold much weight
instead it n to Europe's open borders
might threaten not only its stability
but also its unity without the Schengen
area the European Union might just end
up as plain ol Europe again as Europe
changes to accommodate more than a
million migrants
some countries have taken extreme
measures to stop the incoming flow of
people to learn about some of these
measures watch this video up top you can
also learn about some of the causes of
the migrant crisis one of which may be
the European Union themselves find out
about that at the bottom thanks for
watching test-tube news don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
