in April 2016 Hillary Clinton tweeted
that her opponent Bernie Sanders had
prioritized gun manufacturers over the
parents of mass shooting victims the
tweet garnered considerable controversy
and brought the issue of gun control
front and center in the Democratic
presidential race so what are the issues
at stake and where did the nominees land
on gun control well both Sanders and
Clinton have advocated for stricter gun
control laws both candidates support a
ban on assault weapons expanding
background checks on gun purchases and
prohibiting those on the no-fly list
from buying guns that said the two
remain at odds over a number of gun
related issues
Clinton's tweet concerning gun
manufacturers was a reference to Sanders
stance on the 2005 protection of lawful
Commerce and Arms Act this law protects
gun manufacturers and dealers from being
sued when their products are used in
crimes in Congress Sanders voted in
favor of this bill later justifying his
decision by implying that a hammer
company would not be held responsible if
quote somebody beats somebody over the
head with a hammer
however over the course of the campaign
Sanders has promised to revisit the
question of gun manufacturer liability
Clinton has advocated for a complete
repeal of the 2005 bill arguing that gun
dealers and manufacturers are the only
business in America that enjoys complete
protection from legal liability however
according to PolitiFact
this statement is false gun
manufacturers and dealers don't actually
have complete protection from legal
liability
additionally the protections from
lawsuits that the gun industry does have
also exist in a number of other
industries Clinton and Sanders have also
butted heads over the 1993 Brady handgun
Violence Prevention Act better known as
the Brady Bill the law mandates federal
background checks and a five-day waiting
period on firearm purchases Sanders
voted against the Brady Bill five times
on the grounds that states and not the
federal government should decide on the
question of waiting periods Sanders did
vote for a version of the bill which
replaced the waiting period with an
instant background check on the other
hand Clinton has continually advocated
for the brady bill since its inception
during her time as first lady she
supported the bill on the basis that it
would give time for authorities to check
a gun buyers record and for the buyer to
cool down about any conflict he may have
intended the gun to resolve but despite
competing rhetoric Sanders and Clinton
actually agree on the main focus of the
bill clinton's current stance on the
brady bill is exclusively focused on the
topic of background checks and doesn't
mention waiting periods at all
throughout her political career clinton
has pushed for radical sweeping gun
control including federal bans on
assault rifles and high-capacity
magazines as well as a prohibitive gun
tax meanwhile Sanders has argued that
gun usage varies from state to state and
so different states should have
different gun laws he uses the example
of guns predominantly being used for
hunting in Vermont but used for crime in
a city like Chicago in the end
Sanders position can only be described
as mixed during his 25 years in Congress
his gun related voting record was
roughly split right down the middle with
half of his votes in favor of more
regulation and half against well Clinton
over the years has predominantly
supported strengthening gun control and
she's promised to expand upon it if
elect the president but the gun control
issue is much larger than Clinton or
Sanders and goes back centuries watch
our video up top to find out why a comma
written hundreds of years ago still
affects American gun laws and gun laws
aren't the only reason Clinton is
beating Sanders in super-delegates watch
the video below to learn why
super-delegates prefer Clinton thanks
for watching test-tube news don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
