US Congress people have proposed handing
over airspace control to a private
organization rather than the Federal
Aviation Administration but how could
that work who controls international
airspace well the general principles of
international air law were originally
codified in Latin in the 13th century by
a Roman jurist he stated whoever owns
the soil it is theirs up to heaven and
down to hell
although restrictions and clarifications
have since been expanded the general
principle remains if you own the land
then you own the airspace above it
actually as a result of maritime law if
you own the land then you also own
territory up to 12 nautical miles from
the coast and that includes the air
above it the idea of sovereign airspace
was enacted into international law
through the Paris Convention of 1919
just five years after the first
commercial airline flight the convention
created a few general principles
establishing airspace first each nation
has absolute ownership of the airspace
over its land and water and has the
right to deny passage to any aircraft
next airspace rules must be fair and
equal to both foreign and domestic
aircraft they must allow as much freedom
of passage as possible especially
between nations which had signed the
convention finally in exactly the same
vein as maritime law all aircrafts must
be registered to a specific country in
1944 further and more detailed rules
were enacted in the Chicago Convention
this essentially clarified rights
concerning air traffic and transit it
first prevents military police or
customs aircrafts from entering another
country's airspace without permission it
similarly requires an agreement between
states to allow commercial cargo and
passenger flights however for all other
non scheduled flights no permission is
needed to fly over a participating
country although countries are allowed
to demand that a foreign aircraft land
in their territory if it enters their
airspace so while countries do own the
airspace above them they have to give
civil and state aircraft some level of
access but unlike land and water
airspace is a relatively conceptual idea
how far up does it go and when does it
become outerspace
well actually nobody really knows and
laws around airspace don't address any
upper limits and while this wasn't
really a relevant question before space
travel began
has come into place since according to
the united states air force anyone who
passes 50 vertical miles is considered
an astronaut while NASA and the world
air Sports Federation established this
quarter a little farther out at a
hundred kilometers or 62 miles but this
border is not codified into airspace law
and in some cases returning space
shuttles have dipped below this line
over foreign countries without receiving
permission
luckily outside of military conflict
countries have found an airspace
framework that's globalized the world
around us to learn more about how
commercial aviation globalized the world
you can check out this video up top or
to learn more about air traffic control
and how it tracks planes in flight watch
this video below from dnews Plus thanks
for watching test-tube news make sure to
LIKE and subscribe for new videos every
day
