in late february 2016 the head of the
Democratic National Committee requested
that media outlets stop including
super-delegates and their overall
delegate count following the March 26
caucuses Hillary Clinton led Bernie
Sanders by roughly 700 votes that might
sound like a lot but actually Clinton's
lead is mostly made up of
super-delegates who account for 27% of
her total meanwhile super-delegates make
up only about 3% of Sanders account so
what exactly are super-delegates and why
is Sanders so far behind well in the
Democratic party's nomination process
there are roughly forty seven hundred
available votes which are cast by
delegates now about four thousand of
these delegates are called pledged
delegates and they pledge to vote in
accordance with primary and caucus
results pledged delegates are
essentially voter representatives
similar to the electoral college system
for the presidential election but the
remaining 700 or so are super-delegates
and they can vote for whomever they want
super-delegates are often high-ranking
party insiders Congress people and even
include figures like Bill Clinton Barack
Obama Jimmy Carter and Joe Biden
super-delegates were originally enacted
after nomination rules changed in 1972
to allow for a popular vote to select
the nominee before this nominees were
picked in secret by party leaders
however the next two candidates voted in
by the public George McGovern and Jimmy
Carter lost the presidency to
Republicans McGovern actually lost 49
states to Nixon and Carter lost 44 to
Reagan the Democratic Party decided that
letting the public choose the nominee
would field weaker candidates so they
created super-delegates to give the
party leaders more influence over the
selection today many believe this
process generally serves to undermine
outsider candidates and keep nominees
from straying too far from the
Democratic Party's values in endorsing
their preferred candidates party leaders
hope to maintain the status quo even the
head of the DNC explained in a CNN and
that super-delegates exist specifically
so that party leaders don't have to run
against grassroots activists candidates
like Hillary Clinton are intentionally
given a delegate head start against
alternatives like Bernie Sanders
additionally one of the reasons Hillary
has such a massive lead over Sanders is
that many of them promise to vote for
her long before Sanders picked up in
popularity in fact five months before
even the first caucus or primary Clinton
already alleged to hold 440
super-delegates so does this mean
they'll all vote for Clinton not at all
super-delegates can change their vote in
the lead-up to the convention although
in January 2008 Clinton had a hundred
more super-delegates than Barack Obama
by June Obama was showing twice as many
super-delegates some of whom had changed
their vote many have called this system
severely undemocratic and nonsensical as
it seemingly only serves to undermine an
outsider candidate on the other hand
historically super-delegates have never
actually determined to the Democratic
nominee nonetheless painting Sanders as
dramatically behind Clinton based on
unpledged super-delegates does seem to
be a point of significant contention the
Republican Party doesn't have
super-delegates but it still has control
over who becomes the Republican nominee
find out how a brokered convention can
still keep a frontrunner from getting
into the general election and see how
the GOP might use one to stop Trump at
the top and if you're still unsure about
the difference between a primary in a
caucus check out our video at the bottom
thanks for watching test-tube news
everyone make sure to LIKE and subscribe
so you get new videos from us every day
