China's recent economic slowdown has
pushed them to try a Western capitalist
approach similar to Reaganomics so what
exactly is Reaganomics and could it work
in China
well Reaganomics refers to the 1980s
economic policy of former US President
Ronald Reagan when he took office in
1981 the United States was undergoing
stagflation both unemployment and
inflation were rising at the same time
making it impossible to address either
problem without leading to a downward
economic spiral to combat the problem
Reagan proposed four solutions the first
was called supply-side economics or
trickle-down theory the basic premise is
that by giving massive tax cuts people
will have more money left over to invest
in the economy under Reagan wealthy
Americans went from paying roughly 70%
in taxes to just 28% the second idea was
to deregulate government oversight and
economic price-fixing implemented by
previous presidents most notably Reagan
removed restrictions on the banking
industry leading to a situation mirrored
by the 2008 financial crisis banks began
investing in risky unpacked real estate
and when these investments failed so too
did half the banks in the country
leading to the 1989 savings and loan
crisis as in 2008 these banks were
bailed out Reagan also gutted government
services particularly regulatory and
oversight agencies this was done to
offset the massive tax breaks and might
have worked if it weren't for Reagan's
fourth plan from 1980 to 1986 the threat
of the Soviet Union led Reagan to double
defense spending by 1989 it reached
nearly a quarter of the u.s. his total
federal budget so how did that all work
out well for the first two years of
Reagan's term the country fell into a
recession but after interest rates were
adjusted and Reaganomics went into play
the u.s. saw a brief period of healthy
growth Americans had more money after
tax cuts industries flourished without
oversight and the military cemented the
United States his powerful position
abroad but the huge loss of tax revenue
coupled with massive spending increases
on defense led to the country's national
debt jumping from about 900 billion
dollars in 1980 to more than 3 trillion
by 1990 many of Reagan's policies were
continued by the next
Republican presidents George HW Bush and
his son George W Bush pushing the
deficit to roughly ten trillion by 2008
today after decades of Reaganomics many
are pointing to the disappearing middle
class incredibly wealthy 1% and overly
powerful military as being the result of
those policies for example radical
deregulation of the USA's financial
markets by George W Bush has been
pointed to one of the biggest catalysts
of the 2008 global economic crisis and
despite a steady recovery from that
crisis all of the wealthiest Americans
have seen any real growth while the
wages are stagnant countrywide as China
grapples with its own economic issues
President Xi Jinping's Reaganesque
policies are focused on tax cuts and
deregulation but in fact historical
analysis shows that cutting taxes to
stimulate the economy no longer works so
what would happen to China if it went
with Reaganomics well the economy may
show signs of improvement same as it did
in the United States and it is likely
that the richest will grow even richer
but unless China is able to effectively
cut government spending such as
subsidies for failing mines and
factories it will be China's middle and
lower classes holding the national debt
bill we'd like to take a second and
thank our sponsor for this episode if
you're an entrepreneur innovator or
building a small business domain.com is
the place to go when that next great
idea hits you join millions of others
online with your dot-com or dotnet
domain name be recognized with the
world's premier web addresses and our
friends at domain.com are giving fans
20% off domain names and web hosting
when you use the coupon code tube at
checkout please be sure to watch more
test-tube news videos like this one
about America's reliance on Chinese
investment and manufacturing but the US
also needs China in non-economic matters
too in North Korea in Iran the threat of
nuclear proliferation has only recently
seen some measure of control before the
easing of sanctions in Iran China was
the country's largest purchaser of crude
oil holding significant bargaining power
thanks for watching test-tube news
everyone don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
