on March 22nd 2016 Isis terrorists
killed more than two dozen people in
Brussels Belgium capital these attacks
come just a few days after the capture
of Salah Abdeslam one of the terrorists
involved in the recent Paris attacks
Abdeslam was found in a controversial
Belgian neighborhood known for Muslim
extremism with terrorist activity both
starting and ending in Belgium we wanted
to know why do so many terrorists come
from Belgium over the past few years
more than 500 Belgians have reportedly
left their country to fight alongside
Sunni extremists terror groups in Iraq
and Syria and while other European
countries face the same issue
Belgium produces considerably more
foreign fighters for capita than any
other nation in the European Union
roughly 46 Belgians for every million
residents become foreign fighters
compared to just 18 per million for
friends and even 28 per million for
Palestine and while there is no clear
concrete reason why Belgium has a
disproportionate share of extremists
there are a few proposed explanations
one contributing factor is the
neighborhood of molenbeek this is a
predominantly Muslim area with a very
high percentage of foreign residents
this neighborhood has been implicated in
at least three terror attacks since 2014
following the Paris attacks the now
captured Abdeslam was able to hide with
the help of neighborhood residents
police have been attacked in the
neighborhood and even stabbed by Belgian
horn extremists with little recourse by
law enforcement another proposed reason
focuses on the actual Islamic teachings
found in Belgium Belgium Security Agency
suggests that Saudi Arabia has a large
hand in sponsoring their sect of Islam
in Brussels called Wahhabism this ultra
conservative fundamentalist French is
followed by terror groups like Isis and
al-qaeda the Great Mosque of Brussels
the largest in the country is sponsored
by Saudi Arabia but one of the biggest
factors in Islamic extremism in Europe
is the two-sided isolation encountered
by foreign residents as in France
incoming ethnic minorities often find
themselves living in poorer regions and
separated from longtime resident
in neighborhoods like molenbeek the
unemployment rate is around 30% and even
higher for the youth and while
right-wing parties use minorities as a
scapegoat for crime violence and
cultural disruption left-wing parties
ignore religious intolerance not only
does this polarize Muslim communities
but it also further alienates everyday
Muslims who see little support from
either side without moderate empowerment
to stand up against extremism extremism
flourishes on top of all that Brussels
is a central target for terrorism as it
hosts both the EU and NATO headquarters
in the end while Belgium does have a
disproportionate number of foreign
fighters and terrorists the problems
faced by their country are not unique
other European countries like France and
Germany struggle with many of the exact
same issues the Belgium may be the
countries suffering the most and this
isn't the first time a hobb ism has been
tied back to terrorist organizations it
also has a huge influence in Saudi
Arabia learn more about the strict
ideology in our video at the top and to
find out why so many foreign fighters
have joined Isis check out our video at
the bottom thanks for tuning in to
testin news make sure to subscribe so
you can watch new videos every day
