following alleged nuclear weapons
testing in North Korea in January of
2016 the United Nations imposed strict
sanctions on the country and warned
dictator Kim jong-un against further
nuclear development that same week the
North Korean leader threatened to
release a pre-emptive nuclear strike of
justice at both South Korea and the
United States such a threat could
allegedly provide the basis for a legal
declaration of war against North Korea
and it may just want to know what would
happen if the United States and North
Korea went to war well historically the
countries have been lifelong enemies the
United States was instrumental in the
post-world War two division of Korea
with the u.s. backing South Korea's
development and Russia backing North
Korea since then the US and South Korea
have maintained a mutual defense treaty
meaning that in case of aggression the
two countries will back each other
against an aggressor in fact military
alliances are where North Korea suffers
the most with very few exceptions most
notably Russia and China North Korea has
no real allies moreover even Russia and
China would be hard-pressed to go to war
with the United States over a relatively
weak and unstable country it may be more
accurate to describe them as friendly
mediators than actual defensive military
allies so with little to no support
how does North Korea fare on its own
well militarily it's a mixed bag on the
one hand the country's military
dictatorship means that nearly all
eligible citizens would be included in
their troop count that's an estimated 5
million active troops plus another 5
million fit for service through
mandatory conscription by comparison the
US has only about two and a half million
active troops
unfortunately for North Korea that's
where their military superiority ends
there's no question that the United
States operates the most expensive and
modern military on earth the biggest
reason the US doesn't have as many
troops as North Korea is that they don't
need them against technology like
fighter drones smart bombs and billions
of dollars worth of tanks jets and
battleships North Korea's outdated
underfunded and faulty soviet-era
equipment doesn't stand a chance
their annual defense budget is estimated
around seven and a half billion dollars
while the u.s. spends more than 77 times
that on defense and while North Korea
does have a slight edge of
unpredictability concerning their
nuclear capabilities realistically
they've got fewer than ten crude nuclear
bombs even one nuclear weapon seems like
a big deal but North Korea's nuclear
program is believed to still be in its
infancy and largely ineffective by
comparison the United States possesses
more than 7,000 nukes located all around
the world this is alongside a powerful
missile defense system which would
likely destroy any North Korean missile
before it ever reached the u.s. in the
end there's almost no way for a North
Korean attack to end favorably for North
Korea Kim jong-un is undoubtedly aware
of this which explains why the country
regularly threatens to attack but has
never actually done it and likely never
will but while North Korea may stand
alone politically that doesn't mean they
don't have any trade or diplomatic
allies find out which countries support
North Korea by watching this video up
top or you can get a bird's-eye view at
North Korea's military and economic
strength by watching this video below
thanks for checking out test-tube news
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
new videos every day
