in early 2016 President Barack Obama
signed an emergency declaration
concerning Flint Michigan severely
contaminated water supply since 2014
when the city switched water resources
from Detroit to the Flint River there
has been a massive increase in lead
contamination and while the situation in
Michigan has received a lot of attention
it's not the only city with water
problems so what's wrong with America's
water well in 2013 the American Society
of Civil Engineers gave the USS drinking
water a grade of D in their
infrastructure report card while they
admit that US water on average is
actually of a fairly high quality the
infrastructure is nearing the end of its
service life hundreds of thousands of
water mains break every year and in many
cases the pipes connecting the supplies
such as in Flint Michigan are old and
contaminated with lead the American
Water Works Association has even
predicted it cost at least one trillion
dollars to update and replace the US as
aging pipes overall drinking water
quality is dictated by state and federal
standards the most important of which is
the Safe Drinking Water Act of 1974 this
sets limits of how many microorganisms
disinfectants chemicals and lead are
allowed in public water systems which
serve a majority of US citizens however
a 2009 report by the New York Times
found that 1/5 of public water systems
in the u.s. violated the Safe Drinking
Water Act less than 6% of those
violators saw fines or punishment by the
Environmental Protection Agency and
across the country more than a million
and a half Americans still don't have
reliable plumbing with many below the
federal poverty level although it is
rare in the United States there are many
groups suffering water poverty an
inability to access clean water these
are predominantly the urban homeless
population migrant workers unregulated
border communities and portions of
Native American reservations one of the
reasons that water quality and supply
sees a lack of investment and innovation
is that it falls by the wayside in favor
of emerging technologies according to
the Atlantic's city lab out of over four
billion dollars in venture capital clean
tech investment only about five percent
or two hundred million dollars went
towards researching and improving water
and with drought in regions
the west coast water scarcity and rising
costs are making it harder and harder
for those without water to access or
afford it
residents dealing with Flint's lead
contaminated water pay an average of a
hundred and forty dollars a month for
water and sewage whereas the surrounding
County only pays between fifty and a
hundred dollars a month many residents
have even received overdue notices for
this deadly water but despite severe
issues in water infrastructure lack of
investment insufficient plumbing and
water access the u.s. does manage to
provide clean water and sanitation to
most of the country
the real problem is getting it to
disadvantaged groups and making sure
that gross violations like the ones in
Flint are dealt with and rectified as a
result of Flint's ongoing water crisis
more than a hundred thousand residents
have been exposed to lead poisoning find
out how the crisis came to be in the
video at the top and for a broader look
at how America's infrastructure is in
trouble
check out the video at the bottom thanks
for watching test-tube news don't forget
to hit the subscribe button for new
videos every day
