March 2016 marks 55 years since
President John F Kennedy formed the
United States Peace Corps since then the
government-run institution has sent more
than 220,000 Americans to nearly a
hundred and forty countries as a result
the world has learned more about the US
and vice-versa the Peace Corps is known
for its philanthropy however the
organization has had its fair share of
controversy so what exactly does the
Peace Corps do well sending young
Americans abroad has been a fairly
mainstream idea since the early 20th
century during both world wars the US
government and a number of private
groups sent Americans to work in foreign
refugee camps and international aid
missions then in 1961 President Kennedy
officially founded the Peace Corps
based on similar programs carried out by
missionary groups the Peace Corps was
marketed to recent college graduates
suggesting that young people would find
gratification by assisting
underprivileged and politically unstable
nations today the organization's goals
are threefold personal fulfillment
charitable acts and strengthening the
USS image abroad volunteers in 63
countries are currently carrying out
humanitarian missions ranging anywhere
from teaching basic English to building
infrastructure and even responding to
natural disasters the program still
predominantly attracts young people and
new college graduates however it's
gaining popularity among retired adults
but despite its reputable goals and
lofty accomplishments the Peace Corps is
marred by controversy much of this came
to light in 2010 when the u.s. inspector
general reported that since 1989
hundreds of Peace Corps volunteers had
been victims of murder kidnapping
assault and robbery
a year later ABC's 20/20 reported that
nearly 1,000 female Peace Corps
volunteers had been raped or sexually
assaulted during their time abroad the
organization allegedly ignored several
of the incidents and even blamed the
women for the attacks in the aftermath
the Peace Corps director Aaron Williams
was asked to testify before Congress
which later introduced a bill requiring
the organization to take measures that
protect volunteers but controversies
aside the Peace Corps is reputation has
remained mostly positive in fact it's
one of the few publicly funded
organization
that enjoys bipartisan support and has
kept robust funding even during economic
downturns the Peace Corps has also
helped mitigate the spread of pandemics
like malaria and HIV and has assisted in
catastrophes like Hurricane Katrina and
the 2004 tsunami in Southeast Asia with
a budget that's nearly doubled in the
last two decades and increasing demand
for volunteer positions the Peace Corps
is only getting stronger a similar
organization the United Nations
peacekeepers is also focused on helping
disadvantaged people or those in
conflict zones find out just what UN
peacekeepers actually do by watching
this video up top and if you haven't
already be sure to check out our email
newsletter every week you'll get an
assortment of videos about science
current events politics and more sign up
just click this box below or visit
test-tube comm /f w d thanks for
watching test-tube news make sure to
LIKE and subscribe for new videos every
day
