every time you see me you want to mess
with me these are some of the last words
spoken by Eric garner you may remember
his case Eric was arrested on suspicion
of selling illegal cigarettes in New
York
despite being unarmed he was placed in a
chokehold by officers which according to
a medical examiner's report led to his
death an hour later those last words
every time you see me you want to mess
with me have since been taken up by a
related cause the black lives matter
movement the movement began in 2013 in
response to a different high-profile and
racially charged death Trayvon Martin's
and has since become a rallying cry for
all those regardless of race who yearned
for equality and justice was very clear
that those three words or something if
resonated for me could resonate for
other black people and their allies
that's patrisse cullors creator of the
hashtag and one of the cofounders of the
black lives matter movement Patrice
watch cases like Trayvon Martin Michael
Brown and Eric garner stir up a lot of
controversy and emotion in the country
but to her these incidents were a
symptom of a much larger issue an issue
that she had a very personal experience
with the American criminal justice
system and the racial biases running
rampant ur you have to remember it's not
just prisons
it's police it's the courts there's an
entire apparatus it's my duty to support
and develop a new narrative and support
and develop new structures and new
systems looking at the fact there is
little doubt that racial inequality
exists within the criminal justice
system a 2008 report by the US
Department of Justice stated that black
drivers were roughly three times as
likely to be searched during a traffic
stop and twice as likely to be arrested
than white drivers they were also more
likely to experience threats or use of
force during these interactions with the
police and it doesn't stop there
incarceration rates disproportionately
impact men of color according to a 2014
report by the US Department of Justice
black men had the
imprisonment rate in every age group and
were in state or federal facilities up
to ten times more often than white men
for Patrice though the problem isn't a
bunch of statistics it's very real and
it opens up another dimension of mass
incarceration drug enforcement both my
brother and father were addicted to
crack and my father was in and out of
prison lost his life and I say it was
the war on drugs that killed him because
instead of him having access to
treatment he was locked up and put in
prison America's public enemy number one
in the United States is drug abuse the
war on drugs refers to a set of
zero-tolerance drug sentencing laws
dating back to the 1970s many argue that
these strict policies are responsible
for the US prison population expanding
by approximately 700 percent the war on
drugs has even been described as the new
Jim Crow one critic argues that the war
has been waged almost exclusively in
poor communities of color even though
studies consistently show that people of
all colors use and sell illegal drugs at
remarkably similar rates none of these
in Justices the war on drugs the prison
system racial profiling were lost on
Patrice as she grew up and became
politically active I think it also
shapes how you see the world that shapes
how you see yourself for me early on I
was very angry there was no organizers
knocking my door saying come join this
movement there were no marches people
were just dying and people were being
locked up and I felt like it was a trap
a trap for all of us my response was to
fight
my response was enjoying the movement
and that movement she's talking about is
black lives matter which in spite of all
the issues histories and politics that
covers is first and foremost a sorely
needed call-to-action we have so many
folks who are doing such powerful work
with black lives matter in their own
communities whether that's initiating
conversations whether that is doing
brilliant actions around black lives
matter or theorizing what black lives
matter means in their context want to
know more about what discrimination
looks like in America click here to
watch this video now police were more
likely to search your car and they're
more likely to use force against you if
there's a misunderstanding thanks for
watching test-tube news don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
