in January 2016 Greenland announced that
it would be one of the only nations to
opt out of the Paris climate deal which
is a global agreement to lower
greenhouse emissions Greenland officials
say that agreement would cost them
hundreds of millions of dollars and
further distance the country from
achieving independence from Denmark it
has only been in recent years that
Greenland has been economically able to
exist independently so can Greenland
achieve independence from Denmark while
their power struggle dates back to 1721
when a Danish Norwegian missionary first
colonized the Greenland region Denmark
and Norway split a century later leaving
Greenland completely under Danish rule
Greenland took the first step toward
independence in 1953 when they gained
representation in Danish Parliament
roughly two decades later Greenland was
granted Home Rule which gave them
greater control over internal policies
in 2008 an overwhelming majority of
Greenlandic citizens voted in favor of a
self-governing referendum the vote
turned over control of law enforcement
coastguard and the legal system and even
changed the official language from
Danish to Greenlandic but despite recent
legislative and social strides toward an
independent Greenland the country is far
from complete
autonomy as one of three countries in
the Kingdom of Denmark Greenland is
entitled to roughly 650 million dollars
a year which is a significant amount
considering Greenland's GDP is only
about two billion dollars moreover
denmark supports Greenland's population
of less than 60,000 by providing the
island with a military and handling its
Foreign Affairs in order to make up for
potential losses who island would have
to tap into its recently discovered
offshore oil and mineral reserves and
2010 oil executives poured into
Greenland after traces of oil were
discovered in its territorial waters
three years later a 25 year ban on the
mining of radioactive materials was
lifted giving Greenland access to
uranium and other potentially lucrative
resources
additionally rapidly melting Arctic ice
as a result of global warming has made
mining and drilling operations possible
in places that were not in the past
Greenland's government plans to use
these natural resources to end its
financial dependency on Denmark
this has in turn led Greenland to reject
global climate change efforts in support
of its own sovereignty when talks of
Independence ensue Greenland officials
repeatedly voiced the country's desire
to run their own foreign policy and
create a self-sustaining economy
additionally many green lenders have
spoken out against Danish rule saying
that their indigenous culture is
neglected and that influence from
Denmark is patronizing and overbearing
but Greenland still has no workable plan
in place to claim its independence
exploiting offshore oil and mineral
reserves could make their emissions
greater than anywhere else on earth all
while climate change disrupts its
ecosystems and ways of life many
politicians have hinted at an
emancipation timeframe however their
predictions range anywhere from 8 to 50
years from now with more pressing issues
at hand like widespread alcoholism and a
high unemployment rate an independent
Greenland will likely remain in the
distant future but Greenland isn't the
only country seeking recognition as an
independent country while Greenland is
held back by economic flows regions like
Somaliland are held back by war and
poverty to learn more about why
Somaliland isn't recognized as an
independent country check out this video
here well in 1960 the occupying British
agreed to lift their claim on Somaliland
as long as it merged with a neighboring
former Italian colony the unification
resulted in the formation of the somali
republic however the newly formed state
quickly devolved into conflict northern
Somalis feeling too much power was
allocated to the south ignited a rebel
movement thanks for watching test-tube
news remember to Like and subscribe for
new videos every day
