in February 2016 the United Nations
Human Rights office announced that
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange was
being arbitrarily detained by Sweden and
the United Kingdom Assange was in prison
and under house arrest until his Asylum
at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London in
2012 since then he has been under
constant surveillance by British law
enforcement all this stems from his role
in the disclosure of secret documents
concerning the world's governments and
militaries while Assange has political
asylum his organization WikiLeaks
continues to publish confidential
information so just how powerful is
WikiLeaks while WikiLeaks was founded by
Assange around 2006 as a journalistic
platform for whistleblowers to share
evidence of illegal or corrupt
activities however since there is
relative danger to mass publishing
classified information
WikiLeaks acts as a sort of intermediary
for whistleblowers they're able to
leaked it to the press without having
anonymous whistleblowers accidentally
identified according to WikiLeaks
they've released more classified
intelligence documents than the rest of
the world press combined the
organization first received global
attention in 2010 WikiLeaks published
the video of a US helicopter gunning
down multiple journalists in Iraq
entitled collateral murder later that
year they also released thousands of
internal military logs concerning the
Afghan war the reliefs painted the war
as a failure and disclosed the huge
number of unreported civilian deaths
higher terrorist activity and the
sponsorship of terrorism by Pakistan and
Iran
several months later WikiLeaks released
a similar cache of documents concerning
the Iraq war they detailed 15,000
unaccounted civilian deaths and the u.s.
tolerating torture by Iraqi security
forces but perhaps the most damaging
leak was that of US diplomatic cables in
late 2010
these were private communications
between US State Department officials
and diplomats discussing world leaders
and international conflict many outline
corruption and human rights abuses in
u.s. friendly countries the publication
of these cables even contributed to the
collapse of the Tunisian government when
it was revealed that the president's
family was corrupt and
disproportionately wealthy the response
against WikiLeaks has been overwhelming
the US government has said these leaks
could threaten national security and
many countries have openly condemned the
organization the then chairman of the
Joint Chiefs of Staff said they might
already have on their hands the blood of
some young soldier when Canadian
political adviser even called for the
assassination of Julian Assange
additionally since its inception the US
government and others have repeatedly
attempted to shut down the site and rest
its founder Amazon has since blocked
WikiLeaks from using its servers and a
number of countries have centered their
Internet to prevent WikiLeaks access
payment services like Visa MasterCard
and PayPal have also blocked donations
to WikiLeaks but in recent years there
have been a number of imitators
including region-specific whistleblowing
organizations which have been met with
their own takedown notices WikiLeaks has
sent governments scrambling exposed
corruption and garnered a massive
international effort to dismantle its
operation no matter how you look at it
there's no question that WikiLeaks and
the online whistleblowers that have
followed in its wake
yield tremendous power in this new age
of information one of the most famous
recent whistleblowers is Edward Snowden
who leaked the existence of mass
surveillance by government organizations
such as the NSA check out this video to
learn more about Snowden's journey over
the past few years for 2013 Soudan holds
various IT jobs at the CIA and the NSA
which gives him access to sensitive data
on May 20th 2013
Snowden flies from Hawaii to Hong Kong
from June 5th through the 8th at
Snowden's behest the Guardian publishes
its first articles revealing top secret
programs like prism the US government
and President Obama in particular are
accused of unlawful international spy
thanks for watching test-tube news don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos
every day
