you've probably heard a lot about
systemic discrimination in America it's
the idea that if you're not white the
deck is somehow stacked against you and
that is true government studies and
academic research show over and over
again that to be black in America is to
face bias what you might not realize is
just how constant varied an
idiosyncratic that bias can be so using
all these studies let's try to paint a
picture of a life that millions of black
Americans live if you're black in
America you run into bias at a pretty
young age if you walk to school in the
morning you might have to wait longer to
cross the street drivers stop less
frequently for black pedestrians than
for white if you misbehave in school you
might be punished more harshly than your
white classmates even if you broke the
same rule and when you apply to colleges
your disciplinary record might make it
harder to get in if you're black in
America and you're looking for a job you
might have to look harder job applicants
with black sounding names receive fewer
callbacks than those with white sounding
names and if you get the job keep in
mind that you'll be working just as hard
as your white colleagues but might make
30% less than them if you're black in
America and you want to buy a house your
agent might show you fewer properties
than his white clients and if you manage
to find your dream home you might have a
harder time getting a bank loan if
you're black in America you might get
pulled over by the police more than your
white friends if that happens
police are more likely to search your
car and they're more likely to use force
against you if there's a
misunderstanding if you're arrested and
convicted of a crime your sentence might
be harsh or two if you're black in
America and you get sick you might have
to tough it out doctors prescribed pain
relievers to black patients less
frequently than to white patients
and sometimes life-saving heart
medication too if you're black in
America and you're getting older
make sure to plan ahead you might have a
harder time getting into a nursing home
than your white friends or family and
finally if you're black in America and
you're tired of this bias and you want
to use your vote to change the system it
won't be easy when you try to learn
about where or how to vote
local officials might not even return
your call now there are some caveats
first Hispanics Asians and other
minorities face a lot of these
situations too and second this story is
based on studies and surveys so not all
of these situations are true for every
place in America at every time but it
does paint a pretty consistent picture
if you're white
it's a picture that might shock you if
you're not you might have faced a lot of
this already
