in January 2016 the president of
Kazakhstan Nursultan Nazarbayev called a
snap election in the face of numerous
allegations of human rights abuses his
27 year long reign has been recently
hampered by falling oil prices and
economic instability but Kazakhstan has
never held a free and fair election and
was one of the last countries to see
independence following the fall of the
Soviet Union so we wanted to know just
how powerful is Kazakhstan
well geographically Kazakhstan is huge
at 1 million square miles the country is
roughly the size of Western Europe but
despite its size Kazakhstan has a
relatively small population of around 18
million making it the 61st most
populated country in the world the
population is also majority Muslim and
is actually the northernmost Muslim
majority country in the world the region
also has massive oil deposits making up
a majority of its economy Kazakhstan has
a GDP of roughly two hundred and
eighteen billion dollars which is
smaller than most US states and European
countries that being said Kazakhstan's
economy has grown wildly since the
collapse of the Soviet Union the
discovery of oil and the sale of
minerals like uranium copper and zinc
have helped contribute to this growth in
fact Kazakhstan was the first former
Soviet satellite to receive a positive
global investment ranking in 2002
meaning that they were less vulnerable
to invest in than other lower ranked
countries militarily Kazakhstan ranks as
the 66th strongest in the world with
nearly half a million active personnel
in 2012 they spent a little over 1% of
their GDP on military expenditures which
isn't much however their close relations
with neighboring Russia and China as
well as friendly association with the
United States suggests that they have
little to fear of foreign aggression
additionally they're a member of the
United Nations the Organization of
Islamic Cooperation and a NATO
partnership peace program Kazakhstan
also hosts the world's first and largest
space launch facility which was built by
the Soviet Union in the late 1950s it's
still operational today and serves to
launch all manned Russian space missions
domestically tensions between ethnic
Russians and the
and cossacks have underscored president
Nazarbayev's grip on the country for
many years he has resisted free and fair
democracy and silenced dissidents in
2011 his attempts at remaining in power
without election until 2020 were ruled
unconstitutional but today his party
still holds a majority of seats in
parliament
but while Kazakhstan may be dealing with
political troubles it's still an
important regional power between their
considerable oil contributions and
strategic location for Russia and China
Kazakhstan is actually more powerful
than might seem at face value you can
check out how powerful neighboring
Russia is by watching this video at the
top or just learn about a whole bunch of
other countries by watching our how
powerful playlist down here if there are
any other countries you want to see or
any other topics you want us to do
keep the suggestions coming we're so
close to a million subscribers and we'll
have an extra special video for you when
that time comes thanks for watching and
make sure to subscribe so we hit that
million even faster
