in May of 1991 members of a group called
the Somali National Movement decided to
secede from Somalia and form their own
state since then they've established a
functioning government and an economy in
a region known for war and poverty but
the Somaliland passport is only accepted
by a handful of African nations which
effectively isolates its self-declared
citizens
so if Somaliland has all the makings to
become a country why isn't the world
recognizing it well in 1960 the
occupying British agreed to lift their
claim on Somaliland as long as it merged
with a neighboring former Italian colony
the unification resulted in the
formation of the Somali Republic however
the newly formed state quickly devolved
into conflict northern Somalis feeling
too much power was allocated to the
south ignited a rebel movement within a
decade
Somalia's president was assassinated and
a coup saw the brutal military dictator
see odd beret take power in 1969 he
began a systematic campaign of human
rights abuses dissidents were regularly
tortured raped and killed and by the
late 1980s sparked a bloody rebellion
followed by his civil war when bar a was
ousted from power in 1991 a pro-western
insurgent group took over northern
somalia and advocated for an independent
state along former British lines by 2001
more than 97% of Somaliland voters
affirmed their independence in a
referendum but their vote was rejected
by both Somalia and the international
community one of the key reasons for
this rejection is that the African Union
feared that Somaliland independence
would ignite other violent separatist
attempts
moreover the ongoing conflict in the
Somali region has made stability
difficult and resulted in a long
ineffective government this would likely
mean that other self-administered
portions of Somalia including Puntland
and jubilant would also break away this
could potentially reignite territorial
rivalries which have laid dormant for
years though Somaliland does have
informal diplomatic relations with a
number of African and European countries
as well as the United States although
the Republic of Somalia formally
the territory as an autonomous region it
refuses to accept that it's a fully
independent state until it does
Somaliland will not find its way to
sovereignty this is similar to the
situation with China's autonomous
regions like the sovereignty seeking
Tibet still few countries are willing to
directly oppose the developing African
Union over the matter of Somaliland
sovereignty for now
Somaliland remains under Somalia's
control and will continue diplomatically
fighting for its independence so how can
a group of people just declare their
independence what do you need to be a
sovereign nation find out in our video
how to start your own country the
qualifications for what constitutes a
nation were clearly spelled out in the
1933 Montevideo convention this
Agreement defined a state as having
sovereignty regardless of whether or not
other countries acknowledged it thanks
for watching test-tube news don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
