in early June 2016 the Chinese
government released an official report
touting the country's religious freedom
which they said is quote undeniable to
anyone who respects the facts the report
came with the heels of criticism from
human rights groups and foreign
governments over the country's
discriminatory laws towards its Muslim
minority although the Chinese government
is officially atheist every major
religion is reflected in the population
of roughly 1.3 billion so how exactly
does religion work in China well the
number of religious people in China is
not really known studies suggest that
anywhere from thirty to eighty five
percent of Chinese people adhere to a
religion however the Chinese government
itself has different figures a majority
of the country's religious population
adheres to either Buddhism Taoism or
Confucianism these are collectively
known as the three teachings as their
histories are deeply intertwined in all
three have influenced Chinese culture
religion was banned in China under
communist party leader Mao Zedong in the
mid 20th century religious movements
were oppressed churches shut down and
priests imprisoned but with Mao's death
in 1976 the new leader lifted the ban
and the country began to modernize
leading to a resurgence in organized
religion in 1982 article 36 was added to
China's Constitution which bans
religious based discrimination and
protects freedom of religious belief
however the law only recognizes by
faiths Buddhism Catholicism Taoism Islam
and Protestantism and it doesn't
guarantee citizens the right to practice
or worship as a result religious
organizations particularly those which
are not recognized by the state continue
to face discrimination and legal
persecution many victims are among
China's vast growing Christian
population which pew estimated in 2010
to be roughly 65 million the Chinese
government interprets unofficial
Christian groups as cults influenced by
Western values and in recent years the
state has upped its efforts to eradicate
unregistered churches many pastors have
been jailed on baseless charges and in
2014 the state launched a campaign to
remove crosses from 1,200 churches in
the name of maintaining quote safety and
beauty meanwhile the Chinese government
has cracked down on Muslim communities
as well which are concentrated in the
northwest changing autonomous region in
the name of fighting extremists and
terrorism the state
has strictly regulated religious
observance like veils Islamic symbols
and even beards the government has also
shut down mosques monitored Muslim
sermons and restricted the teaching of
Islam in schools in one high-profile
case in late 2014 a Chinese Court
sentenced a well-known Muslim scholar to
life in prison for organizing a Muslim
separatist group still China's
government insists that it protects
freedom of religion as outlined in its
constitution but experts say the
Communist Party's ongoing assault on
religion is its way of ensuring that no
organized group friends control in
pursuit of this obscure and persecution
of thousands of religious Chinese will
likely continue China censors anything
that questions its communist government
but with the internet being as
accessible as it is today how does China
keep citizens from accessing outside
information find out by watching this
video and any reporter who covers a
breaking story without getting that
approval can lose their journalist
license and even go to prison
international books and movies are also
edited before being released to the
public thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
new videos every day
