in January 2016 Puerto Rico defaulted on
roughly a hundred and seventy four
million dollars of debt payments the
islands total debt stands at roughly
seventy two billion dollars an amount
Puerto Rico's governor calls not payable
Puerto Rico's future largely depends on
whether the US government helps the
island so should the US let Puerto Rico
go bankrupt well most of the islands
financial troubles are actually the
result of US tax policy in 1976 Congress
allowed American companies to make
products in Puerto Rico without paying
federal taxes on their income
corporations flocked to the island to
build factories and industrial sites
predominantly pharmaceutical companies
in fact during this time more than half
of prescription drug sold in the US were
manufactured in Puerto Rico but in 1996
US tax revenue began to suffer and the
tax breaks were phased out by the time
they completely expired in 2006 much of
the existing industry had left the
island for the u.s. sinking Puerto Rico
into a deep recession now Puerto Rico's
debt has completely outgrown its economy
with the debt to GDP ratio of roughly
70% as further defaults loom in the
future some say that Puerto Rico's best
option is to declare chapter 9 municipal
bankruptcy this will let them work with
Congress to negotiate a payment plan for
their debt however due to Puerto Rico's
unique status as a US territory it has
not legally been able to initiate
chapter 9 bankruptcy in US law only
municipalities may file for debt relief
with the permission of their state
municipalities include cities counties
and certain government agencies however
since territories are not States they do
not qualify for chapter 9 a 2015
proposal supported by President Obama
attempted to give the island the same
bankruptcy rights as the rest of the
United States but pushback from Congress
has prevented the measure from moving
forward Senate Republicans say that
allowed were Toriko to declare
bankruptcy is not an efficient solution
because it wouldn't address the island's
spending problems Republicans are
instead pushing for a bill that would
cap relief at three billion dollars and
give tax breaks to residents Democrats
on the other hand are urging
Congress to let Puerto Rico file for
bankruptcy saying that if the recession
continues it could turn into a
humanitarian crisis neither plan has
gained bipartisan support thus far and
Puerto Rico faces more default and
insolvency so far the US government has
refused to pay the growing debt and
depending on what Congress decides
Puerto Ricans may see higher taxes a
suspension of the minimum wage law and
other budget slashing plans in an
attempt to pay their government debts it
is likely the citizens who will end up
suffering the most from inevitable
austerity measures while Puerto Ricans
are automatically granted US citizenship
Puerto Rico is not considered a US state
should it be find out in our video here
currently Puerto Rico has a single
non-voting delegate in Congress so what
would happen if Congress voted to
approve Puerto Rico's statement first of
all they would have more power in the US
government gaining two seats in the
Senate and five in the House of
Representatives thanks for checking out
test-tube news please subscribe to our
channel so you can catch new videos
every day
