in a rare public address in August 2016
Emperor Akihito of Japan suggested that
he may abdicate the throne Japanese
Emperor's are constitutionally barred
from stepping down and no monarch has
done so in nearly 200 years Japan is a
highly developed country with a liberal
democracy and yet it has the oldest
continuing monarchy in the world so how
does Japan's monarchy actually work well
Japan's Imperial Family is a hereditary
monarchy not unlike those which are
common in Europe and the Middle East the
head of the family is the Emperor and
according to Japan's Constitution he is
the symbol of the state and of the unity
of the people as such the Emperor's role
is largely that of a figurehead that is
he attends diplomatic functions provides
support after natural disasters Awards
honors and performs a number of other
symbolic duties in fact the Emperor only
has two formal responsibilities
appointing the Prime Minister as
designated by Parliament and appointing
the chief justice as designated by the
Cabinet the Emperor does not take part
in the lawmaking process and in fact is
rarely even seen by the public
since Emperor Akihito took the throne in
1989 he has only addressed the country
on television once prior to his recent
appearance Japan's Imperial Family has
existed for thousands of years and their
role has evolved throughout history from
the 12th to the 19th centuries Japan was
ruled by Shogun's or military dictators
similar to today's prime ministers their
authority was only legitimate if it was
approved by the Emperor but when the
Shogunate dissolved in 1868 a new
constitution gave the Emperor the
authority to create and enforce laws and
exercise supreme command of the army and
navy this lasted until the aftermath of
world war ii when the occupying united
states imposed a new constitution
barring the emperor from taking part in
politics this era marked not only a
shift in the Emperor's sovereignty but
also in his public persona
according to Japanese mythology the
first emperor in 660 BC as well as each
of the 1
twenty-four rulers who succeeded him are
descendants of the Sun goddess of
Japan's Shinto faith in fact the
Japanese word for emperor literally
translates to heavenly sovereign and
throughout history Emperor's have even
been referred to as gods this narrative
was reinforced by centuries of tradition
as well as government propaganda and
during the Second World War it
culminated in Imperial cults kamikaze
bombers and other fanaticism after Japan
lost the war the emperor publicly
announced that he was not a god and
rejected the belief that Emperor's are
divine in order for Emperor Akihito to
resign Japanese Parliament must revisit
a 1947 law barring him from doing so
although nothing has been confirmed
Akihito's 56 year old son would likely
advance to the throne but Japan is
famously resistant to change and
reconsidering the role of at Emperor
once again may be a long and arduous
road if you're like me and you love
history science and exploration you
should check out discovery go you can
binge watch all the seasons of your
favorite Discovery Channel shows I'm
currently working my way through
Mythbusters probably not a surprise
check out the link in the description
below to learn more
Japan is the only country that still has
an emperor but there are still a handful
of Nations that have kings and queens to
learn more about the monarchies of the
world check out our video here how many
other nations have kings ten twelve no
way more forty-five nations have
monarchs forty-five nations but don't
get too excited
sixteen of those including the UK our
Commonwealth realms like Canada or
Australia that recognise queen elizabeth
ii of england as their monarch thanks
for watching seeker daily everyone make
sure to LIKE and subscribe so you get
new videos from us
