Christmas is one of the biggest holidays
in the world it reaches nearly every
culture and is observed by billions of
people it celebrates the birth of Jesus
Christ who has considered the Messianic
protagonist of the Christian faith
over the past two millennia Jesus has
become one of the best known figures in
religion and history so just how
powerful is Jesus well Jesus means a lot
of different things to different people
first and foremost in Christian
mythology he is considered the Son of
God
basically the Christian Bible is made up
of two parts the Old Testament which is
based on the Hebrew Bible and predicts
the coming of a messiah and the New
Testament which is based on Jesus Christ
as that Messiah or Savior now most
religious scholars agree that there are
historical facts surrounding Jesus's
life it's generally believed that in the
early 1st century a Jewish rabbi who had
been baptized by John the Baptist
preached in Galilee and Judea and was
crucified by the Romans
beyond this Christians believe that
during his life Jesus performed miracles
and that after his death he rose from
the dead ascended to heaven and will one
day return to judge everyone who ever
lived
problematically there exist no accounts
of Jesus while he was actually alive the
Gospels were not written until well
after his death but despite Jesus's
predominant role in Christianity he is
also a well known figure within the
other Abrahamic religions in Islam
Christ is also believed to be the
Messiah and is revered as the
predecessor of Islam's greatest and
final prophet Muhammad similar to
Christianity Muslims believe that Jesus
will one day return and defeat a false
prophet before the day of resurrection
but despite the many similarities Christ
is not considered the Son of God or God
himself as taught in Christian Scripture
within Judaism Jesus is acknowledged as
influential but rejected as the Messiah
in the Hebrew Bible the Messiah is
supposed to bring all Jews back to their
homeland among other predictions which
Jesus did not fulfill in addition to
being a key religious figure across
multiple faiths the influence of
Christianity and Jesus has shaped much
of the modern world the Dionysian Common
Era calendar which nearly all Western
cultures use begins after the birth of
Jesus
thus BC and AD referred to before Christ
and anno domini Latin for in the year of
our Lord
starting as a small Jewish sect in the
Middle East Christianity spread to
roughly 600 million adherents by the
early 20th century and then to over 2
billion spread across every part of the
world today Jesus represents by far the
largest religion on earth which has
influenced arguably the entire course of
Western civilization for many jesus
stands as a positive moral role model so
just how powerful is Jesus well
regardless of your beliefs Jesus may
just be the most famous and most
significant person in recorded history
as significant as Jesus is there are
actually differing opinions on what he
actually looked like was he blond and
blue-eyed or swarthy and dark-haired
find out in this video by dnews no one
really knows what he looked like the
earliest images researchers have found
are from at least 200 years after he
died so it's pretty much left to
artist's interpretation right thanks for
watching test-tube news make sure to
LIKE and subscribe for new videos every
day
