in November 2015 a Mongolian Union
leaders set himself on fire during a
press conference in order to protest the
sale of coal mines to China
the union leader said that the Mongolian
government no longer supports workers
and their families
in fact Mongolia close relationship with
China has some worried about the affects
of employment by choosing Chinese over
Mongolian workers as a unique country
with an extraordinarily powerful
historical background we wanted to know
just how powerful is Mongolia well
Mongolia is one of the largest countries
in the world ranking 19th or a little
smaller than the US state of Alaska it
is also the second largest landlocked
country after its neighbor Kazakhstan
however despite its massive size the
population is less than 3 million that's
about 5 residents for every square mile
giving it the second lowest population
density of any major country on Earth by
comparison neighboring China sees about
365 people per square mile and in
Singapore it is more than 18-thousand
this low density can be largely
explained by Mongolia's vast deserts
mountains and other land unsuitable for
agriculture and development nearly half
of its entire population lives in the
country's capital Ulaanbaatar and many
of the rest are still nomadic part of
the reason for Mongolia expansive size
is that for a century and a half
it was a fearsome Empire originally
founded by the infamous Genghis Khan by
the year twelve seventy it had become
the largest contiguous Empire in history
covering nearly 13 million square miles
that's more than a fifth of the entire
world's land mass eventually however the
Empire fractured and collapsed due to
infighting among the Khan's descendants
around the 17th century the remaining
country of Mongolia was absorbed by the
predecessor to modern China the Shang
Dynasty when they declared independence
from China in the early 20th century a
portion remained as one of China's
autonomous regions and today China hosts
more ethnic Mongols than in actual
Mongolia on the other side of the
country Russia established Mongolia as a
satellite state soon after their
independent
it took until around the fall of the
Soviet Union to achieve some form of
democracy today more than half of the
country identifies as Buddhists though
in the early 20th century as much as a
third of the male population was
comprised of Buddhist monks
despite its varied history Mongolia is
struggling economically its GDP is about
twelve billion dollars and in 2005 a
fifth of the country lived on less than
a dollar 25 a day their primary export
industry is mining as minerals comprise
about 80% of their exports their
military is also rather unsubstantial
their Armed Forces contain barely
150,000 active personnel and the
Mongolian government only allocates
about 70 million dollars towards defense
that's a mere half a percent of their
GDP they did however contribute a small
group of troops to the US as 2003
invasion of Iraq prompting President
George W Bush to become the first-ever
sitting president to visit the country
despite its small military Mongolia has
little to worry about as they have
diplomatic relations with nearly every
country on Earth plus their smack dab in
between China and Russia two of the
world's largest superpowers so unless
these two decided to war with each other
there is little threat hanging over
Mongolia so with a sparse population
weak economy tiny military and the bulk
of their ethnic population living
elsewhere it's pretty safe to say that
the once mighty Mongolian Empire is not
quite as powerful these days Mongolia is
neighbor to the south on the other hand
has a huge influence politically and
economically watch our video to find out
about how powerful China really is until
recently China was getting most of their
military technology from Russia they're
now developing some of their own weapons
but on the whole they still lagged far
behind for example they're the only
member of the big five in the UN
Security Council and capable of building
their own aircraft carriers thanks for
watching be sure to LIKE and subscribe
to catch up on new videos
