Vladimir Putin is now officially serving
his history-making fourth term as
Russia's president because they recently
changed the rules he's now going to
serve six more years instead of four he
was officially inaugurated on May 7th
amidst protests across the country
Russian authorities said the protests
were quote unsanctioned rallies and
cracked down hard sixteen hundred people
were detained by police including some
schoolchildren the election was held on
March 18th with Putin allegedly winning
77 percent of the vote but like their
reaction to opposition protests may
indicate it wasn't exactly a free or
fair election just days before the
election the human rights foundation
brought together some Russian
journalists activists and other analysts
on the region for an event called Putin
Khan their emphasis was on the Khan the
goal of the event was to expose Putin's
rule as a sham it's true that Putin who
does have supporters in Russia but this
conference was focused on the
suppression of dissent and how it's hard
to get an accurate read on his
popularity simply because the government
doesn't really allow opposition we sat
down with a few of the speakers there
and asked what we can expect from
Putin's fourth term and what we should
look for one of those people was the
former president of Estonia a
neighboring country of Russia's Tomas
Hendrick Elvis served as head of state
of Estonia from 2006 to 2016 and he
knows firsthand what it's like to deal
with Putin and he knows firsthand what
it's like to be one of Russia's targets
back in 2007 Estonia suffered a cyber
attack that officials blame on the
Russian government Elvis has called it
the first case of cyber war and as a
cybersecurity expert himself he's also
very active on Twitter you should follow
him what do you think that we should be
paying the most attention to for Putin's
fourth term well continuing
of these same policies I think that's I
mean I would I would look to where your
elections are coming and that and be
worried about that I mean for example
the actually
National Security Adviser McMaster
already said in December that the
Russians are working on the Mexican
election I mean because that's another
big important country especially for the
u.s. that has that is a democracy and
that where one candidate is being
favored against another as was the case
in the United States as was the case in
the French election as was the case in
the Czech elections as was the case in
the Italian election these are threats
to to sort of basically rule of law
based democratic system what do you
think is most important that people
should pay attention to in Putin's
fourth term for one thing that the the
West should be vigilant about new acts
of terror I mean we've had an example in
Great Britain where a former double
agent and his daughter were poisoned and
are probably in in horrific condition
the problem with allowing someone like
Putin to get away with what he's gotten
away with is that it's a standing
encouragement to him to commit the same
or worse in the future sadder lives in
Moscow for many years as a working
journalist but was prohibited from going
back in December 2013
his visa renewal at the time was denied
he is reportedly the first American
journalist to have been expelled from
Russia since the end of the Cold War the
Russian government claims that saturated
migration law by not properly doing his
paperwork but sadder says those claims
are nonsense and it's actually his
critical work of Putin that got him
banned that said you had mentioned to me
earlier that you're optimistic that one
day you may be able to return so what do
you think there is to look forward to
for sure the kind of government that
they have now is our K ik and doesn't
correspond to the kind of society that
Russia is and has become I think that
there's reason to hope that can you know
presented with the truth
and presented with the obvious examples
of misrule under Putin people will
choose for themselves to embark on a
different course will you be voting in
Sunday's election that's a big question
but to be honest I just don't see any
certainty I mean it's not about real
elections it's not about the real
competitions and that's why I just don't
understand why to take part in it what
I've been hearing from other Russians is
apathy is kind of at an all-time high
people understand that Putin's gonna win
no matter what so what's the point of
going to vote everything that's been
going on with Navalny and not allowing
him on the ballot do you is that
something that you hear as well
absolutely the most popular game now in
Mosca is to count how old you will bear
when v-star would end and because there
is a provision in the Constitution that
after that putting my girl for another
term well people try to count how much
of his life they would spend under Putin
and for many people it's already about
40% 50% so it's a bit yeah it's a bit
older so both of has co-written several
books about the history and activities
of the Russian security services and
most recently he published a book on the
surveillance state and how the Russian
government tries to control the internet
and social media he's a longtime Russian
investigative journalist so I wanted to
let him have the last word what do you
think the world needs to know about what
Putin's fourth term might involve what
do you think he's gonna focus on well
unfortunately we are way behind this
idea of Putin being a strong leader who
is really interested in development of
the country he is not that interested
anymore and development of the Russian
economy and say back into the forints
lots of people live in liberals way they
wanted to justify putting some methods
by saying that at least this guy is
interested in in modernization of the
Russian economy
and what we see now is of course he's
not very interested now he is more
interested in building up with Russian
military industrial complex and it's bad
for many reasons it's bad for was a war
all too because it means if you have a
lot of guns inevitably you you are
getting more aggressive but it also
means a lot about the climate in the
country because we already have a huge
mint industrial complex and it means but
lots of people are the most talented
people working on the military
industrial complex and this way we are
cooperating with state-owned and fondant
system of producing arms which is a not
very good thing for the society and we
saw this before in the Soviet Union and
it was really bad to be honest my guess
is that's what vitamin Putin wants to
focus on because it's a way to to
control the society hey guys it's versa
please subscribe - now this world for
more from the Russia desk and let us
know in the comments what you want us to
cover and maybe give this video a thumbs
up if you liked it thank you for
watching
