in the coming months Russia is expected
to issue commemorative banknotes
celebrating the 2014 invasion and
annexation of Crimea this controversial
move is by some thought to be an
intentional distraction from Russia's
deep economic recession the annexation
of Crimea along with military action in
Syria has much of the Western world
turning its back on Russia so we wanted
to know is President Putin causing
Russia's economic recession
well economic reports from the late 2015
have shown that Russia's economy has
consistently shrunk over the past three
quarters this current period is seeing a
4% drop compared to last year's figures
and earlier in the year Russia saw its
largest economic downturn since the 2009
financial crisis despite being the 10th
largest GDP in the world Russia has seen
half the value of their currency
disappear since mid 2014
although the rapid decline has since
begun to show signs of stability Russia
has a long way to go before restoring
their economic might but what is
actually causing this deep recession
well the international response to
President Vladimir Putin's territorial
aggressions was far from favorable the
u.s. UN and EU saw the annexation of
Crimea as an illegal encroachment on
Ukraine's sovereignty and imposed a
series of sanctions on Russian trade
businesses and individuals among other
industries those sanctions targeted
nationalized oil companies which
constitute an enormous portion of the
Russian economy in response Putin has
imposed his own sanctions preventing
Western food from entering the country
Russia even destroyed tons of cheese
fruit bacon and other foods instead of
allowing them to go to the country's
many impoverished residents but while
Russia may have been able to avoid
significant downturn dealing with
sanctions alone geopolitical events have
crippled the oil revenues even further
over the past two years the US and Saudi
Arabia have been competing for oil
supremacy in an attempt to prevent the
u.s. from making a new form of drilling
profitable Saudi Arabia has been selling
vast reserves for around $50 a barrel
that's down from around $100 a barrel in
June 2014 meanwhile Russia is the
largest producer of crude oil on earth
and the second largest producer of dry
natural gas in 2013 Russia saw 68
percent of its export economy dependent
on oil obviously economic sanctions
coupled with the dramatic collapse in
oil prices has left Russia with nowhere
else to turn this is further coupled
with the fact that both militarily and
economically Russia is unable to compete
with the United States in the long run
in the end it seems that Vladimir Putin
obstinance in the face of economic
downturn may just further Russia's slow
economic decline
another reason Russia might be an
economic decline is the country's high
level of corruption which benefits the
elite but punishes the less wealthy find
out more in our episode right here on a
Russian finance minister recently
alleged that the state loses ninety
billion dollars in taxes because
businesses hide large portions of their
profits Russia's leader Vladimir Putin
has made a big show of trying to root
out corruption but after being in office
for 15 years many have said that the
government is primarily an oligarchy run
by Putin's closest friends and relatives
thanks for checking out our Channel make
sure to LIKE and subscribe to test-tube
news so you don't miss out on our new
videos
