presidential candidate Bernie Sanders
has repeatedly praised the socialism
based political and economic system of
Denmark Sanders himself is running on
democratic socialism with the promise
that it'll dramatically improve the
United States just like in Denmark but
is Denmark really some sort of socialist
utopia well not at first
during the 1930s Great Depression
Denmark was struggling exports fell in
unemployment went through the roof
in 1933 the Danish Prime Minister signed
an agreement to establish state welfare
services in an effort to help struggling
citizens today Denmark is still by and
large a social democracy so what does
that mean exactly well social democracy
is a limited form of socialism it
differs from outright socialism and that
workers do not own the needs of
production under such a system sometimes
referred to as the Nordic model
businesses are not nationalized and
private competition is encouraged still
it is in a totally free market there are
strict governmental regulations and an
emphasis on social equality for
progressive tax rate and social services
in other words social democracy is
capitalism for those who are doing well
and socialism for those who need help
as a result Denmark has been considered
the happiest country in the world in
recent years although in 2015 they were
surpassed by Switzerland they have the
fifth highest GDP per capita in the
world with an average life expectancy
that's 10 years higher than the world
average and one of the least corrupt
and most transparent governments on
earth but many point to Denmark's high
tax rate of up to 56% which they say
discourages entrepreneurship and
innovation there are also anxieties
about welfare abuse with about 9 percent
of the nation's workforce on lifetime
disability benefits not to mention the
worrisome shift in demographics an
ageing population adds to the collective
burden while the number of workers
paying into the system decreases Denmark
certainly has its flaws and as does
democratic socialism Denmark is one of
the richest most transparent and
happiest countries on earth but
it's supported through extremely high
taxation while many disagree with their
methods it is hard to argue with their
nearly utopian results as we mentioned
democratic socialism is a derivative of
socialism which in theory means that the
people control the means of production
learn more about the nuances and
misconceptions about socialism in our
video right here in its most simple form
socialism is when a population
collectively owns and controls the means
of production and distributes the end
result proportionally then practice
however control is usually delegated to
the state while the distribution usually
comes in the form of underlying social
welfare to satisfy everyone's basic
needs like housing education and
healthcare thanks for watching test-tube
news remember to Like and subscribe
below to keep up with our new videos
