among the threats in the Middle East
both the Taliban and the so-called
Islamic state have garnered a majority
of us attention although Isis is
relatively new it has posed a legitimate
threat and is somewhat distracting from
the decades-old Taliban so we wanted to
take a look at the two to find out which
is the greater threat Isis or the
Taliban well its first important to note
that although both groups want more
power along Sunni Islamist lines the
scope of their conquest is very
different the Taliban which is
predominantly located in Afghanistan and
Pakistan is mostly dedicated to
establishing an Islamic Emirate in those
countries they already achieved this in
Afghanistan in 1996 up until the u.s.
invaded and kicked them out in 2001
meanwhile Isis has repeatedly announced
its intentions to form a worldwide
Caliphate from their bases in Iraq and
Syria the global intentions of Isis make
it a more dangerous force foreign
fighters are more inclined to join
instead of helping in a regional
takeover alone while the Taliban may
intend to one day run a similar Islamic
world their message is not as cohesive
in fact it is Isis's ability to reach
out through propaganda and social media
that inherently makes them worse while
the Taliban reportedly has two
spokespersons and a single media arm
Isis has about 15 people working media
for every Islamic state province still
while Isis may release shocking videos
and beheadings it is actually the
Taliban that does most of the killing
according to records analyzed by vaca
t'v on average they are somewhat equal
in the number of attacks per month but
in terms of actual deaths the Taliban
has been killing nearly 2,000 people a
month compared to roughly 200 by Isis it
is important to note that these stats do
not include Isis's most recent active
time period and focuses more on their
introductory phase still attacks like
the Taliban's 2014 raid on a Pakistani
school which killed more than 130
children are more in line with the
group's aggressive and brutal
methods in terms of suspected members
the fractured Taliban still Dwarfs the
more cohesive Isis in late 2014 the CIA
reported that Isis was thought to have
about twenty to thirty thousand fighters
a few months earlier the Taliban was
estimated to have at least twice that
figure with 60,000 while Isis has been
rightly compared to the Nazis in the
Khmer Rouge it is more accurate to say
that their tactics are focused on
developing a fearless reputation however
the Taliban which has been around for a
while and even ruled as a government has
no real need to shock and awe instead
they are in C relief okis on their
regional goals and seem to commit
considerably more murders with more
members
so although Isis's propaganda is
exceedingly effective and may lead to a
much more dangerous group it appears
that the Taliban has been quietly
working to be the greater threat but
since losing power in Afghanistan the
Taliban has slowly made a comeback as an
insurgency to learn more about how they
survived the US invasion check out this
video the reign was marked by human
trafficking brutality towards women and
massacres of civilians they ruled until
2001 when the u.s. invaded Afghanistan
following the attacks of September 11
the orchestrator of the attacks and
founder of al-qaeda Osama bin Laden was
thought to be harbored by the Taliban
government the US invasion al stood the
Taliban government pushing hundreds of
fighters and commanders into hiding in
northern Pakistan thanks for watching
everyone make sure to LIKE and subscribe
to test-tube news so you don't miss out
on all of our new videos every day
