in September 2015 Colombia's government
reached a peace deal with FARC rebels
who they've been in conflict with since
1964 despite Colombia's inability to
topple the FARC threat their military is
actually quite large and benefits
financially from a growing Colombian
economy so just how powerful is Colombia
well the country is about twice the size
of Spain but holds roughly the same
amount of people at 47 million Colombia
borders the tip of Central America and
Panama and forms the beginning of South
America about a third of Colombian
citizens live in poverty in rural areas
due to decades of violence between the
FARC rebels and the Colombian government
however those who live in the cities are
often well-off especially in Colombia's
highly developed capital city of Bogota
the World Bank lists Colombia as an
upper-middle income country with a GDP
of nearly 400 billion dollars they rank
above competing neighbors Venezuela and
Ecuador and not far behind successful
European nations like Norway in Austria
Colombia's economy heavily depends on
energy and mining exports its Latin
America's fourth largest oil producer
the world's fourth largest coal exporter
and the leading producer of raw emeralds
however these commodities are vulnerable
to price fluctuations and as a result
Colombia has been diversifying its
economy from 2007 to 2012 the Colombian
tech industry grew 177 percent and is
being called the Silicon Valley of South
America however much of Colombia's
economy is still significantly involved
with the South American drug trade
although their most famous drug kingpin
Pablo Escobar died in 1993 today more
than 400 million dollars within the
Colombian economy come from drug
trafficking profits Colombia is thought
to be one of the world's leading
producers of cocaine with about 450,000
active military personnel Colombia has
long attempted to tackle its drug and
rebel problem by cracking down with its
Armed Forces however they have had
limited success in jungle areas and the
resulting violent clashes have long been
criticized by human rights organizations
worldwide Colombia ranks 52nd in
military power spending 13 billion
dollars on defense in 2014 but Colombia
is not alone in their fight since 2000
the US has spent nearly ten billion
dollars to help encourage peace and
eradicate illicit drug trafficking
the u.s. is Columbia's largest trading
partner and the 2012 u.s. Colombia trade
promotion agreement has reduced tariffs
and promoted economic growth Colombia is
also party to a number of international
organizations with close ties to the
United States and a flourishing economy
Colombia proves itself to be a
significant international middle power
however due to decades of violence
poverty still plagues the nation so how
powerful is Colombia
well powerful enough to be
self-sufficient but not enough to
overcome the country's greatest
obstacles to find out more about the
infamous kingpin behind Colombia's drug
trade check out seeker Daily's video in
Pablo Escobar or to learn more about
Colombia's FARC rebels check out our
video at the bottom thanks for watching
test-tube
make sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every day
