in November 1989 the Berlin wall
separating East and West Germany began
to be demolished signaling an end to a
divided Germany but despite the country
slowly equalizing in the last quarter of
a century considerable differences still
remain between the two halves so how is
Germany still divided
well after World War two Germany was
split by Allied forces the eastern half
went to the Soviet Union to be run as a
communist state while the western half
went to the European capitalist
community from 1945 to 1989 West Germany
flourished while East Germany faltered
when the Berlin Wall fell
West Germany effectively encapsulated
their weaker counterpart leading to a
number of lasting differences in both
society and economy today unemployment
in the eastern half of Germany is about
three and a half percent higher than in
the West in fact following the
unification East Germany's unemployment
rate went from zero percent to nearly 20
percent by 1997 and only began to
decline in 2005 this is because East
Germany was forced to compete with an
already robust West German economy and
currency leading to many failing
businesses in a rapid brain drain to the
West to help West Germany has spent
nearly three trillion dollars on
economic aid which Germans have been
paying through an additional income tax
this aid is expected to continue until
2019 the transition also caused a large
number of East Germans to move West
abandoning a number of cities turning
them into ghost towns although three
quarters of former East Germans
considered the reunification of success
only half of former West Germans agreed
in fact poor conditions in the East only
intensified after 1989 from 1990 to 94
the birth rate fell by about 50 percent
and the suicide rate heavily increased
right-wing groups including neo-nazis
have also found more popularity in
former East Germany which some have
attributed to a disdain for the region's
historically left-leaning communist
ideology the differences between the two
halves are even visible from space with
the eastern half lit by yellow light and
the west by greener life this is the
lingering result of the West's foray
into environmentally friendly energy
while the East was extremely reliant on
coal other superficial differences
remain even two and a half decades later
but the strongest reason for their
continued separation is that West
Germany had a big head start during
reunification young people in Germany
have predominantly chosen to live in the
western half where the quality of life
and employment opportunities are
considerably better this
self-perpetuating cycle has kept East
Germany from effectively competing with
the West
unfortunately there's no reason for this
cycle to stop and it's likely the East
and West Germany will continue to be
divided for generations to come
Germany might still be divided but the
country's economy is now dominating the
European Union watch this video to find
out more Germany may have to cut back on
their military they currently have the
world's seventh strongest military force
employing 183 thousand active troops
that's behind other European countries
like France in the UK and quite a ways
behind the USA and China but it's still
a sizeable amount
thanks for watching test-tube news
everyone make sure you like and
subscribe to the channel so you don't
miss out on all our videos every day
