since 2007 Mexico's drug war has caused
the deaths of more than 160,000 people
although the current president has
attempted to address this prolific
violence many gangs are intimately
connected and protected by corrupt
officials so just how corrupt is Mexico
well Mexico has dealt with corruption
since its foundation as an independent
state
the first ruling party gained power
through rampant electoral fraud and
ruled for more than 70 years today the
current Mexican President is a member of
that party corruption runs through every
sector of society and is largely based
on bribery judges are regularly bribed
by organized crime groups leading to
fewer convictions and lighter sentencing
for criminals police are similarly
corrupted and Mexican citizens consider
the police to be the most corrupt
institution in the country law
enforcement is sparse and many have
accused officers of working directly
with drug cartels in 2014 a large number
of Mexican police officers were
implicated in the kidnapping of 43
students who are then murdered by a drug
gang the huge amounts of money coming in
from illicit drug sales primarily fund
corruption in Mexico in 2008 the
nation's former anti-drug chief was
arrested for accepting nearly half a
million dollars in exchange for giving
drug dealers information about the
government's drug enforcement actions a
2013 poll found that 1/3 of citizens had
admitted to paying bribes to public
officials but increased urbanization and
a growing Mexican middle class has led
to openly denouncing corruption and
violence although Mexico's current
president ran on an anti-corruption
platform he has been embroiled in
numerous corruption scandals since he
took office most recently in July 2015
he was accused of giving his unqualified
niece a high-paying position within the
state-owned oil company besides
affecting the public sector corruption
is rampant in private enterprise as well
in 2012
Walmart was accused of bribing
government officials in order to allow
construction in a protected space
prompting an ongoing investigation by
the US government
many businesses refused to operate in
Mexico as the nearly mandatory bribing
increases costs and prevents free market
competition in a 2014 corruption index
Mexico ranked one hundred and third in
the world alongside countries like
Bolivia and Niger Mexico's problems with
corruption
run through nearly every level of
society and I've almost become viewed as
tradition thus conventional methods to
stop corruption including legislation
and enforcement have little effect in
fact some forms of bribery including
gifts and hospitality are not at all
illegal as the drug war continues to
cause widespread brutality there is
little hope for Mexico citizens to seek
protection from their government if you
think Mexico is corrupt just wait until
you hear about Russia watch this video
to learn more one economist says that
Russian corruption has become a business
today bribery is so rampant that the
country's economy is heavily dependent
on the flow of illegitimate funds thanks
for watching test-tube news make sure to
LIKE and subscribe for new videos every
day
