in August 2015 a dead Syrian toddler
washed up on the shores of Turkey he was
one of the thousands of migrants fleeing
their war-torn countries as more and
more people seek asylum in the European
Union some are questioning EU leaders
for their slow response so is a European
Union to blame for the migrant crisis
over the past few years numerous North
African and Middle Eastern countries
have seen extreme violence and
instability millions of people have been
displaced and many are choosing to make
the long journey into Europe two-thirds
of asylum seekers are concentrated in
just four countries in Germany Italy
France and Sweden many European
residents complain that nearly half of
the new immigrants are economic refugees
from impoverished African nations and
are not fleeing active war zones on the
other hand the incoming migrants
represent only point 0 to 7 percent of
the total EU population while some
residents have denounced the wave of
quote illegal immigrants those arriving
by sea are completely within their legal
rights to enter the EU in search of
asylum in fact a primary source of blame
is being placed on several EU countries
for refusing to fund rescue efforts in
the Mediterranean Sea as the number of
immigrants crossing into Europe rose in
late 2013
Italy launched a search and rescue
program to help save migrants whose
overcrowded ships were capsizing
although the program was extremely small
it was said to have saved roughly
150,000 people during its year-long run
when Italy asked other European
governments for help with funding they
were refused instead the EU launched a
separate program focused on border
protection instead of search and rescue
efforts the following year saw a tenfold
increase in migrant deaths
some political groups are pointing out
that desperate refugees will continue
coming to escape death and poverty back
home one european parliament
representative was quoted as saying
europe is responsible for these deaths
by turning a blind eye however not all
countries are so complicit German
Chancellor Angela Merkel released
directives in August 2015 that all
Syrian refugees would be granted asylum
in Germany this is in direct opposition
to an EU policy known as the Dublin
procedure effectively it forces refugees
to seek asylum in the country that they
first arrived in putting severe strain
on border countries like Greece and
Italy so is the EU actually responsible
for migrant deaths in a few ways yes
while some argue that it's not the --use
responsibility to rescue and accept
those who aren't citizens international
human rights laws and humanitarian laws
say that there are certain obligations
countries hold towards asylum seekers
luckily in September 2015 the EU began
the process of redistributing over a
hundred and twenty thousand migrants
throughout its 28 member states so while
the EU has made missteps in dealing with
the migrant crisis it can't be said that
they aren't trying to help for many
migrants the final destination is
Germany but why is that and how do their
lives change once they get there find
out more in this seeker daily video
those who do make it a Germany have to
register as an asylum seeker with the
state office of Health and Social
Affairs the line is long and hectic and
many refugees are unsure of the process
but as one Syrian woman in Berlin put it
I am so happy to finally be in Germany I
do not care how long the registration
takes and I hope that in the near future
I can start working here in the city
until the war in Syria is over thanks
for watching test-tube don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new episodes
every day
you
