the first amendment to the United States
Constitution might be the most
frequently debated amendment in US
history although it's regularly used as
shorthand to talk about freedom of
speech it also includes a number of
other important clauses without which
the US would be unrecognizable so what
exactly is in the first amendment well
most importantly and perhaps the source
of so much misunderstanding is that the
amendment begins with Congress shall
make no law many people gloss over this
part they believe that the first
amendment personally guarantees them an
inalienable right to speech press
religion and so on but all it really
covers is what Congress is not allowed
to restrict through specific laws now
surprisingly the First Amendment is only
45 words long it opens with Congress
shall make no law respecting an
establishment of religion or prohibiting
the free exercise thereof this is called
the Establishment Clause it means that
Congress cannot favor a particular
religion through legislature nor can it
legislate against the practice of a
particular religion this Clause has been
used to stop prayer in public schools as
well as to remove several displays of
the Ten Commandments in front of
courthouses it is also the basis of what
is referred to as the separation between
church and state
next is the freedom of speech often it's
used to justify a person's supposed
right to publicly state anything they
want however this is very far from the
truth there are a lot of situations
where speech is extremely limited and
it's completely legal
for example being blocked for spamming
on the internet it's not a violation of
free speech because private individuals
can dictate whatever rules they'd like
in regards to speech limitations
additionally the Supreme Court has ruled
that there are a number of exceptions to
free speech when it comes to provocation
lying obscenity child pornography
threats and copyrighted material there
are strict rules freedom of the press is
similar but better understood it
prohibits Congress from interfering with
the publication of information and it
applies not only to professional
journalists but to regular citizens too
this is especially relevant now that
anybody can blog or tweet to a wide
audience however if the press is
defamatory and damaging there are still
certain limitations the scope of what is
defamatory has long been debated then
there is the right of the people to
peaceably assemble but again this
prevents Congress from passing a
specific law prohibiting peaceful
demonstration
if a demonstration is in violation of
another law for example if it endangers
public safety then there's nothing
illegal about it being dispersed or
people being arrested
finally the First Amendment allows for
people to petition the government for a
redress of grievances this clause is
almost totally unknown but it allows
citizens to do things like file lawsuits
against the government or Lobby public
officials it protects citizens from
prosecution if they complain or try to
address their problems through
government channels and that's it the
First Amendment isn't very long but it
covers a huge number of Rights if you've
ever had questions about legal rights in
the US like can you legally phone the
police you might want to watch the next
video in all 50 states that is perfectly
legal to videotape police the Department
of Justice along with several US courts
of appeals has upheld that the First
Amendment protects the right of citizens
to gather information about public
officials on public property thanks for
watching test-tube news don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
