in August 2015 a family in Great Britain
discovered what they thought was a large
buoy on the beach it turned out to be an
unexploded mine left over from World War
two as potentially dangerous as this is
finding old bombs in the UK is a
relatively common occurrence after many
years of war Britons are still running
into explosives of all sorts overlooked
for the past 70 years so why are there
still so many bombs in the United
Kingdom over the course of World War two
Nazi Germany dropped thousands of tons
of high explosives on Great Britain
during the Blitz which was a period of
intense bombing lasting 57 days the
Germans dropped nearly 20,000 tons of
explosives on London alone naturally not
every single bomb went off and some are
still laying around undiscovered
unexploded bombs are most regularly
found by construction workers when
building new homes when the explosives
are found while digging into an old
building foundation all work must stop
and the police are called another bomb
in East London found the same week as
the beach mine called for a mandatory
evacuation of surrounding homes army
bomb disposal units came and removed the
device in order to detonate it remotely
away from any people unfortunately
despite these precautions bomb still do
go off occasionally the issue of
discovering unexploded devices is so
common that in 2009 a British
construction Association released a
guide for construction workers on what
to do if a bomb is found the report says
that from 2006 to 2008 roughly 15,000
items were discovered during
construction this included everything
from German bombs to smaller items such
as mortar rounds and grenades of which
about 5% were live of course the UK is
far from the only place with large
amounts of unexploded ordnance or UX Oh
Germany suffers from the same issue due
to Allied bombing campaigns during World
War two however the worst UXO are land
mines in countries like Egypt and
Cambodia leftover land mines pose a
massive problem for local populations as
a majority of the mines are designed to
last indefinitely
from 1999 to 2008 nearly 75,000
casualties were recorded due to
unexploded ordinance around the world
Laos alone sees four deaths a week from
landmines left over from the Vietnam War
although war is often justified as
necessary in the moment few countries
consider the long-term effects despite
efforts to clear the world of dangerous
weapons in peaceful countries the damage
has often already been done even places
like Great Britain that have moved past
the bloody remnants of World War two are
still dealing with this decades later
there's one unexpected deadly weapon
that has won every major world war and
it is not a bomb or a gun it's the
weather to hear more about how the
weather can stir up trouble during Wars
check out this video from my other new
show test-tube plus I mean not to
mention that most battles would stop for
rain back in the you know Napoleonic
arrow and we had flintlock muskets you
had to fill a flash pan filled with
black powder and if you had the flash
pan full of black powder and it got wet
you couldn't fire your weapon so if it
started raining they would just call it
off kind of like a baseball game thanks
for watching test-tube news everyone
please remember to Like and subscribe so
that you can keep getting new videos
from us every day
