forty nine point six percent of the
global population is comprised of women
but in 2015 only twenty four women
worldwide held head of state or head of
government positions barely five percent
of CEOs and ten percent of billionaires
are women with such dramatic minority we
wanted to take a look at some of the
world's most influential female figures
so who are a few of the most powerful
women in the world for the past decade
the most powerful woman in the world has
been German Chancellor Angela Merkel
Merkel was Germany's first female head
of government and almost single-handedly
saved the EU from financial collapse
currently she is negotiating Greece's
fiscal woes she is so powerful that in
political circles she is known as the
decider and has effectively considered
the leader of the entire European Union
in 2012 Forbes ranked her as the second
most powerful person in the world
another extremely powerful woman is
philanthropist and businesswoman Melinda
Gates as the co-founder and co-chair of
the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
she has used their forty billion dollar
endowment to focus on global health care
and empowering women and girls around
the world
in a similar vein Oprah Winfrey is
considered one of the most influential
women in America and is the richest
African American in the world on the
business side Indra Nooyi
is the CEO of one of the largest food
and drink companies PepsiCo since 1994
she has overseen numerous mergers
acquisitions and a steady increase in a
market share and stock price under her
tenure there have even been moves to
invest in renewable energy and to combat
obesity as the head of the multinational
sixty five billion dollar a year company
Indra Nooyi is overwhelmingly powerful
financially the two people who control
the majority of the world's money are
both women Janet Yellen is the first
female head of the Federal Reserve in
the United States which has a large hand
in determining the country's economic
policy for the rest of the world
including 188 countries the
International Monetary Fund is also
headed by a woman Christine Lagarde
Lagarde has worked to increase the
participation of women in the workforce
worldwide no list of powerful women
would be complete without the first lady
of the free world Michelle Obama as the
wife of US President Barack Obama
michelle has used her status and
influence to address the issues of
obesity and
in the united states she is also one of
the leading forces behind the education
and financial empowerment of young women
Michelle's impact as the first
african-american first lady cannot be
overstated the world needs more powerful
women to continue the trend of
empowering and upholding women's rights
women still make up a small proportion
of high-ranking government positions and
if women make up half the population
shouldn't they get equal representation
just like everybody else another one of
the most powerful women in the world is
using that power to run for president in
you've probably heard of her to get a
better sense of what Hillary Clinton is
about check out this political profile
she also played a significant role in
the u.s. action during the Arab Spring
as well as the killing of Osama bin
Laden however her biggest challenge was
following terror attacks on US Embassy
in Benghazi Libya that ended with the
death of four Americans thanks for
watching test-tube news make sure to
LIKE and subscribe for new videos every
day
