in 2014 transparency international
listed Russia as one of the most corrupt
developed nations in the world ranked
the low countries like Nigeria and Iran
to address the issue Russian leaders
have laid out National anti-corruption
plans but so far they've had varied
amounts of success so how corrupt is
Russia well several experts have pointed
to corruption in Russia as being
embedded in its history and culture
bribery has been seen as a common
occurrence even for high-ranking
officials this cultural normalization of
bribery may have begun around the 16th
century when state officials were often
not given a salary and instead were
encouraged to take gifts of food and
favors from their constituents these
gifts were necessary when the princes of
Russia didn't have much money to pay the
officials one economist says that
Russian corruption has become a business
today bribery is so rampant that the
country's economy is heavily dependent
on the flow of illegitimate funds one
reporter for The Associated Press
explained that it took her a year to
obtain a driver's license because she
refused to pay any bribes in 2007 the
World Bank estimated that Russia's
shadow economy accounted for nearly half
of national GDP Anna Russian finance
minister recently alleged that the state
loses ninety billion dollars in taxes
because businesses hide large portions
of their profits Russia's leader
Vladimir Putin has made a big show of
trying to root out corruption but after
being in office for 15 years many have
said that the government is primarily an
oligarchy run by Putin's closest friends
and relatives these elite members of the
government are extremely wealthy and
immune from persecution because Putin
needs their support Russian politicians
also wield a great deal of influence
over the Russian judiciary system which
as the UN observes adversely affects its
independence critics in the media also
have their voices completely stifled by
the state Russia does not have a Free
Press and most of the media is owned by
the government any other press is forced
to censor themselves or else face heavy
fines and
of imprisonment one outspoken former
presidential hopeful has been
alternately imprisoned and put under
house arrest for more than a year for a
long time he was even banned from using
the internet at the telephone even with
anti-corruption laws russia's graft is
out of control russia ranks 136 out of
175 countries on the Corruption
Perceptions Index Russia also ranks last
for bribery out of all the g20 countries
current anti-corruption plans were first
introduced in 2008 and they've been
renewed by Putin over the years these
plants mandate that government officials
report their incomes and any conflicts
of interest between government and
business the most guilty officials still
go unpunished with Russia's government
resembling an oligarchy and their
distinct lack of Free Press or
independent judiciary nationwide
corruption will undoubtedly continue
despite Vladimir Putin's promises Russia
remains a powerful country on the world
stage often butting heads with the US
and other Western countries to learn
just how dangerous they really are check
out this video from our friends at
all-time conspiracies Putin has
expressed a desire to reunify former
Soviet territories in order to restore
the prestige of the Soviet Union there
are reports that nuclear missiles have
been planted close to the Polish border
NATO suggests countries including Latvia
and Estonia could also be at risk from
Russian aggression thanks for watching
test-tube subscribe for new videos every
day
