in August 2015 North Korea launched a
rocket at a border city in South Korea
South Korea responded with a volley of
artillery rounds although the two
countries have been enemies since their
split in 1945 it's rare for actual
fighting to occur should this attack on
South Korea spiral out of control into a
fully fledged conflict we wanted to know
what would happen if North and South
Korea went to war well technically the
two countries are already at war and
have been for the last 65 years although
the 1950 Korean War saw a fighting end
with a truce in 1953 no peace treaty was
ever signed over the last decades the
two sides have seen occasional clashes
usually instigated by North Korea the
long-lasting stalemate is the result of
both countries being militarily powerful
but for very different reasons in terms
of Armed Forces South Korea has one of
the most powerful militaries in the
world with roughly three and a half
million available troops however while
South Korea has millions of highly
trained soldiers North Korea has the
advantage of being an authoritarian
military based dictatorship the Hermit
Kingdom has roughly 5 million available
troops with another 5 million fit for
service this is due to Universal
conscription for males that lasts at
least 10 years but troop amount has not
been a leading factor since World War
one when the world stopped relying on
Wars of attrition and instead turned to
air raids and military technology
although North Korea has a massive
military manufacturing sector the vast
majority of their equipment is outdated
and unsophisticated meanwhile South
Korea is one of the most technologically
advanced countries in the world and one
of the leading arms manufacturers
technologically the two are incomparable
South Korea is also considerably
wealthier than their northern neighbors
their GDP is 50 times greater than that
of North Korea's and they spend roughly
four and a half times as much on defense
alone and all of this isn't even
mentioning North Korea's almost totally
isolated state of foreign alliance
meanwhile South Korea enjoys the direct
protection of the most powerful military
force on earth the United States they
are also a UN member with the current UN
Secretary General Ban ki-moon
of South Korean descent but in the end
despite North Korea's clear shortcomings
against the South the biggest
game-changer is North Korea's potential
to have developed nuclear weapons
considering the region's instability
should an actual war break out there is
little preventing kim jeong-hoon from
releasing a seven kiloton bomb and
decimating parts of South Korea while
South Korea has access to the United
States's nuclear arsenal and would
likely strike back the face of the
Korean Peninsula would be changed
forever
in 2009 journalist Laura Lang was
detained by North Korea several months
of captivity could have made her lose
hope but instead she found it through a
very simple ritual watch this video to
learn more about how she survived her
ordeal I thought to myself
Laura think about something that
happened today that you can actually
feel grateful for
despite this horrible situation that
you're in and so I would say to myself
for example I feel lucky I saw a
butterfly outside my window even though
I can't breathe the fresh air thanks for
watching us today on test-tube be sure
to LIKE and subscribe for new videos
every day
and we will see you next time
