in the United States CEOs of major
companies make on average 300 times what
their workers earn while the average
worker salary is about $50,000 many CEOs
make tens of millions of dollars
according to researchers in 1970 this
pay ratio of CEOs to average workers was
only about 20 to 1 so what happened why
are CEOs paid so much more well first of
all America hosts some of the largest
corporations in the world
Walmart along with 16 other successful
businesses are among the top 50 highest
grossing companies in the world in the
u.s. a large portion of a CEO salary
comes in the form of company stock
CEOs of successful companies can see
their worth increase dramatically
alongside the stock market unlike most
workers then CEO salary options are
often dictated by company board
directors who the CEOs appoint
themselves such close relationships
leave little room for pay cuts even if
company performance drops CEOs may still
get a raise to inspire investor
confidence but the drastic gap between
worker and CEO wages is a relatively new
phenomenon the next-highest gap is in
Switzerland where the disparity is about
1 to 150 this income inequality took the
national spotlight after the 2008
recession but it started back in the
late 1970s and 80s as globalization of
the workforce became increasingly common
and outsourcing allowed companies to
prosper worker productivity steadily
rose over the last 40 years productivity
has nearly doubled yet due to weak US
labor laws and overseas competition
wages for the middle and lower class
have barely even kept up with inflation
meanwhile company profits have exploded
with nearly all those profits being
diverted upwards America is woefully
behind in labor rights compared to many
other developed countries like Germany
and Sweden a pattern of undercutting
workers interest puts America on par
with Iraq and Yemen in labor rights in
August 2015 the US Securities and
Exchange Commission implemented a new
rule that requires companies to disclose
the wage gap between CEOs and the
workers experts agree that this could
show shareholders which companies
prioritize their employees success
although CEO wages and profits help
America stay competitive on a global
scale it is America's workforce that is
paying the price besides making way more
than their low-level employees many
American CEOs have cleverly learned to
avoid paying billions in taxes to find
out how they do it check out this video
they just merge with a tiny company
overseas and let's say Ireland and they
become an Irish company instead of an
American one and it makes sense the US
has a corporate tax rate of thirty five
percent whereas Ireland's rate is twelve
and a half percent thanks for watching
test-tube news guys don't forget to Like
and subscribe for new videos every day
