in August 2015
Russia reportedly destroyed 300 tons of
food from nations which had imposed
sanctions on them these actions have
served as an affront to Western
countries like the United States which
has spent much of the last century
locked in the battle with Soviets a 2015
poll found that more than 80% of
Russians have negative opinions about
the United States compared to 34% in
2012 so why does Russia hate the United
States well since the Russian Revolution
of 1917 when the u.s. supported the
anti-communist side Russia and the u.s.
have been in a fairly constant state of
tension numerous territorial
encroachments proxy wars and alternating
alliances have set the stage for both
countries to fear each other's
imperialist goals in recent years
Russian President Vladimir Putin has
called the United States a parasite
living off the global economy throughout
Russia Americans are given the nickname
Pindos that suggests they're heavily
armed and surrounded by technology but
weak and ineffectual without it this
break in relations can in part be
attributed to the US as pushed for
sanctions following Russia's annexation
of Crimea a number of problems with
Russia's economy including the collapse
of their currency and their inability to
borrow money are the result of u.s.
involvement amongst Russian citizens
prices for food and basic goods have
dramatically increased last year
Russia's economy grew barely half a
percent compared to 4.5% in 2010 Russia
is also majorly unhappy with a buildup
of NATO forces throughout Eastern Europe
following the collapse of the Soviet
Union they see the increase in military
bases and personnel as a method of
keeping Russia subjugated there is a
considerable amount of propaganda coming
from both Russian state-controlled media
sources and long-held conspiratorial
beliefs about the United States many
Russians believe that the events of 9/11
were planned by the US government in
order to invade the Middle East and
roughly 40 percent of Russians don't
believe the u.s. ever even landed on the
moon analysts have also said that
Russian hatred of the United States is
calculated to strengthen Russian foreign
policy in situations like the 2008 south
ossetia war Russia accused the u.s. of
supporting the genocide of a settings
however numerous reports claim that
Russia started the conflict themselves
Russia also said that the 2013
gyro Maidan protests in Kiev before the
annexation of Crimea were orchestrated
by American forces and not simply local
civil unrest as a direct representation
of east-meets-west ideological and
political disagreements the US and
Russia are both vying for greater
influence this divide has made Russia an
even more vilified figure around the
world than the u.s. a recent Pew poll
found that nearly every country had very
low confidence in Vladimir Putin with
most negative ratings passing 75 percent
even in the Middle East President Barack
Obama pulled with a higher favorability
than Putin so why does Russia hate the
u.s. a mix of historical tension
political rivalry culture clash
sanctions and heavy propaganda have all
made for an extremely hostile situation
Russia is one of many volatile areas in
the world if you're interested in seeing
on the ground reporting from
international conflict and crisis make
sure to check out my channel with fusion
just found the Condor booth this is the
non-lethal weapons company that has been
supplying the Brazilian forces these are
a lot of the weapons we've seen during
the protests of the past few years here
in Brazil so this is a selection of
various less lethal weapons
Condor calls them non-lethal in the US
we call them less lethal because they
are in fact lethal thanks for watching
test-tube news make sure to LIKE and
subscribe for new videos every day
