a 2014 report by UNESCO found that more
than 780 million adults around the world
could neither read nor write that's one
out of every ten people with more than
half of that figure comprised by women
although literacy has always been vital
within most societies the modern focus
on technology over manual labour has
left few options available to those
who've never learned to read or write so
what are the world's most illiterate
countries well first of all it's
important to note that not all
illiteracy is the same some people are
unable to read or write at all in any
language others are able to construct
and read simple sentences but are unable
to deal with everyday literacy beyond a
basic limited vocabulary this is known
as functional illiteracy and is
considerably more prevalent in the US
alone 30 million adults are functionally
illiterate meaning they cannot read
above the level of a ten-year-old
another sixty million have below average
literacy rates that are unable to
understand a basic newspaper and there
are severe correlations between
illiteracy and success
the Department of Justice notes that the
link between academic failure and
delinquency violence and crime is welded
to reading failure nearly three-quarters
of u.s. prisoners are functionally
illiterate but around the world
true illiteracy is an endemic problem
seventy-five percent of illiterate
adults can be found in just ten
countries however within those large
countries illiterates make up a smaller
percentage than in countries with more
severe generational poverty in at least
a dozen countries primarily in
sub-saharan Africa more than half of the
population is truly illiterate South
Sudan is currently the most illiterate
country in the world with barely one in
four people able to read at all in fact
nearly three-quarters of South Sudanese
children have never even stepped foot in
a classroom of those that do attend
primary school fewer than 10% finish
literacy is vital to a country's success
primarily because of its effect on human
capital or how much economic output a
person can achieve those who are
illiterate are severely disadvantaged
illiterate people are much harder to
train for jobs and they have more
difficulty finding health care options
and social services on the other hand
nations with high literacy rates have
been found to directly correlate with
modernization development and economic
growth but for many illiteracy is a
self-perpetuating cycle in impoverished
countries residents must focus the
majority of their attention on survival
and how to feed shelter and clothe
themselves and their families although
education is a vital tool few have the
available resources ability or time to
learn how to read and write countries
with low literacy rates like Somalia or
Afghanistan are often underdeveloped
with extremely high maternal mortality
rates and across the board
women are further disenfranchised with
two-thirds of illiterate adults around
the world comprised of women although
literacy rates are rising overall in
part thanks to initiatives like unesco
x' literacy initiative for empowerment
education is still scarce in areas like
South and West Asia and sub-saharan
Africa often times education is seen as
a threat to totalitarian governments
leading to brain drain executions of
intellectuals and book burnings check
out the seeker daily video to learn
about the Nazis book-burning raids the
book binding ceremonies took place on
May 10th 1933 and it was students who
took the lead in organizing the mass
event just a month earlier the German
Student Union which was heavily
influenced by Nazis at the time had
announced a campaign against the
underman spirit a month-long propaganda
effort that would culminate in what was
referred to as a cleansing of literary
works thanks for watching test-tube make
sure to LIKE and subscribe we put out
new videos every day
