in July 2015 President Obama signed an
executive order to create the world's
most powerful supercomputer but despite
a massive focus on technological
development the United States is far
from the most technologically advanced
country so what are the most
technologically advanced countries now
some studies list internet speed or
social media use as a measure of
advancement but technologically powerful
countries are only possible through a
combination of research development
scientific talent and innovation
luckily citilab created a global
technology index combining all of these
ventures first on the list is Finland
Finland happens to be the birthplace of
one of the largest mobile phone
producers and innovators Nokia but more
importantly they also spend
three-and-a-half percent of their GDP on
technological research and development
this amounts to nearly 10 billion
dollars a year by comparison this is the
same percentage that the United States
spends on their military Finland also
has the highest number of scientific and
engineering researchers per capita along
with one of the best educational systems
in the world their advancements in
biotechnology and clean energy speak to
the importance of tech and shaping our
actual everyday lives next on the list
is Japan Japan is well known for its
contributions to the technological
revolution much of the success can be
attributed to government allocation and
investment during the mid to late 20th
century Japan's Ministry of
International Trade and Industry
involved Japan in early semiconductor
development while keeping foreign
competition away and exchange rates low
this put them ahead of the rest of the
world and resulted in a long reign of
dominating semiconductor and
microcontroller sales today Japan is one
of the leading tech innovators with the
second highest number of patents per
capita in third place is the United
States while the u.s. is first in
patents per capita it's better known for
hosting the world's biggest tech
companies eight of the top 12 by revenue
are based in the US with a combined
revenue nearly a trillion dollars nearly
all 20th century world-changing tech
developments like nuclear energy
integrated circuitry even the internet
itself were developed through US defense
spending but despite accounting for a
third of the entire world's technology
budget there are a number of reasons the
u.s. doesn't take home the gold first
and foremost is the monopolistic lack of
Internet access and speed due to under
regulation of Internet sir
providers the u.s. also Falls way behind
in science and technology education
ranking average and below average
compared to other OECD countries most
importantly however the US has impassive
ly reallocated their military budget
away from science and tech research that
money instead goes towards expenditures
like the Department of Homeland Security
it's clear that today's tech landscape
is rapidly changing new technologies are
springing up all around the world and
the entry barrier is as low as it has
ever been
it'll certainly be interesting to see
which countries will come to dominate
the technologically advanced future
Finland might be the most
technologically advanced country but it
doesn't have the fastest internet to
learn about which country is the best
connection check out our video now by
comparison the country with the fastest
internet by far as South Korea with
speeds of 23 point 6 megabits per second
thanks for watching test-tube news
please subscribe
