in the first quarter of 2015 China
reportedly saw a new billionaire emerge
every week after the United States China
has the most billionaires in the world
and in the last 15 years the number of
billionaires has skyrocketed from just
two to over 300 so why does China have
so many billionaires well since 1978
China's economic growth exploded
following the reversal of strict
communist policies instituted by former
leader Mao Zedong in the past few
decades the country's per capita wealth
is increased by nearly ten percent each
year China has gone from being an
isolated closed market economy to
operating countless international
businesses utilizing more capitalist
ideals today Chinese economic policy
encourages increased foreign trade and
investment notably in the 1990s
previously state-controlled businesses
were privatized and given new freedom to
pursue profits lack of comprehensive
regulation for laborers construction
work and environmental pollution have
also allowed new Chinese businesses and
tech real estate and retail industries
to flourish but billionaires also reap
huge profits from rampant corruption
money from new ventures flows mainly
upwards to an elite group of business
executives and politicians reportedly
about 10 percent of government spending
contracts and transactions are used as
kickbacks and bribes or simply stolen
this corruption may stem from some
traditional Chinese business
relationships which undermine
free-market policies additionally there
is a long-standing precedent of criminal
immunity for high-ranking members of
China's ruling party however the current
president has led an anti-corruption
crackdown leading to powerful figures
being scrutinized China's ex security
chief was recently sentenced to life in
prison for taking bribes and billions of
dollars were confiscated from his family
income inequality between billionaires
and the poor is even more severe than
many reports indicate this is due to the
wealthy hiding excess funds in overseas
bank accounts or other difficult to
trace foreign investments but because of
recent corruption scandals among the
wealthy Chinese billionaires are
hesitant to broadcast their true wealth
members of China's wealthy elite avoid
the public spotlight and are known as
van
hire billionaires many choose to spend
their time abroad and have been buying
significant amounts of foreign real
estate in cities like New York and San
Francisco despite recent in severe stock
market fluctuations in China the economy
is expected to continue growing one
financial expert suggests that due to
high growth opportunities in Asia the
number of Chinese billionaires were
surpassed the number of American
billionaires in just five to ten years
China's national wealth is even
predicted to overtake the United
States's by 2026 however China must deal
with severe corruption located deep
within its own political identity before
it can completely realize its full
economic profit potential China has a
tumultuous history with its communist
past one of their biggest splits was
with neighboring Taiwan find out why the
two countries hate each other in this
video the communist party instituted
themselves as the new Chinese government
and the two governments continued their
war the US NATO and most Western nations
recognize the exiled Taiwanese
government as legitimate thanks for
watching test-tube news don't forget to
Like and subscribe because we release
new videos every day
