in July 2015
an American hunter killed an iconic lion
in Zimbabwe during a big-game hunt the
lion was illegally lured away from a
Conservation Reserve in order to be
killed sparking international outrage so
what is trophy hunting and why is it
still legal in certain areas well back
when big-game animal populations were
relatively stable trophy hunting was a
popular pastime particularly in the
United States former President Teddy
Roosevelt was a famous and prolific
hunter known for the many animal heads
lining his trophy room today trophy
hunting is still known as a display of
prowess and roughly 10 million Americans
hunt big game every year in Tanzania
it's reported that 60% of all trophy
hunters come from the United States but
in the 20th century when animal species
started becoming extinct or at risk of
extinction hunting regulations increased
worldwide most countries have wildlife
protection agencies that outlaw many
forms of hunting those who hunt
illegally are called poachers usually
poachers hunt animals for their valuable
tusks and horns
however animals may also be poached for
food or pest control however not all
hunting is illegal some tribal groups
are given special rights to continue
hunting on their land assuming it does
not severely affect animal populations
on the other hand trophy hunters are
required to purchase expensive permits
and must follow strict catch limits the
money collected from permit sales is
then used to support the protection of
the rest of the hunted species in one
recent instance a hunter from Texas paid
three hundred and fifty thousand dollars
to hunt and kill a single endangered
black rhino in Namibia from 2008 to 2011
the nation of Tanzania reportedly took
in about seventy five million dollars
from hunting tourism as a result of
conservation efforts funded by big-game
hunting Tanzania currently has the
largest remaining African lion
population for many impoverished or
politically unstable nations hunting
tourism is one of the few financially
viable forms of tourism available
reputable organizations like the US Fish
and Wildlife Service and the World
Wildlife Fund even officially support
regulated hunting as a positive for
conservationists and
local communities but one of the biggest
concerns with legal hunting is that not
all of the money paid by hunters goes
where it is supposed to oftentimes
corrupt official siphoned much of the
money one report suggested that hunting
operators in Tanzania contribute only 3%
of their turnovers to the communities
that are affected by hunting in theory
trophy hunting presents many advantages
if correctly regulated the proceeds aim
to support endangered species although
many are outraged by the idea of any
big-game hunting it would be more
beneficial to endangered species if
conservation is scrutinized corruption
within hunting agencies instead of legal
hunters in June of 2015 New York City
fought back against poachers and illegal
ivory check out this video to find out
how they did it
thanks for watching test-tube news don't
forget to Like and subscribe we release
new videos every single day
