in 2015 Martha Stewart's main brand name
sold for just a fraction of its original
worth many have attributed the
devaluation to Stewart's widely reported
legal troubles concerning insider
trading in 2004 she was sent to prison
for 5 months for related charges
so what did Martha Stewart do wrong what
exactly is insider trading wealth in
2001 Stewart allegedly obtained
non-public knowledge that a particular
stock investment was about to lose money
and she dumped the stock early this kind
of knowledge is also known as insider
information it is only available to
high-level executives or major
shareholders in a company known as
corporate insiders while corporate
insiders are allowed to trade any stocks
they must register potentially
conflicting trades with the Securities
and Exchange Commission it's illegal to
use insider information to profit from
potential stock changes this
disadvantages public stockholders and
betrays investor trust which is vital to
the health of the stock market however
just because insider trading is legal
doesn't mean people don't still do it
there are usually huge amounts of money
on the line and the risk of getting
caught is often very low a study cited
by the New York Times of 2014 claims
that a quarter of all public company
deals involves some kind of insider
knowledge the SEC has limited resources
so they only pursue the largest and the
most legally viable cases they can also
be slow to respond to reports of illegal
activity taking more than two years on
average to announce litigation
additionally many criminal charges
aren't legally viable because the divide
between intentional insider trading and
pure coincidence is often murky many
traders simply claim they got lucky dip
sold off their stock before it to valued
this gray area is one of the reasons
that Martha Stewart was never actually
convicted of insider trading itself she
went to prison because she was caught
lying to federal investigators about her
role in the scandal the SEC does its
best to monitor suspicious trades they
act on tips or complaints and they have
market surveillance tools that track
when large purchases where sales of
stock happen if they do make a
conviction any insider tip givers or tip
receivers can get 25 years in prison
individuals may also be fined up to 5
million dollars and companies may be
fined up to 25 million dollars
the largest aggregate fine for insider
trading in history happened in 2014 were
multiple guilty parties working with a
hedge fund group faced penalties
totaling 1.8 billion dollars insider
trading is one of the most common
white-collar crimes perhaps because it
often seems to be victimless but a
prominent US attorney involved in many
Wall Street executive prosecutions says
nothing could be further from the truth
the market is a victim and the loss of
trust in the public stock market will
hurt the entire country's economy ever
wondered what it would take to crash the
stock market we've got a video on some
of the worst market crashes in history a
crash represents a steep sudden decline
in the value of the market prices and it
can often lead to an economic depression
thanks to everyone for watching
test-tube news please subscribe to get
new videos every day of the week
