the United States houses more prisoners
than any other country on earth with a
sizeable chunk of the US population
behind bars it is vitally important that
prisoners are not denied their basic
human rights
so what rides to prisoners actually have
well being a convicted prisoner
inherently means you lose certain
constitutional freedoms but prison
officials can't just ban anything they
want
certainly restrictions are based on
order and safety considerations there
are a number of court presidents
dictating how restrictions are allowed
to be applied obviously certain rights
such as the right to bear arms the right
to privacy and the right to free
assembly are not possible while
incarcerated one of the best resources
for prisoner rights is the jailhouse
lawyers handbook produced by the Center
for Constitutional Rights the first and
most important right is that of free
speech however there are some limits
prison officials are able to restrict
prisoners speech if they can prove it
passes the Turner test now the Turner
test is for questions meant to determine
whether a restriction is based on a
legitimate government interest first a
restriction must actually apply to a
safety or order concerned by government
officials so for example prisons cannot
ban discussions about communism simply
because they prefer capitalism second
the restriction must still leave room
for a prisoner to exercise their free
speech in another manner prisoners may
not be allowed to use email but they can
still write letters to the outside world
third regulations must take into account
the impact on prison officials and other
prisoners an overly complicated form of
expression that takes up too much time
or resources can be banned on this
spaces finally if there is an easier
alternative unrelated to free speech it
must be pursued first before a ban is
installed the Turner test is also
applied to a prisoners outside
communication while prison officials are
allowed to inspect reading materials and
their mail they cannot censor it unless
it is obscene or dangerous additionally
while prisoners are denied a right to
privacy they are still allowed limited
and monitored phone calls this
and even relationships prisoners are
also guaranteed a freedom of religion
prisons can't Institute rules that
discriminate against a single religion
and inmates can follow religious
practices as long as they are not
harmful or overly complicated in fact
prisons are not technically allowed to
discriminate on race or religion either
however some racial segregation has been
justified as avoiding gang violence and
it is often difficult to prove racial
discrimination gender segregation is
allowed on the basis of prison safety
and order however prison programs must
be of equal quality and access to all
genders this is based on the Fourteenth
Amendment of equal protection of the law
freedom of expression and fair treatment
are vital for prisoners rights relating
to legal assistance and humane treatment
are just as important in making sure all
prisoners are able to maintain some
quality of life while incarcerated
stay tuned for prison rights part 2 to
find out what else prisoners are
constitutionally entitled to America's
massive prison population has partially
been blamed on the financial success of
running private for-profit prisons to
learn more about how private prisons are
a drain on u.s. society and economy
check out this video over the last 40
years the prison population in the US
has risen by 700 percent this is largely
due to changes in drug sentencing laws
that started in the 1970s as always
thanks for watching and make sure to
LIKE and subscribe for new videos every
day
