in July 2015 New York decided to
eliminate bail for nonviolent criminals
this decision comes after two recent
deaths shed light on bail practices
discriminating against the poor so how
does bail actually work and is it an
unfair system well when you get arrested
you're usually given the option of
returning home to await your trial
however in order to make sure you
actually come back the courts require
you to give up a refundable deposit this
deposit is known as bail some people who
are considered flight risks or dangerous
to society are not given the opportunity
to post bail if you do come back to
court the money is then refunded to you
if you don't you forfeit the money and a
warrant can be issued for your arrest
giving suspects freedom until their
trial is a major aspect of the legal
concept innocent until proven guilty
however if you are unable to afford your
bail
you stay imprisoned until your trial
many of the problems arising from
waiting in jail like wage loss are being
considered discriminatory against the
poor in 2013 New York State's chief
judge noted that people without bail
money who committed even minor offenses
like protesting had to stay in jail for
months awaiting trial now there are bail
bondsman who will lend bail money to you
but they often charged 10% in most
states so if your bail is ten thousand
dollars you have to pay the bail company
$1000 in this way people who don't have
the money to begin with end up spending
more than those who can actually afford
it
also if you are too poor to find a
cosigner to the loan or you don't have
many assets bail companies can refuse to
help you
although the Eighth Amendment to the
Constitution states that bails should
not be excessive the meaning of
excessive is debated in a 1987 Supreme
Court case setting high bail costs to
prevent the release of a suspect was
deemed constitutional
this gave judges more leeway to set high
bails based on their own perceptions of
the accused and their crime the rich
have a much easier time with the bail
system this is exemplified by many
celebrities seemingly nonchalant
relationships with jail proceedings in
the early 2000s real estate millionaire
Robert Durst was arrested on
surcharges but easily posted $300,000
bail and skipped town yet in 2010 16
year-old kalief Browder was arrested for
stealing a backpack and his bail was set
at three thousand dollars but his family
couldn't afford it and due to trial
postponement Browder spent the next
three years in prison in 2015 he
committed suicide his death represents
how broken the justice system is for
those who can't afford better for the
rich trials bail money and lawyer fees
are problems which are easily overcome
for the poor the decimation of time life
savings and life itself have irreparable
effects on families and communities it's
no secret that there are a ton of
problems with the US prison system to
learn about the dangers of prisons for
profit check out our video here these
policies disproportionately affect
minorities according to the n-double
a-c-p about 58 percent of the male
prison population is made up of
african-americans and Hispanics yet
these minorities make up only a quarter
of the American population thanks for
joining us on test-tube news make sure
you subscribe so we can see you again
tomorrow
