in July 2015 President Barack Obama
announced a plan to bring high-speed
Internet to low-income households
calling it a 21st century necessity
while telecom companies have argued that
most people don't need high-speed
internet consumers have shown that their
preference for faster connections so how
well does the u.s. fare in internet
speed compared to the rest of the world
which countries have the fastest
internet every year a leading internet
research firm releases a list of the
countries with the fastest internet the
worldwide average speed is about 5
megabits per second but there are a
number of external factors which affect
actual download speed to simplify a 10
minute long high-definition YouTube
video would take about 3 minutes and 30
seconds to download on a 5 megabits per
second connection now despite the
internet being born in the United States
the US doesn't even make it into the top
10 fastest internet speeds with an
average eleven point nine megabits per
second connection that YouTube video
would take about a minute and a half to
download by comparison the country with
the fastest internet by far South Korea
with speeds of 23 point 6 megabits per
second the download would take less than
45 seconds of that speed the next four
are Ireland Hong Kong Sweden and the
Netherlands which all have speeds of
around 1517 megabits per second so why
does South Korea dominate internet
speeds well first and foremost the South
Korean government began planning for
widespread adoption of the internet back
in 1995 by 2000 nearly half of their
citizens were connected however one of
the strongest reasons is that the Korean
government deregulated Internet service
providers this made it relatively easy
to become an ISP forcing them to compete
by lowering prices and raising speeds in
the u.s. there is almost no competition
among ISPs nearly 1/3 of US households
have either a single available provider
in their area or no access at all
additionally South Korea has an
extremely dense population with 1,300
residents per square mile
physical Internet infrastructure costs
less to install and to maintain in 1996
the u.s. attempted to institute
widespread broadband infrastructure by
allowing telecom companies to charge
consumers for future improvements
unfortunately despite charging roughly 2
billion dollars over the course of a
decade most of that money was collected
in telecom profits few improvements were
made to Internet service the differences
in regulation population and competition
are the major reasons as to why South
Korea dominates the u.s. in internet
speed since faster internet correlates
to more productivity it is only a matter
of time until the u.s. starts to feel
the effects of crawling behind the rest
of the world to learn more about
President Obama's plan to save the
Internet check out this video
making Internet companies utility under
the Telecommunications Act like Obama is
suggesting would ensure that the FCC
could regulate Internet service
providers like Comcast Time Warner and
Verizon thanks for watching test-tube
news everyone and don't forget to Like
and subscribe so you get new videos
every day of the week
