Hinduism is the third largest religion
in the world with more than 1 billion
adherents globally it drags just below
Christianity and Islam and is considered
to be one of the world's oldest active
religions so where did it all start
what's the history of Hinduism
first and foremost Hinduism doesn't have
one specific set of teachings nor a
specific holy doctrine or founder though
it may have originated as far back as
3,000 BCE with the Indus Valley
Civilisation near the current border of
Pakistan and India although Hinduism is
commonly classified as a religion it is
also considered a philosophy and a
culture because the belief system has no
standard method of practice it's
considered to be one of the most
hollering religions in the world
Hinduism is closely associated with
other Eastern religions in fact Hinduism
incorporated concepts like karma and
reincarnation around the same time that
similar concepts emerged in Buddhism and
Jainism these ideas deal with the cycle
of life and rebirth as well as the
consequences of a person's actions
another major distinguishing feature of
Hinduism compared to most other active
religions is its belief in multiple
deities the primary three are Shiva
Vishnu and Brahma but there are many
others however some Hindus consider
these deities to be manifestations of a
single cosmic spirit called Brahman who
is genderless and a militant many Hindus
also consider the ancient Vedic texts to
be sacred the scripture was written in
Sanskrit around 1000 BCE as a hymn to
the gods
within the Veda multiple major and minor
deities are described including Indra
the king of gods and Vishnu a protector
God today Hindus recite verses from this
text ritualistically
during weddings and funerals currently
about 15% of the world's population
subscribes to Hinduism with roughly 99%
of Hindus residing in India and Nepal in
nations like Mauritius Fiji and Guyana
Hindus also constitute a large minority
in America there are also about 2
million Hindus who make up about half 8%
of the population
Hinduism started in South Asia and
continues to thrive there India's
relationship with Hinduism is the
with the Hindu nationalist Indian
People's Party currently wielding power
India's Prime Minister is also the
latest in a long line of predominantly
Hindu leaders by 2050 Hinduism is
expected to grow by 34 percent to about
1.4 billion adherents globally
however as its influence is limited
outside Asia the religion will most
likely stay in the number three spot
behind Christianity and Islam for a long
time to come for a look at one extreme
ancient Hindu practice check out this
video from this happened here now the
interplay of hot asphalt in cooling
water might be a nod to the goddess she
taller herself whose name translates
roughly to the one who cools thanks for
watching test-tube news subscribe for
new videos every day
