every year the Secret Service makes
thousands of arrests however despite
their media portrayal as a presidential
protection service their other primary
role is investigating financial fraud as
a matter of fact serving as the
president's security detail is one of
their most anomalous responsibilities so
why does the Secret Service really exist
well the Secret Service is one of the
country's oldest government
organizations they were originally
created in 1865 to investigate
counterfeit currency which reportedly
comprised a third of all US currency at
the time however as a relatively young
government there were only three other
federal law enforcement agencies dealing
with crime as a result the Secret
Service began acting as a general
investigative department as well as the
first espionage and counter espionage
agency this effectively meant that they
were responsible for everything from
foreign spying to tax fraud to illegal
gambling and so on 1901 President
William McKinley was assassinated to
prevent further presidential deaths the
Secret Service was asked to add
protecting the president to their list
of responsibilities over time the Secret
Service has delegated some good studies
to newly formed government agencies such
as the FBI IRS CIA ATF and DEA they
maintained their role in disrupting
counterfeit currency and presidential
protection today they are also tasked
with preventing technology-based
financial and infrastructure threats
although the Secret Service is currently
part of the Department of Homeland
Security there are within the Treasury
Department as late as 2003 in their role
as security there have been four
assassination attempts and one
presidential death in recent years the
department has come under fire for a
number of problematic incidents these
include allowing intruders to reach the
White House in 2014 and allegedly
ordering prostitutes while outside the
country besides protecting the president
they are also used as security for a
wide range of potential political
targets the Secret Service is one of the
u.s. government's most variable agencies
in our history they tackle nearly every
type of criminal activity but clearly
despite the originally limited scope of
their duties they're best known today
for their most irregular
responsibilities protecting the
President President Obama's Secret
Service was in a lot of hot water
recently to learn about the
mistakes they made check out our video
here the White House has also been shot
at and hit with bullets from a
semi-automatic weapon we know this
because a maid found broken glass a full
four days after the incident which
brought the whole thing to the attention
of the Secret Service who at the time
had no idea that any of this had even
happened thanks for joining us on
test-tube news please subscribe now so
you don't miss a single upcoming video
