on July 5th 2016 37 year-old Dalton
sterling was fatally shot by police in
Baton Rouge Louisiana less than 48 hours
later police shot and killed 32 year-old
falando Castile and Saint Paul Minnesota
many have voiced their opinions that
with better police training these deaths
could have been avoided it's a concern
that has been brought up many times over
the past few decades
so how our officer is being trained and
has anything changed
Malta's start there's actually no
federal standard for how police are
trained the specific disciplines taught
and the amount of time officers spend on
each one varies from department to
department but according to the most
recent data from the Department of
Justice more than half of police
training is spent on hard skills like
firearm use and self-defense leaving
little time for soft skills like
de-escalation communication and
community policing community policing is
the idea that officers who build close
ties with the community are better able
to promote safety and order as they
understand the unique issues of their
beef the distinction between these two
types of law enforcement has garnered
attention in recent years with many
experts saying that police academies
should a lot more time - soft skills we
reached out to the director of police
training in Washington State
former sheriff sue Rahr who told us that
the emphasis on hard skills is more of a
time factor than an intentional priority
when you're training a physical skill it
takes a lot more time because we spend
you know 80 some hours on defensive
tactics and eight hours on dealing with
people with mental illness that doesn't
mean defensive tactics is more important
it's just the nature of skills based
training the problem with police
training may not be how time is
distributed but instead lie in the
nature of the training a 2015 Harvard
study rara co-authored found that many
police are trained as warriors rather
than as community Guardians according to
this idea police who only respond in a
time of crisis instead of regularly
interacting with their community only
have a linear understanding of their be
the issue is only made worse by a police
academies warrior culture which has its
foundations in military training
for instance the officer who shot
Casteel had allegedly attended a police
organized a bulletproof warrior seminar
which stressed fast reactions and a
preparedness for combat like situations
although there is a renewed push for
community policing in recent years it's
actually been a part of police training
for decades in 1994 President Bill
Clinton signed the Violent Crime Control
and Law Enforcement Act which among
other things led to the allocation of 14
billion dollars to community policing
initiatives but a review of the policy
20 years later showed that while many
departments have adopted such tactics on
paper few have actually incorporated
into their training and fieldwork even
for the departments that have heavily
incorporated community policing
strategies the results have been mixed
for instance in Camden New Jersey which
is considered one of the most dangerous
cities in America city officials
disbanded the police force rebuilding
one that's heavily focused on community
policing although in two years shootings
fell by 43 percent and murders by more
than half the tactics used to achieve
those results have led to significant
tension a greater police presence has
culminated in an increase in stop and
frisk and surveillance tactics which has
only heightened tensions between the
community and police force
but while de-escalation training and
community policing are a step in the
right direction many have argued that
they fail to address the larger problem
which is explicit or unconscious racial
bias on the part of law enforcement
according to a report by The Washington
Post nearly a thousand people were shot
and killed by police in 2015 more than a
quarter of whom were african-american
although they make up a much smaller
proportion of the u.s. population a
number of departments have adopted
training programs that aim to suppress
any implicit racial bias officers may
have however the effectiveness of these
initiatives has yet to be studied as the
number of people killed by police in
2016 is well on its way to exceeding
that of the year before law enforcement
is under more pressure than ever to get
to the root of the problem
but what other factors have led to this
alleged rise in police brutality and
what sparked the change and attitude to
begin with find out in this video during
the war on terror more and more police
received surplus military equipment with
some holding weapons such as grenade
launchers and armored vehicles with
mounted guns
thank you for watching seeker daily
please make sure to LIKE and subscribe
for new videos every day
