On June 28th Puerto Rican officials said
the islands debt of 72 billion dollars
was too high to repay
however the Commonwealth isn't left with
many alternatives since US bankruptcy
laws only apply to cities and other
municipalities so what are the different
kinds of bankruptcies well bankruptcy is
the legal term for when you are unable
to pay off your debts instead of
gathering interest charges and
perpetually being indebted to creditors
bankruptcy allows you to dismiss some
obligations to pay however this isn't a
get-out-of-jail-free card
there are many limitations and
consequences to filing for bankruptcy in
2005 one in 55 US households went
bankrupt nearly all caused by major
medical expenses in the US chapter 7 in
Chapter 13 are the top two most popular
types of bankruptcy they're specifically
geared towards individuals chapter 7
filings account for 70% of non-business
bankruptcy claims and involves selling
the debtors possessions to recoup some
of the debt chapter 13 bankruptcy
accounts for the other 30% and is
utilized by those with higher incomes
whose possessions are too valuable to be
sold in Chapter 7 bankruptcies much of
the debt is forgiven after assets are
sold while chapter 13 involves paying
creditors back over time both options
ruin your credit making it much harder
to receive loans in the years to come on
the other hand businesses tend to file
for chapter 11 bankruptcy it involves a
combination of debt forgiveness and
restructuring loans this restructuring
can involve lower interest rates or
longer time allowed to repaint loans for
larger entities things get even more
complicated municipalities lake cities
or townships are allowed to declare
chapter 9 bankruptcy which is similar to
chapter 11 business bankruptcy however
municipalities are given exclusive
access to special accountants and
federal judges who expedite refinancing
options and help decide action on a
case-by-case basis in 2013 the city of
Detroit filed for the largest municipal
bankruptcy in US history
but states and countries aren't allowed
to legally file bankruptcy in the same
way that's why it's a big deal that
Puerto Rico and Greece are presently
threatening to default on their loans
there is a huge web of creditors and
lots of money on the line yet there are
no heart set rules for these large
entities to relieve their debt burden
and default can be devastating for all
parties involved at every level
bankruptcy has very serious consequences
to all those affected but rather than
bury the person businesses for
municipalities and unending debts
bankruptcy laws are meant to relieve
harsh burdens and give back life without
stress over debts now you may now be
wondering can a country go bankrupt well
it's complicated take a look at our
video here to learn all about it first
of all a country going bankrupt is very
different from a corporation or a person
going bankrupt if a corporation or a
person Ã©clairs bankruptcy there are
laws in place which help both the
defaulter and the creditor recruit
losses but if an entire nation takes a
nosedive into bankruptcy it's sometimes
a free-for-all
thanks for joining us on test-tube news
subscribe now and we'll see you tomorrow
