China is the world's most populous
country and its economy is second only
to the United States but despite these
indicators of a prosperous future
China has several looming problems ahead
a stagnant economy a shrinking workforce
and a growing elderly population
so is this sleeping giant on the verge
of a dangerous economic collapse what's
at stake for China since the 1970s China
has instituted a one-child only policy
this was to help cope with poverty
problems caused by overpopulation
however a side effect is that today
there are fewer young people to take
care of a massive aging generation in
Shanghai one expert believes that in
five years a third of the city's
residents will be over the age of 59
with a smaller working age population
the workforce is slowly shrinking
China's economy has also suffered in
recent years in 2008 their part in the
global recession was coupled with a
massive earthquake in response to those
crises the government instituted federal
work programs and housing projects those
stimulated growth but also came with
their own problems today the surplus of
housing is causing property prices to
drop and the housing market is quote
comatose this is especially dangerous as
some economists estimate that China's
real estate industry accounts for about
20 percent of their national GDP
additionally the Chinese banking system
is in need of some policy changes and is
often secretive according to the
International Monetary Fund off-balance
sheet activities and informal credit
markets have made China's financial
sector vulnerable the report called for
increased oversight and transparency
into the shadow banking world the
Brookings Institution reported that in
2013 shadow banking accounted for around
43 percent of China's GDP the country's
growth has slowed to its weakest point
in 24 years 7.4 percent in 2014
consumer confidence is weak and
municipal debts remain dangerously high
according to experts currently one
American consulting firm estimated that
China's debt to GDP ratio is that too
one hundred and eighty two percent many
agree that China is in danger of a major
economic setback economists note that in
order for the recovery to be less
painful their economic woes must be
addressed as soon as possible
despite their status as a wealthy
superpower China will face of major
unavoidable money problems in the coming
years China isn't the only country with
a lot of debt to learn about the
situation in the United States take a
look at our video here it cost more
money to run the country than the
country currently earns in taxes this is
called a budget deficit the u.s. deficit
for this year is more than five hundred
billion dollars thanks for watching
test-tube news please subscribe now and
we will see you again next time good
