in recent years police departments have
been looking at instituting the use of
taser like handcuffs to control
prisoners these handcuffs are able to
wirelessly deliver eighty thousand volts
whereas most tasers deliver about fifty
thousand many have questioned whether
this device falls under the cruel and
unusual punishment Amendment of the US
Constitution so how do we determine what
is cruel and unusual well the Eighth
Amendment reads excessive bail shall not
be required nor excessive fines imposed
nor cruel and unusual punishments
inflicted however the Constitution
doesn't explain what constitutes a cruel
or unusual punishment as a result courts
have long debated its intended meaning
one view is that of constitutional
originalist who believe that the state
of the country when the Constitution was
written should be its guiding principle
this would mean that anything acceptable
in 1790 would be constitutional
including things like public flogging
being dunked in water and even child
slavery more realistically the Supreme
Court tends to use evolving standards of
decency based on public opinion this is
established by how state judges and
juries around the country tend to rule
for example in 1977 the Supreme Court
decided that giving the death penalty in
rape cases was unconstitutional based on
the fact that only one state allowed
that punishment the Eighth Amendment has
also been applied to the treatment of
prisoners with a 1992 ruling prohibiting
unnecessary and wanton infliction of
pain while police may argue that the
80,000 volt handcuffs will be used
humanely in their short period of
availability they have already been
abused in a 2014 court trial a judge
ordered his bailiff to shot a prisoner
with high-voltage leg cuffs in order to
stop him from talking
the judge was soon after removed from
the bench ostensibly for this cruel and
unreasonable order in 1972 Justice
William Brennan laid out four guiding
principles for narrowing down the
criteria of cruel and unusual first and
foremost the punishment must not by its
severity be degrading to human dignity
which
primarily relates to torture the
punishment must also not be obviously
inflicted in a wholly arbitrary fashion
nor can a punishment be clearly and
totally rejected throughout society
finally it cannot be patently
unnecessary
although these guidelines are slightly
less ambiguous they still leave the full
weight of the punishment on the courts
judgment some punishments have been
considered to violate the Eighth
Amendment such as giving the death
penalty to children or locking prisoners
to a pole in the hot Sun for hours in
fact the death penalty itself was
briefly ruled cruel and unusual however
there still are laws on the books which
many have considered unconstitutional
unfortunately until they are brought to
the Supreme Court there is no real way
of addressing potentially cruel and
unusual punishment until it actually
occurs if you'd like to dive deeper into
the debate over punishment check out our
video on the ultimate form of punishment
execution right here in March 2015
Utah lawmakers approved the use of
firing squads to execute death row
inmates
this comes after lethal injection drugs
were discontinued in 2011 when the drugs
only manufacturer left the US thanks for
watching test-tube news please subscribe
now and we'll see you next time
