the euro debt crisis finally came to a
head when Greece defaulted on its first
loan payment after months of European
leaders scrambling to control this
threat critics have been wondering if
the euro is more trouble than it's worth
so we wanted to know was the eurozone a
bad idea the eurozone was established in
1999 today consists of 19 member states
who all have adopted a singular currency
the euro monetary policy concerning the
euro is decided by the european central
bank located in Frankfurt Germany their
biggest role is preventing inflation by
attempting to keep prices stable amongst
member countries now it would seem that
it's a good idea to combine powerful
economies to feed off of and strengthen
each other however what happens when a
weak country enters the mix or when a
strong country becomes weak there are
strict guidelines for being considered a
strong enough economy to join these are
primarily based on a country's long-term
stability forecast but Greece was able
to enter the euro zone without all the
necessary qualifications by severely
understating their massive deficit on
top of that the 2007 financial crisis
sent a lot of formerly powerful
economies into a downward spiral forcing
the ECB to bail them out lest the
eurozone fails to the ability of failing
economies to bring down strong economies
is one of the biggest criticisms of the
eurozone often when a country has
trouble paying its debts it simply
prints more money
well this devalues the currency to some
degree it's preferable to outright
defaulting however individual countries
don't own the euro so they can devalue
everyone else's money to solve their own
problems instead the ECB provides
emergency loans but in exchange for
economic reforms to make sure the
country can keep up with everything else
you may have heard of these reforms as
austerity measures austerity measures
mostly include massive government
spending cuts curtailing social programs
and raising taxes now while this works
in theory it can also lead to severe
consequences in Greece's case that
use austerity measures put a massive
strain on the economy and remove the
government's ability to invest in the
public sector
this meant higher rates of unemployment
which led to fewer people paying taxes
leaving less money for the government to
pay back their ballooning loans today
Greece's total inability to survive
within the eurozone has unprecedented
consequences for both the country and
the European Union there are a number of
subtle and complicated reasons for the
euros current instability however the
biggest problem simply comes from the
inherent differences in attempting to
lump together economies with different
growth exports relationships and most
importantly monetary politics so all
things considered was the eurozone a bad
idea while the eurozone may be
beneficial to many countries its ability
to weather an economic downturn may just
be its ultimate failure sometimes it's
hard to imagine what life is really like
for people living in these sorts of
crises to get a glimpse of the struggles
check out this video that I made for
seeker daily on Greece gas stations are
running out of petroleum and rationing
customers purchases in response the
government has made public
transportation free though only in
Greater Athens thanks for joining us on
test-tube news we'll see you next time
