July 4th 1776 marks the day that the
United States declared its independence
from Britain but today countless other
countries still struggle for their own
independence in honor of the pursuit of
freedom everywhere we thought we would
take a second look at some of those
countries our first video on
independence focused on Italy Canada
Spain and Scotland a link to that video
is on screen and in the show notes down
below so make sure you check that out so
what other regions still want to be
independent one of the most
controversial regions seeking
independence is Palestine although
Palestinians hold an occupied territory
their land has never been officially
recognized as a sovereign state with the
exception of a recent recognition by the
Vatican
the region has been the site of
countless land wars with Israel yet as a
whole Palestinians are still divided on
their government aims and boundaries in
recent years they've gained increased
support around the world and in 2012 the
United Nations gave them non-member
observer state status
they've been generally considered a de
jure sovereign state known as the
Palestinian Authority after Palestine
another region pursuing independence is
Tibet since the mid 20th century it's
been considered an autonomous region
within the People's Republic of China
but for centuries it's had a distinct
culture and intensely pursued state
independence Tibet spiritual leader the
Dalai Lama is committed to non-violence
and maintains a middle path among
political interests however China has
exiled the leader for allegedly inciting
independence movements Kurdistan in Iraq
has long desired complete sovereignty
the full Kurd region also includes parts
of Iran Turkey and Syria but for the
last half-century attempts at
establishing a new nation have not
succeeded revolts and failed ceasefire
agreements are a regular occurrence
throughout Kurdistan's history today the
terrorist group Isis has created an even
more volatile situation in the area but
Kurdistan's efforts to fight Isis have
been globally appreciated and future
referendums are tentatively scheduled to
explore independent state options
unfortunately independent statehood can
be difficult and complicated to attain
physical boundaries international
relationships and a brand new government
must all be established although many
dependent states seek sovereignty it is
an uphill battle for independence to see
part 1 of this series check out this
video here and if you want to see part 3
where we look at some more regions that
want independence make sure you
subscribe now thanks as always for
watching and we'll see you next time on
test-tube news
