the United Nations estimates that nearly
a billion people call slums home for
some cities about 80% of the population
lives in a slum in the coming years
numbers of slum dwellers worldwide are
only set to rise why do so many people
live in slums and what are the largest
slums in the world well first of all
what is a slum
well the UN defines them as having five
specific characteristics they usually
lack permanent housing sufficient space
for inhabitants clean water access
appropriate sanitation and personal
safety many slums are located on the
outskirts of towns and are poorly
constructed without any Housing
Authority regulations people live in
urban slums in order to access more work
opportunities however the work is often
not enough to fully extricate them from
the cycle of poverty a majority of slum
dwellers live on near dollars per day
where are the world's biggest slums
well they reside in the developing
nations in Asia Africa and Latin America
the UN reports that the most deprived
slum dwellers live in sub-saharan Africa
according to a 2013 analysis by the
Borgan project the top five most
populous slums are found in the
countries of South Africa Kenya India
Pakistan and Mexico South Africa's
biggest slum is home to around 400,000
people while Mexico's biggest slum is
said to contain 4 million residents one
of India's largest slums in Mumbai
contains up to a million people and
served as the backdrop for the Oscar
winning film Slumdog Millionaire in what
may be the most populous slum in the
world near Mexico City residents live
near a massive landfill and are exposed
to one of the highest crime rates in the
nation accurate statistics are hard to
come by for many slums but experts
believe that slum areas are some of the
fastest growing human habitats worldwide
despite the UN's and many nations best
efforts the growth of slums continue to
outpace social and structural urban
improvement still the UN continues to
push for increased government oversight
in slums in the hopes that residents
will be able to overcome their living
situations and
eventually prosper elsewhere one of the
most interesting slums in the world is
one of the tallest buildings in the
world to learn about the story of the
south african monument watch seeker
Daily's video here but as people began
to leave the city of Johannesburg in the
1980s many parts of the city and the
Ponte itself succumbed to urban decay
drug dealers crime lords and squatters
over and the massive apartment building
there's a link in the description if you
want to check it out
thanks as always for watching guys we
love you so much
