New Jersey's Governor Chris Christie has
become the latest to jump into the
presidential ring the Republican
candidate has been expected to run since
2012 however his embroilment in a recent
bridge based controversy may have
dissuaded potential voters so who
exactly is chris christie well besides
being a twice elected governor of New
Jersey he has also spent time as a
lawyer in a lobbyist and campaigned for
both Bush presidents as a governor he
stressed fiscal responsibility and
promised to never raise taxes he has
largely fulfilled that promise and
delivered a yearly balanced budget
however he did so by drastically cutting
public worker pension funds as a result
New Jersey's credit rating has been
downgraded six times under his
governorship in 2013 he vetoed a raise
in the minimum wage but that same year
New Jersey residents voted it in anyway
Christie is fairly lenient on
immigration policies unlike many of his
Republican peers he has said that
undocumented immigration is not a crime
but a civil issue and that local police
should not perform immigration
enforcement duties although Christie has
outlawed gay conversion therapy and said
that homosexuality is innate he has
strongly vetoed legalizing same-sex
marriage however in 2012 his veto was
overturned as violating New Jersey's
Constitution additionally while Christie
supports medical marijuana he has said
that as president he will crack down on
States legalizing recreational marijuana
he is also pro-life but has said he will
respect opposing pro-choice views in
2013 Christie was accused of shutting
down bridge toll lanes out of spite
against a New Jersey mayor in a scandal
known as bridge gate however despite the
resignation and firing of a number of
staffers connected to the incident a
later investigation cleared Christie of
any direct involvement Christie has been
criticized for having little experience
before his political career began
however it seems as though his stances
are not exactly aligned with traditional
conservative views additionally he has
been widely praised for his rapid and
bipartisan reaction to Hurricane sandy
whether his ability to play both sides
of the aisle will turn ideological
voters off or swing centrist voters to
his side is yet
to be seen as of Christie's announcement
there are 14 candidates running for
president on the Republican side to
learn more about each of the candidates
check out our full playlist here
starting with Rick Santorum in 2012 he
ran for president and nearly beat out
MIT Romney for the nomination his views
are fairly in line with socially
conservative religious values but his
most controversial opinions are on the
topic of homosexuality thanks for
watching test-tube news please subscribe
so you get all of our videos every day
