in 2001 Goldman Sachs predicted that a
group of developing and newly
industrialized countries could come to
dominate Western economies since then
those countries have exploded in growth
and changed the landscape of world
politics so what are BRICS countries
BRICS is an acronym for Brazil Russia
India China and South Africa those five
countries comprise nearly half of the
world's population a quarter of the
world's land mass and 1/5 of the world's
GDP their combined GDP is nearly that of
the United States and growing a major
aspect of their alliance is the
formation of the new Development Bank to
compete with the IMF and the World Bank
this gives them greater leeway to loan
each other and other countries money for
development unrestricted by Western
influence estimates as to their rate of
growth tend to vary some say that
they'll overtake the g7 economies by
2027 others suggest they might achieve
that goal by 2050 this will largely be
fueled by the rapid expansion of the
middle class and higher GDP per capita
at the forefront is China in 2013 they
passed the 4 trillion dollar mark in
trade and passed the United States to
become the largest trade country in the
world China's GDP could rival the US by
2020 as it is already the second largest
economy
India's expansion has led to the
prosperity of the middle class in recent
years part of this is due to the fact
that 10 of the 30 fastest growing urban
areas are located in India Brazil which
is oil and iron rich grew to become the
sixth largest economy in the world in
2012 briefly overtaking the United
Kingdom however Russia has seen economic
difficulty and a declining population
recent sanctions and geopolitical
problems have increasingly isolated
Russia from the rest of the BRICS the
final country South Africa was added to
the group in 2010 despite having a
significantly lower population and
economy than any of the others however
South Africa is the strongest African
economy and provides a significant
foothold on the continent for China and
India despite their strong growth many
have said it will be unsustainable as
resources are depleted a growing
population will rapidly deplete
and could sabotage the ability to grow
at the same pace another critique is the
overt dominance of China's economy
without China the BRICS would have
little political clout and this gives
China veto power over BRICS issues in
fact China's economy alone is larger
than the rest of the BRICS combined
additionally all five countries have
mixed records on human rights and
ongoing conflicts with their neighboring
countries regardless the BRICS have seen
significant growth in recent years even
if they don't become the world's
dominant economies they'll still have
far surpassed any expectations from the
20th century want to learn about how
powerful these countries are on their
own we've covered each of them in these
five videos so make sure you subscribe
so you don't miss any of the upcoming
stuff we've got coming your way on
test-tube news and thank you for
watching
