an often overlooked aspect of climate
change is water availability as water
becomes scarce or people get more
aggressive in protecting their water
rights in fact the fight over who gets
to use the world's water has been a long
ongoing battle
so who's fighting over water well water
is arguably the world's most important
resource nearly all human activity
including Commerce transportation
sanitation migration patterns and
survival are intrinsically linked to
water yet nearly 800 million people or
11% of the global population lacks
access to clean drinking water part of
this comes from the distinction between
human rights economic viability
conflicting laws and environmental
concerns this means there is rarely a
solution which satisfies all involved
according to one study between 1950 and
2000 there were more than 1,800
international conflicts over water this
doesn't even include domestic or
internal disputes generally water
disputes that deal with international
commerce like fishing or agriculture are
addressed by the World Trade
Organization they even have internal
groups to deal with disputes when it
comes to domestic water management and
resources the UN steps in however they
focus more on activism and education to
prevent conflicts rather than solving
existing ones for example in the Middle
East the UN runs a program to Train
water professionals to avoid future
disagreements over how water is
internationally allocated in particular
the Middle East is one of the most
severe water crisis zones it's been said
that future wars in the Middle East are
more likely to be fought over water than
over oil with only 1% of the world's
fresh water available to about 5 percent
of the global population disputes over
river basins have the potential to
spiral out of control in an already
volatile area primarily in question are
the Euphrates Tigris and Jordan rivers
for example the Jordan River runs along
Lebanon Syria Jordan Israel and
Palestine however Israel has restricted
palestine's access to the river as part
of their ongoing conflict those who
control water can use it to their
political advantage another popular
example is that of Bolivia's
privatization of water in 2000 water
rights in Cochabamba were given over to
a private company which proceeded
raise prices significantly this caused
protests and eventually riots during
which a civilian was killed
eventually the privatization was
reversed water availability might be one
of the most conflict prone issues the
world has to deal with especially as
populations continue to grow while the
amount of water continues to drop water
shortages affect businesses economies
and populations and no country is immune
to the effects of running out of water
unfortunately this complicated issue has
no obvious solution outside of
cooperation and compromise one reason
that borders and rights are so complex
is because of the value of the large
bodies of water beneath them to learn
about the signs of aquifers and how they
were formed check out this video from
dnews the rocks act as a natural filter
that traps sediment and other nasty
particles like bacteria so the water
that flows from the spring is
beautifully clean and clear but aquifers
can become contaminated typically by
humans there's a link in the description
below thanks for watching test-tube news
please subscribe
