in May 2015 an ex IRA commander was
murdered on the street followed by
several IRA bombings this violent
signals that the fight over Northern
Ireland's independence is not yet over
for nearly a century the Irish
Republican Army has been terrorizing
Ireland so what is the IRA and what do
they want for Northern Ireland
well the IRA is an organization most
closely associated with militant Irish
nationalism they are known for their
guerrilla warfare tactics in support of
freeing Northern Ireland from the United
Kingdom between 1968 and 1998 in a
period known as the troubles over 3,600
people were killed and up to 50,000 more
were injured through bombings and
attacks the original IRA began in 1917
is a volunteer Irish army in 1921 they
won independence from the UK for most of
the island of Ireland however a small
portion of the island
Northern Ireland remained under British
control per the war's peace treaty some
IRA members were not satisfied with this
arrangement and in 1922 a new IRA was
formed this IRA was pitted not only
against the British but also against
former IRA members who had agreed to the
New Deal throughout the 20th century the
IRA reformulated several times changing
their name to the official IRA the
Provisional IRA the continuity IRA and
the Real IRA they are thought to contain
hundreds of members in small groups
around the country and have potentially
thousands of sympathizers the militant
group is closely associated with the
oldest and most popular political
movement in Ireland called Shin fain in
fact the current president of Shin fain
Gerry Adams was on the United States's
terrorist watch list until 2006 several
infamous outbreaks of violence have been
attributed to both IRA members and
opposing British soldiers one of the
most well known incidents was Bloody
Sunday in 1972 British soldiers opened
fire on a crowd of unarmed Irish
protesters killing 14 people despite the
presence of the IRA in recent
referendums it's acknowledged that most
people in Northern Ireland want to
remain part of the UK but at the same
time a significant portion of Northern
Ireland as well as Ireland itself are in
favor of United independent Ireland in
1973 a majority of voters elected to
stay within the United Kingdom however
the IRA movement has been reluctant to
stop terrorist actions in 2014 alone
there were roughly seven bombing
incidents attributed to IRA groups if
you're interested in learning more about
Ireland and standing in the world check
out our video on how powerful is Ireland
it's up next just how powerful is
Ireland
well the island of Ireland is that third
largest in Europe after Great Britain
and Iceland however there are actually
two separate Ireland's on the 32 and a
half thousand square mile landmass
thanks for watching test-tube news
please subscribe now so you do not miss
a single story
