in the 1990s a California survey found
that women pay an extra 1351 dollars per
year due to gender discriminatory
pricing subsequent initiatives like the
gender tax repeal Act of 1995 have aimed
to eliminate this discrepancy
so does it still cost more to be a woman
well the trip to your local drugstore
can show you firsthand that the pay tax
still exists in 2015 a male and female
reporter from Mike comm teamed up to buy
very similar but gender specific razors
shaving cream deodorant moisturizer and
body wash the man spent 37 dollars and
42 cents the woman paid 40 2.69 cents
that's a difference of five dollars
which over time obviously can add up the
same gender discriminatory pricing
towards items like these was also
noticed in a 2010 consumer report in a
2011 study by the University of Central
Florida
the latter study suggested that women do
tend to pay more than men for certain
types of services and products
especially those that provide the most
visible evidence of generating the body
and it's not just at the pharmacy female
haircuts at the beauty salon women
shirts at the dry cleaners women shoes
women's car payments and even women's
health insurance can all be priced
significantly higher than their male
counterparts in 2012 CNN reported that
Florida women could pay an extra 1141
dollars per year in health insurance
premiums in 2014 Obamacare laws banned
gender discrimination in health
insurance before that time 42 states
allowed women to be charged higher
premiums
simply on the basis of gender in 2011
the European Union banned gender
discriminate pricing for life and auto
insurance and in 2014 Frances finance
ministry pledged to investigate claims
of being visible women's tax on certain
products like shampoos and razor
princess secretary of state of women's
right supported the investigation
tweeting is pink a luxury color in
Australia a good and Services Tax which
applies to tampon purchases but not
condoms has been in practice for 15
years
presently there's been a push to scrap
the tampon tax many consider sanitary
napkins to be an essential health good
which should be exempt from the 10%
price increase while there are a few
examples of man taxes out there and most
notably for auto insurance women do seem
to more often experience subtly higher
prices now whether these prices are the
result of a larger picture of gender and
equality in the world is up for debate
but many reporters have noted that it's
frustrating for women to have this kind
of added taxation to their purchases
when they are already paid less than men
for similar work across the globe if
you're interested in the world of
science be sure to check out our new
show test-tube 101 we'll be answering
tons of science questions and short fun
videos every single day
make sure to subscribe and let us know
if you've got questions of your own
we're listening thanks for watching
