in June 2015 New York State Senate
passed a new Good Samaritan Law the law
protects those who would break the
window of a hot car to save a child Good
Samaritan laws around the world offer
different protections in different
situations so what exactly are Good
Samaritan laws well essentially the law
gives legal protection from being
prosecuted to those who attempt to help
people that are injured or in danger the
idea is that in some cases people may
think twice about assisting others if
potentially threatened with a lawsuit
these laws are found around the world
however some countries have caveats
concerning the situations in which they
apply in many countries Good Samaritan
laws simply protect the intervening
party as well as any medical
professionals however not all parts of
those countries have similar laws for
example certain regions of Canada such
as New Brunswick don't have Good
Samaritan laws but in Quebec by
standards are legally required to step
in and help this is called a duty to
rescue this concept means that if you're
near somebody who needs help you are
required to step in or call the police
duty to rescue is found in Germany
Israel and parts of the United States in
fact Israel even offers compensation to
rescuers and pays for any damages
incurred while in Germany refusing to
assist can be punishable by law in the
US all but eight states have Good
Samaritan laws for individuals and to
have a duty to rescue
additionally some states apply the
concept of imminent peril this means
that one is not protected under these
laws if the person they are trying to
help is not immediately facing
significant danger injury or death a
common example is somebody who suffers a
car accident and is forcibly removed
from the vehicle by a Good Samaritan if
there is nothing demanding immediate
attention like the car being on fire
then the Good Samaritan is not protected
by Good Samaritan laws this is to avoid
situations where injured people are
inadvertently injured further on the
flip side countries with no protections
have disastrous cultural results China
is well known for situations where goods
Americans are sued by the people they
help this has led to a phenomenon of
bystanders outright refusing to assist
those in immediate peril one
particularly gruesome case was in 2011
when a toddler was struck by two
vehicles the video shows a teen
bystanders walk past the injured child
lying motionless but they do nothing to
help them in a survey taken later that
year more than 70 percent of those
polled believe that the bystanders were
afraid of getting in trouble for trying
to help the little girl as a global
society intended to help each other in
times of need Good Samaritan laws
prevent a chilling effect on this normal
human behavior the idea that one should
fear retribution for offering assistance
and potentially saving a life has no
place in modern society if you want to
dive deeper into the world of
complicated legal and health-related
issues check out our video here about
the debate over assisted suicide the
patient has to give two verbal requests
and one written request they also have
to be at least 18 a resident of that
state and have a terminal illness that
two doctors agree will lead to death
within six months please remember to
subscribe so you don't miss any of our
daily videos and thanks for watching
