in June 2015 a Louisiana judge ordered
the release of Albert Woodfox after 43
years of solitary confinement he is a
United States longest confined prisoner
and one of the Angola 3 a group accused
of killing a prison guard in 1972
extended isolation has been widely
condemned by human rights groups and
considered harmful and unnecessary yet
many prisons across America still
practice it so what does America's
solitary confinement look like
well first solitary confinement is when
prisoners are put into a small isolated
cell and denied physical and social
contact for 22 to 24 hours a day the
cells have no windows only fluorescent
lights and food is delivered twice daily
through a slot in the door
often this method of detention is used
when a prisoner is dangerous to himself
and/or others or is suspected to be in a
game sometimes prisoners in danger of
being killed such as child molesters or
police informants are put into solitary
confinement under protective custody
in California prisoners who break the
rules by having more than $5 or
tattooing supplies can be indefinitely
put into isolation currently as many as
80,000 prisoners are thought to be in
solitary confinement in at least 44
states this includes a large percentage
of juvenile offenders on New York's
Rikers Island prison nearly 15% of
juveniles are held in isolation at some
point or another with an average day of
43 days a number of UN bodies have
stated that keeping minors in solitary
is cruel inhumane and degrading some
prisons called supermax prisons are
designed to separate out the worst of
the worst prisoners in California's
Pelican Bay prisoners spend an average
of six point eight years in isolation
and some have spent decades alone a 2003
Human Rights Watch report found that
one-third to one-half of all prisoners
in solitary confinement had some form of
mental illness and since the late 19th
century the US Supreme Court has
admitted that keeping prisoners in
solitary confinement can cause symptoms
of mental illness and reduces physical
and mental capacity by comparison the UK
only holds about 500 prisoners in
solitary at any one time and many are
kept there for
less than a full day additionally
third-party volunteers monitor isolation
conditions to make sure they are not
unreasonably cruel the unnecessary cost
and damage caused by solitary
confinement has long been known solitary
confinement costs about three times more
per prisoner than keeping them with the
other inmates and studies have shown
that it does not improve inmate behavior
this cruel and ineffective method of
punishment has been condemned even by
the UN's torture Commission so when it
comes to solitary confinement it's hard
to make an argument for its continued
use it's no big surprise that being
isolated completely from human contact
can have some deleterious mental effects
to learn exactly what it does to your
brain
check out this interesting video from
dnews in socially isolated mice the
researchers found that the production of
that enzyme was reduced by 50% which
could mean more stressful hormones in
the brain another study in the journal
Nature Neuroscience found changes in the
prefrontal cortex of socially isolated
mice thanks for watching and we'll see
you again tomorrow
