in late May 2015 a Muslim woman on a
United Airlines flight was refused a can
of soda under the justification that she
would use it as a weapon reportedly a
fellow passenger insulted her faith and
told her to shut up when she complained
in February multiple Muslim students
were murdered by a self-professed anti
religion advocate which has been widely
considered a hate crime furthermore anti
Islam groups have been sponsoring
Islamophobic advertisements on buses
describing Muslims as savages these
examples are the latest in a long line
of discrimination against Muslims in the
United States so is the u.s. actually
Islamophobic well religious
discrimination in America is nothing new
statistics show that between 1996 and
2006 a yearly and consistent average of
1,000 hate crimes were committed against
Jews and about 100 hate crimes were
committed against Catholics and
Protestants however up until the year
2001 attacks against Muslims numbered in
the tens and 20s in the year 2001 alone
mostly in the months following the
September 11th terrorist attacks hate
crimes against Muslims increased by 1600
percent although attacks on Muslims
dropped by 2/3 the following year the
average rate of hate crime is still five
to six times that of pre 9/11 figures
some have suggested that large global
events especially terror attacks tend to
spike the number of quote retaliatory
attacks following the 2015 Charlie Hebdo
shooting more than 50 anti-muslim
attacks occurred in France in a single
week
this phenomenon even predates 9/11
following the 1995 Oklahoma City
bombings by two white Americans not of
Islamic faith early blame was placed on
Muslim terrorists in the three days
after the attack over 200 serious hate
crimes were committed against Arabs and
Muslims in the United States a further
feature of Islamophobia is the lack of a
distinction between Arabs and Muslims
many groups with a similar cultural
appearance like Sikhs have also been
attacked on the uninformed basis of
appearing to be Muslim the sort of broad
strokes discrimination has even led to
the phrase flying while Muslim to
describe the racial profiling experience
by those of Middle Eastern descent
following 911 in multiple cases Muslims
have been removed from flights
ostensibly because their appearance and
behavior were cause for concern
some conservatives like Ann Coulter have
even controversially stated that Muslim
passengers should be expected to deal
with a greater scrutiny and suspicion as
a result of global terrorism after Jews
Muslims are the most discriminated
against religious group in the United
States although the number of anti
Islamic attacks have dropped in recent
years they are still disproportionately
high despite more than a decade having
passed since the September 11th terror
attacks the evidence does suggest that
Islamophobia has dramatically increased
throughout the United States the US
isn't the only country that's been
criticized for Islamophobia in recent
years to learn about the situation in
France check out our video here there
have been numerous instances in which
mosques were defaced shot at or bombed
the question is are these isolated
incidents or does France have an issue
with Islam thank you for watching
test-tube please subscribe for more of
our videos every day
