recent reports suggests that Syrian
government forces are actively helping
Isis as the terrorist group spreads
through the war-torn nation with the
country in a total state of chaos and
Bashar al-assad taking widely condemned
military action against his citizens
Syria has been named the most violent
country in the world
so how powerful is Syria well even
before the start of the ongoing 2011
civil war Syria was already a pretty bad
place to live since 1963 the country has
been non democratically ruled by the
Assad family with no constitutional
protections for their citizens under a
form of martial law the dramatic shift
caused by the Arab Spring and leading to
the civil war has had significant
repercussions in what the UN has called
one of the world's biggest humanitarian
emergencies of our era the war forced
the evacuation and displacement of
almost half the country's 18 million
residents of them 6.5 million have been
forced out of their homes about 3
million have fled outside the country
and nearly 200,000 have been killed
between March 2011 and April 2014
before the war Syria was mostly an oil
country with petroleum accounting for
nearly half of its exports however even
then its GDP was only about 60 billion
dollars and ranked around 70th in the
world since the start of the war Syria
has been hit by a number of economic
sanctions by the u.s. the EU and the
Arab League and its exports have fallen
close to zero
besides the war the country is running
into declining oil production high
unemployment unequal supply and demand
of water and unsustainable population
growth a recent report said that it
would take series three decades to
rebuild their meager economy after the
end of the conflict Syria's military has
also taken a huge hit even though their
forces our staff through conscription
the number of enlisted members has
dropped by 55% from 325 to 150,000 many
have been killed or have left the
country this has resulted in a campaign
to force those who have finished their
military service back into duty or else
risk in
the country's problems have only been
exacerbated by the presence of Isis
which has captured a number of Syrian
cities in oil fields and diverted much
of the country's wealth and resources
onto themselves with these new
allegations that Bashar al-assad has
been helping Isis Syria's power has some
terrifying implications so how powerful
is Syria well powerful enough to destroy
its own population and economy and serve
as a breeding ground for the violently
powerful terrorist state if you want to
understand more of Assad's role in all
of us make sure you check out our full
video there's a link in there at the top
of the description although most of the
Arab League along with the US and EU
have demanded that Assad step down as
president he instead ran for a third
term in 2014 thanks for watching
test-tube
don't forget to subscribe and let us
know what you'd like us to cover next
