Australia's Aboriginal people have faced
extreme historical persecution so much
so that in 1998 Australia implemented an
annual national sorry Day this holiday
serves as a form of recompense and it
raises awareness of indigenous
populations so who are Australia's
Aboriginal people
well Australia is home to many different
indigenous populations they include the
we're a jury and New South Wales and the
Noongar in Western Australia
Aboriginal populations are often grouped
together and refer to as Aborigines
however some consider that term
pejorative instead legally the native
populations of Australia are referred to
as aboriginals and Torres Strait
Islanders some also prefer regional
terms like ku arey in New South Wales or
Murray in Queensland recently a genetic
study found that native Australian
peoples may have left Africa up to
75,000 years ago likely representing one
of the oldest continuous populations
outside Africa for centuries they
thrived in Australia usually in nomadic
societies some developed distinct tools
like the boomerang used for hunting and
the didgeridoo a musical instrument
which is still popular today their
extensive legends and oral traditions
are sometimes referred to as dream and
help explain their way of life and the
world around them by the time Europeans
first established a colony in Australia
in 1788 native populations were thought
to number around 300,000 and there have
been an estimated 300 different
Aboriginal languages spoken however with
the subsequent colonization of Australia
new diseases violence spurred by racism
and oppressive land-use policies
devastated many of the traditional
societies currently Aboriginal people
account for just 3% of the Australian
population only about 75 Aboriginal
languages still remain and many are in
danger of dying out completely up until
several decades ago aboriginals and
Torres Strait Islanders faced extreme
racism and government encroachment on
their territories many were not given
Australian citizenship nor federal
suffrage until the mid 20th century also
during that time the Australian
Government support
at forcibly taking Aboriginal children
away from their parents the reason for
such policies varied but many claimed it
was for child protection and we
socialization the children taken away
from their homes were eventually known
as The Stolen Generation and they were
raised to be domestic servants and
laborers the government has since
formally apologized for their part in
creating the stolen generation and
national sari day is specifically in
honor of them although in modern times
there has been a huge change in the
government's attitudes towards
Aboriginal people high rates of
unemployment poverty crime and health
problems for the populations persist
Aboriginal representation in the
Australian Government also remains low
and even today land disputes between
indigenous groups and the government are
ongoing for a different perspective on
the country of Australia make sure you
check out our video on how powerful a
player it is on the world stage
Australia is strong but it's not a
global force the nation is surrounded by
water which is patrolled by the
Australian Defence Force the largest
military in Oceania there's a link to
that video in the description below
thanks for watching test-tube please
subscribe so you don't miss a single
video
