hey there test-tube news fans we are
approaching a half a million subscribers
and we're planning something special for
all of you out there it's a video that
quite a few of you have asked for will
release it as soon as we hit 500,000
subscribers so help us out spread the
word and thank you for watching
test-tube news as always on June 3rd
2015 the global policing organization
Interpol issued an arrest warrant for
six FIFA officials on charges of
corruption but on whose authority can
they issue a warrant
what exactly is Interpol and how much
power do they have well despite their
name which is short for the
International Criminal Police
organization the agency doesn't actually
engage in typical physical police work
there are no law enforcement agents of
Interpol and they aren't authorized to
make arrests they take more of a
background role and help National Police
Department's connect internationally and
compiled data with main headquarters in
Lyon France Interpol has about 650 staff
members hailing from 89 different
countries
applications for employment are accepted
from all over the world in their actions
pertaining to the FIFA scandal Interpol
compiled several country's criminal
complaints subsequently they issued a
global arrest warrant or red notice on
behalf of those countries suspects
who've been issued a red notice are
compiled in a database that is
accessible to local police forces local
police can then be given the authority
by a judge to make a provisional arrest
at the very least they can alert
Interpol so that the suspect may
eventually be extradited many nations
first saw a need for this kind of
worldwide police agency after the turn
of the 20th century increased
globalization and growing populations
necessitated a neutral agency they could
pursue criminals across political
borders originally this was left to the
1923 International Criminal Police
but during World War two that was
co-opted by the Nazis and dissolved
however by 1956 a new modern version of
Interpol was chartered as of 2015 nearly
all countries in the world are included
in Interpol to this day Interpol is
expressly forbidden from taking part in
quote activities of a political military
religious or racial character in
particular Interpol focuses on
prosecuting terrorism human rights
violations genocides organized crime the
trafficking of drugs or weapons and a
number of other widespread criminal
endeavors so how much authority does
Interpol actually wield well they're not
a traditional police force but Interpol
does serve as a useful regulatory
authority by linking up police liaisons
around the world if you're interested in
learning more about how the world fights
crime check out our video here about how
all countries can help each other
prosecute criminals a strict Middle
Eastern nation would have a hard time
trying to extradite a woman in Canada
for disobeying Sharia law thanks again
for watching test-tube news we'll see
you next time and please subscribe
