in May of 2015
Ireland became the latest country to
legalize same-sex marriage and the first
to do so by popular vote but are they
influential enough in the rest of the
world to affect global change just how
powerful is Ireland
well the island of Ireland is the third
largest in Europe after Great Britain
and Iceland however there are actually
two separate Ireland's on the 32 and a
half thousand square mile landmass
Northern Ireland and the Republic of
Ireland now technically if Northern
Ireland is not an independent state and
actually belongs to the United Kingdom
so we're going to focus on the Republic
of Ireland which makes up nearly 85
percent of the island and hosts some
four point eight million residents
that's roughly the same size as West
Virginia but with two and a half times
the population despite the comparatively
large population Ireland is actually one
of the richest countries in the world
per capita they're nearly on par with
the United States and significantly
wealthier than their neighbors in the UK
like many wealthy countries Ireland
ranks high on the Human Development
Index and number 11 their sandwich just
between Denmark and Sweden and as you
might be able to tell from their recent
same-sex marriage referendum they're
also a fairly progressive country with
high marks for civil liberties human
rights and a freedom of the press as a
matter of fact in 2005 Ireland was
deemed to have the highest quality of
light in the world although following
the subsequent global recession they
dropped to number 12 in 2013 part of
their wealth comes from being one of the
largest pharmaceutical and medical
supply exporters in the world and with
an extremely low corporate tax rate many
multinational companies especially those
from the US take full advantage of
Ireland semi tax haven status but when
it comes to their military Ireland Falls
to the bottom of the list with less than
10,000 active personnel and a defence
budget of less than half a percent of
their GDP Ireland doesn't even rank in
most military comparisons they're less
equipped than Somalia
besides UN peacekeeping missions the
Irish military is mostly responsible for
protecting the --use fishing industry
but their nearly non-existent military
is intentional since the 1930s Ireland
has been steadfastly neutral in
geopolitics as a result they've refused
to join NATO or take part
any armed conflicts still Irish
residents are allowed to join foreign
militaries leading to Irish battalions
and unlikely places throughout history
this neutral stands at lack of a
sizeable military doesn't mean that
Ireland is defenseless they're one of
the early countries to join the EU and
we're a founding member of both the
Council of Europe and the organization
of Economic Cooperation and Development
that's not to mention they're close and
Inter familiar ties with the UK and the
US as a matter of fact there are seven
times more Irish people in the United
States than there are in Ireland and the
Irish make up 10% of the US population
having that kind of connection with the
most powerful military in the world
means they can easily get away with
skimping on military spending to focus
on what raise them so highly elsewhere
so how powerful is Ireland well besides
giving the world st. Patrick's Day
Guinness and medical surprise the power
is mostly self-contained if you're
interested in learning more about how
powerful the United Kingdom is make sure
to check out our full video right here a
mass decolonization ensued with Britain
granting independence to nearly all of
their territories including the release
of Hong Kong as recently as 1997 thanks
as always for watching and please
subscribe for more test-tube
