recently Senator Rand Paul almost
single-handedly forced the expiration of
the NSA's warrantless surveillance
he's known Filipina clashes with both
Republicans and Democrats in the Senate
and is the son of famed libertarian Ron
Paul but how much do we really know
about this Kentucky Senator slash
position who is Rand Paul well Paul's
fed the first part of his life growing
up in Texas and studying to be an
ophthalmologist but after starting his
medical practice Paul's political
activism as inspired by his father led
him to win a Senate seat in 2010 his
rapid political rise was largely
generated by Tea Party support and
subsequently he formed the tea party
caucus within the Senate his time in
office has been marked by criticism of
NSA spying and multiple filibuster
attempts however his reputation has been
marred by frequent instances of
plagiarism in his books and speeches but
what is most interesting about Paul is
how a typical his ideological stances
are when compared to his congressional
peers he identifies as republican but is
best described as a tea party
libertarian Paul pushes for smaller
government and stronger constitutional
rights as a fiscal conservative he's a
proponent of lower taxes and less
government spending and like his father
he disapproved of the 2008 bank bailouts
and the Federal Reserve his most popular
positions revolve around supporting a
right to privacy this is evident in his
opposition to the USA PATRIOT Act and
the TSA is invasive practices which he
says is a victory for terrorists not
Americans he also protested the National
Defense Authorization Act on the basis
that it allowed for the indefinite
detainment of US citizens without due
process socially if he is more
conservative but with a state's right
slant although he opposes abortion in
same-sex marriage he believes it should
be left to the state to decide he also
opposes the militarization of police and
says that they disproportionately target
African Americans however he has been
criticized for disagreeing with part of
the Civil Rights Act and voting against
the Employment non-discrimination Act
which increased protections for sexual
orientation and gender identity
like his father Rand Paul openly opposes
the US as policy in the
nice saying we should avoid dictating
policy in other countries he is pointing
to the rise of Isis as a result of US
intervention and wants to lift the Cuba
embargo however he is less isolationist
than his father saying we shouldn't keep
options available to intervene
he's also controversially suggested that
Dick Cheney exploited the events
following September 11th in order to
make money for his oil company
Halliburton all in all poles conflicting
relationship with Washington has painted
him as a black sheep but his consistent
ideological track record as well as the
general public's distaste for Congress
may significantly increase his appeal in
the 2016 presidential election we've got
a full playlist of the 2016 presidential
hopefuls on our channel if you want to
get to know the group of them check it
out right here and if you want to learn
more about the world every single day
make sure you subscribe thanks for
watching test-tube
