every year on June 4th
thousands of people rally throughout
China in remembrance of the 1989 violent
government crackdown to this day the
Chinese government refuses to
acknowledge viven and any information
about it is blocked from the internet
and public record so what happened
here's a timeline of the chairman Square
massacre Chinese Cultural Revolution
leads to the persecution of millions and
encourages a cult of personality around
communist leader Mao Zedong a publicly
progressive but politically
controversial official who you bang dies
subsequent memorials become hotbeds of
citizen dissatisfaction with a communist
regime an editorial in the official
Communist Party newspaper seeks to end
student protests by warning that they
are detrimental to the success of the
country the editorial backfires and
strengthens the resolve of protest
groups kahneman Square draws an
estimated 1.2 million people for an
anti-government rally in response the
government imposes martial law soldiers
open fire on unarmed student protesters
the death toll is disputed for
unofficial estimates place it as high as
several thousand about 10,000 protesters
are arrested Chinese tanks make their
way down the middle of Tiananmen Square
and are stopped by an unidentified man
standing in front of them his actions
are still used to represent non-violent
government rebellion it's been 26 years
since the 1989 Tiananmen Square violence
and there are still protests happening
against the Chinese government the 2011
pro-democracy protests and the 2014
riots in Hong Kong served to illustrate
how China's current popular unrest
mirrors and builds of the same
foundation that was created by the
students of the 1989 protests to learn
just how bad censorship in China is take
a look at our full video here thanks for
watching test-tube news please subscribe
so you don't miss a single video
