Republican ex senator Rick Santorum is
one of the more polarizing social
conservatives in the 2016 presidential
election even within his own party but
what makes him so controversial
who exactly is Rick Santorum if Rick
Santorum's name sounds familiar it's
probably because he's been in the public
eye since the early 1990s and most
recently he ran for president in 2012
Santorum's career took off when he was
elected into the House of
Representatives in 1990 he along with
John Boehner and five other Republican
freshmen representatives were known as
the gang of seven they forced the house
to investigate claims that certain
members were over drafting their
congressional bank accounts this led to
Republican control of the house by 1994
the following year Santorum was elected
into the US Senate where he gained
notoriety for supporting a bill that
would limit employers from preventing
religious expression in the workplace he
also created the Santorum amendment
which proposed including intelligent
design in school curriculums alongside
evolution then in 2012 he ran for
president and nearly beat out MIT Romney
for the nomination his views are fairly
in line with socially conservative
religious values but his most
controversial opinions are on the topic
of homosexuality in 2003 he supported
criminalizing all homosexual activity
and compared it to bestiality this drew
the ire of LGBT columnist dan savage who
campaigned for the redefinition of the
word Santorum to mean something pretty
gross you can google it if you're
curious I'm not gonna tell you he twice
voted against adding sexual orientation
to the definition of a hate crime and he
also opposes all pornography which he
has said contributes to violence against
women and the corruption of children on
a related issue Santorum opposes the
idea of right to privacy and campaigned
against issuing contraceptives to
married couples furthermore he has voted
in favor of a constitutional amendment
banning flag desecration and supported
loosening cell phone wiretap
restrictions
he is anti-abortion and has supported
hiv/aids assistance as well as
financially assisting low-income family
and children he opposes amnesty for
undocumented immigrants but also opposes
legal immigration as well and he
believes that English should be the
official u.s. language Santorum like
many of his conservative peers hates
Obama care and once compared it to
apartheid in South Africa he also claims
that man-made climate change is junk
science and suggested that global
warming is they left-wing conspiracy to
increase government control he promises
to drill everywhere for oil and claims
that there are enough fossil fuels to
last centuries contrary to scientific
opinion Santorum has generated a good
deal of weight within the religious
social conservative community and an
equal amount of vitriol among left and
centrist voters whether you can close
the gap for the Republican nomination is
yet to be seen
to find out more about Santorum's
competition for the 2016 presidential
election you can check out our other
political profiles on Jeb Bush or Marco
Rubio as always thanks so much for
watching and please make sure to LIKE
and subscribe
