capitalism is one of the most
universally loved and hated economic
social systems but where did it come
from since about the 14th century modern
capitalism has been rapidly expanding
its reach some would say that it has
become a necessary competitive tool
within a global economy and point to its
success as a productive and innovative
system others say that capitalism and
result causes class inequality worker
exploitation and stifles freedom maybe
they're both right but what exactly is
capitalism
simply put capitalism is a social and
economic system where both the means of
production and any associated trade are
privately owned this isn't the end-all
be-all definition of capitalism but it
does illustrate its tenets as opposed to
other systems like socialism communism
fascism and a bunch of other isms
generally societies tend to be mixtures
of different systems and pretty much
every country is a mixture so why is
capitalism so pervasive well
capitalism grew directly out of failed
middle-age feudalism think of feudalism
as a lot of tiny dictatorships the Lord
to an own land and set the rules serfs
would live on that land and work the
farms in exchange for protection by the
Lord but since each system was
self-contained neither the Lord nor the
serfs had any incentive to work harder
than they had to a serf could never
surpass the Lord and everyone was
essentially set for life in short
feudalism meant that there was no
financial competition and without
competition there was no reason to
innovate technology or improve their
society so when the serfs finally had
enough of being self-sufficient slaves
and revolted it left a new class of
farmers competing with each other to
sell the crops they had previously
exchanged for land and protection this
was the birth of modern-day capitalist
markets and the quote almighty dollar
which allowed search to become lords
themselves if they were competitive
enough in the marketplace in turn lords
would pay their workers instead of
offering housing and protection
transforming a collective into a system
of individual self responsibility
after entering the socio-economic system
capitalism spread like wildfire and
became a part of nearly every country's
policy-making process even materially
poor third-world countries unable to
establish free markets or private
ownership strive for capitalist policy
to find out why capitalism became so
attractive and pervasive check out part
2 of this video if you're interested in
fully participating in the test-tube
community make sure you join us on
Facebook and Twitter we're always on the
lookout for new ideas and we'd love to
hear yours as always thanks for watching
and make sure you subscribe to catch
part 2 coming later today
