on Wednesday May 20th US Senator Rand
Paul began a 10-hour speech on the
Senate floor which many referred to as a
filibuster the long debate centered on
the topic of NSA spying and was intended
to delay the upcoming extension of the
Patriot Act but besides garnering media
attention filibusters seem like a waste
of time so what is a filibuster exactly
well that is what they are a waste of
time basically a filibuster is any
procedural action that delays a vote in
the Senate the most well known examples
of filibusters are when a senator or
group of senators takes the Senate floor
for a speech and does not yield it until
three-fifths of the Senate agree to end
that filibuster what this essentially
means is that instead of a bill passing
by a simple majority of 51 any senator
can pause a bill's passage until 60
senators agree to end the filibuster
this is called cloture filibusters are
particularly useful for bills that are
expected to pass by a narrow margin or
which are especially controversial
however a senator does not actually have
to take the floor or even make
themselves known in order to start a
filibuster just the threat of a
filibuster is enough to force a vote to
see if they can gather a potential
cloture or the 60 senators to oppose it
if a senator does decide to take the
floor there are rules they must follow
for the filibuster to be considered
active they have to stay standing the
whole time and they cannot leave the
Senate floor
they cannot consume anything except for
water or milk and they can't leave to go
to the bathroom the only way to catch a
break is to yield time to a supporting
senator who will in turn ask a long
question
while the original senator then takes
care of personal business one example of
a successful filibuster was in 1946 when
a number of senators delayed the passage
of an anti-discrimination bill and the
bill's supporters were unable to gather
enough senators to call for a cloture
this meant that the only way to end the
filibuster and get back to work was to
drop the bill from consideration so the
bill was abandoned another example and
perhaps the most famous one was when
South Carolina Strom Thurmond took the
floor for more than 24 hours against the
seven Civil Rights Act despite being the
longest individual filibuster ever the
bill still ended up passing after he was
done now technically since Senator Paul
ended his speech before midnight it
wasn't actually a filibuster because it
didn't delay any Senate business and
wasn't during a debate about the Patriot
Act itself May 20th was a waiting period
for a trade agreement so no actual
business was disrupted however in terms
of garnering media attention and
cementing a talking point for the 2016
elections this filibuster certainly
served its purpose
filibustering is an important if
controversial part of our political
process to find out about another
controversial process known as lobbying
check out our video here so how is it
that one of our most politically
influential groups is also one of the
least trustworthy let's start by looking
at what lobbying actually is and as
always thank you for watching test-tube
make sure you subscribe so that you get
all of our videos
