within the next 50 years many of the
islands that make up the nations of
Kiribati and the Maldives may be
completely underwater
additionally in just a hundred to three
hundred years Venice could be completely
submerged along with major parts of
Amsterdam
Miami and New Orleans so what is the
world doing about rising sea levels well
unfortunately not that much in 2013 the
world pumped out a record 35 point 3
billion tons of co2 since pre-industrial
times the co2 concentration in the
atmosphere has risen by 40 percent most
scientists agree that this is eroding
the Earth's ozone layer exposing it to
harmful UV rays and increasing insula
Torrey gases overall the earth is
getting hotter the polar ice caps are
melting and international sea levels are
rising China the United States and India
are the world's largest polluters but
for years they have been reticent to cut
back on their fossil fuel industries
what cutbacks they have agreed to have
been unenforced and often ignored the
Kyoto Protocol of 1997 established
target emission reductions for major
countries yet the United States refused
to ratify it and China and India were
ultimately exempt from making emission
cuts due to their developing nation
status in recent years some slowly
sinking countries have taken legal
action against major contributors to
global warming in 2002 the island nation
of Tuvalu threatened to bring charges
against the US and Australia for their
roles in climate change in 2011
Palau announced that it would also seek
legal counsel from the International
Court of Justice for similar reasons
even in the Netherlands which is another
nation at risk for flooding some 900
people recently signed a petition to sue
the Dutch government for pollution but
our lawsuit is really going to work well
some Islanders allege that other
polluting nations are violating a legal
precedent established by the United
Nations known as the no harm rule this
principle obligates a nation to prevent
reduce and control the risk of
environmental harm to other states
however it's proven difficult to sue
countries for climate change harm from
rising sea levels is you
indirect unintentional and hard to pin
on just a few nations still some lawsuit
threats have garnered lots of media
attention and increased public awareness
the next UN conference on climate change
is in late 2015 global warming activists
are expected to be there in full force a
new legally binding agreement between
all nations is the ambitious goal for
the upcoming convention and until an
agreement is reached
rising sea levels will be an unabated
threat to many seafront communities one
element of the rising sea level problem
is the melting of our planet's ice
sheets to learn why these behemoths of
ice are so crucial to our planets
ecosystems check out this video from
dnews but if you're worried about a
future water world you should be worried
about ice sheets melting ice sheets sit
on top of land and formed when snow that
falls during the winter doesn't melt and
with enough time and enough snow these
layers stack up and form a big thick
sheet the two main ice sheets are the
Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets which
together contain where the 99% of the
freshwater on earth there's a link to
that video in the description below if
you're on your phone thanks for watching
and don't forget to subscribe
