the country of Greece is in major
financial trouble which is seriously
affecting all of Europe their threat to
leave the eurozone which could create
another major recession has made some
question whether the interconnectedness
of the European Union is ultimately
beneficial to its members so is it worth
to be in the EU
well the EU is an international group
composed of 28 European Member States it
originated as an economic cooperative in
the 1950s between six nations Belgium
France Italy Luxembourg the Netherlands
and Germany back then in the post-world
War two ERA Europe saw a need for a
federation to promote peace and unity
they also wanted to present a collective
front against the threat of communism
during the Cold War in 1993 the European
Union as we now know it emerged and
offered all EU citizens a common visa a
common legislative and judicial body and
common voting rights later in the 90s a
common currency the euro was also
established between many of the European
Union members between 1989 and 2014 the
European Union flourished so much so
that their combined population ranks
them third in the world after China and
India the EU is currently one of the top
world economies with almost 16 trillion
dollars in GDP and in 2012 the EU won
the Nobel Peace Prize for its
transformation of Europe from a
continent of war to a continent of peace
but the 2008 recession put a huge damper
on the EU success for the last decade or
so Greece Italy Spain Ireland and
Portugal have faced unprecedented levels
of unemployment and public debt many of
these nations are also in the midst of a
migrant crisis as record numbers of
people across the Mediterranean to enter
Europe the EU has been criticised for
not issuing enough aid to these
periphery countries also many feel that
EU leaders concentrate policymaking
efforts only on thriving economies like
those of Germany and France
indiscriminate austerity measures tend
to harm those countries with weaker
economies plus after most members
adopted the euro to replace their own
currency nations are no longer able
to temporarily inflate their worth
through currency manipulation on the
other hand stronger economies are
expected to subsidize the welfare of
weaker countries leading to resentments
between member states several analysts
have already published articles
lamenting the failure of the quote
European Union experiment so is the EU
worth it
well Pew polls in Europe have revealed
mixed feelings from the public toward
the EU on the one hand many people feel
that the EU is inefficient and intrusive
but on the other hand most want to keep
using the euro and believe that the EU
does in general promote peace despite
setbacks from the 2008 recession the
European Union remains an influential
presence in the world experts note that
with the trend of globalization
international unions of this nature are
both necessary and inevitable for the
world's future although ties with the EU
have been increasing since the fall of
the Soviet Union
Ukraine is not a member state to learn
about the violent riots that broke out
in Kiev after a deal fell through take a
look at this amazing story on this
happen here this is one of those photos
where I can't look away the combination
of the burning tires the billowing
clouds of smoke and the overall
apocalyptic atmosphere really draws me
in thanks for watching test-tube and
don't forget to subscribe
you
