in May 2015 the New York Times released
an investigation of abhorrent working
conditions in nail salons this led to
the governor of New York taking quick
steps to root out and shut down
offending salons sometimes journalism
doesn't just report on an issue but
changes the issue itself with the rise
of blogging clickbait and low effort
journalism it might be worthwhile to
look at some reporters who changed the
course of history probably the most
famous instance was the Washington Post
coverage of the Watergate scandal by
reporters Bob Woodward and Carl
Bernstein in the early 1970s following
an otherwise inconsequential office
break-in it was discovered that
President Richard Nixon's reelection
campaign had wiretap the offices of the
Democratic National Convention Woodward
and Bernstein used an anonymous source
in the FBI nicknamed deep throat to
report on the subsequent cover-up by the
president and his staff their articles
eventually led to Nixon's disgrace and
resignation as well as a spike in
applications to journalism schools
another important journalist of that era
was Seymour Hersh in 1969 he exposed a
massacre of civilians by American
soldiers during the Vietnam War as well
as its cover-up his work led to a
significant shift in public perceptions
about the war around the world and
heavily contributed to the u.s. peace
movement his later works on the
mistreatment of Abu Ghraib prisoners and
an alternate account of the way Osama
bin Laden was killed have also garnered
substantial attention in the 80s
reporter Randy Shilts began writing
about the AIDS epidemic in San Francisco
the gravity of his work shifted HIV and
AIDS from a little-known and
misunderstood disease into a relevant
and important public issue his articles
have been considered to be some of the
top works of journalism in the United
States most recently the work of Glenn
Greenwald via Edward Snowden exposed the
NSA's global surveillance programs these
revelations have led to a large negative
shift in both the public perception of
the US government as well as
international politics leaders like
Angela Merkel of Germany have allegedly
had their personal phones wiretapped
and provoked subsequent investigations
into the scope of the surveillance today
widespread internet access means that
issues can be more readily
influenced by the media surrounding them
recent stories about teachers cheating
on standardized tests Apple's
unsatisfactory work conditions and
Walmart's illegal spread through Mexico
have all led to policy changes and
government investigations without brave
journalists and newspapers willing to
publish them controversial and impactful
stories would otherwise be lost many
countries around the world have stamped
out press freedom and have incredibly
restrictive censorship laws check out
our video here to see a breakdown of who
they are the next worst offender is
North Korea information in the Hermit
Kingdom is known to be tightly
controlled and massively misinformed
thanks for watching test-tube and please
subscribe for all our latest videos
