murders violent crime robberies and even
extreme weather conditions are among
many factors that contribute to the
quote dangerousness of a city recently
the high crime city of Baltimore made
headlines after riots swept the area but
crime and other hazardous conditions
plagued countless other cities so we
wanted to know which are some of the
most dangerous cities in America this
episode is brought to you by aj+ over
the last few months we've been working
closely with our friends at aj+ and
today they invited us into their studios
so you can stay with us for more of
their coverage on the Baltimore riots
but back to the question which American
cities are the most dangerous well
according to the 2013 FBI statistics the
cities with the highest murder rates are
Detroit New Orleans Newark st. Louis and
Baltimore many of these cities also
ranked high in violent crime along with
Memphis and Milwaukee as well as robbery
with Cleveland and Oakland it's
important to note that many of the
cities with high crime rates are also
some of the nation's poorest many used
to be beacons for American blue-collar
industrial work and they have since
declined in productivity unemployment
and poverty levels in these cities are
usually well above the national average
many economists have noted that both
these factors often contribute to high
crime but criminal activity isn't the
only way to measure a city's
dangerousness severe weather conditions
can also pose threats according to the
Federal Highway Administration over a
million car accidents are caused by bad
weather conditions in cities like Boston
and Washington DC with severe snow and
rain during the winter fatal car
accidents are more common than in other
parts of the country also coastal cities
like Miami New Orleans and Houston
regularly experience deadly hurricanes
so really almost everywhere you go in
the United States be it Detroit or Miami
danger is present one final note about
ranking cities though according to the
crime statistics the FBI warns that
crime rates can often be misconstrued
without factoring in things like
population density and economic
conditions and although Baltimore is
making headlines is a high crime city
there is also evidence of new growth and
prosperity there however until
underlying factors behind crime
dressed like systemic poverty and high
unemployment rates there will always be
dangerous cities in the US if you want
to dig even deeper into the underlying
causes of the violence in Baltimore
check out this video from Dina at aj+
Dina was actually in our studios earlier
this week too so make sure you check out
her video about brazil's growing middle
class down below thanks for watching
