Baltimore Maryland in the United States
been a troubled city for decades
suffering from high rates of
unemployment poverty and crime recently
an unarmed african-american man named
Freddie gray died in Baltimore because
of alleged police brutality sparking
protests and riots when the dust settled
there had been a reported 144 vehicle
fires 15 building fires and 235 arrests
so what led up to this outburst of
violence why is Baltimore so troubled
well the city was a prosperous growing
town during the 1800s and early 1900s
but in the 50s growth stagnated
following the civil rights movement in
integration White's fled to the suburbs
which contributed to the ongoing racial
divide between neighborhoods from the
1960s until the 1990s city's high crime
rate was fueled by a massive heroin
trade the murder rate peaked in 1993
with over 350 killings for the year 2013
Baltimore had the fifth highest murder
rate in the nation according to the FBI
in the late 1990s funding and the number
of police were dramatically increased in
an attempt to combat the crime rate and
it worked the crime rate dropped
substantially in the 2000s however
during that time budget cuts were made
to social programs in the city something
postulated that the present lack of
community outreach combined with the
strength and police force are the
reasons why the crime rate has been
creeping back up today the poverty rate
of Baltimore is reportedly almost twenty
five percent which is well over the
national average of about fifteen
percent and reportedly nearly half of
all Baltimore residents over sixteen are
unemployed Baltimore may need to
re-evaluate the necessity of its social
programs and delivering aid to the poor
in order to combat its reputation as a
violent high crime city the Justice
Department is currently investigating
the death of Freddie gray and how the
Baltimore Police Department handles
crime in general ever wonder when police
in America are allowed to use lethal
force check out our video on the subject
right here most would argue that it
shouldn't happen at all which brings up
the question why are police allowed to
use lethal force if you aren't already
subscribed give it a click right now
there's also a link to that video in the
description thanks for watching
you
