in April 2015 the United Nations hosted
a meeting to discuss the use of armed
robots in combat many experts argued
that military robots can't tell the
difference between civilians and
soldiers and therefore may violate a
fundamental law of war so what are the
laws of war historians have observed
that as long as there has been war
there's been an effort to protect
non-combatants like women and children
this custom forms part of the basis for
our rules of war today the majority of
these rules were internationally
codified in the 19th and 20th centuries
during the Hague conventions and Geneva
Conventions nearly every country in the
world has pledged to abide by these
guidelines as the nature of war has
changed these rules have been regularly
updated in general the laws of war are
meant to protect civilians prisoners of
war the sick and the wounded
for example soldiers cannot target
civilians at all only other combatants
and they can't destroy civilian crops or
poison their drinking water soldiers
also may not torture prisoners of war
and must keep them alive giving them
food water and access to communication
with their families for the sick and
wounded on the battlefield soldiers must
allow doctors to rescue and treat people
from both sides
additionally the rules of war prohibit
the use of indiscriminate weapons like
land mines cluster bombs or chemical
weapons which cause suffering to
civilians and soldiers alike but there
are many complexities to modern warfare
that make the basic rules of war hard to
follow
for instance terrorists often disguise
themselves as civilians or use civilians
as human shields yet any opposing forces
must still fight legally and avoid
harming civilians experts have suggested
that the rules of war should change to
cope with modern terrorism hypocrisy
over the laws of war is also common the
United States was one of the major
contributors to The Hague and Geneva
Conventions yet they've commonly ignored
these rules in Abu Ghraib prison
suspected terrorists were tortured by
American officials which is a violation
of the detainees rights and the u.s.
also still uses landmines in the Korean
Demilitarized Zone as new methods of
warfare are being developed the
International laws of warfare must also
develop
it's likely that no war has been fought
fairly but at least with some basic
rules innocent casualties may be
minimized our friend Laura Ling has an
amazing firsthand story about what it is
like to be a prisoner of war in North
Korea
her story is both amazing and inspiring
it was the scariest time of my life I
was isolated in what is perhaps the most
isolated country in the world
check out that full video also in the
description and consider subscribing to
seeker for more just like it thank you
for watching test-tube
