on April 25th 2015 a magnitude 7.8
earthquake devastated the country of
Nepal in South Asia as of April 28th the
death toll has reached over 4,600 and
the number of injured continues to grow
Nepal's Prime Minister has warned that
the death toll could even hit 10,000
with the UN saying that at least 8
million people have been affected by the
quake as was the case with the 2010
Haiti earthquake the significant loss of
life and property damage can be
attributed to a few combined factors
these factors made the disaster much
worse than with similarly sized
earthquakes elsewhere
so why was the Nepal earthquake so
devastating well the most significant
factor in earthquake has released is how
populated the area is Nepal is home to
nearly 28 million residents with a
population density of about 186 people
per square kilometer that's more than
five and a half times the density of the
United States heavily populated areas
tend to produce a lot more casualties
during natural disasters by comparison
at 8.4 magnitude earthquake in southern
Peru in 2001 killed 75 people this was
largely due to Peru's extremely low
population density of 23 people per
square kilometer the other important
element is the ability of the local
buildings and infrastructure to
withstand major earthquakes as
seismologist sometimes say earthquakes
don't kill people
buildings kill people in particular a
2013 assessment by World Bank said that
Nepal's rapid development and
urbanization has led to a lack of
government planning and control over
infrastructure and building standards as
such the capital of Nepal Kathmandu has
been called one of the most earthquake
vulnerable cities in the world a 2001
study stated a person living in
Kathmandu is about nine times more
likely to be killed by an earthquake
than a person living in Islamabad and
about 60 times more likely than a person
living in Tokyo an older study by geo
hazards international found that nearly
two-thirds of Kathmandu's buildings
would suffer major damage from an
earthquake similarly large earthquakes
in 1934 and 1988 have killed thousands
in Nepal's history despite their
unpredictability the catastrophic
results of a major earthquake can easily
in advance hopefully this disaster will
push other at-risk countries into
strengthening their earthquake safety
codes if you'd like to learn the science
of why this earthquake was so
devastating watch this video from dnews
at this recent earthquake was shallow
and only 15 kilometers deep while a
seven magnitude earthquake is
devastating on its own a shallow depth
means more shaking at the surface and
more damage we'll see you tomorrow on
test-tube so don't forget to subscribe
