after years of stalled peace talks the
President of Colombia and FARC rebels
have reached a mutual ceasefire
agreement although the FARC group is
known as a criminal organization by
Colombian officials the government is
cooperating with them in peace talks so
who are the FARC rebels and why is the
Colombian government negotiating with
them this episode is brought to you by
aj+ FARC is a Spanish acronym for the
fuerzas armadas revolutionary as a
colombian also known as the
Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia
they are sometimes classified as a
guerrilla group or a violent non-state
actor by the media but the US and the
European Union list them as a terrorist
group Colombian officials have also
referred to FARC as a terrorist
organization or a criminal band it's
reported that they make up to 600
million dollars per year in profits from
drug trafficking kidnapping extortion
and unofficial taxes and by this account
they are considered the third wealthiest
terrorist group in the world a 2009 US
report said that FARC controls 60% of
the cocaine supplied to the United
States so why is the Colombian
government negotiating with the
purported terrorist group well the two
actually have a long history together
and the government is somewhat
responsible for the development of FARC
in the first place in the 1950s and 60s
Colombia ended approximately a decade of
civil war between conflicting political
parties in order to stabilize the
country in agreement called the National
Front was set up to allow each party to
alternately take control of the
government every four years
this arrangement effectively shut out
any other political party from
representation leaving the poor
especially marginalized many people
ended up joining non-state rebel
factions like FARC which promised to
overthrow the corrupt government and
install a communist regime
would help poor the FARC group and
others became armed and belligerent over
time while the National Front ended in
1974 fart continue to grow in numbers
and strength becoming especially
dependent on drug trafficking extortion
and other illegal practices to support
itself at its peak FARC dominated a
large territory throughout Colombia
especially in the rural areas and the
jungles however since then FARC
membership and influence has declined in
2002 Colombian President Juan Manuel
Santos began a campaign against FARC and
reduced their ranks more than half to
seven thousand fighters in 2013 FARC
origins as an anti-corruption group
fighting for representation still
resonates with some Colombians however
the impact of decades of fighting
kidnapping and other crimes are felt by
the public the people of Colombia want
peace and there have been many rallies
in the last few years pushing for an end
to this violence it is this history and
sentiment that has led the Colombian
government to conduct peace talks with
FARC in Colombia and Mexico the line
between narco trafficking and government
is pretty much gone so who's profiting
from the war on drugs check out this
video from the folks over at aj+ to find
out what if the drone war is being lost
and hundreds of thousands of people have
been killed then why does it continue
well that's because someone is winning
and it's important to find out who
thanks for watching test-tube and don't
forget to subscribe
you
