recently a woman in India called off an
arranged marriage when her new husband
wasn't able to answer a simple math
question most people don't think that
you can just call off an arranged
marriage or that they still even exist
but arranged marriages are not just some
forgotten custom from the past they
still happen every day around the world
arranged marriages are when a third
party usually a relative or a matchmaker
selects your spouse but with your
permission
this is distinct from forced marriages
where there is no consent as is the case
with child brides arranged marriages
actually used to be the norm in most
societies that's in part due to the
belief that a person's parents were
better equipped to decide who would be a
good match for their children this made
sense at a time when the average age of
marriage was much lower and social
mobility was otherwise impossible
another reason for the practice was to
make sure your son or daughter married
someone of the same faith or race in
what's known as an endogenous marriage
they were used to ensure continued
bloodlines and wealth consolidation
today arranged marriages are much rarer
overall but in some parts of the world
are still a regular occurrence in
particular India has a long tradition of
arranged marriage still widely practiced
today but although many Western
countries look down on arranged
marriages some studies have shown that
they might not be as bad as they're
portrayed one study pitted American love
marriages and Indian arranged marriages
to see which led to happier unions you'd
think that two people push together by
their parents probably wouldn't fall in
love at first sight and you'd be right
but over the long term researchers found
that American couples were more in love
at the start of the relationship while
Indian couples surpassed American love
as their marriage progressed and on
average both types were about equally as
happy the rate of arranged marriages
around the world has been dropping for
most of the 20th century but even today
in countries like China there exists
love hunters looking for young women to
marry off to wealthier older men and
marriage markets where parents advertise
and seek out suitable spouses for their
children even spouse seeking reality
shows in the u.s. might be considered a
form of arranged marriage
despite their incongruity in Western
society it's possible that arranged
marriages are not
horrible or restrictive as popular
opinion would lead you to believe as a
matter of fact my grandparents marriage
was arranged and although it didn't end
up working out that might have had to do
more with my grandfather's to Konya
binds or other wives rather than the
arrangement so what do you guys think of
being in an arranged marriage would you
be open to it tell us in the comments if
you're interested in exciting videos
from all around the world you'll
definitely want to join us over on
seeker stories we've been exploring
cultures movements and inspiring stories
that helped bring the world closer
together and we really think you'll like
it a lot there's a link to the channel
in the description below hope to see you
there
