this episode is brought to you by aj+
Dubai in the United Arab Emirates is
home to the tallest skyscraper in the
world it stands almost 3,000 feet in the
air and cost the city more than 1
billion dollars on the ground signs of
Dubai's wealth are apparent as the
police patrol the streets in Ferraris
and Lamborghinis so how did the emirates
and dubai in particular get so rich well
the UAE is a federation of seven
emirates each ruled in part by its own
islamic monarchy historically the UAE
has been a prime location for
international trade situated at the
mouth of the Persian Gulf ships sailing
around Asia and Africa made frequent
stops there in the late 1950s large oil
deposits were found near the UAE s
capital of Abu Dhabi beginning a hugely
lucrative oil industry the oil deposits
proved to be so vast that presently they
account for a tenth of the world's oil
reserves crude oil exports are
responsible for almost 400 billion
dollars of the UAE s GDP but Dubai by
itself isn't very oil-rich reports
indicate that in 2010 only around 1% of
Dubai's economy was from oil sales so
how is Dubai so wealthy well both Dubai
and the entire UAE have a historically
productive relationship with the United
Kingdom this relationship granted them
access to exclusive Western investments
and partnerships in 2000 the
International credit boom helped the
Emirates solidify their place in the
Middle East as a financial and
cosmopolitan hub foreign investments
poured in for ambitious projects like
the world's tallest skyscraper the
largest resort and even a series of
manmade islands since then tourism trade
and retail has flourished attracting a
large number of visitors and immigrants
dubia was reported to be the world's
fifth most popular tourist destination
in 2014
additionally there are no corporate
taxes except on oil companies and
foreign banks making them an attractive
business destination as well however
despite the flow of investments in a
growing tourism industry the late-2000s
global economic crisis hit the Emirates
especially hard real estate prices
collapsed throughout the area and one
study found more than 200 construction
projects were cancelled between two
9 and 2011 it got so bad that eventually
Abu Dhabi had to bailout Dubai with a
ten billion dollar loan so yeah
Dubai is massively rich but as we've
seen in recent years there's no
guarantee that it will stay that way
migrant labor abuse is a huge problem in
the UAE and some of its neighbors to
learn more about the details of this
issue take a look at this informative
video from our friends at aj+
thank you for watching test-tube don't
forget to subscribe for all of our
latest videos
