March 2015 marked the 25th anniversary
of the biggest art theft in US history
in 1990 two thieves disguised as police
officers stole 13 paintings worth half a
billion dollars from a Boston Museum and
art heists are still happening today in
fact as many as a hundred thousand works
of art are stolen every year so what's
the deal with art napping well art theft
is an especially lucrative criminal
enterprise the US Department of Justice
has called it the third most profitable
illegal industry in the past 40 years
after drugs and guns the FBI estimates
that between four and six billion
dollars worth of art is sold every year
but there's really no way to be sure as
investigators rarely have a paper trail
to follow
in fact art theft is so successful that
only about 1% of all stolen artwork is
ever recovered this is partially due to
the fact that art crime is generally
nonviolent and losses are often paid for
by insurance as a result police don't
allocate significant resources to make
sure the art is recovered so why is art
theft so rampant well first of all it's
pretty easy
not only our painting is extremely
valuable they're also light and easy to
transport additionally many museums have
lacks security in the 1990 Boston case
the fake police officers simply walked
in cuffed the two security guards on
duty then took their time stealing the
paintings the biggest hurdle for art
thieves isn't acquiring the art but
getting rid of it afterwards
obviously well-known works of art are
well known not only is it hard to find a
buyer who won't turn you in but once
purchased the painting can't really be
prominently displayed and in that case
what's the point another form of art
theft is less stealing and more like
pillaging during war sometimes countries
would raid local museums and steal or
destroy historical art in the 30s the
Nazis systematically looted all the art
they could get their hands on
following the war thousands of works of
art stolen by the Nazis were recovered
and repatriated to their original homes
and museums although there are plenty
still out there but maybe the popularity
of art crime can be traced to how it's
represented in the media in movies like
the Thomas Crown Affair in Ocean's
Twelve the theft is considered a
gentleman's crime or as a cool
Ritt white-collar heist but the reality
is that stealing art is still stealing
and in the immortal words of Indiana
Jones it belongs in a museum if your
hunger for hidden treasure is strong
you'll definitely want to check out this
video from seeker about one of the
world's greatest treasure hunters and
how he lost his mind
Tommy's story is somewhat crazy and
involved but here's a condensed version
tommy raised about 13 million dollars to
find a ship full of gold the SS Central
America that sank in 1857 there is a
link down in the description for that
full video thank you for watching
test-tube please subscribe
