this episode is brought to you by aj+ in
a 1971 speech to Congress President
Richard Nixon called drug abuse
America's public enemy number one in the
same speech he declared war on drug
addiction and since then the war on
drugs has been a controversial policy
issue for the United States after four
decades we want to know did the war on
drugs work well in the last 44 years
Nixon's connection between crime and
drugs has had far-reaching consequences
particularly in terms of race Human
Rights Watch has reported that in the
70s african-americans in the u.s. were
already being over-represented in drug
arrests with twice as many arrests as
Caucasians but since the war on drugs
began African Americans have been
arrested for drug offenses at five times
the rate of white offenders and yet on
average Caucasians commit more drug
crimes part of the reason for this
discrepancy has been attributed to
unfair drug sentencing laws specifically
targeted toward minorities in the poor
in 1986 President Ronald Reagan signed a
bill that authorized the anti-drug Abuse
Act this enacted mandatory minimum
sentences for convictions concerning a
number of drugs including two forms of
cocaine crack cocaine which was cheaper
and more commonly used by the
lower-class carried a mandatory minimum
sentence of five years for five grams
for the more expensive powdered cocaine
one would need 500 grams for the same
sentence this 100 to 1 disparity along
with other similar drug laws skyrocketed
the number of minority drug arrests only
in 2010 did President Barack Obama
authorize a bill that lessened the gap
in drug sentencing the drug policy
Alliance reports that annually the u.s.
spends more than 51 billion dollars on
the war on drugs and in 2013 arrested
one and a half million people on
nonviolent drug charges in fact some
estimates place the total amount spent
by the federal government on the war on
drugs as high as a trillion dollars and
yet addiction rates have been unaffected
drug prices have dropped considerably
and the US has the highest incarceration
rates in the world in 2010 more than
half of all federally incarcerated
prisoners were serving drug-related
sentences even the CIA has been
implicated in the trafficking of illegal
drugs
if our own government can't avoid
violating drug laws how can we be
expected to with marijuana legalization
slowly spreading across the US and the
success of drug decriminalization in
countries like Portugal and Uruguay it
is clear that the war on drugs has
failed the illegal drug trade is a
complex and sometimes overwhelming
system to understand to learn what the
whole story of an eight ball of cocaine
can look like check out this video from
aj+ cocaine it's a hell of a drug it's
also hella expensive an eight ball an
eighth of an ounce or 3.5 grams costs
around $250 in the US but what's the
real price of that little baggie there's
a link to that video also down in the
description
thank you for watching test-tube please
subscribe we appreciate your support
