the American Association of University
Women recently released a report stating
that women only make 78% of men's
salaries due to gender discrimination
however many news agencies still publish
articles claiming that the gender wage
gap is a myth the subject is still
extensively researched so why does the
issue remain so controversial we'll get
ready we're gonna bust the myth of the
myth of the gender pay gap
first of all the AAUW reported a
statistic that many Americans already
know women make about 78 cents to every
dollar men make the US Census Bureau
published almost the exact same findings
in 2010 both reports are cited by
well-respected news agencies like
National Public Radio in The New York
Times as well as high-profile
politicians and celebrities recently
President Obama and Oscar winner
Patricia Arquette spoke about the 20%
pay gap skeptics say that the wage
discrepancy is just the result of the
different career choices that women make
but the AAUW contests this across both
male and female dominated fields
including science math health care and
education the wage gap persists the AAUW
also found that even women with the same
level of education make 82 percent of
what their male counterparts make one
year after graduating the wage gap spans
across women of all ages races
lifestyles and occupations back in the
1960s and 70s the wage gap was more
obvious at 40 percent it shrank
drastically in the 80s and 90s but since
then it's been stuck at the 20% mark to
further close the gap the white house
has initiated programs like the Council
on women and girls to help encourage
gender equality however some experts
report that it could take 43 years to
close the wage gap entirely
alright test-tube fans I'm really happy
to introduce a brand new show that I've
got it's called abandonment issues I get
to explore some really really cool
abandoned places and take you with me as
we explore their stories together the
first episode is about this old train
yard it has been left for dead but it's
beautiful these walls were put up over a
hundred years ago on landfill made
partially from the debris of the 1906
earthquake that devastated much of the
area check it out in the description
below and make sure you subscribe to
seeker stories so you can see more of
these
thank you for watching test-tube please
subscribe
