but most of us think about psychedelic
drugs we picture strung out hippies in a
colorful van not doctors experimenting
in lab coats but for centuries certain
hallucinogens have been used to cure a
number of illnesses and mental health
issues that's why a Norwegian advocacy
group is trying to raise 1 million
dollars to study and produce several
psychedelic drugs to distribute for
medical use
so could psychedelics be good for you
well since the 1970s when hallucinogens
like LSD psilocybin MDMA ketamine and
others were grouped with hard drugs like
heroin by the US Drug Enforcement
Administration little professional
research has been done however from
studies completed before the ban
scientists have seen significant value
in the use of hallucinogens to treat
depression addiction and even helping
the terminally ill cope in a 1969 study
a number of autistic and schizophrenic
children were dosed with LSD and
psilocybin either daily or weekly to see
how they'd respond to the treatment the
most consistent findings were improved
speech behavior and otherwise mute
children increased emotional
responsiveness to other children and
adults an elevation positive mood
including frequent laughter and
decreases in compulsive ritualistic
behavior altogether the study was
considered a success and further
research would have been done on the
long-term effects had the drugs not been
banned the following year in recent
times some drug research has been
approved for medical use in 1999 a
hallucinogen named ibogaine was found to
eliminate heroin withdrawal symptoms
within hours of ingestion as heroin is
considered the single hardest drug to
quit the ability to mute withdrawal
effects could end up saving significant
numbers of lives hallucinogens have been
used to treat cancer patients struggling
with psychological distress as a result
of their illness in one study a cancer
patient was given psilocybin for a
period of 18 weeks afterwards she
reported that her quality of life had
dramatically improved other patients
also reported less anxiety improved
quality of life
enhanced psychological and spiritual
well-being and a greater acceptance of
the life changes brought on by cancer
psychedelics have been an active part of
medicine
many cultures up until the end of the
20th century today it would appear that
some governments are slowly lifting
restrictions on potentially beneficial
drugs after years of appeals by the
medical community despite the fear
surrounding recreational drug use there
is plenty of evidence that psychedelics
have their place in medical treatment
although psychedelics have shown success
in clinical trials recreational drug use
has a number of dangerous side effects
and we do not endorse the use of
psychedelics the use of psychedelics
have been traced back from many many
years to learn about how an ancient
tribe in Peru consumes ayahuasca and
their rituals to this day check out this
video from seeker researchers studying
ayahuasca and other hallucinogens found
that they caused the brain to see four
different types of mathematical visions
tunnels and funnels spirals lattices and
cobwebs these are the patterns that
appear in the shipibos art if you're on
your phone click the link in the
description to watch and thank you for
joining us on test-tube please remember
to subscribe for more videos
