the Kashmir conflict is an ongoing
territorial dispute between India and
Pakistan
according to Pakistan's 2010 statement
to the UN it is the oldest unresolved
international conflict still on the UN's
agenda the conflict is often attributed
directly to the region's backlash
against British colonialism but is that
the whole story
what is the Kashmir conflict really
about well first of all when we say
Kashmir we mean the region that is
currently occupied by both Pakistan and
India historically the region has been
home to a number of Buddhists Hindus
Muslims Sikhs and other cultures they've
been a conflict for hundreds of years in
1846 Kashmir was claimed by the former
British Empire as a princely state in
their Indian Empire the population was
predominantly Muslim with the ruler set
up by the British was Hindu this
difference in religions caused conflict
in Kashmir especially after World War
Two in 1947 Britain gave its Indian
colonies independence and states around
Kashmir joined either Pakistan or India
because of the Muslim majority and
Kashmir most wanted to join the
predominantly Muslim Pakistan
however Kashmir's Hindu ruler wished the
state to remain neutral
not long after independence Pakistan
invaded Kashmir
this caused Harry Singh Kashmir's ruler
to ask India for military help
he signed the Instrument of Accession
which made Kashmir officially a part of
India with some autonomous privileges
from there India sent in military forces
to combat Pakistani fighters culminating
in the first indo-pakistani war of 1947
it's also known as the first Kashmir war
in 1965 and again in 1971 two more
indo-pakistani Wars broke out with
thousands killed
although territory was originally a key
reason for fighting human rights abuses
on both sides became a larger reason for
hostilities between the two nations you
can hear more about why India and
Pakistan hate each other in Tara's video
after several ceasefire agreements the
political boundaries of Pakistan and
India are still considered disputed but
both nations control about 1/2 of
Kashmir the whole Indian subcontinent is
teeming with unique peoples and culture
check out this amazing story of a small
village south of New Delhi
has such a long history of defending
itself it's become legendary take the
village of fatehpur berry on the
outskirts of the mega city new duck it's
a small conservative town and it has a
long history of defending itself against
outside invasion these days it's gained
a reputation as the strongest village in
the country a literal hub of muscleman
that's our brand-new show seeker by the
way make sure you check it out
Evan and Lisette really appreciate the
support it is a great show there is a
link in the description if you are on
your phone and thank you for watching
test-tube please subscribe
