in early March Ferguson Missouri City
Manager and the police chief resigned
their exit came in response to a
scathing report by the US Department of
Justice it detailed rampant racial bias
present in the police force and
Municipal Court system so how did
Ferguson's racism get so out of hand
well in 2014 a Ferguson police officer
shot Michael Brown an unarmed 18-year
old african-american man protests broke
out across the country prompting
President Obama to order a federal
investigation of the events leading up
to the death on March 4th the federal
report was released it said that police
and municipal court practices in
Ferguson had established clear racial
disparities that adversely affected
African Americans inappropriate slurs
and unwarranted aggression were
documented in emails and interviews with
victims Ferguson city records showed
that from 2012 to 2014 despite making up
2/3 of the population African Americans
accounted for nearly all of Ferguson's
traffic stops citations and arrests so
how did racism get so out of hand in
Ferguson well the report details that
Ferguson's police chief and all ranks of
police officers were heavily encouraged
to increase city profits through
increased enforcement this priority on
generating revenue was said to
contribute unnecessary harm to the
community combined with an existing
racial bias as evidenced by
inappropriate emails and personal
interactions it exacerbated the abuse
toward African Americans to eliminate
and curb racial disparities the
Department of Justice suggested 26 vital
changes for the police force and
Municipal Court major bids were made to
increase employee training and diversity
police oversight community youth
involvement and to encourage police to
use minimal force on calls the Attorney
General on March 12th announced that
there would be a new pilot program aimed
at reducing racial bias and law
enforcement for six selected cities it
is hoped that these programs will
improve trust between police men and
women and the communities that they
Patrol if you want to hear an awesome
story from our new all-points Project I
really recommend that you go check out
our latest video about Afghanistan's
Bruce Lee that show is on our new seeker
stories Channel and you can find a link
to it right at the top of the
description thank you for watching
test-tube
subscribe
