in July of 2001 Portugal officially
decriminalized all drugs the punishment
for being caught with anything from
heroin to methamphetamines to marijuana
became mandatory rehabilitation or at
worst a small fine no jail time so what
did Portugal's drug decriminalization
actually do well in the late 90s
Portugal was dealing with a serious drug
problem rates of AIDS among drug addicts
were higher than anywhere else in the
European Union although there were fewer
drug users overall there was a much
higher proportion of addicts among those
users Portugal's effort to reduce the
harm caused by drugs through
decriminalization had some interesting
results despite hopes that the rates of
addiction would fall the Cato Institute
noted that in the last decade and a half
drug use rates have actually stayed the
same in Portugal many detractors feared
that the country would become
independent on drug tourism but that
didn't happen either
instead Portugal has seen a significant
decline and sexually transmitted disease
overdoses and rates of HIV and AIDS the
clearest explanation for this shift is a
combination of two forces a governmental
push toward treatment options instead of
jail time for addicts and a lack of
stigma or punishment when seeking help
for drug issues this is known as harm
reduction that is an acknowledgment and
regulation of the problem rather than
the usual practice of outlawing it
followed by punishment and jail time
many of touted Portugal's experiment is
a step towards the way we look at drug
addiction by stressing that it is a
health issue not a crime Portugal's
success with decriminalization may
provide a framework on how to solve drug
problems in other countries just in case
you haven't heard our brand new channel
seeker stories is the place to go for
all the untold stories inspiring footage
and beautiful introductions to the world
around us city Verity is a collection of
love letters to the urban landscapes
many of us call home
check out that video in the description
below and don't forget to subscribe for
more thank you as always for watching
test-tube we appreciate the support
please subscribe
