this episode is brought to you by aj+
the first line of the Miranda warning
the spiel cops are supposed to read
before arresting and interrogating a
suspect goes you have the right to
remain silent anything you say can and
will be used against you in a court of
law simple to the point and backed by
the Fifth Amendment against
self-incrimination and yet according to
several recent Supreme Court cases
staying quiet may not be enough so do
you have the right to remain silent well
sort of this goes back as far as the
early 1200s based on the Latin legal
principle no man is bound to accuse
himself but in the u.s. even though
staying silent is a good way to avoid
self-incrimination it does not
automatically grant you Fifth Amendment
privileges in a landmark 2010 case the
US Supreme Court ruled that merely
staying silent was not the same as
invoking the right to silence in this
case a suspect three-hour-long refusal
to speak during interrogation was not
considered to be a clear invocation of
that right then in 2013 a US Supreme
Court case reaffirmed their decision
when a suspect refused to answer
questions about shell casings from the
crime scene prosecutors argued that his
lack of response suggested that he was
guilty and the court agreed saying a
witness does not affirm the right by
simply standing mute the suspect was
required to assert the privilege in
order to benefit from it they said that
unless a suspect clearly and
unambiguously invokes their right to
silence are more specifically the Fifth
Amendment then the protection against
self-incrimination does not apply this
common misconception stems from the
difference between the right to stay
silent and the right to avoid
self-incrimination so in order to
maintain your rights you have to
actually say I'm invoking my right to
stay silent so do we really have the
right to stay silent
no and worse yet your silence can be
used against you in court
so when cops pick you up make sure you
tell them you're pleading the fifth if
you're interested in learning more about
your rights make sure you check out this
aj+ video about what you should do when
you're stopped by the police or the one
below on how the government regulates
your sex life thanks as always for
watching you know we appreciate every
one of you if you haven't yet subscribed
now's the time it's right there
