the copyright on Adolf Hitler's
autobiographical manifesto Mein Kampf
expires at the end of this year and
Munich's Institute of contemporary
history is making plans to republish the
text for the first time in Germany since
1945 the reason for this long lapse in
publication is that Germany has spent
the last 70 years attempting to distance
itself from the disgraced Nazi regime it
has done this by instituting a number of
laws and public policies heavily
restricting references to Nazi symbolism
and propaganda so what are Germany's
anti-nazi laws well in the years
following the fall of the Nazis American
occupying forces confiscated all media
and Germany that supported the Nazi
Party they also destroyed all German
military and Nazi memorials with the
exception of tombstones along with any
related art work since wiping the slate
clean the German government included a
list of directives banning all Nazi era
symbols the laws restrict the creation
dissemination storage and importation of
any unconstitutional political parties
media particularly the Nazi Party it
also bans any Flags insignia uniform
slogans and forms of greeting associated
with those parties however the law makes
a distinction in the context of art
science research education and
journalism and although there is not an
exhaustive fan list it is generally
considered to include in one form or
another swastikas the Celtic crossed the
solar cross the SS emblem the Odelle
rune wolves ungol the Nazi war flag the
greeting sig Heil Heil Hitler
singing the national anthem or saying
the Nazis motto it is also illegal to
deny the Holocaust and this could lead
to imprisonment
despite the understandable strictness of
this ban that there have been some
unintended consequences in 2006 the use
of anti-fascist symbols which featured a
crossed out swastika were deemed illegal
as violations of the ban despite their
obviously opposite purpose in order to
paint the absurdity of this
interpretation a member of the
legislative branch turned herself into
the German police for having displayed
the crossed out swastika during an anti
neo-nazi rally in 2007 the German
government clarified that this
particular symbol was clearly not Pro
Nazi propaganda and would
exempt even though these anti-nazi laws
exist the German government has only
been two political parties in its
history despite the resurgence of a
neo-nazi political party in German
Parliament as a democratic nation
Germany has long been struggling to
prevent its history from reoccurring
while attempting to allow for freedom of
speech
the republication of this heavily
annotated version of mine Kampf is a
clear example of Germany's balancing act
between the importance of historical
documentation and the explicit
disapproval of their shameful past even
with Germany's ban on Nazi propaganda
Nazism is on the rise in Europe check
out a video to learn more what is
causing this rien sub National Socialism
some experts think the rise of neo-nazi
values is caused by a sudden influx of
immigrants thanks for watching test-tube
and please consider subscribing so that
we can get all our new videos right onto
your homepage
