last Friday outspoken poon critic and
former Deputy Prime Minister Boris
Nemtsov was gunned down in front of the
Kremlin two days before an anti-putin
rally he had organized in response the
Russian president called for an end
high-profile political killings still
the shooting follows a disturbing
pattern of putin critics ending up dead
or imprisoned so who are Putin's top
enemies and what happens to them one of
Putin's earliest enemies Vladimir
Gusinsky was the founder of NTV a
Russian television network outspoken
about the government in 2001 shortly
after Putin's ascension to the
presidency the government owned natural
gas company Gazprom seized control of
the network Kaczynski was charged with
fraud and fled to Spain while NTV was
converted to a pro Kremlin Network soon
after another television mogul and Putin
critic Boris Berezovsky also fled the
country to seek political asylum in the
United Kingdom after two separate
assassination attempts Berezovsky was
found dead in his apartment in 2013 a
few years earlier a former security
official and close friend of Berezovsky
Alexander Litvinenko also died after
being poisoned with plutonium on his
deathbed he accused Putin of
orchestrating the poisoning for more on
Litvinenko see our timeline about his
death
a fourth oligarch and critic met kil
quarter Coast gate was the richest man
in Russia when he debated Putin on
television in 2003 and insinuated that
Russian officials were receiving
millions and bribes
soon afterwards Khodorkovsky was
arrested for fraud and tax evasion along
with his business partner platoon Libba
dev both were sentenced to nearly a
decade in prison many vocal anti-putin
protesters have been jailed for their
roles in starting dissent
two out of three members of the
political anti-establishment band Pussy
Riot served two-year sentences after an
anti-putin performance in an Orthodox
Cathedral in 2012 countrywide protests
broke out against voter fraud media
censorship and the taking of political
prisoners to protest organizers were
accused of terrorism and conspiracy they
were sentenced to four and a half years
of hard labour perhaps the most
disturbing trend is a string of poorly
investigated murders of Russian
journalists the most famous of which is
the assassin
of a vocal anti-putin author and
journalist Anna Politkovskaya in the
aftermath of her death the US House of
Representatives passed a resolution
urging Putin to accept outside help in
investigating 14 unsolved murders of
journalists since the start of his
presidency
although the Russian Constitution
provides for freedom of press and speech
most media is expected to self-censor
and the US State Department has reported
that in recent years the Kremlin has
increased its crackdown on political
dissent for more on Russia's influence
in the world check out our video about
how powerful they really are well let's
start with the big guns Russia still has
a huge nuclear arsenal of around 8500
warheads 1,800 of which are still
operational meaning they're ready to
fire at any moment or this other one
about their recent build above sneaky
military activity in neighboring
countries if you're watching on your
phone click the links at the top of the
description to watch thanks for watching
test-tube and please subscribe for more
