during February's budget battle for the
future of the department of homeland
security the question of whether or not
the agency would continue operating got
us wondering about its role in the US
what would life be like without the
Department of Homeland Security well not
that long ago the DHS didn't exist in
the turmoil following 9/11 the Bush
administration called for a new cabinet
to oversee a number of existing
government agencies most notably US
Customs and Border Patrol TSA the
Transportation Security Administration
FEMA the Federal Emergency Management
Agency the Secret Service and the Coast
Guard altogether they were intended to
function as domestic emergency
responders and anti-terrorism world
police with revenue-neutral spending but
if all these departments already
functioned on their own with the absence
of a DHS really be that noticeable
well for starters government coffers
might have a little more money in them
in 2013 the DHS accounted for 55 billion
of the federal budget DHS employees have
been accused of abusing their government
credit cards in one case spending thirty
thousand dollars on Starbucks in a six
month period but money aside isn't the
DHS supposed to protect us from
terrorism and respond to national
disasters
well when the DHS absorbs the disaster
response agency fema its director warned
that the new restructuring would
significantly weaken the agency's
abilities to deal with emergencies
he was proven right after the response
to Hurricane Katrina which was slow and
widely considered unsuccessful a
bipartisan report found that this was
partly due to the department's
unwillingness to provide disaster
preparedness funding to States unless
they earmarked a portion to fight
terrorism
now some sources have noted that at
least 30 terror attacks have been
prevented in the US since 9/11
ostensibly this is the doing of the
Department of Homeland Security but the
infamous failed underwear and shoe
bombers were not stopped from boarding
flights while carrying explosives on
them despite the TSA s aggressive
efforts of screening furthermore many of
these potential soild attacks have been
the result of the FBI and CIA's
involvement groups that handle terrorism
in the days before 9/11 in fact it was
the CIA who had prepared the memo
warning President Bush of Osama bin
Laden's intentions many have criticized
the role of the DHS
matters of budget national security and
overall effectiveness at the cost of
privacy so what would the u.s. look like
without the Department of Homeland
Security
well census is a relatively new
Department and there are overlapping
agencies to pick up the slack probably
about the same if you love learning
about the world you're really going to
love our brand new Network seeker it's
got everything from inspiring stories to
beautiful visual love letters about the
urban landscapes we call home check out
this brand-new video from City Verte
about this City of Angels here
click the link at the top of the
description to see the whole video now
and thank you for watching test-tube
