this episode is brought to you by aj+
around 250 Jewish graves were recently
vandalized in France tombstones were
pushed over graffiti'd with swastikas
and Nazi propaganda this follows the
recent Paris attacks where four Jews
were killed at a grocery store some
experts have noted that racially
motivated attacks are on the rise in
France so is France anti-semitic well
according to a recent report by the
Council of Europe the French are
becoming more racists and intolerant
towards ethnic communities and religious
minorities including both Muslims and
Jews
the council's Commissioner for Human
Rights notes that the number of
anti-semitic acts doubled in the first
half of 2014 the Jewish community in
France is centuries old numbering
approximately 500,000 France actually
has the largest Jewish population in
Europe despite all that history though
the number of Jews leaving France since
2012 has tripled possibly due to what
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls calls
the new anti-semitism so what's behind
this rising intolerance to find the
answer some experts are looking at the
small town of Tsar SEL like many
suburban towns on the outskirts of Paris
our cell is a melting pot of ethnicities
home to both Jewish and Muslim immigrant
communities who have lived there in
peace for decades that is until recently
racial tensions lie just beneath the
surface since our cell last year pro
palestinian protests in the town
spiraled out of control
before long the protests turned into a
full-blown riot while local residents
still get along for the most part some
observers have noted that the arrival of
radicalized Islamic ideas from North
Africa and the Middle East have impacted
the community it is thought that young
Muslims feel alienated from French
society leaving them vulnerable to
radicalization experts suggest that
France is growing youth unemployment
especially within immigrant communities
coupled with the rise in Islamic
intolerance might be to blame France
isn't the only nation in Europe that has
seen a rise in racial tensions but after
the Paris attacks and the Council of
Europe report all eyes are on the nation
to be the first to address the issue
you want to learn more about how so many
Muslims ended up in France in the first
place check out this fantastic new video
from our brand-new sister show seeker
daily most French Muslims are of
Algerian descent and 1962 was a huge
crossroads for Algeria that year the
country finally achieved independence
from France which had ruled Algeria for
more than a century thank you so much
for watching and please subscribe
