Libya is on the brink of Civil War for
years since the fall of dictator Muammar
Gaddafi Libya faces political turmoil
and the growing threat of Islamic
extremists the instability has garnered
international attention with countries
like Italy and Egypt waiting in to help
secure the country so what's happening
in Libya last year the central
government was dissolved - less than six
months after being voted in currently
Libya falls under two rival governments
the first is an unelected Islamist party
in the nation's capital Tripoli the
other is a quasi elected House of
Representatives operating from Tobruk in
the east in addition to these two
governments - militia groups are
competing for dominance in Tripoli the
Libyan dong coalition have established
partial control the group is made up of
Islamic militias and is reportedly
financed by Qatar and Turkey they are in
a head-to-head battle with the
self-proclaimed Libyan National Army who
wish to take down all Islamic militias
the Libyan National Army is based in
Tobruk and Baida and is not only backed
by the House of Representatives but also
receives funding from Egypt Saudi Arabia
and the UAE this complex power struggle
between these four groups has resulted
in violence causing ripples of tension
throughout the Gulf region but more
importantly it has left the entire state
vulnerable especially to jihadist groups
like Isis a recent video released by
Isis shows the beheading of 21 Egyptian
Christians who were living in Libya
reports suggest that dozens more
Egyptians have been captured and it
suggested that Isis is making bold
strides into Libya while the state
security is at an all-time low not only
that but it's been reported that
hundreds of smaller Libyan Islamic
militia groups are joining with Isis to
bolster their own profiles so where does
that leave Libya well so far the rival
governments and militias have refused to
unite against a common enemy despite
both the Daan coalition and Libyan
National Army condemning Isis with no
cohesive political structure in place
Libya has turned to its neighbors in the
Gulf region for assistance in response a
gypped has launched a series of air
strikes on Isis targets in Libya but
even this action has stirred political
turmoil because Egypt also backs the
Libyan National Army the strikes have
been heavily criticized by the Danka
while Libya continues to seek political
stability post Gaddafi the country is
extremely vulnerable countries like
Italy are now urging the UN to help find
a political solution before Isis's power
in Libya gets out of control if you want
to learn more about how Libya got so
divided in the first place check out our
video here they were initially run by
the National Transitional Council this
is the group that defeated Gaddafi and
controlled the country until elections
could be established then after the 2012
elections power was handed over to the
general National Congress this was
established by popular vote and highly
influenced by the Muslim Brotherhood and
subscribe for new videos every day
thanks for watching
