On January 18 2015 Argentine prosecutor
Alberto nisman was found dead in his
Buenos Aires apartment the day before he
was due to give testimony about an
alleged government cover-up of a
terrorist attack reports suggest that
nice men had committed suicide but
investigators are treating his death as
suspicious so if he didn't kill himself
than who did Alberto was the lead
prosecutor on an investigation into the
1994 bombing of a Jewish Community
Center in Buenos Aires which left 85
people dead reports suggest that niece
Minh believed that Iran had planned and
financed the attack and just before his
death he accused argentinian president
Kirchner and other government aids of
sabotaging his investigation during the
inquiry into the terrorist attack niece
Minh intercepted phone calls that the
Argentine government had made to Iran
it's reported that Argentinian and
Iranian officials had attempted to make
a secret deal which would have shielded
Iran from any legal action for the
bombing in exchange for oil Neeson was
due to present his accusations to
Congress the day after he died a draft
for the president's arrest was also
found in his trash facing accusation
that nice man's death was a political
cover-up here's no proposed legislation
that would dismantle Argentina's premier
foreign and National Intelligence Agency
the intelligence secretariat but why
would the president want to dismantle
its leading intelligence agency well
Kirchner has suggested that the agency
may be responsible for a nice man's
death claiming that intelligence agents
use nice men for the investigation to
blame her for the terrorist cover-up but
then decided to kill report suggests
that Kirchner was pointing the blame at
former SI agent antonio suits you
according to experts suit Co was one of
Argentina's most powerful spies largely
due to his expertise with phone town
it's reported that su chio helped
Eastman during his investigation the
eavesdrop on secret conversations
between Argentina and Iran however in
December 2014 su chio was abruptly
discharged from the si after almost four
decades of service despite leaving the
SI it's reported that the two men
remained in contact the lead
investigator and Denis men's death has
told reporters that phone records
indicate that su chio called niece Minh
hours before he died nice man's death
remains unexplained but the formal
negation is just beginning and as more
information about the government's deal
with Iran is revealed experts are
concerned that our gen Tina might be on
the verge of a political crisis Iran's
role in all this might be murky at this
point but the secretive nation does play
a unique role in the world to learn more
about how powerful Iran is check out
this video there is a chance that Iran
is now developing a nuclear weapon which
will move them into an elite league of
countries and if you haven't subscribed
to test-tube now's your chance thanks
for watching
