this episode is brought to you by a j+
according to a UN report released in
2013 the population of Nigeria is
expected to surpass the population of
the u.s. sometime before the year 2050
which would put them third in the world
behind India and China experts expect to
see major economic growth during this
time so how powerful is Nigeria well
it's more powerful than you may think
the nation has two major things going
forward its massive population and its
natural resources Nigeria is the most
densely populated African country with
around 177 million people in 2014 that's
nearly twice the number of people in
Africa's second most populous country
Ethiopia and the large population lends
itself to a large military which has
helped neighboring countries to promote
peace in the region
The Economist notes that Nigeria's
military is not well trained as of 2014
but that the government has recently
decided to invest 1 billion dollars
towards improvements many news agencies
also report high levels of corruption
within Nigeria security forces
especially with money handling as it
stands now Nigeria's military power is
certainly formidable in the region but
it's not Africa strongest it is yet to
get a handle on internal terrorist
groups like Boko Haram which have killed
more than a thousand people since
December 2013
according to the UN natural resources
also contribute to Nigeria's power oil
deposits are abundant and they have made
Nigeria the wealthiest country in Africa
telecommunications agriculture and a
unique entertainment industry which
rivals the output of Hollywood also
contributes to the economy which is
growing at a rapid pace the United
States is Nigeria's largest foreign
investor and many more countries also
want to financially partner with the
nation Nigeria is attractive because of
their oil wealth and because it has a
mostly stable democratic government
Nigeria offers a much desired and
crucial diplomatic link between Western
powers and Africa internal violence and
rampant poverty still challenge Nigeria
but its future looks promising an
analyst from Moody's Investors Service
is confident that the nation will number
among the world's 15 largest economies
by 2050 to learn more about the
increasing power of Nigeria check out
this awesome video from our friends at
aj+
thanks for watching and please subscribe
for more test-tube everyday
