in 2014 the Obama administration
released five Taliban commanders in
exchange for the release of sergeant
Bowe Bergdahl a US soldier who had been
held in captivity by the Taliban for
more than five years now only eight
months after his release sergeant
Bergdahl may be charged with desertion
by the US Army so what happened how did
we get here
well the timeline is fairly
straightforward and we're going to give
you a condensed version of that now in
June 2009 private Bergdahl is captured
in Afghanistan's Paktika province after
reportedly walking off his u.s. army
base almost a month after his capture
the Taliban released a video of Bergdahl
expressing his desire to go home but
also stating that the war in Afghanistan
is not worth the human cost in May 2012
Bergdahl's parents talked to the press
about the state of their son they
revealed that the Obama administration
is in secret negotiations of the Taliban
to bring Bergdahl home in a proposed
prisoner exchange in another article
both last email to his parents before
his capture is published in it he
conveys his frustration towards the
behavior of his fellow soldiers and the
US Army in Afghanistan five years since
his capture Bergdahl is finally released
by the Taliban in exchange for five
commanders held at the US military
prison in Guantanamo Bay Cuba
but reaction to Bergdahl's release is
mixed suspicions begin to grow around
the circumstances that Bergdahl
disappeared in Afghanistan experts argue
that the soldier abandoned his post
which many see as a betrayal to the US
Army the US Army announces an
investigation and an army Insider has
suggested that the US military may
court-martial sergeant Bergdahl for
deserting his post however a formal
decision has yet to be made
let us know what you think about the
possible court-martialing of Sergeant
Bergdahl in the comments below and for a
more detailed look on how the u.s.
negotiates with terrorists click here
now
