this is Dara Salaam Tanzania it's a
sprawling city home to more than 4
million people people who ride the bus
to work and school people who go to the
mall
people who on the weekend go to the
beach and here is one of those 4 million
people
my name's Stella in my new rush I'm
living at the rest land specifically
Senza which is in to make a district a
marriage with one kid and my husband is
just his vector currently I'm working
with Mahinda University of Health
invalid Sciences as an assistant
lecturer if a life sounds familiar
that's the point
Stella is part of Africa's growing
middle class and being middle class in
Africa is something that's often
overlooked by the Western media who
focus instead on the more sensational
issues affecting the continent like war
famine and corruption but over the past
three decades by some measures the
middle class in Africa has tripled to
about 30% that means more jobs more
security more opportunities for people
like Stella but what does middle-class
really mean is it just a label that
Outsiders assigned to make sense of a
complicated culture and economy does it
really mean that on average things are
getting better for most Africans before
answering that question let's take a
step back for Stella her class status
however defined wasn't necessarily an
inevitability growing up in northern
Tanzania near Kilimanjaro her family
didn't have much money so even the house
we are living was not that much good
cause the house was hot house which was
made up of
banana tree leaves from the roof up to
the ground and I can imagine by that
time we've been sleeping with these legs
inside the house without knowing that
but her father saw that education could
offer better opportunities and he said
my daughter I have to look a nice school
for you because I'm seeing you who have
a talent you have bright I don't want to
lose you up Stella I went to a couple of
schools then to college to study nursing
she got her bachelor's and then a
master's and then a job at the
University and today her life looks
pretty different than it did when she
was a kid
employed by Maha's University and from
Monday through Friday I have to be in
the office from morning to evening so
the only days off in the week it's only
Saturday and Sunday
after the community prayer Stella and
justice go to the market together to get
food for the week the name of the market
is known as my Bebo I go to that market
first of all it's a nearby market in
seconds it's where I get a lot of good
stuff which are still fresh
as they are coming from different places
all over Jerusalem even the other
bridges the African Development Bank has
defined the middle class as someone who
spends between 2 and 20 US dollars per
day which is a pretty wide range and
does not guarantee financial security
and that's why plenty of experts have
raised questions about just how fair
this middle class assessment really is
anyone in the middle class anywhere
around the world faces challenges and
for Stella it's no different you know
our economic status it is still a
problem the salary I'm getting it's not
enough to run the day-to-day life basic
needs so I have to save little it a
little
looking at Stella's life does it really
matter how we define middle-class in
Africa is this label really determined
by how much one spends or what one owns
one's education or job or can it simply
just be defined by one's hopes and
dreams and the determination to make
them come true I have a dream of one day
to be called a doctor's in midwifery
practice when other doctors in Nassau
midwifery practice so one day I'll be
happy to see myself being called
professor Stella
you
