hopefully by now we're all savvy enough
to stop saying third-world countries but
saying developing nations sounds
condescending too we usually end up
calling them those nations which might
be even worse which nations those
nations over there don't touch them so
what should we call those nations first
off the term third-world is really wrong
it comes from the 1950s and at the time
the first world meant countries aligned
with the west of the United States the
second world was nations aligned with
communist Russia this only sort of made
sense then and makes absolutely no sense
now as for the third world that referred
to everything else it includes those
nations we mean when we say third world
but it also included places like
Greenland in the United Arab Emirates it
was too general and as such not super
useful so what about the term developing
nations India China and Brazil are
actively developing and sort of fit into
that category but people tend to call
those newly industrialized countries or
they just call them India China and
Brazil
developing nations also include places
like Syria and Somalia but they aren't
developing at all in fact they're
spiraling so the word developing in
developing nations doesn't actually mean
anything you could say poor nations but
not if you go off their GDP currently
Iraq is 56th on the UN's list and
Iceland is a hundred and twenty third
when you're talking about poverty
you don't usually mean Iceland so for
the last time what should you say well
it's awkward and long but you should say
countries on the UN's list of least
developed nations which is a mouthful
but it's accurate these 48 countries on
the official and somewhat regularly
updated list are those nations granted
it doesn't include all the nations
people mean when they throw around those
other terms but when you're talking
about world poverty this is the place to
start
you
