the current tensions seem Russia in
United States maybe grow and pass
sanctions and military exercises they
may start to affect the international
space station some news outlets even
reported the Russia threatened to ban
United States from the ISS this turned
out to be untrue but it does bring up
the question who owns the International
Space Station well as a whole no one
country owns the ISS it's a cooperative
program between United States Russia
Canada Japan and members of the European
Space Agency which include 20 different
European countries they each signed the
International Space Station inter
governmental agreement in 1998 this
document created the International
partnership for the design development
and operation of the ISS so those are
the countries involved in the ISS but
again no one really owns it as a whole
instead each country has legal ownership
over sections the labs and individual
hardware and equipment that they provide
to the ISS this gives each country
jurisdiction over criminal matters
liability issues and protection of
intellectual property the ISS has broken
down to two segments the US side and the
Russian side the US side houses three
main labs each owned by a different
space program
the Columbus module owned by the
European Space Agency Kibo owned by
Japan and destiny owned by the u.s. each
space program has made agreements and
how much they can utilize each other's
labs the Russian side is 100% controlled
by Russia which includes five modules
Zarya which is the first segment of the
ISS ESDA which includes living quarters
to airlock modules and Rus Viet ade
storage and docking module Russia also
controls Soyuz spacecraft which is the
only way to shuttle people to and from
the ISS that's the important thing to
note because Russia's hinted at ending
cooperation with the ISS in 2020 and
possibly starting construction of their
own space station as early as 2017 this
will pair serious damper on any future
ISS plans the United States may have
which is troubling because the United
States has already pledged money to
extend their work on ISS until 2024
whether they like it or not when it
comes to international space station the
United States does depend heavily on
Russia so some sort of Understanding
between the two sides will eventually
have to be reached if you want to learn
more about conflicts in space watch this
video and for more videos like this
please subscribe
you
