there have been tensions between the
United States and Iran for decades there
is a chance that Iran is now developing
a nuclear weapon which will move them
into an elite league of countries the US
and the UN are trying to prevent this
from happening and are threatening the
country with sanctions but Iran has been
pushing back and no agreement has yet
been made so how are they able to stand
up to the United States exactly how
powerful is Iran
well Iran has ranked 8th in the world
when it comes to number of active
military personnel they're estimated to
have five hundred and forty five
thousand ready troops just below
countries like Pakistan and North and
South Korea they're also equipped with
tanks and air force and a navy their
military is powered by a six point three
billion dollar defense budget they claim
that their large military is mostly for
defensive purposes they claim that most
countries make about their own
militaries what makes Iran different
from other countries in the Middle East
is that they have the capability to
build military equipment they
manufacture their own tanks submarines
missiles and have even reversed
engineered drones and what they haven't
built they've obtained from the US
before there were tensions between the
two countries however experts believe
the large military is not as dangerous
as it may sound given the amount of
reported inexperience and corruption
within the ranks but all that could
change if they ever do obtain nuclear
weapons economically Iran is losing
power every day in fact the whole reason
Iran is coming to the table to even talk
about nuclear regulations is to help
ease sanctions brought upon them right
now almost all trading between the
United States and Iran is prohibited
numerous countries have cut down on the
amount of Iranian oil that they import
including the US China Japan India and
Turkey and the UK and Canada have halted
any financial dealings with Iranian
companies this has dealt a brutal hit to
the Iranian economy in 2013 Iran's oil
Minister announced the country was
losing four to eight billion dollars a
month due to embargoes and sanctions
this leaves the country vulnerable to
give in to pressures that they wouldn't
normally agree to so with a large but
unproven military coupled with an
economy that is only getting worse
thanks to low oil prices Iran is not a
world power however they do have some
power thanks to the possibility of
developing nuclear weapons
the fact that they constantly resist the
United States Europe and the United
Nations if they can survive their
economic downturn long enough to not
give in to nuclear regulations an
Iranian nuclear bomb could have major
world-changing implications Iran's
connection with some terrorist
organizations could be seen as even more
of a threat and an Iranian nuclear
weapon could set off a chain reaction in
the Middle East resulting in more
countries developing nuclear
capabilities if you'd like to learn more
about why Iran in the u.s. don't get
along check out this video and thank you
for watching test-tube please subscribe
