the Hobby Lobby case voted on by the
Supreme Court may have gone just like he
would have predicted five justices
appointed by Republican presidents voted
along Republican party lines and the
four Democratic appointees voted along
Democratic lines the same thing happened
with voting rights and campaign finance
reform so does that mean that the US
Supreme Court justices are biased well
based on recent studies it seems they
might be one study at Washington
University in st. Louis showed that for
the most part justices vote in favor of
free speech issues that are in line with
the way they lean politically most
guilty is Justice Thomas a conservative
who is voted with conservative free
speech issues like corporate personhood
sixty five point four percent of the
time likewise he's voted for liberal
free speech issues like women's rights
only twenty three point one percent of
the time a gap of forty two point three
percent that said liberal justices like
Ginsburg have also been found to vote
for liberal free speech issues with
disproportionate frequency another study
out of the University of Chicago looked
at the twenty most significant Supreme
Court cases since 2000 they found that
98 percent of the time
justices voted along party lines which
is an alarming statistic especially when
you consider that supreme court bias is
a fairly new issue a study cited by the
New York Times found that between 1790
and 1930 seven justices voted along
party lines in only one case out of the
71 that they deemed important experts
also point out that prior to the last 25
years
justices switching political leanings
once appointed was not uncommon the last
instance being justice Souter they also
point out that it's been more than 50
years since a democratically appointed
judge consistently voted with
conservatives so why is the Supreme
Court so biased now well it may have
something to do with the increased
polarization of Washington the current
Congress is on track to become the least
productive in history the judges are
closely tied to these parties some may
feel that they owe a lot of their
success to the party that eventually
appointed them while others might be
influenced by their
surroundings in the past Supreme Court
law clerks who work with the justices
were balanced and nonpartisan but over
the last nine terms justices appointed
by Republican presidents have hired
Republican leaning law clerks about 83%
of the time the Democrats have hired
liberal leaning law clerks about 66% of
the time these are just a few examples
showing the current political climate
and Supreme Court and they do indicate
evidence of bias still there have been
recent exceptions specifically the 2012
Obamacare ruling in which Republican
leaning Chief Justice Roberts voted with
a more liberal side of the bench if you
found this episode informative then do
us a favor and subscribe and remember we
upload new videos 6 days a week
