in 2002 George W Bush opened Guantanamo
Bay detention center to hold enemy
combatants these were people captured
after 9/11 during the ongoing war on
terror in January 2009 newly elected
President Obama signed an executive
order to close Guantanamo Bay no later
than one year from the date of the order
as of the release of this video
Guantanamo Bay is still open and still
holding prisoners so why hasn't the
United States closed Guantanamo yet
while the big reason is they simply
don't know what to do with all of the
prisoners one idea was to close the
facility and transfer all the prisoners
to a supermax prison in Illinois eighty
million dollars was earmarked for that
purpose but in May 2009 the Senate voted
to strip the budget of that money
because they felt that having terrorists
on US soil would make the United States
less safe of the hundred and forty eight
prisoners currently being held in
Guantanamo seventy nine had been cleared
for release by the US military these are
men that have never been charged or
tried for a crime but they're still
stuck in Guantanamo because sending them
home is proving difficult their home
countries had been deemed too unstable
to entrust with released prisoners for
example there are 58 detainees from
Yemen cleared for release but the US
doesn't feel comfortable sending people
they suspected were terrorists to a
country rife with terrorism Plus Yemen
had promised to set up a rehabilitation
center like the center set up in Kuwait
has successfully taken on and
subsequently released Guantanamo
prisoners in the past but Yemen has yet
to do this there's also the possibility
of releasing prisoners to neutral
countries that proves difficult as well
in 2009 for Weger muslims detained at
Guantanamo were transferred to Bermuda
because it was the only country willing
to take them in and that's the problem
countries are reluctant to take in
prisoners that have been accused of
terrorist acts because of the
controversy it causes at home that
covers the prisoners that have been
cleared for release but there are also a
lot of prisoners the u.s. is unwilling
to release and most of those remain in
limbo for a number of reasons some
because they haven't been tried for
their crimes yet because it
may not be legal to prosecute them in a
military tribunal or because lawmakers
don't want them brought to the US even
if it's for a trial others haven't been
charged with a crime but have been
deemed too dangerous for release because
of their behavior or experiences while
in detainment there is currently no
workable plan for these prisoners but
President Obama still wants to see
Guantanamo's closure by the time he
leaves office which at this point is
seeming unlikely too many people
including the current commander the
Guantanamo Bay detention facility
Colonel David Heath if you found this
episode informative then please
subscribe and remember we upload new
videos 6 days a week
