the United Kingdom is just smaller than
Oregon and yet at one time it rules 1/4
of the world's population and nearly a
quarter of the world's land mass but
that was then and this is now so how
powerful is the UK today the answer is
still pretty powerful today the UK is
the world's sixth largest economy just
behind France a lot of that is due to
its Island location which makes an
important maritime trade route and
connecting point between North America
mainland Europe and Asia 95% of
Britain's economic activity depends on
these maritime trade routes so to
protect them the UK maintains an active
military personnel of nearly two hundred
and five thousand people with the
world's fifth highest defence budget
their Air Force currently possesses over
200 combat aircrafts as well as a navy
fleet that includes 13 frigates and six
elite destroyers they do lack an
aircraft carrier but they make up for it
with what's known as the nation's
ultimate weapon a continuous at sea
nuclear deterrent these are for
high-tech nuclear capable submarines one
of which is constantly patrolling the
seas surrounding the UK this makes them
powerful but they're still not exactly a
superpower there's a reason why Britain
had to give up their empire world war 2
in the period afterwards maxed out
Britain's resources they became
increasingly dependent on the u.s. lost
control of India and with it an enormous
amount of manpower by 1956 and their
mishandling of the Suez Crisis it was
clear that Britain could no longer
sustain itself or its empire
independently a massed decolonization
ensued with Britain granting
independence to nearly all of their
territories including the release of
Hong Kong as recently as 1997 all of
this leaves the UK today without the
global reach to be considered a
superpower however the country still
exerts enormous political influence as a
key member in many global organizations
including the United Nations Security
Council NATO and the EU through those
organizations and with the support of
the US they've rallied an international
intervention in Iraq Afghanistan and
Libya they also bailed out Ireland and
Greece during the global financial
crisis so while the UK might not be the
superpower it once was
remain a powerful ally for many nations
if you'd like to learn more about the
power of other countries check out our
strength of the nations playlist don't
forget to subscribe and I remember we
release new videos 6 days a week and
subscribing is the absolute best way to
make sure you seem all thanks for
watching
