in June 2016 President Barack Obama met
with exiled Tibetan leader the Dalai
Lama against China's protests China has
maintained direct control over much of
Tibet for decades despite a long growing
independence movement Tibet has its own
vibrant culture and wields spiritual
influence around the world so just how
powerful is Tibet well Tibet is located
on the Tibetan Plateau in Central and
East Asia which spans nearly 1 million
square miles and is the largest plateau
in the world but despite its name the
plateau does not cover all of Tibet it
also includes the North Indian state of
Jammu and Kashmir
moreover China's claim on Tibet is split
between an autonomous region covering
the western and central portions while
the eastern part is made up of several
Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture which are
still within China in 1951 Tibet was
absorbed by China based on an agreement
between the sixteen-year-old Dalai Lama
and the Chinese government although many
have condemned the agreement including
the Dalai Lama himself the exiled
Tibetan government claims it was signed
under duress since President Xi Jinping
took office in 2013 the Chinese
government has detained and prosecuted
hundreds of tibetan protesters the
country's ethnic population is
predominantly Tibetan Buddhists which is
led by the de-facto spiritual leader the
Dalai Lama Tibet is wholly economically
dependent on China which funds nearly
all of its government expenditures and
does not collect taxes from the region
in 2013
Tibet's GDP reached 13 billion dollars
after a double-digit growth rate over
the past two decades but despite that
high growth it's a fairly small GDP for
a population of according to China 3
million Tibetans however the Dalai Lama
has long alleged that there are closer
to 6 million Tibetans an estimate that
likely includes not only Chinese
controlled territory but the surrounding
region also known as Greater Tibet part
of the reason for its small economy is
that the majority of output is based on
sustenance farming meaning that
residents grow food for themselves and
their community
but not enough to sell or trade
additionally due to Tibet Spain's status
as a cultural and religious center as
well as having some of the highest
mountain peaks on earth including Mount
Everest tourism isn't important
source of income as an economically weak
and dependent state with its former
government in exile they would seem that
Tibet should have little international
influence but in fact the opposite is
true the Tibetan independence movement
has gained significant popularity around
the world particularly in Western
countries benefit events like the
Tibetan freedom concert draw tens of
thousands of attendees and organizations
like Free Tibet are known worldwide
President Obama's meeting with the Dalai
Lama is another major confirmation that
despite China's protests the question of
Tibet is still an important focus for
the world's humanitarian efforts
you
