India and Pakistan are currently
involved in open skirmishes along their
mutual border India's Prime Minister
Narendra Modi is also accusing Pakistan
of engaging in a proxy war against India
through terrorism the question is what
started all of this fighting and will we
ever see an end to this conflict while a
lot of the current fighting is over
disputed land but the ill-will and
hostilities date back to the origins of
both nations for hundreds of years the
Indian subcontinent was controlled by
the British until 1947 when the British
left and divided up the country India
was established as a secular nation with
a primarily Hindi and Sikh population
Pakistan was established as an Islamic
nation with a primarily Muslim
population soon after the divide there
was an enormous migration of an
estimated 14 million people these were
Muslims trying to move from India to
Pakistan and Hindus and Sikhs trying to
move from Pakistan to India it remains
one of the largest population exchanges
in history but it was also a human
rights disaster with violence breaking
out on both sides of the border it's
reported that nearly 1 million people
died in the fighting and at least 75,000
women were abducted the extent of that
atrocity cannot be overstated mass
killings rapes and mutilations by both
sides were not uncommon that is the
starting point for this current conflict
but it's not the central cause of the
fighting the dispute is now largely
about land and resources when the
British left the subcontinent they
designated land for both India and
Pakistan but other areas like Kashmir
which was a princely state under the
British were left undecided Britain let
those regions decide their own fate did
they want to join India join Pakistan or
become their own independent nation
unfortunately the people of Kashmir
never fully got their chance to decide
because in 1947 both India and Pakistan
invaded each laying claim to a portion
of the region since then three wars and
countless skirmishes have been fought
over Kashmir India also cited against
Pakistan and Bangladesh as war for
liberation which resulted in eastern
Pakistan becoming Bangladesh and to top
it all off India and Pakistan or
economic rivals that have a large amount
of shared or disputed resources namely
water and oil so dramatic showdowns over
those issues are also possibilities if
you'd like to check out our world at war
playlist click here now and remember we
upload new videos five days a week so
please subscribe
in 1998 the Albanian backed Kosovo
Liberation Army formed and started a
guerrilla war against the Serbian
military and Serbian led police
