Japan is making claim to a string of
uninhabited islands they call the
Senkaku Islands and China is making a
claim to a string of uninhabited islands
they call the Diu Islands the problem is
these are the exact same islands the
dispute is putting extra strain on the
already tense relationship between China
and Japan the question is why are these
things so tense and why have they been
tensed for the last hundred or so years
well there is a shockingly long history
of military conflict between China and
Japan the first recorded battle dates
all the way back to 663 AD but the
incident at the heart of this conflict
is the treatment of the Chinese by the
Japanese during the second sino-japanese
war a war that continued deep into World
War two and included one of the largest
atrocities of modern times the Nanking
Massacre also known as The Rape of
Nanking I should now mention that this
section of our video is going to be
pretty graphic but describing the scale
and cruelty of the Nanking Massacre is
crucial to understanding the
relationship between China and Japan in
1937 imperialist Japan which is a very
different country than current day Japan
invaded China and captured the Chinese
capital of Nanking during the invasion
in the first six weeks of occupation the
Japanese army committed countless
shocking and heinous war crimes
according to the International Military
Tribunal for the Far East the leading
tribunal for those war crimes Japanese
soldiers raped approximately 20,000
women including infants and the elderly
many of these women were mutilated and
left to die this period also saw
widespread looting arson and the murder
of between 40,000 and 300,000 Chinese
civilians including the extrajudicial
killing of Chinese prisoners of war and
a highly publicized murder spree between
two Japanese soldiers to see who could
be the first to kill 100 Chinese
citizens by the sword they both
surpassed this mark on the same night to
great fanfare at home
those are the general details of the
massacre but the stories from the
survivors and Western observers that
were there at the time are much worse
than what we were able to mention here
and the long-term effects of this
atrocity are still having an impact
today The Rape of Nanking is why a large
percentage of the Chinese public still
hates Japan they also hate Japan because
since the Nanking Massacre Japanese
officials and schools and their public
statements and textbooks have downplayed
the Nanking incident making it seem like
less of an atrocity than it actually was
the two nations also have enormous
political and cultural differences China
is a communist nation with close ties to
Russia in a history of siding with the
USSR during the Cold War
Japan is a free market economy with
close ties to the United States in a
history of siding with the u.s. during
the Cold War they are also both making
aggressive gains in military strength
and both fighting for greater influence
in the region the issue over the
disputed islands mentioned at the top of
this video is a microcosm of the greater
dispute between the two nations over
influence and resources the situation is
tense but China and Japan are also trade
partners and as such both their
economies benefit from keeping open
negotiations and a continued peace if
you'd like to hear more about tensions
between countries check out our video on
the rocky relationship between Serbia
and Albania in 1998 the Albanian backed
Kosovo Liberation Army formed and
started a guerrilla war against the
Serbian military and Serbian led police
Serbia retaliated thousands of ethnic
Albanians died in the fighting and
hundreds of thousands were forced from
their homes
thank you for watching test-tube we
release five episodes a week subscribing
is the best way to get those videos into
your feet
