recently three American girls were
stopped in Germany enroute to join Isis
and Turkey in fact many women are
flocking to the Middle East to join Isis
estimates put the number in the hundreds
but why why are women so eager to join a
militant group that's so publicly anti
women well the answer is complicated in
that there isn't really just one reason
once women successfully join Isis they
usually cut off ties with their old life
leaving only a trail of mystery for
their families to try to figure out the
main recruiting tool Isis is using to
attract women is social media
Isis is active on both Twitter and
Facebook and regularly releases online
recruiting videos promising women a
chance to join a new utopian society the
internet is also used as a tool for
marriage where Western women meet Isis
soldiers that they will soon marry to
become jihad brides these Brides help
the cause by cooking cleaning and
raising children a far cry from the
utopian society they were promised
some experts studying the motives of
Western women joining Isis claimed that
it may just be for the adventure of it
all young women just like young men are
attracted to traveling to a foreign land
and fighting in a war women who join
Isis write about military training and
learning how to shoot guns but Isis
doesn't use women on their front lines
they use them more as police Manning
checkpoints and inspecting other Muslim
women women are also joining Isis for
religious reasons Isis fighters are
Sunni Muslims and preach about how their
community is being persecuted which
helps influence Sunni women all around
the world by joining Isis they believe
that they're helping a cause that's
directly protecting their cultures way
of life other Western women feel
alienated in their own countries for
reasons like the French ban on Muslim
veils women are joining Isis because
they want to be on the front lines of a
new Islamic state again there isn't just
one reason these women are joining Isis
and we're not exactly sure how they're
being treated after they join yes some
do still update their social media pages
but some experts think that Isis men are
the ones that are actually controlling
what's written on them what we do know
is how Isis views
women there's evidence of sex slavery
rape and death sentences and the
perplexing thing is some women who join
Isis not only agree with this treatment
but are traveling halfway across the
world in order to support it if you'd
like to know more about the women who
are fighting against Isis click here now
the women's protection unit also known
as the ypj is an all-female volunteer
contingent of Kurdistan's army they are
over 7000 strong and make up 35% of all
the Kurdish troops in Syria now remember
we upload new videos five days a week so
please subscribe
