a football match in Serbia between the
Serbian and Albanian national teams was
cancelled midway through after a brawl
broke out on the field several videos
captured the fighting which began when a
drone carrying an Albanian flag hovered
over the pitch prompting a member of the
Serbian team to rip the flag down to
talk about why this is significant we
must first talk about the history of
these two countries the conflict between
the Serbs and the Albanians
mainly centers around Kosovo which is
more than 90% ethnically Albanian but
has historically been controlled by
Serbia at one point Kosovo and Serbia
were both part of Yugoslavia which was a
country for most of the 20th century but
has since broken up Kosovo was declared
an autonomous province of Serbia in the
1974 Yugoslavian but in practice they
were still largely under Serbian control
then in the early 1980s an Albanian led
Kosovo independence movement emerged
pushing for total separation from Serbia
the movement saw at least 10 people
killed and many more imprisoned during
all of this communist leader and Serbian
national slobodan milosevic was gaining
power he visited Kosovo in 1987 to
reassure the Serbian minority population
there that Albanian mistreatment of
Serbians would not be tolerated then in
1989 he became the president of Serbia
and rescinded Kosovo's autonomous status
putting them entirely under serbian rule
he also took control of the media and
schools in kosovo in 1998 the albanian
backed kosovo liberation army formed and
started a guerrilla war against the
serbian military and serbian led police
Serbia retaliated thousands of ethnic
Albanians died in the fighting and
hundreds of thousands were forced from
their homes the treatment of Albanians
was deemed bad enough that in early 1999
NATO intervened launching airstrikes
against Serbian targets eventually
Serbia relented and withdrew troops from
Kosovo but not before an estimated
225,000 Coase of our men went missing
and at least 5,000 Coast bars were known
to be executed the US government accused
Serbian leadership of ethnic
cleansing and the Kosovo Liberation Army
killed over 300 Serbs in retaliation
bringing the total number of Serbs
killed in the conflict to more than 1500
after Serbia withdrew Kosovo was led by
UN interim administration until 2008
when they declared independence an
independence that Serbia refused to
recognize in a 2013 deal Serbia finally
did recognize Kosovo's government but
not the country as an independent state
in exchange for this Kosovo agreed to
let a small northern section of Kosovo
with a large Serbian population run its
own district complete with its own
police as of now things are better
between the two sides but there is still
tension in the area so what does this
have to do with a football match well
the flag in question showed a map of
Greater Albania which represents what
Albanians feel is their historic native
land this includes Kosovo the flag is
seen as a symbol of nationalism by
Albanians including the Kosovo born
players on the Albanian team but it's
also seen as an insult by Serbians hence
the tension and eventual fighting if
you'd like to hear about other
international conflicts please check out
our world at war playlist where we cover
things like the conflict between Israel
and Palestine during this conflict over
700,000 Palestinians left the area or
were displaced and Israel had expanded
their nation to control what is now
about 78% of historic Palestine
Palestinians claim that after the war
Israel wouldn't let them return home
forcing most of them to live in the West
Bank and the Gaza Strip both areas now
function as a home for Palestinian
refugees
