in the u.s. more than six hundred and
ten thousand people on any given night
are homeless most are individuals living
in cities but not all of them some of
them live in towns others live in rural
areas
a large number our families more than
half of those family members are
children on any given night there are
also a number of homeless children
without families the point is
homelessness isn't an isolated or
big-city problem that only affects
individuals it can affect anybody
anywhere if you'd like to help we've
included some links to various
organizations that can help you join
advocate donate or volunteer to fight
homelessness to see another video on
issues that are affecting people now
please go to our social issues playlist
or please subscribe and all of our
videos will start showing up in your
feed
