the current outbreak of Ebola in West
Africa is the worst in history the CDC
has estimated that up to one point four
million people in Sierra Leone and
Liberia could end up with Ebola and less
efforts to contain the disease or
dramatically increased so what's
currently being done about the epidemic
in West Africa and is it going to be
enough well we're doing a lot but
possibly still not enough
containing Ebola is a matter of building
up resources and disseminating
information to things that West Africa
is currently struggling with but things
are starting to move in the right
direction
the US has committed an estimated 3,000
troops to the area including members of
the Army Corps of Engineers to help
coordinate the relief effort it's also
reported that they'll be constructing 17
bola treatment centers in Liberia with
room for about 1,700 beds they intend to
train up to 500 health workers a week to
staff those facilities and others in
West Africa they're also going to
increase the number of health workers
sent from the CDC and to that end
they're currently looking for volunteers
so if you are a health worker and you're
interested in joining the relief effort
here's where you can apply in addition
to all of that the u.s. is providing
protection kits immediately targeting
400,000 of the most vulnerable
households in Liberia and they're
sending tens of thousands of Ebola
testing kids according to the White
House press secretary the US has already
spent a hundred million dollars on the
relief effort which is large amount but
still nowhere near the 1 billion dollars
that the UN thinks is necessary to fully
contain the disease
fortunately the US isn't the only game
in town and resources are starting to
pour in from other places but they still
aren't close to where they need to be
just yet
there are also strong efforts in place
to inform the West African public about
the dangers of Ebola and the best ways
to protect against infection but
progress is slow a lot of the high-risk
populations are illiterate and don't
have access to television or radio so
getting the information to them via mass
communications isn't really a workable
strategy that means developing
grassroots campaigns and aggressive
door-to-door strategies are currently
the best option Sierra Leone ran the
largest operation of this kind
they put the entire country on lockdown
for three full days and insisted that
people stay in their homes so that aid
workers could go door to door with bars
of soap and information about the
disease they reached more than 75% of
the one and a half million households
they were targeting obviously this is an
ongoing issue so if you're interested in
learning more about it then please go
check out our playlist on the subject it
includes our other two videos on Ebola
as well as some work by new sources that
we consider reliable and remember we
upload new videos five days a week so
please subscribe
