at least 140 Americans are currently
fighting for the Islamic state in Iraq
or Syria known as Isis and there are
some concern that these Americans could
come back to commit terrorist attacks in
the US these are still technically
Americans with valid passports so how
vulnerable are we is an attack on US
soil by Isis imminent we can't be
certain but as of right now it seems
unlikely that one of these Americans
would be able to make it back to America
and carry out an attack Isis does most
of their recruiting through social media
so US intelligence is finding it easy to
identify Westerners who have made it
into Iraq and Syria Plus getting from
Iraq or Syria to the u.s. without using
air travel is almost impossible so these
Westerners will have to pass numerous
checkpoints and security stops along the
way including US Customs which has some
of the most rigid security protocols in
the world according to will McCants
director of the project on US relations
with the Islamic world at the Brookings
Institution we're going to know who
these guys are and we're going to watch
them closely as they transit home plus
Isis doesn't have a history of sending
recruits back in fact no one in this
conflict does only about four to six
plots involving five to ten people in
the West have come out of this conflict
that includes all foreign nationals who
have fought in Iraq and Syria from both
Europe and the Americas and Isis doesn't
currently consider terrorism abroad to
be a priority other terrorist groups
like Al Qaeda want to end Western
influence in the Middle East and they
see attacking Western nations directly
as their best chance of establishing an
Islamic state Isis sees claiming
territory in Iraq and Syria as their
best chance at establishing an Islamic
state so Isis may not even be interested
in staging attacks in the US so does
that make us safe no Isis may not attack
us but their influence does still
increase our chances of getting attacked
al Qaeda and Isis are in a recruiting
war of sorts and attacking the US could
be a good way for al Qaeda to tip the
scales in that war and Isis's recruiting
efforts are working these efforts
include incendiary language that may
spur along in depend
detects something along the lines of the
Boston Marathon bombing which was
planned and carried out by two
individuals not a larger terrorist group
plus Isis's strategy may change they're
not interested in terrorism abroad now
but if the u.s. gets more involved in
the fighting or Isis stabilizes the area
they may see an attack inside the US as
their next best move to find out more
about this issue and other world
conflicts please click on our world at
war playlist new videos five days a week
please subscribe
