during the Cold War President Reagan
talked a lot about creating a global
strategic defense system that would
render ballistic missiles impotent and
obsolete it was all part of his Star
Wars program he saw it as a real chance
for world peace but pretty much everyone
else saw it as a dream that was too good
to be true but now with Israel and their
Iron Dome defense system shooting down
missiles at a shockingly consistent rate
how close are we to realizing that dream
as the iron dome rendered ballistic
missiles impotent and obsolete will this
really get us closer to world peace if
you follow the israeli-palestinian
conflict you know that the answer to
that last question is probably no but
you're also likely aware of how
ineffective the Iron Dome has rendered
Hamas as missiles it shot down about 87%
of its targets in this most recent
conflict a number that seems even more
impressive when you consider that nearly
3,000 missiles were lobbed at Israel
during the time period which is by no
means a small sample size the Iron Dome
works by identifying the threat
launching an interceptor missile guiding
it to the threat and exploding the
interceptor near enough to eliminate it
it's a series of easily transportable
units with a firing control radar and
portable missile launcher because of its
size and comparable low cost it can be
moved quickly and used often it is by
far the best strategic defence system
for eliminating short-range targets but
the system does have its critics they
argue that the Iron Dome works well
against the missiles at stopping now but
it may not work as well against more
technically advanced missiles or longer
range missiles because they tend to fly
at higher altitudes it also may not work
as efficiently as the Israeli government
is reporting there are some who
questioned Israel's numbers which come
directly from the Israeli military who
have an understandable interest in the
program's success plus some argue that
the Iron Dome actually makes conflicts
in the area worse not better they claim
that without the fear of retaliation
from neighboring regions and political
militant factions within Palestine
itself Israel has no real need to
approach a peaceful end to this or any
other conflict there is concern that
this immunity makes the need for peace
less urgent this is obviously a
sensitive topic so please be respectful
fill in the comments if you'd like to
know more about how this whole conflict
started and why Israel wanted a
strategic defense system in the first
place please click now in light of the
frequency of incidents it may be good to
focus on the conflict as a whole instead
of the recent activities so let's go
back how did this all start we release
five new videos a week please subscribe
you
