in 1977 smallpox was successfully
eradicated it was a big day for world
health and everyone was excited by the
possibility of a disease-free world but
since then we've eradicated
well nothing not one human affecting
disease and it's not for lack of trying
take polio for example we know how it
spreads and we have the vaccine so why
are we able to eradicate it while having
the vaccine is only half the battle and
the other half may involve creating
world peace more than 90 percent of
polio cases are asymptomatic meaning
that most people who have polio don't
show symptoms or even know that they
have the disease so we can't eradicate
it entirely from the living population
all we can do is vaccinate people and
hope that the disease eventually starves
out but that's harder to do than you
might think because war-torn countries
and terrorists controlled areas are
especially difficult to vaccinate many
of them impossible the Taliban in
northern Pakistan for example is
currently boycotting international
vaccination efforts as a way of
protesting US drone attacks
we're also suspicious of vaccination
programs because the CIA has a history
of using them as a cover for covert ops
adding to all of this is the fact that
polio spreads more quickly in areas with
poor hygiene and bad sanitation so
war-torn nations poverty stricken areas
and refugee communities are all seeing
an increase in the disease in 2012 there
were 223 reported cases of polio in 2013
that number rose to 417 new cases and
3/5 of those were in areas previously
deemed polio free it spread from
Pakistan to Afghanistan Syria to Iraq
Cameroon to Equatorial Guinea and the
list goes on in all of those places are
hotspots for violence extremist groups
poverty and conflicts in general to have
a real shot at truly eradicating polio
or any other disease we'd first have to
band together to eradicate violence
oppression and poverty worldwide which
is no small feat if you found this
episode informative and want more daily
videos from us please subscribe if you'd
like to see more test-tube hit the other
box now and we'll call up a video for
you thanks for watching and please let
us know in the comments what you think
about this video or anything else that's
on your mind
