during the protests that erupted in
response to the killing of Michael Brown
by a Ferguson Missouri police officer
numerous reporters covering the story
have been arrested by law enforcement
some journalists even claimed that they
were assaulted and harassed actions that
press freedom groups are condemning as
violations of the journalists First
Amendment rights but what are those
rights exactly well the First Amendment
gives citizens the right to freedom of
speech and freedom of the press these
are the rights that enable reporters to
say and print whatever stories they want
and if that was all reporters ever did
then there would be no issue but they
also investigate incidents gather
information and attempt to access people
places and things and there is no
constitutional amendment to protect
those rights so their freedoms can be
limited for example journalists can be
denied access to prisons or prisoners
they can also be denied access to people
in protective custody and crime scenes
government meetings transcripts and
information can be labeled classified
and kept from journalists in some
instances the government can also
intimidate journalists by withholding
access to officials or by forcing them
to reveal their sources under threat of
imprisonment all examples of how our
freedom of the press is not technically
free and to make matters worse
journalists constitutional freedoms can
also temporarily be taken away by law
enforcement and Ferguson is a perfect
example of this the journalists arrested
there were all in public attempting to
gather news via observation and
interview all of which is a hundred
percent legal
despite that police still arrested or
detained these journalists removing them
from the situation and preventing them
from further reporting on it and these
journalists couldn't claim freedom of
the press to get out of being illegally
detained freedom of the press may be a
powerful argument in court but it is not
a particularly persuasive argument when
someone is arresting you now the only
recourse that these journalists have is
to file a lawsuit or have an
after-the-fact discussion with the
officials but the damage is already done
they can't go back in time and reclaim
their freedom of the press from the
night before and that is one of the many
reasons that international groups like
Reporters Without Borders and Freedom
House give the u.s. a poor
remove the press ranking the US is
currently tied for 30th on the Freedom
House list and 46th on the Reporters
Without Borders list if you care about
this issue please do your part and share
this video with your friends online and
if you found this video informative
please subscribe to the channel we put
out five new videos a week and
subscribing is the best way to access
everything
