experts say the global population will
reach 10 billion by 2060 but growth in
countries like China and the US has
remained steady and even decreased over
the last few decades so which countries
actually have the fastest growing
populations well impoverished countries
tend to populate faster than their
developed counterparts in fact most of
the fastest growing countries are in
Africa which has an overall population
that's expected to double over the next
40 years this is particularly true in
South Sudan which became an autonomous
state in 2005 and an independent nation
in 2011 the country's population has
grown by roughly 4 percent every year
compared to a global growth rate of just
over 1 percent a year one expert says
that this particularly reflects South
Sudan's effort to rebuild their populace
after more than 50 years of conflict
with the north others place the emphasis
on the country's shockingly high
fertility rate of more than five births
per woman compared to the global average
of almost two and a half sex education
is uncommon in South Sudan and roughly
two percent of women use modern methods
of contraception due to a lack of access
and cultural norms that discourage birth
control one of the fastest growing
populations outside of Africa is the
small Middle Eastern country of Oman the
country's population has nearly doubled
in the last 25 years and grown by nearly
10 percent every year since 2011
interestingly these numbers do not
reflect high fertility rates women in
Oman average between two and three
children each compared to more than
eight per woman in the 1980s instead a
monster oath rate is largely a result of
immigration out of a population of 4
million nearly half are immigrants most
come from India Pakistan and Bangladesh
in the hopes of finding a job in a Mons
rapidly growing economy this is
particularly prevalent in its capital
Muscat where immigrants actually
outnumber Omani nationals a similar
phenomenon can be found in Lebanon which
in 2014 showed a population growth rate
of nearly 10% considering the country's
extremely low fertility rate Lebanon's
sudden growth can almost entirely be
attributed to an influx of refugees from
neighbouring Syria Palestine and Iraq
refugees account for
more than a quarter of Lebanon's
population a larger proportion than any
country in the world
this has placed a huge burden on
Lebanon's relatively weak economy and
unstable infrastructure and has led the
country to crack down on residency and
border control for a lot of countries
moderate population growth reflects a
healthy economy and functioning society
but for other nations particularly those
that are less developed a growing
population brings an entirely new set of
challenges more people means a
heightened demand for resources and
infrastructure as well as jobs and
housing as the global population
continues to grow these problems will
only become larger in regions that are
ill-equipped to handle them we couldn't
make fascinating episodes like this
without our sponsor domain.com join
millions of others online with your com
or.net domain name be recognized with
the world's premier web addresses and
our friends at domain.com are giving
seeker fans 20% off domain names and web
hosting when you use coupon code seeker
at checkout on the other side of the
spectrum are countries with rapidly
dwindling populations which come with
their own enormous set of problems and
often complicated causes to learn which
countries around the world have the
fastest shrinking populations check out
this video
in Bulgaria it's estimated that 20
percent of college students study abroad
and of those roughly 80 percent stay
abroad the governments of Bulgaria and
Moldova have launched aggressive
campaigns to combat population decline
which include financial incentives for
having more children and job
opportunities to lure back expats thanks
for watching seeker daily don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
