an appeals court in Florida recently
upheld a law making it illegal for
doctors to ask their patients about guns
the courts argument for the law is quite
simply that the practice of good
medicine does not require interrogation
about irrelevant private matters like
guns so they think doctors shouldn't be
asking you about your guns the argument
against the law calls it a violation of
doctors First Amendment rights that
threatens their ability to counsel
parents about how to protect children
from unintentional injury and death they
think doctors should be talking about
guns and gun safety it could keep their
patients healthy and safe which they
argue is a doctor's purpose both
arguments have their value and both
point to the same question what should
doctor/patient conversations be like
where is the line from an ethical
perspective the American Medical
Association has an extensive code of
ethics that addresses everything from
cloning to how to use research from
unethical medical experiments they are
all for doctors explaining all the
ethical and unethical ways cloning can
be used they're also okay with using
research from unethical medical
experiments so long as the origins of
the research and the ethics of how it
was gotten are fully explained those two
examples have one thing in common and
it's the key to understanding this issue
doctors in the medical community are all
about giving you as much information as
they can in the most honest way possible
which is why they ask you about sex and
drugs and guns they don't necessarily
need or want to know that information
about you personally they just want you
to know the information that they know
about that stuff and asking whether or
not you have a gun is a great way to
determine whether or not you need to
know what they know about gun safety you
don't have to take that advice or change
anything about how you're living or even
have that conversation at all if your
doctor asks you about guns and you don't
think it's any of their business just
say so they'll respect that one of their
main ethical codes is patient autonomy
that's the patient's right to choose
what medical treatment they are willing
to receive the patient also has the
right to courtesy respect dignity
responsiveness and timely attention to
his or her needs so why does the law
exist in Florida well the law in Florida
isn't really about doctors or patients
it's about Florida politics and the NRA
who backed the original bill but
regardless if you're in Florida and you
want to know what your doctor has to say
about gun safety you can still just ask
if you found this video informative
please hit the subscribe button now we
release five videos a week on a large
range of topics and subscribing is the
best way to get these videos to you if
you'd like to see another video right
away click on the box at the top
