there are a few ways to legally become a
US citizen but the absolute easiest way
is to be born here that is literally all
you need to do your parents don't have
to be American you don't have to be
raised in America you don't even have to
stay in the United States you just have
to be born on US soil and as a result of
this the current ease of global travel
and the rise of new economies in places
like South Korea Turkey Taiwan and China
to name a few a booming birth tourism
industry now exists
pregnant women are coming to the US for
the exclusive purpose of giving birth
and obtaining US citizenship for the
child and as I said this is totally
legal so how did we get here well the
question of who can and cannot become a
US citizen has been a hotly debated
topic since the beginning of our nation
we're going to try and stay out of that
argument while giving you some history
on the issue the u.s. started with a
very strict citizenship policy that only
enabled land owning white men to become
citizens this policy has since changed
drastically with restrictions on
citizenship widening and tightening
based on the cultural climate at the
time for example in 1790 they widened
the citizenship base by dropping the
landowning requirement and allowing
white males to become citizens after
living in the country for only two years
this was in response to a large increase
in non land owning white males then
through legislation in 1795 and 98 they
tightened citizenship laws by requiring
that people live in the United States
for at least fourteen years in order to
gain citizenship this was in response to
a sudden influx of European immigrants
from Germany Ireland and Scotland the
law allowing citizenship by birth didn't
exist prior to the passing of the 14th
amendment in 1868 it was passed as a way
to guarantee citizenship to African
Americans and their children this was
done in the wake of the Civil War and
the abolition of slavery citizenship by
birth started as a simple legal way to
enfranchise
the enormous population of African
Americans that had previously been
restricted from citizenship because of
their skin color a problem the United
States does not have today so why are we
not tightening our citizenship laws
again we aren't doing so because the
United States has an enormous and Perm
an illegal immigrant population and
addressing the problem of birth tourism
also means addressing immigration reform
not something many lawmakers feel like
taking on right now if you found this
video informative please subscribe and
share it online if you'd like to see
more click now to watch our video on how
the government is regulating your sex
life those are the crazy sex laws they
are both creepy and problematic because
what constitutes unnatural is totally up
to the state new videos five days a week
please subscribe it is the best way to
see all of our content
