the competition between the United
States and the Soviet Union sparked some
of the greatest innovations and
technological developments in history so
what exactly propelled these two world
powers into space
well the race is considered to have
begun in 1955 that year both the United
States and the Soviet Union made
announcements just a few days from each
other that they would launch an
artificial satellite into Earth's orbit
within two to three years but in reality
it wasn't the satellites that had either
side worried but the ability to get them
into space at the time the two countries
were in the early stages of the Cold War
and desperately developing long-range
ballistic missiles these are launched at
a steep angle exit the atmosphere and
then re-enter it to hit their target
worst case scenario equipped with a
nuclear weapon the ability to get a
satellite into orbit also meant they
could get a weapon into space originally
the Russians plan to use an enormous 1
and a half ton satellite to dwarf
anything the Americans could send up
there but when that proved to be
unreliable they instead settled on a
tiny roughly 2 foot wide polished metal
sphere weighing just 185 pounds and
containing little more than a radio
transmitter the satellite was named
Sputnik which translates to well seeker
or fellow traveler when Sputnik was
launched on October 4th 1957
it took America from being the undoubted
world leader in innovation to being well
behind and in danger of Russia's
technological advantages this was known
as the Sputnik crisis and led to
President Dwight Eisenhower placing
considerably more military importance on
winning the space race that meant a much
bigger budget for space research and
development when Russia achieved another
first and put an actual human into orbit
just four years later the u.s. realized
they were very far behind by this time
John F Kennedy was president and had
just been majorly embarrassed by the
failed Bay of Pigs invasion in 1962 the
president announced that they would beat
Russia to the moon within a decade in
what was called the we choose to go to
the moon
each although Kennedy was assassinated a
year after the speech the u.s. launched
Apollo 11 just several years later in
1969 after three days of spaceflight on
July 20th astronauts Neil Armstrong and
Buzz Aldrin became the first human
beings to step foot on another celestial
body it was a huge deal and Soviet Union
never managed to catch up to the feat
before their collapse in 1991 but in the
time since the moon landing the space
race has slowly shifted from being an
all-out competition to a global
cooperation today the International
Space Station program is the result of a
collaboration between 15 countries with
the US and Russia at the forefront but
we wonder how far could we have gotten
if it wasn't a race to begin with when
it comes to the space race most people
think of the Apollo program and how they
landed people on the moon but before
Apollo was Gemini and without it Apollo
would never have gotten off the ground
check out why Gemini revolutionized
human spaceflight in this new dnews plus
series Germany was the program that
really taught NASA how to live and work
and fly in space without gemiini we
wouldn't have figured out all the things
we needed to get Apollo to the moon
thanks for watching seeker daily please
don't forget to Like and subscribe to
see new videos every day
