ride-sharing apps like uber and lyft are
now operating in cities all over the
world but they don't appear to follow
any of the normal rules for taxis or car
services in fact they don't even have to
register as a car service so what's
going on our uber and lyft even legal
technically yes they are legal primarily
because they're not really car services
there's social networking services all
they do is connect people who want rides
with people who offer rides I'm sure
they'd hate this analogy but think of
them as a huge phonebook with all of the
possible drivers listed by proximity to
you like the phonebook it's on the
people looking for rides to choose which
drivers they want and it's up to the
drivers to operate their business within
the law that last part is actually
tougher than you'd think and it's where
all of eber z' and lifts legal issues
are currently stemming from ride-sharing
services can't guarantee that their
drivers are operating within the law
because those drivers are independent
contractors but if they want to stay
open
they still need drivers that comply with
the laws so they've been taking steps in
that direction to be a driver you need
to have a background check and at least
a million dollars in insurance coverage
and that applies to almost every
passenger carrying car in any city but
that's where Oberon lyft stop in most
cities you need more than just those two
requirements in Pittsburgh for example
you also need a certificate of public
convenience most rideshare drivers don't
have that and as a result pittsburgh
issued a cease and desist order on both
goober and lyft just before this past
fourth of July
technically they stated public safety
concerns but it was really about
non-compliance uber and lyft are also
trying to operate in cities with laws
that regulate and benefit taxi companies
cabbies in London for example sued uber
because only certified cabbies in that
city are allowed to have metering
systems inside their cars
uber fired back claiming that they don't
use a metering system and the technology
they do use isn't even based inside of
the car and because of that the London
courts ruled on behalf of uber so that's
the general rundown
uber and lyft are legal but their
drivers may not be and it's up to each
individual city to either adjust shut
ride-sharing down or enable their
drivers to comply
you have anything you want us to cover
do let us know in the comments and if
you'd like to know more interesting
stuff like what powers the president
actually has to evoke change in this
country click here now the Supreme Court
recently ruled that three presidential
appointments were made illegally the
justices unanimously agreed that
President Obama overstepped his powers
which begs the question what powers does
the executive branch actually have
remember we released new episodes five
days a week so click subscribe and you
can get them all right there on your
YouTube feed
