the city of Chicago is currently
experiencing a wave of violent crime
unlike anything they've seen before
people are calling it shock and ik
waiting it to a war zone so what's going
on over there and why is violent crime
escalating so quickly well there are two
main narratives being used to describe
the situation the first one has to do
with the economic and resource issues
that Chicago is currently facing and the
second one focuses on changes within the
criminals themselves now the first
argument is fairly straightforward the
city has a huge problem of segregation
along poverty lines the poor people in
Chicago are isolated in the
neighborhoods with the fewest resources
and almost no opportunities for
advancement it's a situation that's
known to develop and foster a
disenfranchised criminal class but the
city also has a population problem
almost 200 thousand people have left
Chicago since 2000 and the effects have
been devastating businesses are closing
the city is collecting less and taxes
its infrastructure is crumbling in the
middle class is leaving town quickly on
top of that the city just doesn't have
enough cops Chicago is almost a thousand
officers short of authorized strength
and due to budget issues they're unable
to replace cops faster than the rate at
which they're retiring so the problem is
getting worse but that's the narrative
in pretty much any city that has a
problem with violent crime what makes
Chicago different is our second
narrative the one about the criminals
themselves up until 1997 street crime in
Chicago was mostly run by a handful of
gangs most of it was centered around
public housing projects like Cabrini
Green the largest gang in Chicago was
called the Gangster Disciples
and it was run by a man named Larry
Hoover sounds wrong to say but the power
of this one violent gang actually helped
keep gang violence under control then in
1997 Hoover and the rest of the Gangster
Disciples leadership were put in jail
that same year the city started
demolishing those housing projects as a
result gangs had no unified leadership
and no central location for their
activities infighting and territory
disputes started almost immediately and
every year since then things have gotten
worse the Gangster Disciples have split
off into numerous factions as of the
last official estimate there are now
over 600 different gang factions in
Chicago for all fighting against each
other and they're doing it all over the
city
it's a tough situation and unfortunately
there doesn't appear to be an end in
sight if you have anything you'd like us
to cover please let us know in the
comments and if you'd like to know more
interesting stuff like where our
real-life spies come from click here now
spies are clandestine in fact they come
from the national clandestine service a
mysterious subsection of the CIA
shielded from us by an impenetrable
shroud of secrecy and remember we
released new episodes of five days a
week so click subscribe and you can get
them all right there on your YouTube
feed thanks for watching
