starting in 2012 economic crises and AW
still ''tis in central america have led
to a surge of unaccompanied children
attempting to enter illegally into the
United States this year an estimated
52,000 children from Central America
alone will be apprehended by border
control and for the first time ever more
children are coming from Central
American countries than from Mexico
which matters because Mexican children
can be turned away at the border but
Central American children have to be
detained and processed by the Office of
refugee resettlement which leaves them
in US custody for extended periods of
time and our current system is not set
up to handle this high volume of minors
it was built to process up to 8,000
children per year and we can expect to
see more than six times that number in
2014 it's a tough situation and it's not
likely to change anytime soon
why because politicians in the House of
Representatives have little incentive to
fix the problem outgoing House Majority
Leader Eric Cantor's recent loss in
Virginia was largely due to his support
of immigration reform making elected
officials more wary than ever to stand
behind this issue and everything I've
said so far ignores the fact that the
vast majority of Republicans in the
House came from districts where Latinos
make up less than 20% of the population
there isn't much pressure on them to
vote for immigration reform in the first
place if you'd like to learn more
interesting information about the world
click now to see our video about Isis
and the current mess in Iraq but they're
not stopping there their goal is to
obtain more land so they can create
their own nation their dream country it
would look something like this and it
would be called the Islamic state in
Iraq and Syria or Isis click now to keep
watching and please subscribe to the
channel we'll be putting out new
episodes 5 days a week
