once again Boko Haram has made news by
kidnapping women and children in Nigeria
now as we all know there are a terrorist
group so it's often easy for me to
replace the actual group name Boko Haram
with a generic post-911 understanding of
the word terrorist I know this is just
my instinct to group things together to
make them easier to understand but I'd
like to think I can handle more than
just the one word explanation terrorist
so who are the Boko Haram well first off
their real name is not Boko Haram that's
just what the local people call them
roughly it means Western education
forbidden but the actual group's name is
the congregation of the people of
tradition for proselytism and jihad that
is how they self-identify and it says
pretty much everything there are a group
of people holding on to traditional
Islamic values spreading and fighting
for those values which on its face
doesn't sound all that violent initially
they weren't the group was started by
Muhammad Youssef in 2002 with the
intention of creating a true Islamic
society under Sharia law which is the
strictest most literal version of Islam
there were always a radical group but
not necessarily a dangerous one they
were like a tiny motorcycle club of
extreme Islamists who'd have occasional
and somewhat escalating desktops with
the authorities then in 2009 everything
came to a head Nigerian security forces
killed Yousef and many of his followers
and what the media at the time called
the Boko Haram uprising but uses
followers consider that incident a
massacre of their people more than an
actual uprising and that is what turned
them into the horrible militant biker
gang we have today their new leader
Abubakar Shekau has not changed the
values of the group at all but he does
have them more focused on the last word
in their name jihad specifically violent
jihad against anyone not practicing
their exact form of extreme
fundamentalism basically they want for
things they want Nigeria to follow their
strict version of Sharia law they want
the end of Western education in Nigeria
they want death to anyone who doesn't
share their beliefs and they want to end
the current government which they deem
corrupt and blasphemous so they're very
close to exactly what you think they are
terrace with these guys have motorcycles
and are a tad more concerned with ending
Western education than your
run-of-the-mill terrorist group
the kidnapping of schoolchildren from
Western high schools in Nigeria if you'd
like to learn more interesting
information about the world click now to
see our video about Isis and the current
mess in Iraq while there a jihadist
militant group with strongholds in both
Iraq and Syria as you can see on this
map but they're not stopping there and
remember we'll be putting out new
episodes 5 days a week so click now to
keep watching and please subscribe to
the channel
