our FIFA and the World Cup a form of war
profiteering I'll admit at the top that
calling any organization war profiteers
is a little dicey and that equated a
bunch of soccer matches to a war is an
extreme overstatement but hey sometimes
hyperbole can be helpful so with that
said let's do a little thought
experiment showing what if you were told
that there was going to be an impending
world event that was going to happen
inside of your nation it was going to
affect everyone and this event was going
to force the displacement of an
estimated 250,000 people like the World
Cup reportedly did in Brazil and that it
would cause the deaths of thousands like
the build-up to the next World Cup and
cut them a do how about that this world
event would cost your country an
estimated 11 billion dollars that it can
never recover that prior to the event
there would be widespread protests
begging leaders not to enter the event
at all that during the event your
country would be flooded with hundreds
of thousands of foreign nationals that
this event would turn some people into
national heroes and others international
disgraces and that the only concrete
thing left in its wake would be
abandoned buildings so with all that
what would you say we're talking about a
war because sounds a lot like a war now
what have I told you that one
organization was slated to make 2
billion dollars off of this event
without ever having to take
responsibility for that chaos and
suffering and that they were the very
same organization that pushed your
government into this world of it you'd
say that they were war profiteers
wouldn't you I don't know maybe they
just really love football if you like
this video and you want to see more
interesting stuff click now to see our
video on Isis and the current mess in
Iraq their goal is to obtain more land
so they can create their own nation
their dream country it would look
something like this and it would be
called the Islamic state in Iraq and
Syria or Isis please click now to keep
watching and subscribe to the channel
we'll be putting out new episodes 5 days
a week
