the disappearance of a prominent Saudi
journalist last week in Turkey shocked
the world jamal Khashoggi is a
Washington Post journalist and Saudi
royal family advisor turned exiled
critic he mysteriously vanished on
October 2nd 2018 the last place he was
seen was at the Saudi Arabian consulate
in Istanbul Turkey
he entered but reportedly never left
over a week later little is known about
cash OGIS whereabouts Turkish officials
now fear the worst
they worry that the Saudis murdered the
journalists and cold blood when he
entered the diplomatic station but why
would Saudi Arabia even want him dead
Jamal Khashoggi wasn't always a critic
of the Saudi regime in fact he had a
history of working very closely with the
Saudi government he even served as an
advisor to senior Saudi officials for
time he graduated from Indiana State
University in 1982 before launching his
career as a journalist he even went on
to work at various Saudi publications
and news channels he made a name for
himself for his foreign reporting from
places like Algeria Kuwait and
Afghanistan during the Soviet rule he
even interviewed Saudi national Osama
bin Laden on multiple occasions before
bin Laden went on to become the leader
of al Qaeda his coverage made him one of
Saudi Arabia's leading journalists he
went on to hold several editor positions
at leading Saudi newspapers and became
the general manager of Al Arab news
channel despite his close relationship
with the Saudi royal family his vocal
support for reforms often got him in
trouble he was even forced out of
several newsroom leadership positions on
several occasions he advocated for equal
rights for women criticized the
kingdom's crackdown on human rights
activists and he also called for greater
press freedoms in 2018 Saudi Arabia
ranked 169 out of 180 on reporters
without borders World Press Freedom
Index Jamal was always a what you might
think of as an institutional reformist
he always supported reform he always you
know supported liberalisation that was
especially true after the new Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman became the de
facto leader Khashoggi fled Saudi Arabia
in September 2017 and went into
self-imposed exile in the United States
he really read the tea leaves well on
that because right after he fled Saudi
Arabia and
yes embarked on a massive arrest
campaign of any sort of independent
voices prominent clerics dissidents
economists and others were really
rounded up in mass and Jamel probably
would have been one of them Khashoggi
became even more outspoken in his exile
he became a journalist for The
Washington Post he openly criticized the
saudi-led coalition to military campaign
in Yemen as well as Mohammed bin Salman
leadership but if Khashoggi was an exile
and feared the Saudi government what was
he doing in the consulate in Istanbul
just a note we want to point out that
some of the following information might
be disturbing to some of our viewers
Jamel khashoggi entered the consulate on
October 2nd to pick up official divorce
documents documents he needed to be able
to marry his Turkish fiancee she was
waiting for him outside of the entrance
of the Saudi compound she was the only
witness to see him enter she waited for
11 hours but says he never emerged days
later Turkish officials leaked
information to various news
organizations that investigators
believed Khashoggi was murdered by a
team of 15 Saudi agents the widely
reported allegation is that his body was
dismembered inside of the consulate the
Turkish government has not publicly made
this claim yet nor has it released
evidence to back up the reports of his
alleged murder Saudi Arabia and Turkey
have had you know some bumps in their
relationship over the last few years so
you know things haven't been great
between the two countries but they I
don't think that things between them
have have descended into sort of open
diplomatic warfare if you will and I
thought unfortunately this does have the
potential to to possibly lead there
Saudi Arabia denies the reports of his
murder Mohammed bin Salman even
responded to the accusations himself
exclusively to Bloomberg News on October
5th he said my understanding is he
entered and he got out after a few
minutes or one hour I'm not sure we are
investigating this through the foreign
ministry to see exactly what happened at
that time
Saudi officials claim that the
journalist exited using another entrance
to the building but when acts to provide
proof of this claim like security
footage
they say the cameras weren't working at
the time I you know have a hard time
believing that if they really want to
prove that Jamal left the embassy they
should produce whatever evidence that
they have that shows that like just
saying it is not enough the
disappearance of Jamel khashoggi has
created international pressure on the
kingdom to produce evidence of what
happened to the journalists the US and
Saudi Arabia have been allied since the
end of World War two with deep military
and economic links despite obvious
differences in approach to human rights
even one of Mohammed bin Salman is
closest allies President Donald Trump
weighed in we do not like seeing what's
going on now as you know they're saying
we had nothing to do with it
but so far everyone's saying they had
nothing to do with it and it's inside of
Turkey and the Turkish government is
working very strongly so far so we'll
see what happens it was later confirmed
that national security adviser John
Bolton and White House senior adviser
Jared Kushner spoke directly to Mohammed
bin Salman on this issue it's important
to note here that Kushner and the Crown
Prince have had a particularly close
relationship as international pressure
mounts Saudi Arabia said on the 9th that
it will allow Turkish investigators to
search the consulate over a week after
khashoggi went missing but some say this
won't be enough to solve the case of his
disappearance I think you know barring
any new revelation you know that's just
gonna always point to some sort of Saudi
role in Jamal's disappearance the United
States has notoriously turned a blind
eye to Saudi Arabia's actions in recent
decades but in an era of America first
it's even less likely that the u.s. or
the international community will respond
to see what happens I don't like
stopping massive amounts of money that's
being poured into our country
I know they're talking about different
kinds of sanctions but they're spending
110 billion dollars on military
equipment and on things that create jobs
like jobs and others for this country
this is the case with global
implications for diplomacy and the
safety of journalists and it's a story
we will continue to monitor very closely
here at now this
