the Taliban now threatens large parts of
Afghanistan an Isis linked group has
emerged in civilian deaths are expected
to rise this year nearly two decades
after the United States invaded the
country following the September 11th
attacks the war in Afghanistan is now 17
years old making it the longest-running
war in United States history to put that
number into perspective
young Americans can now enlist to fight
in a war that began before they were
even born according to the UN in 2017
over 10,000 civilians were killed or
injured as a result of the conflict and
it fears this year's number will be
considerably higher many people have
lost their lives and millions have been
forced to flee their homes since the
beginning of this war and the financial
cost of this war is upwards of a
trillion dollars according to some
estimates so why did the United States
invade Afghanistan in the first place
and is anyone really winning this war
let's start in 1996 when the Taliban a
hardline group came to power in
Afghanistan many considered this new
government to be extreme because of
their policies that restricted the
rights of ethnic minorities and women
the u.s. also didn't like the fact that
the Taliban regime offered safe haven to
the violent extremist group al Qaeda by
allowing it to operate training camps in
Afghanistan and after al-qaeda bombed US
embassies in Africa in 1997 the u.s.
increased pressure on the Taliban to
hand over the group's leader Osama bin
Laden who was also allowed safe haven in
Afghanistan but they refused to
extradite him so beginning in 1999 the
United States imposed economic and
political sanctions on the Taliban and
the UN also imposed sanctions that year
then things reached a boiling point al
Qaeda attacked the United States on
September 11th 2001 killing nearly 3,000
people
after the attacks the United States and
its allies launched a military campaign
in Afghanistan on October 7 2001 within
a month it appeared like the US was
achieving its goal of removing the
Taliban from power and destroying al
Qaeda safe havens by November the
Taliban had already begun to retreat
from large parts of the country I feel
very happy because that tolerance when
people of Afghanistan don't like these
people as a result the UN Security
Council passed a resolution that called
on the UN to play a central role in
peacekeeping and establishing a
transitional government by the end of
2001 the Taliban had officially
collapsed in a new interim government
was installed but in 2002 that momentum
began to slow down some say partly
because the United States became
distracted shifting its intelligence and
military resources away from Afghanistan
and on to its new military campaign in
Iraq but experts have told me there was
another reason things got worse in the
country they say from the very beginning
that too much attention was given to the
military side of the campaign but not to
the political side of things although a
2004 presidential election in
Afghanistan was seen as a success the
following parliamentary election in 2005
were not according to Human Rights
Watch's patricia gozman
throughout this time Afghanistan has
been plagued by allegations of
corruption
last year the country ranked one hundred
and seventy-seventh out of 180 in
Transparency International's Corruption
Perceptions Index the instability from
that time paved the way for a violent
insurgency in 2006 and things have
remained unstable ever since
now 17 years later the u.s. is still
fighting a war in Afghanistan a war that
was started under President Bush this is
going to be a long struggle and
continued under President Obama for the
American people this border region has
become the most dangerous place in the
world and is now in the hands of
President Trump Trump who said his
initial instinct was to pull out of
Afghanistan how to change a part when he
was sworn into office and instead of
reducing the u.s. his involvement he
increased it so has it all been worth it
in his Afghanistan a better and safer
place 17 years later first let's look at
the status of the Taliban the militant
group has been resilient due to a
combination of violent ideology
negotiation of the country's tribal
complexities and a huge surplus of funds
from the heroin trade Afghanistan has
been credibly described as a narco-state
since the removal of the Taliban
government in 2001 the group now
controls more territory in Afghanistan
than at any other point since the
invasion according to BBC estimates the
Taliban threatens an astounding 70
percent of the country and now controls
large parts of Helmand and Kandahar
province key places where the US and
international forces have fought in not
to mention that groups associated with
the so called Islamic state a militant
group responsible for some of the most
brutal attacks in recent time have also
been able to emerge in parts of the
country but are these attacks and the
Taliban's gains a result of the u.s.
winding down the war not even close in
just the first three months of this year
for example the u.s. conducted more
airstrikes in the country than it has in
the past 15 years Trump has also
increased the amount of troops on the
ground by several thousand and while
some argue that the United States needs
to increase its military efforts in
Afghanistan
others like former General John
Nicholson who was the commander of US
and NATO forces in Afghanistan has said
that he believes the war needs to come
to an end but experts I've spoken to
said that both of those approaches are
the wrong way to think about ending the
war in Afghanistan right now it's too
complicated to determine who is winning
this war
but it's clear to see that the ones
losing the most in this war
our Afghan civilians so should America's
longest-running war continue or should
it finally come to an end let me know
what you think below and on Twitter
thanks for watching now this world
