Pope Francis is facing bombshell
allegations that have put the papacy
directly in the crosshairs of a
potential scandal but the Pope isn't new
to being at the center of controversies
I'm Judah with now this world and in
today's episode we're going to explore
some of the controversies of Pope
Francis's past in the recent allegations
that might very well end his historic
rule born Jorge Mario bergoglio in
Buenos Aires Argentina in 1936 Pope
Francis was the son of Italian
immigrants who fled the fascist
dictatorship of Benito Mussolini
bergoglio dedicated his life to the
Roman Catholic Church in 1958 when he
joined the novitiate of the Society of
Jesus he became an ordained priest in
1969 and eventually assumed the
leadership role of the provincial of the
Jesuits in Argentina in 1973 but during
his time in that role he would find
himself in the midst of a wartime
controversy from 1976 to 1983 Argentina
suffered through what many called the
dirty war it was a period of time when a
brutal military Hunta ruled the country
the dictatorship cracked down on
suspected dissidents and others
including opposition figures and
innocent civilians they were taken by
the government where some were tortured
in secret prisons eventually killed this
campaign claimed the lives of at least
9,000 people but what does this have to
do with the Pope
- Joshua clerics who are working among
the poor in Buenos Aires as slums were
kidnapped by the military government and
some have said Pope Francis is partially
to blame for their targeting some
accused him of being complicit with the
government when he didn't publicly
endorse the two priests work but the
Vatican and the Pope himself have
strongly denied this claim years later
he acknowledged that he made mistakes
during his time in leadership in
Argentina and said it was because he was
quote put into the job too early but
despite this troubling incident he
largely is seen as a spiritual leader of
the people some have characterized him
as a humble man someone who wants to
public buses and cooked his own meals
during his time as a leader that humble
mild mannered temperament and his goal
of refocusing the church's efforts to
helping the poor is what set him apart
leading him to his neck
role in the church a March 13 2013 a
billow of white smoke rose above the
Sistine Chapel that was the moment when
Jorge Mario bergoglio became known as
Pope Francis he became the 266 leader of
the Roman Catholic Church his leadership
will bring in a new wave of first for
the Vatican he was the first pope from
Latin America the first Jesuit and the
first non-european in over a thousand
years he said he wanted to shift the
church's priority to helping the poor
and the marginalized he was seen as a
reformer someone who wanted to push the
Catholic Church forward he made
relatively supportive comments about the
LGBTQ community in 2013 saying quote if
someone is gay and he searches for the
Lord and has good will who am I to judge
he's argued of the growing dangers of
climate change argue the death penalty
is inadmissible and gave priests the
right to forgive abortions a medical
procedure that would have automatically
resulted in excommunication from the
church but these signs of change didn't
sit well with some conservatives in the
church one of the most notable
challenges to his Authority and reforms
came from the Vatican ambassador to the
United States Cardinal Carlo Maria
Vigano vegan Oh a staunch anti-gay
member of the church arranged a meeting
between Kim Davis a controversial
Kentucky official who refused to marry
gay couples in the Pope without his
knowledge a few months later
Pope Francis accepted peque√±os
resignation but that wouldn't be the
last time the Pope's rule will be
challenged by vegan now the Pope faces
bombshell allegations that have brought
the papacy directly into question over
how much the Pope knew of alleged sexual
abuse by US Cardinal Theodore McCarrick
who recently resigned under pressure and
the accuser is none other than former
Vatican ambassador to the United States
Cardinal Carlo Maria Vigano he released
an 11-page letter in conservative
Catholic media where he claims the Pope
knew about sexual abuse in the church
and didn't do anything about it he also
claimed the Pope has been allowing what
he calls homosexual networks to run
rampant in the Vatican something he says
is the cause of the Catholic Church's
abuse problem
but vegan Oh has released no evidence to
corroborate any of his claims against
Pope Francis when acts to respond to the
allegations the Pope was eerily silent
on the matter and refused to comment
some say this allegation is nothing more
than a man trying to get even 3 years
after his firing so will vegan Oh
provide evidence of this bombshell claim
and if he does will the Pope resign some
say these recent allegations are just
the result of an ideological civil war
between traditionalists and reformers in
the Catholic Church but what do you all
think let me know in the comments below
thanks for watching novice world
