Malaysia just had its first-ever
opposition victory we're talking about a
whole new government following an
election result that surprised even
longtime analysts in the region Najib
Razak stepped down as prime minister in
May 2000 18 to cede power to a man who
not only mentored him but actually
helped him get into power in the first
place I'm Alex this is now this world
and in the wake of this historic
election we're diving into the end of
Najib Razak rule and what it will mean
for the people of Malaysia it's almost
like the country is going through a
rebirth it's an opportunity to start
afresh to begin to move forward that's
dr. Bridget Welsh a Southeast Asia
specialist who has written and edited
several books on Malaysian politics we
spoke to her from Kuala Lumpur where she
witnessed the may vote this is what the
streets of the capital city looked like
opposition supporters crowded the
streets many in disbelief like we've
been hoping for this situation for a
very long time
92 year old Mahathir Mohamad who was
previously Malaysia's Prime Minister for
22 years
managed to unseat one of the world's
most corrupt leaders a man some experts
deemed untouchable the expectation was
that the opposition wasn't going to win
they had to overcome extensive
gerrymandering and malapportionment and
also many of the advantages that the
government had which is to buy votes and
others to understand how significant
this transfer of power actually is we
need to go back and look at what led up
to it
najib razak the son of Malaysia's second
Prime Minister and nephew of its third
one his first election at the ripe young
age of 23 he quickly rose to leadership
roles within his party the United Malays
national organization or um and oh and
became prime minister in 2009 he billed
himself as an economic reform er
promising a multi-billion dollar
stimulus plan to among other things grow
the country's gdp roused the housing
market and repair broken infrastructure
this led to the creation of a state
investment fund called one malaysia
development broad or 1mdb which was
designed to boost the economy and
attract foreign investment instead
missed payments drew attention to the
fact that the fund had actually
accumulated billions of dollars in debt
subsequent international investigations
found that Najib and his associates had
spent more than 4.5 billion dollars from
1mdb
on things like yachts jewelry luxury
real estate and even weirdly to fund the
production of Hollywood films and after
the scandal broke in 2015
experts say Najib stone changed we saw
Najib move in a much more authoritarian
direction arresting his the opposition
leader at that time on Ibrahim cracking
down on political point opponents and
purging his own party especially the
critics within his own party the current
prime minister and former prime minister
my dear muhammad to this day Najib
claims there was no wrongdoing in
relation to the 1mdb fund blaming
instead a quote problematic business
model for the missing funds and that was
far from the only scandal that
surrounded Najib he also poured millions
of dollars into parliamentary elections
to ensure that his supporters ended up
in office in 2010 Najib famously
promised a group of voters that he would
finance a local project saying ok
understanding is quite simple you have
me I thought you
not only did the financial scandals pose
a threat to Malaysia's credit rating and
increase the national debt they fostered
a culture of mistrust around government
one that certain sectors of Malaysian
society were ready to rebel against and
change
on May 9th 2018 a whopping eighty two
point three percent of registered voters
turned out for the election that ranks
Malaysia among the highest in recent
national elections according to Pew data
a look at the demographics behind the
opposition support revealed a
disproportionately high number of ethnic
minorities young people middle class
voters and urban voters despite the
obstacles standing in the way of an
opposition victory says dr. Welsh the
conditions were right for one especially
when you've had so much negativity as
Malaysia had there were excessive
corruption and abuses of power and
lawlessness now they have an opportunity
to to start again
he's the man who built this nation and
is going to rebuild this nation and make
sure we are set in the same right path
Mahathir Mohamad won 115 seats just over
the 112 he needed to defeat the bar asan
Nacional coalition which previously held
power for 60 years
Maya chair Muhammad previously served as
prime minister for the party he just
defeated from 1981 until 2003 when he
stepped down feeling like he had served
long enough his time and power wasn't
without controversy he jailed opposition
supporters and activists without trial
and was seen by some as authoritarian
but hailed by many as the father of
modern Malaysia he also oversaw
significant economic growth during his
five consecutive terms and general
modernization of infrastructure like the
event all's structure of the Petronas
Towers a landmark of his legacy though
he helped Najib wind his seat in 2009 my
chair became openly critical of the
former PM especially when it came to the
corruption charges and his lavish
lifestyle and that's why says dr. Welsh
many Malaysians are excited to have him
back this served to really inspire a lot
of Malaysians because they felt that
here's a man who didn't have to come
back but chose to come back in order to
give the opposition a stronger chance of
winning my chair Muhammad just became
the world's oldest head of state
the soon-to-be 93 year-old said he's not
planning to stick around for too long
only a couple of years to implement
reforms for problems caused both during
his and Naja Tubbs 10 years then he
plans to hand the position over to an
opposition figure that both he and Najib
jailed during their tenures Anwar
Ibrahim Maya tera pardon Anwar quickly
after winning the election and mightier
is already making good on some of his
commitments he abolished the goods and
services tax introduced under Najib
which is widely blamed for the rising
cost of living and plans to replace it
with attacks that aims to reduce the
price of goods and services his party
Pakatan harapan also promises to crack
down on corruption cut the national debt
reduce the prime minister's control over
national institutions and more as for
Naja his outlook isn't quite as sunny
having already been questioned by the
anti-corruption agency it's expected
that he and his wife will face charges
which would be unprecedented in Malaysia
and one of only a few cases ever where a
former PM face charges in Southeast Asia
my tears stopped Najib and Russa from
leaving the country soon after the
election after government officials
raided their homes they seized dozens of
bags of cash jewels and Russ most
indulgence of choice boxes upon boxes of
Birkin bags but what does this all mean
for Malaysia some experts say it's too
early to celebrate that democracy takes
time to unfold and there's still room to
fall back into old ways but most are
optimistic about the country's future
so what do you think is a new lasting
era of democracy dawning on Malaysia or
will Maha tear fall back into some of
the strongman practices that earned him
criticism during his first tenure leave
your thoughts in the comments below
thanks for watching now this world and
don't forget to hit that like and
subscribe button
