hey guys Judy here with now this world
thanks for tuning in every Sunday to
view our explainers and for always
leaving meaningful feedback today we're
excited to announce that we're also
about to start bringing you a brand new
mini series called the Russia desk
you see Russia is a huge complex and
multifaceted nation that can't be
distilled into one single headline or
even one video so tune in on Tuesdays as
our correspondent versa explores all
things Russia and here's a sneak peak of
what you can expect here are some things
that you should know about Russia it is
not a communist country it is not an
evil country it is a big country there
are people who support me finally there
are people who oppose Vladimir Putin yes
they like bears no they don't all drink
vodka yes it gets cold very cold in 2018
the hammer and sickle they no longer
apply and no we're not at war with them
directly but most importantly Russia
like many other countries on earth
including the u.s. is a big complex
multifaceted nation that cannot be
distilled down to a single headline a
single mean or a single politician even
if the dash cam footage is pretty
compelling
so we're going to dive in we're gonna go
to Russia talk to people we run into on
the street get to know the local culture
try to make sense of this whole hacking
business talk to expats who know their
history sit down with activists throw
servers and politicians somebody tries
to kill me twice in two years that's
that's disconcerting to say the least
and try to best answer your questions
about this massive country with a really
strong geopolitical influence and a
fascinating backstory and yes we will
touch on Russia's influence in the u.s.
election and the tangled web of contacts
with the Trump campaign but we can't
promise a PT it's pretty clear seriously
though Russia and its sphere of global
influence was a huge factor if not the
single most important factor and how
America defined itself from 1945 to 1991
there's a reason the Cold War was such a
big deal yes it was a struggle between
emerging nuclear powers but it was a
struggle for global political dominance
that history and tension clearly made a
difference in 2016
though exactly how much we'll explain
more in the course of the show we need
to do something if you just follow the
Russian state media you are really
confused about what's going on in the
United States right now there's a lot of
misinformation out there from the right
the Troy Trump media absolutely refuses
to follow the facts when it comes to the
baseless claims the president Trump
colluding with the Russians and from the
left I would like to see the evidence of
Russian culpability here and to
complicate matters there's
misinformation propaganda about Russia
coming from Russia we have a lot to
learn because that despite what you see
on the covers of magazines and then
pretty much every movie ever that's not
the actual Kremlin that's a church guys
this is the Kremlin and yes this is
Putin Putin is a great actor he
understands that it is image is
everything
welcome to the Russia desk coming soon
on now this
