it's been 70 years since colonial India
gained its independence from the British
and was divided into two separate states
but what should have been a triumphant
moment for both countries was marred by
mass murder and mayhem
the tension between hindu-majority India
and muslim-majority Pakistan is
something that has existed since the
beginning of Independence for these two
countries given the recent 70 year
anniversary of this event we were
wondering how much has actually changed
since August 1947 hi everyone I'm Bursa
and today we're going to discuss the
legacy of the partition and how it's
still affecting the Republic of India
and the Islamic Republic of Pakistan to
this day before independence India was
ruled by the British for nearly 200
years first by the British East India
Company a trading organisation and then
by the official crown of the British
Empire
there was a long sustained movement for
independence in India led by different
revolutionaries through the entirety of
the British reign it culminated most
famously with Mahatma Gandhi and his
nonviolent campaign of civil
disobedience which swept much of the
region along with existing revolutionary
movements in 1947 the British finally
gave up their control of the territory
and a complicated legacy was born the
Indian Independence Act in 1947
established India and Pakistan as two
different states primarily on the basis
of religion Muslims in British India had
been pushing for their own Muslim nation
for years by that point which was
something the Hindu nationalists in
India had no problem with but it was
hardly as easy as drawing lines on a map
the actual act of partition was a brutal
complicated mess involving the
displacement of about fourteen million
people across several provinces
sectarian groups who were angered by the
transition and displacement often
attacked each other leading to many
massacres among Hindus Muslims and Sikhs
over 1 million people died during this
period in India and Pakistan almost
immediately began fighting over
territory particularly in one region
that still remains a major conflict
point today Kashmir just a few weeks
after independence the two newly
sovereign countries were at war
the first Kashmir war also known as the
indo-pakistani war of 1947 was launched
because both sides claimed Kashmir since
1947 India and Pakistan have fought two
wars and many armed conflicts over
Kashmir there's a debate over whether
the conflict of 1999 was an actual war
it is sometimes referred to as such as
India and Pakistan though there was no
official declaration of war from the
governments regardless Kashmir remains
the biggest point of geopolitical
conflict between the two countries and
the number one reason for why they've
gone to war today control of the region
is mostly split between India and
Pakistan though they've agreed to cease
fires before skirmishes remain including
deadly militant attacks on soldiers in
recent years to complicate matters China
has become involved in part of the
dispute claiming a portion of the region
for themselves as if all of that were
enough to keep tensions running that's
throwing something big nuclear weapons
India completed its first successful
nuclear bomb test in 1974 though at the
time they claimed it was a peaceful test
it only served to accelerate the arms
race between India and Pakistan also and
a definite moment of irony that bomb was
codenamed smiling Buddha pretty sure
Buddha would not approve by 1998 both
India and Pakistan were successfully
testing nuclear weapons in 1999 the
Indian government declared they have a
no first use policy and that their
nuclear arsenal is mainly for deterrence
however should that fail based
they will use them in retaliation for a
nuclear attack current Prime Minister
Narendra Modi has said he is committed
to the no first use policy though both
India and Pakistan have signed to the
Chemical Weapons Convention neither of
them have signed on to the nuclear
non-proliferation treaty currently India
is estimated to have a hundred and ten
nuclear weapons while Pakistan is
estimated to have 130 so 70 years later
what are the attitudes like among
Indians and Pakistanis today according
to the Pew Research Center six and 10
Indians say Kashmir is still a huge
problem while a majority of Pakistanis
consider India quote a more serious
threat to their country than al-qaeda or
the Taliban over the years there have
been times for attitudes among Indians
and Pakistanis improved toward each
other but in recent years both countries
have seen a trend people are
increasingly negative again in their
views of the other the most recent
survey say only 10 percent of Indians
have a favorable view of Pakistan while
only 14 percent of Pakistanis have a
favorable view of India with numbers
like that it's clear the two neighbors
still have a long long road ahead the
history is clear conflicts between India
and Pakistan was probably inevitable
based on how they were divided but what
can the countries do now to keep the
peace let us know what you think in the
comments below thank you for watching
now this world and don't forget to Like
and subscribe
