as we move closer and closer to a
globalized singularly powerful world
certain countries have been more
influential than others
while the term superpower is regularly
used as an attainable goal for countries
like Brazil or India the concept itself
is not that well understood so we wanted
to know what exactly is a superpower and
which countries fit the description well
overall a superpower can be considered
any state that has preeminent global
influence any decisions whether domestic
or foreign have far-reaching
consequences even outside of their
immediate borders allies or enemies
this sort of hegemony is best
characterized by seven dimensions of
power natural ones such as geography
population and resources as well as
social factors like economy military
diplomacy and national identity these
country traits have historically
represented wide-reaching dominant
civilizations such as ancient Egypt the
Mongol Empire and the Roman Empire
however the idea of a superpower is a
20th century classification and has
farther reaching implications than just
regional dominance World War two was one
of the first major displays of global
power and the start of globalization
through communication and economic
cooperation as we know it today in the
aftermath of the conflict three major
superpowers remained standing and
collectively divided up the world these
were the United States the Soviet Union
and the British Empire on every level
these powers were at the top of the
rankings each controlling massive
regions with the British still wielding
power over colonies around the world and
each holding on to a distinct cultural
and national identity however in the mid
20th century the British began to see
their influence waned while the US and
USSR only grew especially militarily an
event known as the 1956 Suez Crisis saw
the British among other nations such as
Israel and France invade Egypt in an
effort to topple the country's president
not only were they unable to but they
drew the ire of the United
and the United Nations which demanded
the British stop their invasion having
been weakened militarily by world war ii
just a decade earlier the British
withdrew and a humiliating move that
signaled an inability to maintain
dominance on their own this left the
United States and the Soviet Union as
the world's two remaining superpowers
and was the beginning of thier fight for
global hegemony and what was known as
the Cold War over the next 50 years the
true improved their might
in land size the USSR was the largest
nation on earth while the u.s. was the
fourth largest their populations were
comparable at around a quarter billion
residents each they were the top two
economic powers and while the Soviet
Union had one of the largest militaries
on earth the United States spent more
than any other country by far perhaps
most importantly the two had absolute
alliances around the world the USSR had
direct supportive relationships with
Central and Eastern Europe and much of
Southeast Asia including China the
United States was a predominant ally of
Western Europe the former British Empire
and was aligned with most of the world's
largest economies ideologically they
represented a divide between capitalism
and communism with most of their allies
falling into one group or the other but
in 1991 the Soviet Union officially
collapsed partially due to their efforts
to defeat the United States and
partially due to internal corruption
coupled with dramatic reforms that
crippled its government
with the dissolution of the USSR the
United States reigned supreme not just
over the former Soviet Union but the
world at large militarily the United
States out spends all countries by an
enormous margin more than the next eight
biggest funders combined in short the
only remaining superpower on earth is
the United States but that may be
changing emerging economies known as the
BRIC nations have seen unprecedented
economic growth and population booms
their countries have seen renewed
influence with China as a manufacturing
giant India with the second largest
population on earth Russia as a
geopolitical manipulator and Brazil as a
soft power with immense natural
resources additionally the emergence of
the European Union as a stable
collective has raised the possibility
that they will become the next
superpower similar to the United States
especially as the US has seen its
international standing falter since the
2016 election as the rest of the world
sees breakneck growth it may only be a
matter of years until a new superpower
emerges to rival the United States with
so much talking about the BRIC countries
as potential next superpowers it may be
worth knowing just how powerful they are
today for a deep dive into Brazil Russia
India China and South Africa check out
this video to the right thanks for
watching now this world and please make
sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every week
