a 31 year old named Sebastian kurz is
projected to be Austria's newest
Chancellor and he's a bit of an anomaly
he's the youngest leader in the world
and marks a new tide of Millennials
reaching the highest levels of
government but unlike most Millennials
hers is a right-wing populist and
nationalist for many people he
represents the face of the new far-right
youth movement in Europe so who exactly
is Sebastian kurz and what does he mean
for Austria and the European Union
well kurz initially rose to prominence
at the age of 27 when he was elected
Austria's youngest foreign minister in
history his laser focus on prominent
right-wing issues particularly
immigration pushed him to the top of the
polls his rapid advancement since then
has been compared to other young leaders
such as Canada's Justin Trudeau and
Frances Emmanuel macron but instead of
capitalizing on left-wing youth
sentiment hers appears to have modeled
his campaign after Austria's far-right
2016 presidential candidate Norbert
Cofer in the highly contested election
hoofer came within one percentage point
of winning the presidency in one round
of voting but the Constitutional Court
annulled the results Cofer ultimately
lost in a subsequent round but the
surprising success of his extremist
anti-immigrant freedom party which was
founded by actual Nazis in 1956 was a
major shift in Austrian politics now
Sebastian kurz of the less extremist but
still right-wing People's Party has
doubled down on anti-immigration
sentiments as foreign minister he closed
roots in the Balkans preventing migrants
from reaching Austria while campaigning
for his party Cruz's promised to cacked
refugee benefits prevent immigrants from
being eligible for assistance for five
years and lower taxes the People's Party
was also recently responsible for an
Islamophobic ban on full-faced veils in
public as with other countries in the
region particularly post communist
states like Hungary Poland and Croatia
the tide of right-wing nationalism and
anti-immigrant rhetoric has been an
effective tool for some leaders
by comparison countries like France and
Germany have elected immigrant friendly
leaders creating a stark divide
throughout Europe on how to deal with
the influx and resettlement of more than
1 million refugees should curse combine
forces with the extremist Freedom Party
he will lead a parliamentary right-wing
majority cementing Austria's place and
Europe's ideological divide and as has
been seen in countries like Hungary
which is undergone a significant shift
to the right
democratic ideals have been under fire
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban
has been accused of taking power from
the legislative branch attacking freedom
of speech and press and manipulating the
country's Constitutional Court and his
own favor in short steps toward
dictatorship and while Austria is not
the only country to see a similar rise
of the right it is certainly the most
recent with the Chancellor who is
serving as the youthful face of Europe's
dramatic political division so what
exactly is fueling this dramatic rise in
right-wing nationalism throughout Europe
and what does the future hold in store
you can find out by watching this video
to the right thanks for tuning into now
this world and don't forget to Like and
subscribe to catch all our new episodes
right here
