in March of 2018 Russia will vote for
its next president the obvious winner
would appear to be the incumbent
Vladimir Putin who has alternated
between Prime Minister and president for
nearly two decades but a late 2017 poll
by the independent Levada Center found
that more than a quarter of the Russian
population has yet to decide who they
will vote for and Putin has not even
announced his candidacy saying that he
will think about whether or not he will
even run so who exactly would he be
running against and just how popular are
they well there are nearly 100 political
parties in Russia but only six
represented in Parliament United Russia
is the largest by far led by Vladimir
Putin followed by the Communist Party
the Liberal Democratic Party adjust
Russia
Rosina and the Civic Platform party
running on behalf of the Communist Party
is 73 year old Gennady Zyuganov who has
led the party since 1993 the gala has
been a fixture in Russian politics since
before the collapse of the Soviet Union
since then he has criticised the
increase in wealth inequality on the
shift to a capitalist economy and
lobbied for a return to socialism he has
run for president four times and even
once came close to beating Boris Yeltsin
today his support hovers around 2%
another leading Challenger is the leader
of the Liberal Democratic Party Vladimir
hidden offski hidden offski is best
described as Russia's version of Donald
Trump he's known for his extremely
nationalist and populist views combined
with an impulsive and boisterous style
of anti-american rhetoric he once
started a fight in Parliament by
spitting on another party leader and he
has promised to shoot his political
opponents should he be elected president
in 2018 he has even suggested building a
border wall along Russia in order to
keep out Muslims and notably he
supported Donald Trump during the 2016
election what's interesting is that
while espousing beliefs that have been
called fascist the Liberal Democratic
Party is widely known to be neither
liberal nor democratic in fact it was
allegedly established as a false
opposition party by the KGB to corral
ultra right-wing voters a court
to a high-ranking USSR official hidden
offski currently holds about 2% support
finally and perhaps most seriously is
Alexei Naveen Lee the leader of the
Progress Party which doesn't hold any
seats in parliament and the viola is one
of the most outspoken critics of
Vladimir Putin and corruption in Russia
he's called for a decentralization of
power in government switching to a
parliamentary republic instead of the
current constitutional republic and
separating the judicial branch from
presidential influence he has been
repeatedly arrested by Russian
authorities most recently on October 2nd
2017 for calls to participate in an
uncoordinated protest against corruption
notably in the viola is barred from the
ballot due to a conviction for
embezzlement following a federal trial
that the European Court of Human Rights
deemed unjust some believe that a recent
candidacy announcement by TV personality
Sagna subject his Putin's way of
establishing controlled opposition in
the election without actually
threatening his chances Naveen Lee is
currently polling at 1%
support clearly there's no real
diversity of choice for the next Russian
president although it's important to
note that publicly voicing opposition to
Vladimir Putin is unpopular and even
sometimes dangerous authorities
regularly crackdown on independent media
and dissidents and even if President
Putin chooses not to run for another
term which is unlikely nearly 1/5 of
Russians surveyed state that they will
vote for literally anyone who's
supported by Putin and while Russian law
limits presidents to two consecutive
terms
Putin has skirted this law by
alternating between being president and
Prime Minister potentially allowing him
to stay in power indefinitely so who
will be the next president of Russia I
think we all know the answer Russia's
economy has faltered under president
Putin's leadership so why does he remain
so popular find out in this video to the
right thanks for watching now this world
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
more videos like this every week
