in early August 2017 two prominent
members of Venezuela's political
opposition were arrested and thrown in
jail with no clear charges or
explanation the previous day the
country's president Nicolas Maduro
threatened to send his own Attorney
General to a mental institution after
she criticized his plans to consolidate
power for months Venezuela has seen
widespread massive protests against
Maduro
increasingly authoritarian tactics and
legislative upheaval which many have
compared to a coup d'etat
so is Venezuela turning into a
dictatorship well for the past two
decades the country has relied on its
enormous oil reserves to fund
excessively wasteful socialist policies
under former President Hugo Chavez
when Chavez died in 2013 his protege
Nicolas Maduro continued these policies
which budgeted nothing for the future
although this worked under Chavez the
following year oil prices collapsed and
the Venezuelan government effectively
abandoned its citizens protests began as
crime inflation and food shortages
skyrocketed in response Venezuelans
voted to give control of the National
Assembly Parliament to the anti Chavez
Maduro party called the Democratic Unity
Roundtable a referendum to recall the
president was slated for late 2016
with many expecting his removal but just
days before the vote
Maduro supreme court cancelled the
referendum and within months the court
dissolved the country's parliament which
at that point was the only opposition
group with power in government although
the move was soon after reversed due to
international and domestic outcry this
power grab sparked the largest protests
Venezuela had ever seen in what was
called the mother of all marches as many
as 6 million people took to the streets
in early 2017 protesting Maduro and his
Chavez government
hundreds of people were arrested and
three people were killed but the
president's gutting of democracy didn't
end there his Supreme Court began
overturning laws passed by the National
Assembly designed to restrict executive
power with only 20 percent support
countrywide Medeiros actions have opened
the door to a full-blown dictatorship on
July 30th 2017 the president held a
national vote to create a constitutional
assembly giving a single group unlimited
authority to rewrite the Constitution
and rule unilaterally over Venezuela
voters were not given an option to
reject such a singularly powerful
faction and their choices were limited
to choosing from a list of Maduro
loyalists including his own wife
opposition members boycotted this
transparent power grab and called the
results predetermined in spite of an
overwhelming majority of Venezuelans
rejecting the Constitutional Assembly by
some opposition estimates as high as 98%
the Maduro loyalist group currently
holds absolute power in government
without any checks or balances Maduro
and his party have been accused of
abandoning democracy altogether in a
country that seems just moments from a
full-blown anti-government revolution as
seen in other countries like Syria and
Libya whether the president will be able
to remain in control or if his actions
will spark an outright Civil War still
remains to be seen
Venezuela has undergone one of the worst
economic slumps in the world but it
isn't the only country to be described
as a miserable economy to learn more
about what exactly that term means and
which other countries fit the bill you
can check out this video
thanks for watching now this world let
us know down below in the comments what
kinds of topics you'd like to see
covered and don't forget to Like and
subscribe to see more videos every week
