what if your boss could only legally
earn twenty times more than you do do
you think that would be a fair cap on
his or her salary British politician
Jeremy Corbyn thinks so
the Labour Party leader recently
suggested implementing a maximum wage
limit as a way to curb rising income
inequality in the UK critics quickly
denounced the ideas unworkable and
idiotic but what is the maximum wage
anyway and is it really that crazy of an
idea a maximum wage is simply put a cap
on how much you can earn but determining
how much money is too much and just how
to enforce such a cap isn't immediately
clear for corbin the solution is to link
how much a CEO can make to the earnings
of at least compensated employees his
hope is for a ratio that keeps the CEO
from earning more than 20 times the
amount of their lowest paid worker for
comparison the average CEO - worker
compensation ratio in the u.s. in 2015
was 335 to 1 and some companies like JC
Penney have a stunning ratio 1795 to 1
in 2013
it wasn't always this way though in 1965
the ratio in the US was closer to 20 to
but by the 1980s it had doubled and from
1978 to 2012 CEO pay exploded resulting
in an eight hundred and seventy five
percent increase for the country's top
bosses conversely ordinary employees saw
their wages grow a meager 5.4 percent
during that same time but despite the
wide disparity in pay a maximum income
plan isn't a widely popular idea egypt's
recently attempted to implement a
maximum wage by capping their public
sector employee salaries at thirty five
times the minimum wage setting off a
flurry of lawsuits that delayed
implementation of the law and in 2013
switzerland voters overwhelmingly
rejected a maximum wage restricting CEOs
from making more than 12 times their
lowest paid employee but supporting a
maximum wage proposal wasn't always a
political taboo in 1942 President
Franklin Roosevelt proposed a hundred
percent tax on any earnings made past
$25,000 above 300 thousand dollars of
today's money he even had some celebrity
endorsements with the actress and
Sheridan famously
lamenting I regret that I have only one
salary to give to my country the idea
was less popular in Congress but the top
tax rate did come up to 94 percent in
1945 since then that rate has fallen to
39.6 percent nowadays you will rarely
hear American politicians refer to a
maximum wage except for Bernie Sanders
while limiting the ceiling on what we
can earn isn't gaining much widespread
support people have been far more
receptive to the idea of raising the
floor instead increasing the minimum
wage has proven to be a more popular
proposal for solving income inequality
with 19 states voting to raise their
minimum wage in 2017 some have even
already committed to future increases so
while n equality may still remain high
there are some efforts to put a little
extra money in the pockets of ordinary
people
