if you have a vacuum dishwasher or any
other appliance in your home there's a
chance that was made by German
manufacturer Miele this company has
grown considerably over the last century
exporting high-end home appliances all
over the world but it's still run by the
same two families and its products are
largely made within German borders Miele
is one of roughly three and a half
million businesses that make up
Germany's Mittal stop this is a fairly
broad concept but in general metal sheet
on businesses are small or medium sized
manufacturers they tend to be family-run
and specialize in one kind of product
Mukesh Thanh is the backbone of
Germany's economy comprising an
estimated 99% of businesses and
employing nearly 80% of the country's
workforce Germany specifically designed
its economy to center around this
concept after undergoing an industrial
revolution in the late 1800s it became
one of the world's major exporters
roughly a century later when other world
powers were chasing the dot-com boom
Germany stuck to manufacturing the
country also developed a unique process
of regulating the private sector
employers were held accountable to
workers and their community minimum wage
was high and employees had a larger role
in decision making this garnered a
significant amount of criticism from
economists and other world powers who
predicted that their highly regulated
manufacturing focused economy would be
left in the dust
but in fact the opposite has happened
Germany has become the richest country
in Europe and one of the top exporters
in the world they recovered faster from
the global recession than any other
world power and is ranked among the best
in terms of innovation sustainability
and growth this is due in no small part
to Mittal stock so what makes this model
so successful well it starts with robust
vocational training after high school
many German students go directly into
job training or technical school and
from there into a metal sheet on company
because of this Germany's youth
employment rate is the highest in Europe
and German workers generally receive a
fair salary benefits and even health
care this combined with their respected
roles in the company cultivates a high
degree of employee loyalty many German
workers stay with the same company for
decades or even a lifetime Mittal Shan
companies tend to be more focused on
long-term success and stability rather
than quick profits instead of making
risky investments are going to debt
these firms invest in research and
development which often yields long-term
benefits and because they are in the
or family-owned mickelson companies are
better able to control the quality of
their products and respond to a sudden
surge in demand this model has been so
successful that other countries have
attempts to emulate it the South Korean
government has established german-style
vocational schools that China has sent
officials to Germany to observe business
practices former President Barack Obama
talked about the mental strong model in
his 2013 State of the Union address and
former Prime Minister Tony Blair once
asked German Chancellor Angela Merkel
what her country secret success was to
which she famously replied we still make
things but the myth touched on model is
uniquely German that experts say it's
nearly impossible to duplicate it's
built on concepts like deeply rooted
relationships between vocational schools
and companies long family lineages and
trust between employers and employees
when it comes to economic models
Germany's Midland is truly the sum of
its parts
Germany's economy is not only a
manufacturing powerhouse it's a model
for sustainability and green energy want
to find out what other countries are
leading in energy efficiency watch this
video thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
new videos
