despite the outcry over president Donald
Trump's executive order on immigration
banning travel from seven
muslim-majority countries the United
States has a rich history of
discrimination against specific
countries and ethnicities originally as
per the first US Congress in 1790 only
quote free white person's of good moral
character would be allowed as citizens
of the United States but this wasn't an
explicit ban on immigrants that would
come later in 1882 after thousands
emigrated from China to the US largely
as workers this mass migration sparked a
wave of xenophobia across the country
with fears that American jobs were being
taken from Americans the Chinese
Exclusion Act placed a ban on people who
are ethnically Chinese halting nearly
all immigration from China for decades
but while this was the first such law a
broader and more restrictive law was the
Immigration Act of 1924 this was passed
to lower existing quotas for immigrants
from certain countries and it also
outright banned Asian ethnicities from
immigration in Japan this was met with a
national humiliation day in protest of
the unjust law nearly two decades after
this law stopped Asian immigration Japan
attacked the United States at Pearl
Harbor during the u.s. into World War
two ironically a u.s. Presidential
Commission later found that Japanese
militarism and anti Americanism grew
dramatically after the ban one Japanese
military commander even reportedly
stated that the attack was retribution
for the behavior of the United States
and in part the restrictions on
immigration following Pearl Harbor the
US government imprisoned more than
100,000 people of Japanese ethnicity
done via executive order by President
Franklin D Roosevelt many families were
torn apart businesses failed
some people even died during the roughly
4 year long internment and more than
half of those interned were American
citizens in 1965 the u.s. tried to right
the wrongs of its past with the
Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965
this law signed by President Lyndon
Johnson stated no person shall receive
any preference or priority or be
discriminated against in the issuance of
an immigrant visa because of his race
sex nationality place of birth or place
of residence the legality of President
Trump's immigration ban is questioned
under the 1965 law because it singles
out the Muslim majority countries of
Yemen Iraq Iran Syria Somalia Sudan and
in a statement following his executive
order Trump said quote this is not about
religion this is about terror and
keeping our country safe
but between 1975 and 2015 none of these
countries have produced citizens who
have killed Americans in terror attacks
on US soil Trump is also defending the
band under an immigration law passed in
1952 which gives the president the
authority to ban quote any class of
aliens but the 1965 law is actually an
update of the 1952 law thereby
superseding it and casting doubt on the
legality of Trump's actions President
Trump has stated that his immigration
restrictions are no different than
limitations put in place by former
President Barack Obama in 2011 Iraqi
nationals in the US on visa programs
were placed under greater scrutiny after
an Iraqi terror cell was discovered in
the US however unlike Trump's ban those
with valid visas green cards and dual
citizenship were able to come and go as
they had previously additionally while
Obama's restrictions were a response to
an active threat Trump's ban is based on
his campaign promises the history of
immigration bans in the United States
shows that they're short-sighted and
potentially dangerous politicians such
as Senator John McCain and said that the
ban may serve to fuel Isis propaganda
and even some social media posts by
legend members of Isis have celebrated
the ban
according to iran's Foreign Minister
Trump's plan is quote a great gift to
extremists as it serves to divide the US
and the Muslim world
critics of Trump's ban have expressed
fear about potential repercussions if US
history is any indication the fallout
could be devastating to the progress of
the country within the US president
Trump is threatening to cut off federal
funding to some of the country's largest
cities as long as they continue to
resist immigration enforcement find out
what this means for sanctuary cities by
watching this video here thanks for
watching seeker daily please make sure
to LIKE and subscribe for new videos
you
