in 2016 the African countries Djibouti
Gambia and Chad held elections the
results largely came as expected in
Djibouti the incumbent president was
re-elected for his fourth term in Chad
his fifth this all-too-common trend is
called third term ISM where many leaders
extend their presidential terms beyond
reasonable limits often overstaying
their welcome for as long as many
African countries have existed they have
been played with rigged elections
corruption and so-called sit tight
leaders so how exactly did the continent
become so undemocratic well during the
Industrial Revolution European powers
colonized roughly 90% of Africa drawing
the borders that largely remain today
instead of ruling over their colonies
directly European countries had local
politicians act as proxies their purpose
was to keep control of the population
and ensure that natural resources were
being exploited to the colonizers favour
this resulted in an authoritarian
top-down approach to governance and
instilled the idea that the only
legitimate way to rule was by force
after World War Two Africa began to
decolonize and proxy leaders were left
to rule independently but by then these
leaders were largely distrusted by the
people as they were seen as members of
the elite and co-conspirators with
former western colonizers after popular
uprisings and in many cases violent coup
d'etat
the continent saw an entirely new wave
of leaders many of whom had little or no
political experience for instance in
1980 newly independent Zimbabwe elected
former teacher and revolutionary Robert
Mugabe as its prime minister seven years
later the Zimbabwean parliament created
a completely new role for Mugabe
combining head of state head of
government and commander-in-chief after
nearly four decades 92 year old Mugabe
is still in power
many of these new leaders were former
military commanders for instance
Equatorial Guinea's President Obiang
Nguema
and vaso go took power in 1979 after
ousting his uncle who had transitioned
the country out of the Spanish colonial
government like many other long-running
African rulers Obiang was initially
considered to be more just and humane
than his predecessor however over the
years he turned Equatorial Guinea into
what some considered to be the most
corrupt oppressive and undemocratic
country in the world today Obiang holds
all governing power and is the world's
longest-serving
European colonizers not only left a
precedent for authoritarianism and
one-party rule but they largely fail to
prepare African nations for
post-colonial autonomy many countries
didn't have proper institutions in place
for governance and were left with
undereducated populations for instance
when the Democratic Republic of Congo
gained independence from Belgium in 1960
the country had just 16 college
graduates out of a population of more
than 15 million people when French
colonizers left newly independent Guinea
in 1958 they completely dismantled the
government and destroyed all paper
documents leaving new rulers with no
structure whatsoever following
decolonization Africa was largely left
with inadequate infrastructure lack of
financial resources insecure governments
and arbitrary border surrounding rival
ethnic groups in order to pursue
policies in restore order
most African governments consolidated
power into the highest office even if
that leader was under educated and ill
fit for the challenges that lay ahead
although colonialism has been gone for
the better part of a century its
implications still plagued African
politics today while ruling for decades
in the highest office many of Africa's
sit tight leaders have become
excessively wealthy benefiting from
kickbacks money laundering or other
corruption schemes several initiatives
have been proposed to tackle widespread
corruption in Africa can the problem
really be fixed find out in this video
the researchers expected corruption to
fall but the exact opposite ended up
happening police officers would stop
drivers more often and attempt to extort
even more money than before an increase
of roughly 25 percent thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
you
