in the scope of human history most
countries are fairly young for thousands
of years the world was divided into
empires and kingdoms ruled by monarchs
or theocracies in fact a vast majority
of modern nation-states only became
independent after the Year 1800 but
there are a few that marked their
independence centuries or even millennia
before then so what are the world's
oldest countries
well one country that's considered among
the oldest is San Marino a tiny Republic
in the mountains of central Italy
according to legend San Marino was
founded in the year 301 by a Stones Minh
who was escaping religious persecution
in a nearby city
he hid on the top of a mountain built a
chapel and formed a community of people
who shared his Christian beliefs as
Europe's first city-state San Marino
hung on to its independence even as
Italy unified around it and other small
republics dissolved in 1600 its leaders
drafted what is now believed to be the
world's oldest constitution even older
than San Marino is China which
celebrates its founding year as 221 BC
civilization in China can be traced back
roughly 5000 years the region began as a
collection of tribes which then divided
into seven walled states each governed
by a different dynasty after a nearly
two hundred year war between these
states one dynasty led by King Qin
Shihuang emerged victorious she had
knocked down the dividing walls and
built one great wall along the northern
border of his newly unified kingdom and
became China's first emperor his dynasty
strongly advocated for law and order
centralized wealth and collectivization
a philosophy that paved the way for
modern Communist China even the name
China is derived from the name Qin but
China's neighbor Japan might be even
older the country marks its founding at
660 BC when according to legend Emperor
jammu conquered the region's most
powerful province and established a
central government Jammu is believed to
be a descendant of the Sun Goddess and
the first ancestor of the country's
royal family however many has
considered jimmu's rain to be a myth and
instead place the country's origin
roughly twelve hundred years later
either way Japan is still considered one
of the oldest countries in the world
very few countries consider their
independence to have taken place more
than five hundred years ago one
exception is France which has been a
country since the year 843 Denmark and
Austria's independence came roughly a
century later in fact even though Europe
is not the cradle of civilization it is
home to many of the world's oldest
countries this is in part because for
centuries much of the world was owned by
European powers the British Empire alone
laid claim to India Australia much of
Africa and North America as well as
countless small islands many of these
nations didn't become independent
countries until decolonization after
World War two so a lot of countries we
think of as ancient may not be as old as
we think China Japan and San Marino have
thousands of years on most countries in
fact some of the youngest nations have
been around for less than a decade so
what are the newest countries find out
in this video
Sudan and South Sudan had been at odds
since Sudan originally formed in 1956
the conflict was due to a largely
Christian and non Muslim South feeling
unrepresented and oppressed by the Arab
and Muslim North thanks for watching
seeker daily please don't forget to Like
and subscribe for new videos every day
