in March 2016 India hosted its first
ever world Sufi forum during the event
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi
praised Sufism as Islam's greatest gift
and suggested that the faith was an
alternative to more political extremists
interpretations of the religion akin to
groups like the Islamic state so what
exactly is Sufism well Sufism is not a
branch of Islam like Sunni or Shia nor
is it a sect or denomination rather
Sufism is the spiritual and mystical
philosophy of Islam it's focused on a
direct connection to God by forgoing
material goods and relationships
not unlike Christian monks or other
ascetic groups Sufis dedicate themselves
to Allah through meditation repetitive
prayer and non-violence but while the
concepts of Sufism are inherent in all
versions of Islam practitioners who
wholly dedicate themselves to
spirituality are called Sufis Sufism
arose less than a century after the
founding of Islam at the time many
Muslims were concerned with the
religions increasing materialism which
they believed would interfere with a
spiritual connection with God the word
Sufi is an Arabic term for mystic which
itself was derived from sooth or wolf
Sufis have historically worn wool as
rejection of worldly clothing by about
the 11th century Sufism had adopted a
system of fraternal groupings called
orders in these spiritual schools
leaders taught their followers of the
principles and rituals of Sufism which
included writing books and poems and
reciting hymns in fact the 13th century
is known as the Golden Age of Sufism as
the greatest mystical Islamic art and
literature is believed to have derived
from this period by the 16th century
Sufism was deeply ingrained in both
Sunni and Shia Islam and had spread
throughout Persia India and Central Asia
the most well-known symbol of Sufism is
the whirling dervishes a Sufi order that
originated in 14th century Turkey it's
known for its repetitive spinning dances
that unites the follower with God and is
a popular tourist attraction in Turkey
today
Sufis can still be found all around the
world but according to the Pew Research
Center the belief system is most common
in substance
Africa we're about 35% of Muslims in the
region are said to belong to a Sufi
order Sufism is also prevalent among
Muslims in India Thailand and other
Southeast Asian countries Sufism has
seen a resurgence in popularity as a
direct alternative to the growing
radicalization of Islam Sufis have a
legacy of philanthropy and missionary
work and are known for their
non-violence tolerance and personal
sacrifice during the Sufi forum in India
prime minister modi said at a time when
the dark shadow of violence is becoming
longer you were the Noir or the light of
hope Modi reportedly hopes to make India
the center of what he calls the world
Sufi movement or the large-scale effort
to use Sufism as a cure for jihadist
extremism world leaders have made
similar efforts in the past in countries
like the United Kingdom and the United
States but whether the ascetic
nonviolent practices and Sufism can
overcome the spread of radical Islam is
yet to be seen but even though Sufism
has influenced both Sunni and Shia Islam
there is a huge rift between these two
Islamic sects find out why by watching
this video the Sunni Shiite conflict
isn't even really about religion it's
about power originally Muslims were all
one group unified under the Prophet
Mohammed then in the year 632 Muhammad
died and Muslims split off into two
separate groups thanks for checking out
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
