for nearly as long as civilization has
been fighting wars it has been making
peace one of the earliest recorded peace
treaties was engraved into a stone wall
more than 3,000 years ago ending a war
between the Egyptians and the ancient
Hittite Empire peace negotiations have
always been ritualistic although
traditions have changed over time in the
early Middle Ages before literacy many
peace treaties were sealed with a kiss'
today such agreements usually require
signed documentation a handshake and a
neutral third party often this third
party is the United Nations but in many
instances it's Norway in fact since the
end of the Cold War the Scandinavian
country has recognized its engagement in
ten peace processes however experts say
this figure could be as high as twenty
as such arrangements are often bound to
secrecy
most recently Norway was instrumental in
brokering a peace deal between the
government of Colombia and the FARC
rebel group although the measure was
ultimately rejected in a referendum
so why Norway well Norway has a long
history as a so-called peace nation the
relatively young country emerged out of
a non violent secession with Sweden in
1905 and has since focused its foreign
policy on global leadership conflict
resolution and promoting international
human rights rather than Wars or
colonization the Norwegian government
was able to boost these initiatives in
the late 20th century as the discovery
of oil in the 1970s made it one of the
wealthiest countries in Europe by the
end of the 1990s Norway was funding more
than 20 NGOs in nearly 100 countries and
an estimated 1% of its population was
taking part in peacekeeping missions
around the world meanwhile Norway
cemented its role as a neutral
intermediary in major international
conflicts throughout the 1990s the
country brokered peace deals in Europe
Central America Africa and the Middle
East
beginning with the Oslo Accords in 1993
this was a series of meetings between
Israel and Palestine which had been in
violent conflict for decades Norway was
uniquely qualified to broker peace as it
had friendly diplomatic relations with
both Israeli and Palestinian leaders the
Oslo Accords were the first time Israel
and Palestine formally recognized each
other and although the Accords weren't a
peace treaty in a formal sense they
paved the way for a final agreement
signed in 1998 Norway's role in these
and other peace treaties however is not
without controversy for nearly 70 years
Norway has been a close ally to the
United States and other Western powers
through its membership in NATO taking
part in all of its major military
operations this has led many to question
whether the country is truly an
impartial mediator as it has made a
commitment to defend NATO countries
although Norway's impartiality has been
called into question the country still
upholds its reputation as the world's
peace broker in fact when discussing
matters of diplomacy many people
reference the so-called Norwegian model
which combines facilitation of these
treaties with long-term humanitarian aid
even the Nobel Peace Prize is awarded in
Norway after the winner is chosen by
members of the Norwegian Parliament
there's no doubt Norway's non violent
history combined with its active role in
mediating conflicts has cemented its
identity as the world's peace mediator
Norway plays an active role in the
United Nations and NATO and the country
has one of the fastest growing economies
in Europe so how powerful is Norway find
out in this video this is partially due
to Norway being the largest per capita
producer of oil outside the Middle East
accounting for roughly a quarter of the
country's nearly four hundred billion
dollar GDP thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for new videos from us every day
you
