International Travel is at an all-time
high with more than 1 billion people
venturing outside their home country
every year it should come as no surprise
that world-class cities like Paris
London and New York are all popular
destinations but none of them actually
occupy the top spot so what is the most
visited city in the world
well according to mastercards global
destination cities index which attracts
spending on travel related services the
most visited city in the world is
Bangkok Thailand in the 2016 index
Bangkok saw more than 21 million
overnight visitors compared to Paris and
London which saw roughly 18 and 19
million visitors respectively
more than 85% of Bangkok's international
visitors were there for travel or
leisure as opposed to business
this is relatively unusual for Asian
cities Shanghai for example sees fewer
than half of all foreign visitors there
for leisure during the 1980s and 1990s
Bangkok became a hub for business travel
as many multinational corporations
established headquarters there although
the city has been a popular vacation
stop for decades the Tourism Authority
of Thailand embarked on an ambitious
campaign in 2015 to increase tourism
even more although it's still in its
early stages the so called discover
Thainess campaign is expected to
increase visitors to the country's
largest region by nearly 30 million so
what's so special about Bangkok well the
Thai capital is home to countless
historical monuments including rural
palaces Buddhist temples and Hindu
shrines but studies showed that most
visitors seek out Bangkok because of its
diverse and inexpensive shopping in 2013
the city's enormous luxury shopping mall
the siam paragon was the most
instagrammed location on earth bangkok
also has a booming illicit sex industry
although prostitution in thailand is
illegal it's extremely visible
reportedly happening inside massage
parlors saunas and hotels sex tourism is
so pervasive that it's earned Bangkok
the unofficial nickname the Sin City of
Asia but beyond what Bangkok has to
offer a number of other factors play
into the city's role as a destination
Bangkok is the gateway through which
most foreign visitors enter Thailand
often on their way to the country's
picturesque beaches and lush mountains
the Thai capital is also a popular
destination for China and Southeast
Asia's rapidly growing middle class
people who a decade ago likely didn't
have the money or time to travel in fact
most visitors to Bangkok
from other parts of Thailand or from
neighboring countries and this is all
against the backdrop of Asia's
fast-growing economy which is fueling
both business and leisure related travel
in fact the region houses half of the
top ten most visited cities on the index
Bangkok isn't the only Asian city that's
rising in the ranks cities like Tokyo
and Seoul are seeing a 10 percent or
more increase in visitors every year
Osaka Japan is the fastest growing
destination city in the world seeing
more than a 13 percent increase in
international travelers between 2015 and
2016 as global economic power continues
to shift to Asia we may soon see other
cities in the region compete with
Bangkok to be the world's most
sought-after tourist destinations
bangkok tops the list in terms of most
visited cities but thailand is not the
most visited country far from it in fact
so what are the most visited countries
find out in this video well travel and
tourism are huge industries which
currently are thought to account for 9%
of the global GDP or 7 trillion dollars
in 2015 over a billion tourists
travelled the world thanks for watching
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
more videos every day
