now you may have heard of Kwanzaa that
celebration that coincides with
Christmas and Hanukkah you may have even
been to upon celebration in the 80s and
90s Kwanzaa was everywhere do you really
know what this holiday is about and why
it started let's jump back a few decades
in 1965 tensions between black
communities and law enforcement reached
a boiling point in Los Angeles saw the
most violent urban riot in 20 years as
the Watts Riots unfolded around him
la-based PhD student and activist
Maulana Karenga saw an opportunity to
restore unity in black communities and
foster african-american cultural
institutions values and traditions
so in 1966 Karenga created Kwanzaa with
the purpose to help connect black
Americans to their African roots and
with each other in the face of
marginalization in fact the name Kwanzaa
even comes from a Swahili phrase mattoon
d'ye Kwanzaa meaning firstfruits Karenga
decided that this new holiday should
fall in the seven-day period between
Christmas and New Year's he even added a
second a on the end of Kwanzaa to
represent each of these seven days each
day represents a different principle
unity self-determination collective
responsibility cooperative economics
purpose creativity and faith during
Kwanzaa Karenga wanted communities to
celebrate by gathering together to light
candles and to join in a huge communal
feast called Karamu inspired by a Zulu
harvest celebration every celebration is
different but generally families come
together to light a kinara read poetry
and dance to traditional African songs
for him to travel the country spreading
the word about this new holiday it then
gained momentum through schools and
colleges and pretty soon family started
adopting Kwanzaa into their yearly
celebrations at first many African
American Christians were opposed to
Kwanzaa as they didn't want it to be a
replacement for Christmas but as Kwanzaa
became more popular in the late 1960s
black churches began to embrace it and
the holiday became a supplement rather
than an alternative to Christmas some
churches even organized Kwanzaa
celebrations but Kwanzaa really took off
in the 1970s as the black middle class
started to grow after the 1964 Civil
Rights Act outlawed race-based
discrimination in employment the number
of African American middle
become owners increased dramatically and
continued to grow into the 1980s and 90s
as black families started to move into
white suburban areas they began to feel
isolated and Kwanzaa became a way for
them to reconnect to their history and
culture by 1995 the holiday was
celebrated by an estimated 10 million
Americans compared to just a few hundred
when it was founded with Kwanzaa
cemented popularity it didn't take long
for corporate America to notice by the
mid-1990s an entire industry had formed
around the holiday companies like
Heineken even created an advertisement
around Kwanzaa seven principles the
slogan read unity purpose creativity
faith Heineken beer is proud to
celebrate Kwanzaa and everything it
stands for this was something that
Karanga had specifically sought to avoid
saying the challenge for the african
people is to avoid the problems of
commercialization that they've learned
from other holidays like Christmas in
fact one of the seven principles of
Kwanzaa is the importance of a
self-sustaining cooperative economy
between African Americans one that
emphasizes black owned businesses and
discourages mass commercialization but
kwanzas mass marketing appeal was
somewhat short-lived by the mid-2000s
paraphernalia started to disappear from
shelves and many adherents abandoned the
holiday as a yearly tradition today only
2% of Americans are believed to
celebrate Kwanzaa despite the fact that
African Americans now make up 13% of the
population after five decades Kwanzaa
still stands as an important reminder of
the historic challenges that black
America has overcome and it still
remains a uniting force for millions
Kwanzaa emerged out of the fight for
equality during the civil rights
movement of course social norms in the
United States have changed somewhat
since the 1960's but minorities still
face greater challenges than their white
counterparts
to get a better sense of what
discrimination in America looks like
check out this video if you're black in
America you run into bias at a pretty
young age if you walk to school in the
morning you might have to wait longer to
cross the street drivers stop less
frequently for black pedestrians than
for
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
