the CIA has accused Russia of trying to
meddle in the u.s. presidential election
in order to elect Donald Trump but this
could be a classic case of the pot
calling the kettle black the CIA itself
knows a thing or two about how to
influence foreign elections during the
Cold War the United States deemed it
necessary to stop the spread of
communism around the world sometimes
that involved sponsoring a military coup
to overthrow a democratically elected
leader with communist ties that's when
the CIA would get involved in 1953 the
CIA along with the British government
supported a military coup to overthrow
the democratically elected prime
minister of Iran Mohammad Mossadegh
masada could nationalized Iran's British
anglo-iranian oil company potentially
damaging Western economic interests he
was also supported by Iran's Communist
Party even though he wasn't Communists
himself in 1954 the CIA organized a
military coup to oust Guatemala's
democratically elected president Jacobo
Arbenz he was seen as having ties to the
USSR and promoting economic policies
that would hurt the United Fruit Company
an American business known for its
bananas in reality he was attempting to
create a middle class by redistributing
unused land owned by the company and
demanding they pay evaded taxes on the
other side of the globe no Dinh Diem was
the us-supported leader of South Vietnam
during the beginning of the Vietnam War
but in an interesting twist the Kennedy
administration decided he was an
ineffective leader at a time when they
were attempting to defeat the communist
north so in 1963 the CIA helped plan a
military coup that ended with dm's
assassination but the long-term
consequences of each of these
involvement weren't exactly what the CIA
had hoped for the revolutionary icon Che
Guevara was deeply troubled by the
Guatemalan military coup which led to
his hatred of the United States and
involvement in the Communist Cuban
Revolution and back in Guatemala the
coup was followed by a civil war
spanning three decades and leaving
200,000 people missing or dead the
United States spent over a decade
fighting in Vietnam after the
assassination of note Dinh Diem
resulting in over 58,000 American
casualties before abandoning the
even North Vietnamese leader Ho Chi Minh
described dm's removal as stupid and in
Iran the us-supported monarchy was
overthrown in 1979 during the Iranian
Revolution leading to tensions between
the two nations that continued to this
day if Russia had a heavy hand in the US
elections that would definitely be a
slap in the face for democracy but the
United States is certainly not innocent
when it comes to influencing foreign
elections the CIA has released documents
that prove their involvement in these
cases and many more
but if Russia can learn anything from
the CIA's own meddling they may want to
be careful of what they wish
