one of president-elect Donald Trump's
former wives is hoping to be the
ambassador to the Czech Republic despite
no political experience whatsoever so
what does it take to be an ambassador
what do they do
while in short an ambassador also called
a diplomat exists as a direct line for
governments to interact ambassadors work
and often live in foreign countries
which are referred to as their host
country their duties are twofold first
they act as the public face to their
home country and represent the policies
and opinions of their country's leader
this place is a great weight on any
ambassador's shoulders as they must
navigate all situations in their
assigned country with not only the
correct information from back home but
also with all due respect and knowledge
of their host country's customs and
policies making a mistake or being
disrespectful reflects on the entire
country not just the diplomat themselves
and can potentially start an
international incident ambassadors are
also there to step in and mediate with
their host country when their home
country causes any diplomatic issues at
the same time it's the diplomats duty to
observe the political and social
environment and report back sosa
strengthen communication and foreign
intelligence any economic and political
changes are often first reported by
ambassadors as they likely have the most
contextual understanding of the
situation from the perspective of both
countries the role of diplomats around
the world is relatively universal and
was established by the Vienna Convention
on diplomatic relations of 1961 which
also delineated the ability of
ambassadors to work in their host
countries without fear of arrest or
lawsuit this is commonly known as
diplomatic immunity and while they
cannot be prosecuted in their host
country they can be kicked out the
day-to-day life of an ambassador is
often busy they're expected to attend
international meetings and conferences
or anywhere that needs their home
countries opinion and stature
represented technically this would be
the role of the president but since
there are hundreds of countries and
plenty more presidential
responsibilities other than foreign
relations ambassadors are effectively
delegated this work
ambassadors also hold executive
positions in foreign embassies and are
in charge of helping any of their
citizens when in foreign countries
should say an American citizen be
arrested in another country the u.s.
embassy and thereby the US ambassador
would make sure that they're treated
fairly well it's preferred that
ambassadors have prior foreign service
experience surprisingly there are no
actual requirements for the position
famed actress Shirley Temple was made
the US ambassador to Ghana and
Czechoslovakia less so because of her
diplomatic skills and more for the
positive connotations her presence would
bring thereby attempting to improve
relations between the u.s. and these
roughly 30% of ambassadors in recent
decades have been considered political
choices given to mega donors or friends
of the president former President
Richard Nixon was caught on tape saying
potential ambassadors must pay a quarter
of a million dollars if they want the
role the other 70 percent are usually
career Foreign Service officers with
considerable knowledge and experience in
the countries to which they are assigned
in the United States ambassadors must be
confirmed by the Senate which means that
if Donald Trump were to nominate someone
clearly wrong for the position that
person could be rejected but regardless
of who he nominates it'll be their
responsibility to make sure that they
approach the role with respect and
diplomacy we can't do episodes like this
without our sponsors if you're looking
for nutritionists approved snacks that
never use GMO ingredients trans fats
artificial colors or flavors
check out grace calm grace calm combines
wholesome ingredients with the flavors
we all love to create over a hundred
exciting snacks go to grace calm and
enter promo code seeker to get a free
sampler box president-elect Donald Trump
picked South Carolina Governor nikki
Haley as the US ambassador to the United
Nations so how do UN ambassadors
contribute to the General Assembly how
does the UN work find out in this video
there are two states in the UN which are
not actual members the Vatican whose
government is called the Holy See and
Palestine these are called permanent
non-member observer States and while
they can't vote they are allowed to take
part in debates thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe for more videos every day
