President Barack Obama is the first
American president to visit her ocean
with Japan since US forces bombed the
city during World War two
too many Americans the bombing of
Hiroshima and later Nagasaki was a
devastating but unavoidable maneuver to
end the war but in Japan the reaction of
the bombing has not been as cut-and-dry
so more than half a century later how
did the Japanese feel about the her
Oshima bombing in the summer of 1945
world war ii was in its final stages but
while germany had surrendered the united
states was still locked in a seemingly
endless battle with japan the US had
already carried out an extensive bombing
campaign against the country resulting
in hundreds of thousands of casualties
but still Japan refused to surrender
leaving the United States with two
difficult choices they could send in
ground troops which was estimated would
result in as many as 1 million American
casualties or they could drop the atomic
bomb the world's first deployed a bomb
fell on Hiroshi Shima in August 1945 the
blast obliterated 90% of the city and
instantly killed an estimated 80,000
people a second bomb was dropped on
Nagasaki and finally Japan's Emperor
announced the country's surrender citing
the overwhelming power of a quote new
and most cruel bomb with the war over US
troops flooded into the country to help
rebuild the devastation in the immediate
aftermath of the event many Japanese
were understandably overwhelmed with
sadness and frustration some victims
even demanded compensation from their
government but in truth the reaction of
the Japanese people was mixed after six
years of losing the war and the deaths
of millions of people many felt as
though a huge weight had been lifted it
was a great deal of relief I think
that's political scientist TJ papel who
has spent decades studying Japan's
post-war development according to compel
the war particularly the ongoing bombing
campaign was an unbearable burden on the
Japanese the irony was that very quickly
within first couple of months of the
American occupation and the defeat most
Japanese were just believed that the war
was over they could move on to some
version of a normal life but of course
this wasn't representative of the entire
Japanese population particularly those
on the far ideological left and right in
fact many of these people felt that an
apology
the US was very much warranted and still
is today the children of the victims of
the bombing etc they feel that it was
never justified and g11 apology is due
but President Obama did not issue an
apology during his/her oh Sh from a
visit instead the president met with
japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe Abe to
discuss their ongoing effort to rid the
world of all nuclear weapons Japan has
outright rejected nuclear proliferation
even while their country is the only one
in the world that's been victim to a
nuclear attack the hope is that most
Bobby and Obama can go there and say
this is terrible let's make sure it
doesn't happen again
let's work for the reduction of clear
arms let's work for ways in which Japan
and the u.s. can cooperate to work
disease since the war Japan has taken a
very different approach to international
relations the country has been less
inclined to solve disputes through
military force instead opting for
peaceful diplomacy this coupled with
their status as a world power puts Japan
in a unique position to set an example
for the rest of the world we're thrilled
to launch an all new seeker calm which
is hope to all of seeker Daily's
episodes plus articles photos and more
great video about science the world and
exploration we can't wait for you to see
it check the link in the description
below and we hope you'll share any
favorite stories or news with all of
your friends
