Iceland is considered the world's most
feminist country with an openly lesbian
former prime-minister a large female
labor force and nearly equal
representation in Parliament so what is
life really like for women in Iceland
well firstly women make up nearly an
equal amount of the labor force in
Iceland as men in fact Iceland has
ranked first on the global gender gap
index since 2009 the country scores
highly in areas such as political
empowerment and educational attainment
for women the United States by the way
ranks 45th in 2016 the economist named
Iceland the best place for working women
a 2008 law to find for the first time
both gender-based violence and
discrimination against women in the
workplace while enforcing equal job
opportunity for all regardless of gender
in 2010 Iceland passed a bill
establishing a quota for women on
company boards ensuring that each sex
represent at least 40 percent
nonetheless Iceland has yet to close the
gap on earned income and wages for
similar work where women make between 14
and 18 percent less overall some
estimate this gap could take 52 years to
close at the current rate much of this
progress was prompted by a woman's
strike in 1975 on October 24th 25
thousand women in Iceland gathered in
the capital to protest wage inequality
the strike was later titled The Woman's
Day Off movement and was celebrated for
the second time thirty years later on
October 24th 2005 this was again
repeated in October of 2016 in protest
of the same cause the number of women in
politics has grown immensely in the past
few decades in 1980 Iceland saw the
world's first democratically elected
woman president at the time of her
election only five percent of MPs were
women but by 1999 their share in
parliament rose to more than one third
today women represent nearly half or 48%
of Iceland's Parliament compared to the
United States is 19 percent making it
the most equal parliamentary system
without a quota in the world in 2009
Iceland elected its first female prime
minister and the world's first openly
gay prime minister perhaps a heavily
female contingent in politics had a hand
in pushing Iceland's landmark parental
leave legislation into
and helping women return to work more
quickly after childbirth every parent in
Iceland receives up to three months of
leave and share an additional three
months and as many as 90% of fathers do
take parental leave enabling women to
return to their regular working hours
research has shown that fathers continue
to share parental responsibilities with
housework and childcare long after the
leave is over in Iceland more women than
men attend University and graduate
school nearly 34 percent of women attain
higher education degrees more than the
EU average of about 26% and in fact
between 2002 and 2012 the number of
Icelandic women receiving higher degrees
increased more than the number of men it
is often said that Iceland is the best
place to be a woman in 2010 Iceland
banned strip clubs with the unanimous
vote making it an offence for any
company to profit from the nudity of its
employees with female leadership
advocating for women's rights political
strengths to tackle problems and a vocal
women's movement it seems the country's
gender equality issues aren't soon to be
ignored we can't do episodes like this
without help from our sponsors this
episode was brought to you by Kay
Jewelers for a hundred years every kiss
begins with Kay women make up half the
Icelandic population but the country's
culture and practices encompass its
entire population so what exactly is
life like for all Icelanders find out in
this video
about two-thirds of its people live in
or around the capital of Reykjavik which
ranks as one of the safest cleanest and
most eco-friendly cities in the world
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe so you get
more videos every day
