in December 2016 Italian voters rejected
a referendum on stripping one of the
country's two parliamentary chambers of
most of their powers in advance of the
referendum Italy's Prime Minister Matteo
Renzi promised he would step down if it
failed now that it has failed and he has
announced his resignation many fear for
Italy's future especially its membership
in the eurozone so could we soon see
something of an italics it or acquittal
the referendum put forth by Prime
Minister Renzi was intended to make the
government function more efficiently by
reducing the bureaucratic power of the
Senate but an opposing populist party
known as the 5 star movement campaigned
for voters to vote no arguing that the
decision would give the p.m. and half of
Parliament too much power the incredibly
high voter turnout and failure of this
referendum points the growing popularity
of the 5 star movement which was started
by an Italian comedian
it supports issues such as public water
sustainable transportation and
development environmentalism and a right
to Internet access the resignation has
opposition parties calling for
Parliament to be dissolved and snap
elections to be undertaken which could
push the 5 star movement to power using
populist momentum members of the party
have already entered Parliament and 1
became the first female mayor of Rome
earlier in 2016 the party has repeatedly
called for a referendum on dropping the
euro as the country's currency citing
restrictive budget rules from the EU
instead they'd prefer a national
currency like the former Italian lira
which was fully replaced by the euro in
2002 but even if the five star movement
does secure a majority in parliament and
is able to hold such a referendum would
that be enough to get rid of Italy's
euro well the first issue is that the
Italian Constitution while allowing
referendums does not allow them on
international treaties this would not
only include dropping the euro but also
separating from the European Union if it
came to that for a referendum on
international treaties to be valid the
party would need a two-thirds majority
in parliament to change the constitution
or an equivalent coalition at the same
time polls show that only about 15% of
Italians are even interested in leaving
the euro so changing the constitution
for this reason could end up being a
waste of effort and finally even if the
Constitution has changed and if the
referendum to leave the euro passes it
could still be blocked by the
Constitutional Court so while the
failure of December's referendum has led
to the PM's resignation few are worried
about losing the euro in the meantime
the country will probably have a
caretaker government
by the finance minister until the next
elections in 2018 or until possible snap
elections the changes in government also
paved the way for the five star movement
and has plenty of other
anti-establishment plants while now
talks concern leaving the euro should
the country continue on its current path
some believe Italy may eventually try to
withdraw from the EU entirely in any
case there's no doubt Italy will be
seeing major shifts in the coming years
if you're like me and love history
science and exploration you should check
out discovery go where you can binge
watch all seasons current and past of
your favorite Discovery Channel shows
check out the link in the description
below to learn more
if Italy does successfully leave the
euro it would likely have volatile
consequences for the currency and
financial markets the less stable
currency is the less likely people are
to use it so why did the EU decide on a
multinational currency and just how
powerful has it been find out in this
video
countries whose currencies were already
stable were given the opportunity to
replace them with a unified currency
which they called the euro this
transition occurred on January 1st of
1999 however in the years since nine
non-eurozone countries have maintained
their pre European Union currencies for
many this is due to the loss of control
over interest rates or currency policy
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
