according to the Institute of
International Finance Russia may run out
of financial reserves by mid 2017 the
country has spent the past two years
battling economic shortfalls
so is Russia running out of money well
since mid-2014 russia has seen an
ongoing recession with wages adjusted
for inflation dropping nearly 10 percent
an inflation itself as high as 15
percent the country's currency the ruble
has fallen dramatically in relation to
the dollar doubling from about 34 rubles
per dollar to nearly 80 rubles per
dollar in just six months many blamed
these economic troubles on collapsing
oil prices and international sanctions
in 2014 Russia invaded Ukraine and annex
the territory of Crimea in response the
European Union United States and a
number of other countries imposed
economic sanctions on Russian trade
businesses and individuals some foreign
assets were seized debt financing was
reduced and a number of goods were
prohibited from trade most importantly
many of these sanctions targeted the
country's state-owned oil exports in
fact oil is the leading cause for
Russia's current economic crisis around
the same period as the annexation of
Crimea oil prices worldwide collapsed
Saudi Arabia flooded the tightly
controlled market outpacing demand and
cutting costs significantly although
it's believed that this was done to halt
US investment in alternative sources of
oil it also affected nearly every
country dependent on oil for revenue the
cost per barrel dropped from roughly $99
in June of 2014 to less than 42 dollars
on average in 2016 in response Russia
lowered its oil export dependence from
50% of its revenue in 2014 than just 37%
in 2016 budget officials also base the
2016 budget on oil prices being $50 a
barrel but as the years progressed the
real price has averaged to be
considerably lower than expected one of
the biggest consequences of this
recession is the country's massively
depleted reserve fund this fund is used
to shore up the yearly budget which is
based on what the government projects it
will receive in taxes and exports but
for the past two years those predictions
have fallen short as of September 2016
this fund held roughly 32 billion
dollars which is less than a quarter of
what it was at its peak in
2008 but all of this doesn't mean that
Russia will run out of money entirely
since the country boasts the GDP of
roughly 1.3 trillion dollars but it
would likely mean that the remaining
shortage would come from Russia's
welfare fund the roughly seventy billion
dollar fund is intended to serve as
capital for future pensions as well as
any major investments such as
infrastructure Russia could use the fun
to solve budget issues in the short term
but be left without any prospects for
improvement in the future we can't do
episodes like this without our sponsors
and this episode is brought to you by
domain.com if you're an entrepreneur
innovator or building a small business
domain.com is the place to go when that
next great idea hits you get 20% off
domain coms already affordable domain
names and web hosting when you use
coupon code seeker at checkout when you
think domain names think domain.com many
of these decisions have come down to
russia's President Vladimir Putin
although many believe he helped make
Russia and economic world power years
after the fall of the Soviet Union today
those policies aren't quite as effective
at keeping the country afloat so is
Putin leading Russia into a great
depression find out in this video
Russia even destroyed tons of cheese
fruit bacon and other foods instead of
allowing them to go to the country's
many impoverished residents thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for more videos every
day
you
