according to the RAND Corporation
corruption in Europe comes with a price
tag of nearly a trillion euros every
year three-quarters of Europeans
surveyed in 2013 said that corruption in
the continent was widespread and many of
them said it was increasing so we wanted
to know what is the most corrupt country
in Europe well every year transparency
international releases the corruption
perception index in 2015
ranked at number 130 adver worldwide 168
and alongside countries such as Cameroon
Iran and Nepal the most corrupt country
in Europe appears to be Ukraine with a
score of just 27 out of 100 Ukraine has
long been one of the least transparent
states in the region even ranking two
full points below neighboring Russia one
of the biggest sources of corruption is
bribery which is most often used in day
to day interactions to speed up the very
inefficient government bureaucracy a
2008 survey found that the highest rates
of corruption occurred in vehicle
inspections police interactions health
care the court system and higher
education such as universities according
to one Ukrainian anti-corruption advisor
more than 12 billion dollars a year
disappear from the budget due to
corruption this culture of bribery is so
deeply ingrained that former President
Viktor Yanukovych allegedly paid a total
of two billion dollars in bribes to
various officials just over the course
of his four years in office much of this
money was allegedly spent paying
election officials to ensure his party's
majority in parliament in fact Ukraine's
elections have long been marked by well
known and widespread fraud in the 2004
election multiple foreign observers
noted voter intimidation and direct
electoral fraud in favor of Yanukovych
this prompted countrywide riots known as
the Orange Revolution in the face of
these riots the Ukrainian Supreme Court
nullified the results of the election
and ordered a second vote to be taken
with Yanukovych is opponent ultimately
won another area of corruption is
Ukraine's court system which unlike most
developed countries does not in practice
operate under a separation of powers
judges are regularly pressured by
high-ranking government officials to
vote in their favor or to pass down
lenient sentences to their associates
and despite an anti-corruption push in
2010 leading to hundreds of criminal
cases against active officials very few
were ultimately prosecuted a 2009 poll
found that fewer than one in three
Ukrainians believe it's possible to get
a fair
Ukraine has an enormous number of
problems from widespread alcoholism to a
deeply insufficient healthcare system
failing infrastructure and as of 2016
seemingly no reduction in corruption
WikiLeaks revealed that the u.s.
considers the country a kleptocracy that
is government by thieves Ukraine's
newest President Petro poroshenko is an
oligarch and businessman who's known as
the chocolate king for his ownership of
the largest confectionary manufacturer
in the country despite his promises to
crackdown on corruption many believe
that Ukraine will continue to be the
most corrupt country in Europe are you
on snapchat so are we and we're telling
really really cool stories that you
won't hear anywhere else do us a favor
open up your snapchat app pause the
video and scan this code we want to know
what you think thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe for more videos every day
