the Rockefeller family is one of the
richest and most well known dynasties
they've held positions in politics
influenced Environmental Protection and
owned some of the most expensive real
estate in the world so how did they
amass and hold on to so much money and
how rich are they really today
there are six generations of
Rockefellers with the 21-member
fourth generation currently controlling
their enormous wealth headed by the 100
year old David Rockefeller but all of
their current riches stem from one
entrepreneur John Davison Rockefeller
senior in 1870 he co-founded what would
be the largest oil refiner in the world
the Standard Oil Company by undercutting
the competition and colluding directly
with railroads it became one of the
earliest oil monopolies and in the early
1880s rockefeller-controlled roughly 90%
of all the oil in the United States but
in 1911 the Supreme Court ruled the
monopolies illegal nonetheless when
Rockefeller died in 1937 he was worth
about one and a half percent of the
entire US as GDP which today would be
roughly three hundred and forty billion
dollars he is considered to be the
single wealthiest person in US history
following this initial influx of wealth
Rockefellers son John D jr. began an
effort to diversify and maintain the
goodwill of the family name through
philanthropy and real estate
New York's famed Art Deco Rockefeller
Center was originally built by jr. who
also donated land to the Museum of
Modern Art contributed to the Met and
other Rockefellers were involved in
iconic real estate throughout Manhattan
like The Cloisters Museum and the former
World Trade Center towers the family has
also worked in environmental
conservation donating land and
establishing more than 20 national parks
all around the country as one of the
richest families in the world
Rockefellers have been among the most
charitable the original John Dee's
senior contributed more than half a
billion dollars mostly to medical
research leading some to call him the
greatest medical benefactor in history
his son jr. gave away nearly the same
amount to various causes bringing the
total between the two to more than 1
billion dollars by 1960 and still today
the oldest living Rockefeller David has
personally donated nearly 1 billion
dollars to charity
but nobody really knows the full scope
of their wealth as much of it is tied up
in real estate and investments
some estimates accounting for inflation
place the Rockefeller worth at 11
billion dollars but their ability to
maintain their wealth is the result of
the Rockefeller trust where the majority
of the family's money has been kept
since 1934 a trust committee oversees
the use of this money and family members
receive portions of the generated
interest rather than dipping into the
principal amount Rockefellers have used
their fortune to affect public change
and occupy important political positions
Nelson Rockefeller was a vice president
jay rockefeller was a senator and others
have been involved in finance and
business around the world but with such
wealth the Rockefeller family has also
been the focus of a number of conspiracy
theories predominantly the idea of a new
world order where a wealthy elite
replaced the world's government with a
secret totalitarian Authority while we
can't say there's much evidence for this
new world order there is plenty of
evidence that the Rockefellers are
incredibly rich powerful and
philanthropic be sure to check out a
bunch of new episodes coming out on the
seeker stories channel like this one
about a lawyer who decided to change to
a more unusual career path I left the
law firm behind to play with bricks full
time the bricks I use in my art and that
are here at the studio are the very same
bricks that people could purchase at a
toy store I don't paint them I don't
have access to special colors or special
shapes and sizes and we're in my art
studio today where I have over 5 million
Lego bricks thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for new videos every day
