when it comes to major world conflicts
Canada often takes the role of a quiet
observer the country has only fought in
two major Wars over the last 50 years
notably taking a back seat during the
United States invasions of Vietnam in
Iraq within its borders Canada maintains
low levels of corruption violent crime
and domestic dissent so we wanted to
know how does Canada manage to stay so
peaceful
well Canada has a long history of
domestic peace and non intervention
until the 1930s the country's military
and foreign affairs were under British
control as a British protectorate
that meant that when Britain joined
World War 1 in 1914 Canada was
automatically roped into the conflict
the country then voluntarily fought
alongside the Allies in World War two
but after the war can it affords a
unique national identity focused on
peace multiculturalism and social
liberalism today Canada still holds true
to these values the country spends
roughly 10 times more on health care
than it does on its military and
allocates much of its defence budget
toward international peacekeeping in
fact the UN's peacekeeping program
largely stems from former Canadian Prime
Minister Lester Pearson in 1956 he
created the UN body that resolved Egypt
and Israel's Suez Crisis a body which
continued to be used for peacekeeping
missions around the world
additionally Canada recently allocated
450 million dollars to peacekeeping
missions over the next three years
domestically Canada maintains an
extraordinarily low violent crime rate
with just over 500 homicides in 2014 the
country's strict gun laws also keep gun
violence low with just 172 firearm
related homicides in 2012
Canada's unique criminal justice system
is heavily focused on prevention rather
than enforcement an experts say citizens
have never felt safer in their
communities however Canada's indigenous
community or First Nations may not agree
as they have for decades been
disproportionately victim to violent
crime according to government statistics
nearly 1/4 of the homicide victims in
2014 were indigenous despite the fact
that they account for just 5 percent of
the population in Canada inclusivity and
multiculturalism though is encouraged
and decades of liberal immigration
policies have made the country a melting
pot of ethnicities and nationalities
government statistics suggest that
within the next 15 years nearly half of
Canada's adult population will be
foreign-born or have at least one
foreign-born parent
unlike many other countries which resist
immigration Canadians tend to be
extraordinarily welcoming for instance
shortly after Prime Minister Justin
Trudeau took office in 2015 his
administration pledged to take in up to
50,000 Syrian refugees in less than two
years promoting the program with the
hashtag welcomed refugees this was
largely made possible by a law that
allows private citizens to directly
sponsor refugees coincidentally this
1978 initiative was spearheaded by
Trudeau's father who wanted to take in
thousands who were forced to flee
repressive communist regimes in Vietnam
Cambodia and Laos by 1980 Canada had
resettled over 60,000 refugees more than
half of whom were sponsored by complete
strangers
Canada's generosity toward immigrants
and refugees is one of the many ways the
country's laws have influenced its
culture the country is famous for
consistently being among the first to
implement progressive measures including
universal health care same-sex marriage
and strict gun control studies show that
a majority of Canadians have faith in
their social welfare programs support
the growing diversity of their
population and believe that their
country is on the right track if you're
a fan of history science and exploration
you should definitely check out
discovery go where you can watch all
your favorite Discovery Channel shows in
one place click the link in the
description below to learn more unlike
its neighbor to the south Canada tends
to stay out of international conflicts
but if the country did get involved
would it be able to defend itself just
how powerful is Canada find out in this
video
Canada's biggest trading partner and
geopolitical Ally is the United States
which buys more Canadian exports than
any other country and accounts for 1/3
of American oil usage in fact they are
the fifth largest oil producer in the
world with the third largest oil
reserves thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for new videos every day
you
