every year The Economist Intelligence
Unit releases its ranking of the most
livable cities in the world in which
they attempt to quantify what exactly
makes living in a city better or worse
it generally breaks down into five
categories stability health care culture
and environment education and
infrastructure so what are the world's
most livable cities well in fact the top
seven cities are actually comprised
within just three countries with six
countries total in the top ten although
it's not true everywhere countries with
effective policies tend to see positive
effects countrywide however many major
cities around the world can actually be
victims of their own success cities such
as New York City or London are world
renowned but also have higher crime
rates overpopulation leading to
infrastructure failure and often much
higher cost of living the cities in this
list are able to avoid some of those
pitfalls the top-ranked city in the
world is Melbourne Australia a title
it's held for six years in a row two of
the country's other metropolis Adelaide
and Perth ranked fifth and seventh in
the list as well in terms of stability
which concerns threats of terrorism
violent crime and military conflict
Australia has little to fear for radical
change all three cities enjoy the same
health care system which is a
combination of government and private
insurance and results in affordable
assessable and high quality care the
country's universal health care even
helps pay for treatments outside of
hospitals with a temperate climate
especially in Perth as well as free
public education and long term
investment in infrastructure it's not
surprising that Australia makes the list
three times but perhaps what's even less
surprising is that the next most
commonly appearing country on the list
is Canada with Vancouver Toronto and
Calgary taking spots three four and five
Calgary is tied with Adelaide like
Australia Canada has universal health
care and free education both of which
are relatively well managed funded and
take into account the needs of
low-income citizens
Canada also has little to fear
geopolitically as it's mostly uninvolved
in international conflicts and has the
United States as a direct neighbor and
protector sandwiched on the list in
between Australia and Canada is the city
of Vienna in Austria ranking second
worldwide in fact other scales of
livability like the mercer quality of
living survey have ranked vienna first
the city is Austria's capital and its
economic political and cultural center
in 2013 it was named by the UN as the
most prosperous city with a particular
focus on both a thriving economy and
urban planning with a high density of
culture both historic and newly diverse
Vienna is known as a city for music
architecture and unique cafes the last
three cities to round out the top ten
are Auckland New Zealand Helsinki
Finland and Hamburg Germany all three
have subsidized or free health care and
education two categories which tend to
improve cities and countries around the
world all three cities are also
economically thriving which allows them
to focus government services on their
populace improve things like
infrastructure and provide high rates of
employment building a livable city
doesn't seem especially complicated you
need clean air and water to live without
fear for your life and liberty the
ability to be cured when you're sick and
a right to be educated but for many
cities around the world
this doesn't mean it's easy to achieve
if you're like me and you love history
science and exploration you should check
out discovery go where you can binge
watch all seasons current and past of
your favorite Discovery Channel shows
check out the link in the description
below to learn more so just how
important is education to creating a
city worth living in clearly the top 10
value their education system but they
aren't the best in the world so which
country's value education the most find
out in this video a substantial portion
of the ranking is based on an
international assessment of reading
mathematics and science literacy called
pizza now since the year 2000 Finland
has topped most international education
lists especially based on Pisa scores
thanks for watching seeker daily please
don't forget to Like and subscribe so
you can see new videos every day
you
