Republican presidential candidate Donald
Trump faces three class-action lawsuits
for fraud false advertising and
deceptive business practices over his
so-called University some have suggested
that Trump University is actually a
Ponzi scheme
and while Trump you was more of an
expensive real estate seminar than a
university and a lot of participants
lost their money it was not a Ponzi
scheme
many people are quick to call this and
similar scams Ponzi or pyramid schemes
so what exactly are they and how do they
work in short a Ponzi scheme is a scam
in which victims are coerced into
investing in an entity that doesn't
exist Ponzi scheme operators recruit
unsuspecting individuals by promising
that they'll get rich quick by putting
money in a promising business or
exclusive investment portfolio however
this money is never actually invested
and instead ends up as profit for the
fraudsters or small payments for early
investors to provide the illusion of
stock growth this practice is also known
as robbing Peter to pay Paul and self
sustains until there aren't enough new
investors or until enough of the victims
ask for their money back when the scheme
eventually unravels hedge fund managers
profit off whatever money is left the
term Ponzi scheme was coined in 1920
after italian-american businessman
Charles Ponzi gained notoriety for his
investment fraud operation which cost
his clients an estimated twenty million
dollars Ponzi's front company promised
investors huge returns by purchasing
cheap postal reply coupons from overseas
and redeeming them for US postage stamps
which is the most 1920s crime ever today
most people associate Ponzi schemes with
Bernie Madoff the mastermind behind the
largest investment fraud operation in US
history for decades Madoff useless
credentials as a well known NASDAQ
Chairman and Wall Street bigwig to
coerce investors into his investment
firm this game robbed billions from
wealthy individuals as well as
charitable organizations universities
and publicly traded banks in 2009 he was
sentenced to a hundred and fifty years
in prison Ponzi schemes are often
conflated with pyramid schemes as both
are get-rich-quick scams fueled by
fraudulent investments a pyramid scheme
starts with one investor who recruits
others by promising them high returns
those second investors make a payment to
the initial investor in exchange for the
ability to recruit more investors who
will pay
them as more subordinate investors are
recruited the pyramid grows larger and
larger but as the pyramid grows the
returns gets smaller until eventually
there are no returns so people stop
buying in and the pyramid collapses
leaving those at the bottom with the
biggest losses Trump University was not
a pyramid or Ponzi scheme as it didn't
involve a fake hedge fund or fictitious
stocks but many allege it was a scam and
if the allegations turn out to be true
it profiteth for unfounded promises and
unlawfully exploited its customers but
this is just one of many scandals to
have surrounded the Trump campaign this
election so it's unclear whether it'll
have much impact on his chances at the
White House now we here at seeker daily
had this great idea to make all of us
successful all you have to do is share
this video with two friends and have
those friends share this video to more
friends and so on
it's called this secret triangle plan of
success just kidding
but you should check out discovery go
where you can find all of your favorite
Discovery Channel shows in one place
click the link below to learn more
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for more
videos every day
