in October 2016 a thirteen-year-old girl
in India died after completing a 68 day
religious fast the girl and her family
were devout followers of Jainism which
celebrates a lifestyle of radical
self-control and restriction this time
it went too far but it made us want to
know what exactly is Jainism well
Jainism is an ancient religion largely
concentrated in India its followers
don't worship one aminah patan creator
God like Christianity or Islam rather
Jane's believe that the universe is made
up of Jeeva which is souls or
consciousness and a Jeeva which is
time-space physical matter and
everything else that doesn't have a soul
both Jeeva and a Jeeva are thought to
have existed forever and can never be
destroyed
James believed that souls live in a
cycle of reincarnation and that karma
which are impurities that result from
conscious actions attached to the soul
throughout life the ultimate goal of
Jainism is to eliminate all karma those
without any karma are thought to be
liberated from the cycle of life and
death and instead become a perfect
godlike being or moksha achieving this
divine existence is the purpose of life
for James unlike other religions that
emphasize a final judgment day there is
no Supreme Being to cleanse your karma
or forgive your sins
as a result followers must reach
liberation on their own through a life
of strict self-discipline and
righteousness specifically James must
make five vows to achieve moksha they
must not steal or lie must not be swayed
by their sexual desires must not be
emotionally attached to their
possessions or anything in the physical
world and they must not intentionally
harm another soul the word Jain actually
derives from the Sanskrit word for
conqueror thus the goal of the Jain is
to conquer all things that would prevent
salvation the vow of non-violence is one
of the most defining features of Jainism
because of the great lengths followers
take to adhere to it Jain monks are
known as sweep away insects from the
street so that they're not stepped on
and although all Jane's are vegetarians
and many are vegans some will go as far
as not eating root vegetables such as
potatoes or onions because of the tiny
organisms that are injured during
harvest one of the most striking symbols
of Jainism is the swastika before it was
used by the Nazis the swastika was
Sanskrit for well being adopted by
Jane's to symbolize the cycle of
reincarnation they could be reborn as a
human a hellish being a subhuman which
is like a plant or a heavenly being
these four existences
are symbolized by the four points on the
swastika Jainism developed alongside
Buddhism and Hinduism around sixth
century BC and as a result the religions
have a number of similarities
for instance both Hindus and Jains
believe in karma and reincarnation
however Jane's reject the idea of a
creator God and a hierarchy based caste
system it's thought that there are
millions of followers of Jainism
although an exact figure is hard to
determine a vast majority live in India
however the religion can also be found
in immigrant communities in Kenya the US
Canada and the UK
Jainism is revered around the world for
its radical austerity and commitment to
non-violence if you're a fan of
innovative storytelling you should check
out seeker VR our newest youtube channel
has all our 360 videos in one place have
you ever wondered would be like to hear
color and see sound in this special 360
episode we'll show you what it's like
tough synesthesia
it was the final music theory course for
my music major at the end of the class
my professor mentioned that some people
can physically see sounds as colors and
to me I thought duh and everyone in the
classroom turned to look at me
we did tests where they played notes on
the piano and I told them what color it
was
and at that point I knew I had
synesthesia thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for new videos every day
you
