on October 29th 2016 Iceland will hold a
general election one of the most
surprising political parties in this
election is being hailed as it's likely
next leader the pirate party in April
2016 just following the Panama papers
scandal which asked the country's prime
minister polling showed the pirate party
with 43 percent support an unprecedented
amount for an only four year old group
so just how powerful is the pirate party
well the pirate party in Iceland is
actually just one of a number of
so-called pirate parties around the
world
the original was named after the Pirate
Bay an online repository of torrents
which was publicly targeted by u.s.
copyright groups in response a
single-issue party arose in Sweden
advocating for very limited copyright
protections in the interest of societal
improvement including unlimited
non-commercial use and a shorter period
of exclusive economic copyright the so
called Swedish pirate party saw a lot of
online support and eventually was able
to petition to be listed on the ballot
for national legislative elections
within just a few years pirate party
members were elected into Swedish
parliament and two party members even
made it into the european parliament in
berlin germany their pirate party was
able to secure 15 seats in state
parliament this success inspired a
number of similar parties branching past
the single issue of copyright and all
unified by what is called the core
policy each party has a similarly phrase
number of policy points the first
emphasizes critical thinking and
well-informed policy this encourages
decisions on the basis of data and
information regardless of their source
or initial desirability the second
branch secures the population civil
rights these include the right for all
people to vote freedom of religion
expression and the press as well as the
right to engage in peaceful protests
third is a right to privacy including
anonymity and self-determination the
party clarifies that secrecy should not
be so great that it affects other
individuals and that anonymity doesn't
mean people are not responsible for
their actions on a related note in 2013
the Icelandic pirate party attempted to
introduce legislation which would grant
Edward Snowden citizenship at a time
when the US had revoked his passport the
legislation was ultimately unsupported a
fourth important portion of the core
policy is to maintain transparency so
that the powerless can monitor the power
all this includes making information
easily accessible and allowing citizens
a say in affairs that involve them
directly including unlimited information
related to those affairs the second to
last point recesses Freedom of
Information but specifically to
delineate that the ability to collect
and share information should only be
overruled to protect individual rights
the same idea is applied to freedom of
expression finally the pirate party
promotes a direct democracy where voters
are directly engaged and involved in
policy matters and electing public
officials during an age of global
surveillance threats on freedom of
expression and an increasingly opaque
international web of governments the
pirate party success is not altogether
surprising
Iceland's tiny population of under half
a million allows it greater freedom to
experiment with alternative and new
political theories although small the
party's activism roots and youth
oriented progressive ideas have
resonated with Icelandic voters barring
an unexpected defeat Iceland may soon be
run by a political offshoot of a torrent
website
it truly is 2016 and if you've been
subscribed for a while you may have seen
our seeker snapchat we've got a lot of
cool stories updates and other surprises
coming out every week scan this code or
add seeker right now we'll see you there
