the Ottoman Empire was one of the
longest-lasting empires in modern
history spanning from 1299 seee
to 1922 but after its meteoric rise
throughout Europe spreading Islam and
bridging the eastern and western worlds
the Empire slowly deflated and collapsed
ultimately some of the worst
geopolitical situations we've seen in
the past century can all be linked to
the fall of the Ottoman Empire
so what contributed to this steady
collapse well at its peak in the 16th
and 17th centuries the Empire covered
more than 15 million people and about 2
million square miles throughout the
Mediterranean Sea as well as Southeast
Europe Western Asia the Caucasus and
North Africa but the spread of the
Empire upset neighboring Western
European powers which saw the Islamic
empire as encroaching on their own
conquests in particular the House of
Habsburg was one of their most
aggressive rivals and the two fought a
series of wars in the 16th through 18th
century the most important of these Wars
was the second siege of Vienna in 1683
the Ottomans attacked the Austrian city
for a period of two months while Poland
and the remaining Western Holy Roman
Empire cooperated to fend off the
invaders eventually Austrian and
neighboring forces overwhelmed the
Ottoman army finally stopping their
advance through Europe the defeat was so
great that within years the ottomans
were also pushed out of Hungary and
Transylvania and forced the Empire to
stop expanding throughout Central Europe
via the Treaty of karlitz this first
major concession marked the beginning of
the end after being forced into peace
throughout the 18th century the Ottoman
military lost ground both geographically
and morally against their European
counterparts seeing their power waning
the Ottomans instituted strict reforms
known as tan Zimmy which encouraged
Empire based nationalism and equality
among the vast diversity of Ottoman
citizens although the remaining regions
became stronger and more unified the
Empire as a whole continued to shrink in
the early 20th century the First World
War provided an opportunity for the
Ottomans to reclaim their lost territory
so in 1914 they joined with the European
Central Powers against the Allies
consisting of Britain France and Russia
although the Central Powers had some
early victories including the collapse
of the Russian government in 1917 by the
following year the Allies had
overwhelmed their opponents and won the
war British troops occupied the Ottoman
capital of Constantinople and
haier empire was ceded to the Allies who
partitioned it away so it could no
longer threaten Western power in the
region this geographical carving
significantly increased the
participation of countries like Britain
and France in colonizing and occupying
regions of the Middle East and gave rise
to what we now know as the modern Arab
world what little was left of the
Ottoman Empire was ultimately
consolidated as the Republic of Turkey
the effort to split a once unified
Empire along almost arbitrary borders
created significant conflict between the
new states and regions one example was
the British government's support of a
Jewish homeland to be established in
Britain's recently acquired territory of
Palestine a move which today has created
a considerable amount of conflict and
strife another example saw France
acquiring the region of Syria and
Lebanon which created a number of
smaller states with arguably
incompatible populations such as Sunni
and Shia faiths
today the long term result of Western
powers taking over the former Ottoman
Empire have led to a huge number of
unexpected consequences although it was
an extremely long lasting Empire and
fell less than a century ago today its
former glory is more of a memory and if
you want to know how the Empire grew to
be so large and how it maintained its
hold for so long you can watch the first
part of the series the rise of the
Ottoman Empire check it out here
originally the eastern region of the
Mediterranean where the Ottoman Empire
flourished was actually under the
control of the Roman Empire
specifically the eastern Roman Empire
also called the Byzantine Empire thanks
for watching seeker daily don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
