in September 2016 India announced it
would provide Afghanistan with 1 billion
dollars in economic aid this is far from
the first time India has supported the
war-torn country so why do India and
Afghanistan love each other well India
and Afghanistan were both once part of
the British Empire and shared a large
portion of their borders until the late
1940s when India gained its independence
their alliance largely began in 1979
when the Soviet Union invaded
Afghanistan India was one of the first
non-communist countries to recognize
Afghanistan's new Soviet backed
government as Afghanistan transitioned
out of Soviet rule a decade later India
sent Aid and supported every ceding
government but the relationship hit a
roadblock in 1996 when the Afghan
government was seized by the Taliban a
violent Islamist militia India refused
to recognize Taliban rule in fact no
country short of Saudi Arabia Pakistan
and the United Arab Emirates would
sanction the oppressive regime bilateral
relations worsened in march 2001 when
the Taliban ordered the destruction of
two ancient stone Buddhas as the
birthplace of Buddhism India was deeply
affected and protests ensued but since
the overthrow of the Taliban and the
resulting us-led war India and
Afghanistan have renewed diplomatic ties
in fact you could argue that they're
stronger than ever
India has pledged more than two billion
dollars in aid money to Afghanistan and
according to the Indian government
roughly 4,000 personnel are carrying out
aid and security projects this means
anything from providing electricity to
building schools to training Afghan
police and public officials and although
India has never sent its own troops into
Afghanistan it has sent paramilitary
forces to secure the country's porous
border with China a shared rival as
India and Afghanistan security ties have
grown so has their shared economy
bilateral trade between the two
countries has roughly doubled in the
last decade reaching more than 680
million dollars in 2015
India has also invested in Afghan
infrastructure including power projects
mine's more than 400 miles of roads a
bronze dome Parliament building and a
hydroelectric India Afghan friendship
dam today with the u.s. pulling troops
out of Afghanistan India is struggling
to define its role in the still unstable
country the relationship is further
complicated
by neighboring Pakistan which has long
tried to secure power over the Afghan
government as a longtime rival of India
Pakistan views the country's growing
support of Afghanistan with suspicions
Pakistani officials have even blocked
Indian goods from passing through
forcing India and Afghanistan to build a
port in Iran in order to continue
bilateral trade this is on top of
growing concern over allegations that
the Pakistani government has provided
safe havens for terrorists with ongoing
regional instability and growing
distrust for their shared neighbor India
and Afghanistan's alliance may be more
crucial now than ever one of the big
reasons that India looks to Afghanistan
as an ally is to ward off the influence
of Pakistan to say that India and
Pakistan have issues would be putting it
mildly the two have been engaged in
endless conflict since they were
partitioned in the 1940s so why exactly
do India and Pakistan hate each other
find out in this video
soon after the divide there was an
enormous migration of an estimated 14
million people these were Muslims trying
to move from India to Pakistan and
Hindus and Sikhs trying to move from
Pakistan to India it remains one of the
largest population exchanges in history
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for more
videos every day
