at its height the Ottoman Empire spanned
three continents and covered what we now
know today as Turkey Egypt Greece
Bulgaria Romania Macedonia hungry Israel
Palestine Jordan Lebanon Syria and
several other regions in Arabia and
North Africa it was one of the largest
and longest lasting empires in history
spanning from about $12.99 seee
all the way to 1922 today few remnants
of the once-mighty Empire remain largely
centralized in Turkey but how did the
Ottoman Empire rise to power in the
first place originally the eastern
region of the Mediterranean where the
Ottoman Empire flourished was actually
under the control of the Roman Empire
specifically the Eastern Roman Empire
also called the Byzantine Empire after
Western Rome fell in the fifth century
the Christian Byzantine Empire struggled
to keep up in the face of rapidly
spreading Islam this followed the Golden
Age of Islam which lasted from around
the 8th to the 13th century around the
14th century a tribal leader named Osman
Gazi or Osman the first came to control
a small principality just south of the
Black Sea although small the region
Osman controlled was also a prime for
the spread of Islam with Islamic
fighters hoping to overcome the
weakening Christian Byzantine and Y loss
Minh never saw the fruition of his
efforts while he was alive his military
continued to expand under subsequent
leaders growing the Empire and
eventually culminating in one of the
most important military conquests in
history the fall of Constantinople in
1453 the Byzantine Empire was on its
last legs and barely holding territory
outside of its capital Constantinople
meanwhile the Ottoman Empire had spread
throughout the Mediterranean region by
some accounts roughly 100,000 to 150,000
Ottoman fighters descended on roughly
10,000 defenders of the Byzantine
capital there would have been more
defenders but the Black Plague had just
swept through and decimated
Constantinople forces after less than a
two-month siege the capital was overrun
and the Byzantine Empire along with the
Roman Empire finally collapsed forever
Constantinople was quickly converted
into the new capital of the Ottoman
Empire and was colloquially renamed as
islambol meaning full of Islam and in
fact one of the biggest reasons for the
Empire's continued
was the massive influence of religion
besides being united by the concept of
conquest in the name of Islam also
called jihad the Ottoman Sultan was
considered a protector of Islam as was
the Empire itself with such a strong
religious backing as well as a massively
powerful slave based army few other
forces were able to compete or defend
themselves the Ottomans were also great
at forming unlikely alliances both
across religious and ideological lines
one such alliance paired the Empire with
France as they both opposed the Austrian
House of Habsburg the Alliance proved
beneficial to both as they supported
each other in their conquests of niece
Corsica and hungry this has been called
the first non ideological diplomatic
alliance of its kind between a Christian
and non-christian Empire by the 16th
century the Empire had spread to more
than 15 million people and roughly 2
million square miles
led by Suleiman the Magnificent the
Ottomans longest-reigning Sultan the
Empire controlled the Mediterranean Sea
as well as Southeast Europe Western Asia
the Caucasus and North Africa thus
serving as the perfect melding of
Eastern and Western cultures and acting
as an intermediary for both sides of the
world through endless military
determination a single family line of
rule for centuries and a highly
centralized system of government the
Ottoman Empire was able to grow from a
few miles of principality into one of
the largest and most influential empires
in history but its superiority didn't
last forever and not long after its peak
it began a slow and steady decline
eventually resulting in the turbulence
for which we now know the Middle East
region we'll tell you all about that in
another video chronicling the fall of
the ottoman empire if you're a fan of
innovative storytelling you should check
out seeker BR our newest youtube channel
has all our 360 videos in one place have
ever wondered would be like to hear
color and see sound in this special 360
episode we'll show you what it's like
touch synesthesia it was the final music
theory course for my music major at the
end of the class my professor mentioned
that some people can physically see
sounds as
and to me I thought duh and everyone in
the classroom turned to look at me we
did tests where they played notes on the
piano and I told them what color it was
and at that point I knew I had
synesthesia please make sure to
subscribe to seeker VR and thanks for
watching
