the United States and the Philippines
have had strong diplomatic ties for
decades but you would never guess that
by listening to Philippine president
Rodrigo Duterte since taking office in
June 2016 Duterte has unleashed an
aggressive campaign against the United
States
threatening to halt joint military
exercises and even calling President
Obama a quote son of a whore
Duterte said bilateral ties are no
longer benefiting the Philippines and
that he plans to quote break up with
America so what led up to this point how
did their relationship get so
complicated well ties between the US and
the Philippines largely stemmed back to
the late 1800s at the time the
Philippines was a colony of Spain and
was fighting for independence when
American troops arrived during the
spanish-american war philippine rebel
troops fought alongside them eventually
defeating the spanish in 1898 however
instead of granting the philippines
freedom the u.s. claimed it as its own
territory and declared war against
philippine revolutionary forces american
troops killed hundreds of thousands of
philippine civilians in a series of
alleged war crimes in one particularly
heinous instance US troops ransacked a
residential area killing anyone who is
more than ten years old after three
years of fighting the united states won
and placed the philippines
under a civilian government and over
time the philippines attitude toward the
u.s. significantly improved as the
united states fostered economic
development and introduced public
education elections and social programs
by the mid 1930s the philippines had
become largely autonomous and the u.s.
agreed to grant it full independence
within a decade however those plans were
interrupted with the onset of World War
two during which Japan invaded and
occupied the Philippines American and
Philippine troops jointly defeated the
Japanese and in 1946 the Philippines
gained full independence around the same
time it signed a mutual defense treaty
with the u.s. part of which allowed the
United States to maintain more than a
dozen military bases there today the US
and the Philippines are largely tied
together by their shared adversary China
the Philippines and China both hold
claims on the resource-rich South China
Sea and in the last several years China
has aggressively pursued Island building
on these territories feeling threatened
by China's land grabbing the Philippines
has allowed the u.s. to increase its
military presence in the country
including naval and aerial patrols in
general there is a tremendous amount of
goodwill between the two countries
according to a 2015 Pew poll the
Philippines is the most pro-america
country in the world with 92 percent of
its population viewing the u.s.
favorably experts say this is in part
because so many Filipinos have
immigrated to the US over the last
century there are an estimated four
million Filipino Americans living in the
US making them one of the largest Asian
minority populations the United States
has appointed interest in keeping this
relationship strong as the Obama
administration continues its strategic
effort to bolster diplomatic and
security ties with its Asian allies
however president due tear ties direct
insults of Obama and threats to end the
u.s. Philippine defense partnership
could mark a new chapter in their
complicated history if you're like me
and you love watching wildlife shows you
can check out Animal Planet go where you
can watch all the seasons current and
past of your favorite Animal Planet
shows I'm currently working my way
through Whale Wars right now super cool
lots of intrigue and drama check out the
link in the description below to learn
more so how exactly did President
Duterte come to power and why do critics
call him the Donald Trump of the
Philippines find out more about this
outspoken politician in this video he
has openly tolerated the killing of
alleged criminals by an unauthorised
death squad that patrols the city and as
himself said that those committing
illegal activity were legitimate targets
of assassination while human rights
groups have condemned his remarks and
actions others agree that the Philippine
justice system is inadequate to deal
with dangerous crime
Duterte has even promised to kill
thousands of criminals if elected thanks
for watching seeker daily everyone make
sure you like and subscribe so you get
new videos from us every day
