at the height of the Cold War in 1961
the United States and Cuba severed
diplomatic ties in the succeeding
decades the US government slapped on
economic sanctions and travel
restrictions which coupled with the
policies of its repressive government
kept Cuba isolated and its people
trapped in poverty in 2015
diplomatic relations were restored
prompting major changes in the Cuban
economy and the lives of its ordinary
citizens so how has life changed for
Cubans in the last few years well one of
the biggest changes for Cubans has been
the sudden influx of American tourists
the US government has gone back and
forth on travel restrictions since the
Cold War but for the most part Americans
have been legally barred from entering
Cuba unless going as a journalist or as
part of an organized tour group however
since 2014 the US has significantly
eased travel restrictions and even
allows Americans to spend money there as
a result the number of American tourists
in Cuba has increased every year and in
2015 it increased by more than 75
percent Cubans however still need
official permission to leave the country
or even travel between provinces this is
all happening as Cuba undergoes major
economic reforms as a socialist country
most businesses are owned by the state
and workers are paid a fixed monthly
salary
however since 2010 the government has
slowly begun to allow self-employment
and private sector jobs today private
employment extends to more than 200
occupations many of which cater to
tourists as a result many Cubans who are
employed by the state for instance as
doctors engineers and farmers also work
in their free time as taxi drivers or
servers that's because counterintuitive
as it may seem these positions often pay
more nearly 500-thousand Cubans are
currently registered as self-employed
however economists say that number is
closer to 2 million or about 40 percent
of the workforce alongside these
economic and diplomatic reforms internet
access has become increasingly prevalent
traditionally internet in Cuba was
shoddy expensive and limited to Internet
Faye's I remember when I traveled to
Cuba as a journalist in 2002 the
internet was only available to
foreigners in certain hotels we brought
our local Cuban guide to our hotel and
introduced him to the internet for the
first time and he was absolutely blown
away I will never forget the look on his
face when he realized that news about
the rest of the world was just a click
away but things have changed in the last
few years the government has created
dozens of public Wi-Fi zones open more
internet cafes and increased
connectivity speed American telecom
companies can now sell computers and
mobile phones in Cuba and internet
providers are partnered with the state
but even though more Cubans are getting
online still only about five percent
have web access at home and their
activity is closely monitored by state
officials so change is happening but
many vestiges of communism remain
political opposition is repressed
commercial property cannot be bought or
sold and the government controls all
imports and exports Cuba still has few
wholesale markets meaning that many
restaurant and shop owners must buy
their inventory at retail prices or on
the black market but besides their
centrally planned economy the biggest
hurdle in the way of change is the US
trade embargo which prohibits most
American companies from doing business
in Cuba President Obama has pushed for a
full lift of this ban however the
republican-led Congress has repeatedly
voted against it there's no doubt Cuba's
economy is improving but until trade
with the US resumes ordinary Cubans will
continue to live in relative isolation
as the amount of privately owned
businesses grow in Cuba more
entrepreneurs are looking for creative
ways to work around the trade
restrictions to learn more about what it
takes to run a business
under the embargo check out this video
from seeker stories in nineteen
ninety-three the Cuban government began
opening up the economy and in 2011 Cuba
implemented another wave of free market
reforms thanks for watching seeker daily
please make sure to LIKE and subscribe
to see new videos every day
