Turkey is building a wall along its
border with Syria in an effort to
prevent both smuggling and illegal
immigration border walls have appeared
throughout history from the Great Wall
of China to the Berlin Wall and there
are now more than 45 border walls around
the world but do they work Wolves can be
effective at keeping people out hungry
likes to tout the success of their fence
along the Serbian border but with most
walls the people kept out are often the
poor those with money and resources like
cartels and terrorists can bypass the
walls using fake documents building and
maintaining a wall can also be expensive
for the nation that built it the current
fence along the United States border
with Mexico has cost seven billion
dollars that money going to things like
engineering difficulties and maintenance
fights with property owners and fixing
environmental problems it is caused all
that and it only spans a third of the
border but besides a financial cost
there is the psychological toll which
one German psychologist named wall
disease the doctor observed increased
depression alcoholism and domestic abuse
in populations being kept behind walls
but building walls still remains popular
with global construction doubling after
9/11 has a response to terrorism
migration and globalization experts
explain that a walls physical presence
makes people feel safe even though their
effectiveness remains in debate
you
