Gold is one of the most precious metals
in the world and has run the gamut from
its uses currency to jewelry and even
electronic plating and infrared
shielding but for many people to cost
far outweighs its intrinsic value seeker
stories went to South America to learn
about some of the worst exploitation
both human and environmental gold is
maybe the most universal shorthand there
is for value and for greed the ancient
Egyptians were obsessed with it
European explorers marauded through
South America in search of it in
American cities like San Francisco and
Seattle rose to prominence because of it
it's a big part of our history as humans
looking at all that our obsession with
gold also seems historical sort of
old-timey but that's not at all true
there's still huge demand for gold today
the recession of 2008 helped gold
quadruple and value and a full half of
all the gold mined in the world has been
mined in the past 50 years alone but
what is different about gold today is
how we get it what happens in gold
producing areas is not what we imagine
where somebody's in a cave using a
chisel and a hammer to get these big
gold nuggets that's Diego cupolo a
photojournalist who spend some time in
Cajamarca Peru near a modern gold mine
actually not just any gold mine the
largest in all of Latin America and
modern mining looks very different than
it used to
most of the gold that we are mining now
comes in the form of little specks of
sand little flakes mixed in with dirt so
basically a lot of these companies are
using open pit mines to grab as much
dirt as possible and then they process
it with different chemicals including
cyanide mercury arsenic basically a
laundry list of all the things you want
to keep far away from evil but the
mining process creates a lot of waste
water laced with those pollutants and up
in the Andes Mountains the water doesn't
stay put when you take mine operations
and you put it on top of a mountain the
water as we all know only follows
gravity it goes down in every direction
and therein lies the problem
according to Diego poisoned water has
seeped throughout the region causing
stomach cancer in people illnesses and
livestock and decimated fish populations
and the people of cajamarca were
promised new wealth from the mining
economy haven't all seen a benefit they
see water that is contaminated and
economic opportunities that haven't
really changed for them quality of life
has remained the same for many of these
people without any of the profits that
you assume a gold mine would bring to a
region and so the people have done the
one thing that they're able to do about
the mines protest
they're pushing back against foreign
corporate influence ruined Natural
Resources and a history that somehow has
never seemed to change for them they've
been exploited for about five hundred
years now ever since the Spanish arrived
and started taking the Incas gold but
the same story happens wherever you have
resource extraction projects it's a
dirty industry which makes private
profits and public disasters for Diego
it all comes back to the value of gold
as expensive as gold e is right now
after visiting cajamarca Diego sees it
as undervalued dangerously so I realized
that gold is cheap because we pay
through it through the lives of people
who live in gold producing areas through
the lives of people that live in
Cajamarca or any region in the world if
you want to see more in depth content
like this subscribe to seeker stories
they will take you around the world
sharing stories that surprise challenge
and inspire you like this one about a
company that is revolutionizing
sustainable energy with an unexpected
resource environmentally is for
deforestation the leading cause of
deforestation is for food production
with algae producing 40 times more per
acre that means we plant a thousand
acres of algae that's 40 thousand acres
of crops that don't need to be planted
please make sure to LIKE and subscribe
to seeker stories for more of their
documentaries and thank you for watching
you
