Hillary Clinton's vice presidential pick
has been described as boring and not as
progressive as the other Democrats vying
to be on the ticket so why did Clinton
pick the Virginia senator as her running
mate who is Tim Kaine well Tim Kaine has
held public office for nearly two
decades representing the state of
Virginia
but Kaine actually grew up in the
Midwest and graduated from Harvard Law
before serving as an attorney Kane's
legal career was heavily focused on fair
housing and pro bono work where he often
represented racial minorities and
discrimination cases these experiences
are still the heart of Kane's public
statements where he stresses the
responsibility of Americans to quote
acknowledge their privilege and the duty
of politicians to quote create a fairer
society Kaine entered politics in 1994
and rose through the ranks serving as a
city council member mayor lieutenant
governor than governor shortly after
Barack Obama was elected in 2008 the new
President appointed Kaine to oversee the
Democratic National Committee where he
aggressively championed Obama's more
progressive policies such as the
Affordable Care Act Kaine left the DNC
in 2011 to serve as a Virginia Senator
with an emphasis on defense and foreign
affairs although he positioned himself
as a liberal counterpoint in the
Republican dominated Senate his foreign
policy stances were often criticized by
the left as hawkish this is one of a
number of objections to Kaine by
progressives and far-left Democrats one
particularly thorny subject in this area
is abortion politically Kaine is
pro-choice and boasts a perfect score
from Planned Parenthood regarding his
Senate votes personally however he
opposes the procedure citing his
Catholic faith Kaine has said that life
begins at conception and even as
governor passed a state law aimed at
restricting access to abortions many
progressives also say Kaine has not done
enough to block the TPP a trade deal
that critics say will loosen
environmental regulations and give too
much power to corporations in 2015 Kaine
voted to fast-track authorization for
the deal however he said he would
ultimately not back the treaty unless
significant changes are made Cain may
not be the VP of choice for many on the
left but as a running mate for Clinton
is a seemingly perfect fit Kane is
fluent in Spanish he presents himself as
a voice for minorities and he is widely
seen as trustworthy and safe all areas
work Clinton falls short Cain is also a
seasoned politician with a history of
winning elections and perhaps most
importantly he represents a swing state
in what is rapidly becoming a tight race
and despite being firmly on the
ideological Left Cain is not necessarily
an enemy of the right as he regularly
emphasizes faith work ethic and family
values in the end Cain may or may not be
the edge Clinton needs but he certainly
won't cost her the election we can't do
episodes like this without our sponsors
and this episode is brought to you by
domain.com if you're an entrepreneur
innovator or building a small business
domain.com is the place to go in that
next great idea hits you get 20% off
domain coms already affordable domain
names and web hosting when you use the
coupon code seeker at checkout when you
think domain names think domain.com Tim
Cain as a potential vice president will
likely be a topic of discussion at the
forthcoming general election debates
Clinton may or may not make a solid case
for her presidential platform but at
this point does it really matter to find
out more about the influence of debates
on presidential elections check out this
video although there's little evidence
that debates can outright decide
presidential elections they do appear to
be able to nudge polls by a few
percentage points but researchers say
this shift has less to do with the
candidates substantive talking points
and more to do with how they come off to
viewers and thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
so you get new videos from us every day
