in April 2016 a viral video showed a
Georgia School Principal paddling a
five-year-old student the video prompted
a public debate on the effectiveness and
legality of corporal punishment which
continues in many US schools despite
efforts to outlaw it so we wanted to
know where is it still legal for
teachers to hit students well in the
United States there's no federal law
that addresses the use of corporal
punishment in schools meaning that it's
up to States and individual school
districts to regulate it as they see fit
as of August 2016 31 states had outlawed
the Disciplinary practice and 19 allowed
it to a certain extent or with
permission from a parent or guardian
however it should be noted that corporal
punishment is not pervasive in many of
these states it just hasn't been
outlawed yet according to data from the
Department of Education more than 70
percent of children who are disciplined
with physical force resided in one of
just five states all of which are in the
south corporal punishment has been used
in US schools since the birth of America
as a country as the practice was brought
over by British colonizers such
discipline was and continues to be
justified by the common law doctrine of
in loco parentis which literally
translates to in the place of a parent
the idea is that because the children's
parent or guardian isn't present their
teacher automatically assumes all
disciplinary rights and responsibilities
and although adults inflicting pain on
children may seem like an obvious breach
of Rights it's actually constitutional
in 1977 the Supreme Court found that
physical discipline did not violate a
student's rights were even their freedom
from cruel and unusual punishment so
exactly how pervasive is corporal
punishment well federal data suggests
that nationwide one child is hit every
30 seconds in school this number
increases considerably for black
students who receive corporal punishment
at nearly three times the rate of their
peers not even special education
students are exempt from such discipline
according to a 2007 study by the Office
for Civil Rights nearly 42,000 disabled
students received corporal punishment
over the course of a single school year
some educators argue that physical force
is the most effective way to
supplant however a slew of evidence says
otherwise countless studies have shown
that students who are subject to
corporal punishment are more likely to
struggle academically and face
psychological problems like depression
PTSD and social anxiety later in life
reports like these have led to a number
of organizations including the UN and
the US Department of Education to
strongly discourage the use of corporal
punishment in schools most countries
have ceded to these recommendations the
practice is only unregulated in 10
countries most of which are in the
Middle East and Africa
meanwhile a hundred and six countries
have either outlawed or committed to
outlaw and corporal punishment in any
setting as with other aspects of its
educational system it may take a while
for the u.s. to catch up to the rest of
the world if you're like me and love
history science and exploration you
should check out science go where you
can binge watch all seasons current and
past of your favorite shows right now
I'm watching marathons of how it's made
check out the link in the description
below to learn more concern for students
well-being doesn't stop at corporal
punishment many schools particularly
those in war-torn countries are so
unstable that students and faculty fear
for their lives to learn more about
these dangerous schools check out this
video
schools and children are protected under
the laws of war as well as international
human rights law as outlined in the 1949
Geneva Convention occupying powers must
facilitate the proper working of all
institutions devoted to the care and
education of children and even provide
education for children who are displaced
because of war thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
