on September 26 2016 Democrat Hillary
Clinton and Republican Donald Trump went
head-to-head at the first presidential
general election debate this is one of
the most watched television programs of
every election cycle with many viewers
seeing it as a potential game-changer in
a close race but do presidential debates
actually matter
well according to most political
scientists not really multiple studies
of polling from before and after general
election debates showed little or no
change in the opinions of voters in one
particularly comprehensive study
researchers took every publicly
available poll from presidential
elections between 1952 and 2008 only to
find one candidate who saw significantly
less support after the debate Jimmy
Carter in 1976 ironically Carter went on
to win the 1976 election against Gerald
Ford this rang true even in debates
where a candidates performance was so
objectively good or bad that people
thought it decided the election one
example is the following election when
Carter was running against the widely
popular Ronald Reagan at the debates
Reagan made a game out of pointing out
Carter's repetitiveness with the
comeback here you go again it quickly
became the defining phrase of the
election and Reagan went on to win by a
landslide but experts say Reagan would
have won either way as for the most part
support for both candidates remained
unchanged after these supposedly
game-changing debates although there's
little evidence that debates can
outright decide presidential elections
they do appear to be able to nudge polls
by a few percentage points but
researchers say this shift has less to
do with the candidates substantive
talking points and more to do with how
they come off to viewers for instance in
the first televised debate in 1960 John
F Kennedy stared directly into the
camera as he answered questions and he
came off as confident and sincere
where's his opponent Richard Nixon
frequently glanced off to the side of
reporters appeared unshaven and overall
looked nervous it was even alleged that
most TV viewers declared Kennedy the
clear winner where's those who tuned in
by radio former Nixon the media also
plays a significant role in shaping the
outcomes of debates news outlets will
often analyze each candidate's
performance often corresponding with
their own biases and declaring one
winner
studies show that an overwhelming
majority of viewers will side with
whichever media outlet they're tuned
into nevertheless debates are crucial as
they're essentially the first
comprehensive look at a nominees
political platform so why don't they
change minds well according to some
political scientists debates tend to
attract politically inclined viewers who
have likely already decided who they're
voting for it also doesn't help the
debates are so close to Election Day
that in some states early in-person
voting bilaval ready begun but ok this
is 2016 and if there's one overarching
theme to this election it's that the
status quo doesn't mean much what's more
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are on
radically different ideological
platforms and are according to polls
equally unlikable for the millions of
Americans who can't fathom voting for
either these debates could be a deciding
factor or maybe not nonetheless being
good at debating in real life is a
pretty huge advantage being able to
prove your point and convince others can
help you get pretty far ahead learn how
to do that in this episode of dnews when
the subjects were shown videos
challenging their beliefs the part of
the brain associated with logic and
reason the dorsal lateral prefrontal
cortex didn't light up very much however
the orbital frontal cortex the anterior
cingulate and posterior cingulate all
lit up and those areas are mainly
associated with emotion conflict
resolution and moral judgment thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for more videos every
day
