politicians tend to focus on short-term
solutions but should there be someone in
government looking to the future what
exactly would a future Department or
Secretary of the future do well having
someone analyze what might happen in the
future seems like a tricky job but in
the corporate world this position is not
entirely uncommon
according to American Public Radio's
marketplace a number of influential
companies like Intel and Google already
have futurists these people look at
things like past company metrics the
progression of research and development
and any other data that can paint a
picture of what will happen perhaps more
importantly it can also paint a picture
of what a company might want to avoid in
theory this sounds complicated but in
practice it can be incredibly beneficial
as it helps paint goals for companies to
grow into in fact although the United
States does not have anything resembling
a department of the future it kind of
used to from 1972 to 1995 the office of
Technology Assessment provided an
up-close look at what topics were being
debated and decided on in Congress as
science and technology developed at
breakneck speeds the ot8
released research reports concerning
complicated technical environmental and
social issues including their possible
outcomes and any relevant policy
decisions this useful service was
summarily defunded by Congress in 1995
which some say was the result of its
less than positive predictions for
example Ronald Reagan's proposed missile
defense system nicknamed Star Wars was
predicted to be a catastrophic failure
by the OTA despite the project's favored
status with Reagan the aftermath of the
OTAs shutdown has been described as a
setback for science and politics without
unbiased governmental reports Congress
people have been providing their own
reports and experts using groups like
lobbyists and think tanks rather than
impartial scientists issues like climate
change have become points of debate
instead of simple scientific facts
despite a roughly 97 percent agreement
rate among climate scientists that
climate change is real the remaining 3
percent are used by some in Congress to
support their claims but while the OTA
is gone similar organizations around the
world have survived
the European parliamentary Technology
Assessment performs an identical
function to the OTA as does the British
parliamentary Office of Science and
Technology the EPT a even prepared to
report on innovation and climate change
in advance of the groundbreaking 2015
Paris climate conference in the United
States over the past two decades many
have called for a return of the OTA
perhaps functioning as a department of
the future major companies rely on such
positions to make sure that they're
complying with the law being as
efficient as possible and opening the
door to innovation if such a system
works in the private sector and used to
work in the government then it doesn't
seem like such a bad idea to bring it
back we can't do episodes like this
without help from our sponsors like
domain.com join millions of others
online with your com or.net domain name
be recognized with the world's premier
web addresses and our friends at
domain.com are giving fans 20% off
domain names and web hosting when you
use coupon code seeker at checkout
luckily most of the world doesn't need a
future department to agree on climate
change in 2016 120 countries agreed to
sign the Paris agreement to tackle
climate change but will this treaty
really work find out in this video
each participatory country is encouraged
to set its own achievable response which
is required by article 3 to be quote
ambitious but the real heart is in the
top 55 biggest polluters which
contribute 55% of the world's pollution
the agreement is only intended to go
into effect if these 55 countries ratify
it thanks for tuning in to seeker daily
make sure to subscribe for new stories
every day
you
