if you've been subscribe to seeker daily
for a while you might have seen some of
our recent VR videos it's a completely
new way to tell stories learn and
experience the world and the best part
is you don't need any special equipment
you can view it in 360 from your phone
or computer this week seeker is excited
to announce a brand new channel seeker
vr to celebrate our launch we sent a
camera from Earth to the edge of space
and now you can experience the trip for
yourself click the screen now to watch
or the first link in the description
right now the air pressure is about
ninety percent lower than it is back on
the ground close to the atmospheric
pressure in space under these conditions
your body would not be able to survive
without a spacesuit make sure you
subscribe to seeker VR we promised your
love what's coming
