since 2011 the Sudanese government has
bombed as many as 20 schools in its
military campaign against rebel forces
in civilian areas but Sudan is not the
only country to target or otherwise
attack schools during warfare as schools
are often intentionally used as military
bases due to their somewhat protected
status according to a study by several
human rights organizations schools and
at least 26 armed conflicts spanning
across four continents have been used
for military purposes over the last
decade so why are schools
targeted during war well schools and
children are protected under the laws of
war as well as international human
rights law as outlined in the 1949
Geneva Convention occupying powers must
facilitate the proper working of all
institutions devoted to the care and
education of children and even provide
education for children who are displaced
because of war Additional Protocol added
in 1977 guaranteed all children involved
in non-international armed conflicts the
right to an education yet throughout the
second half of the 20th century
violations of these laws persisted so in
2015 the UN Security Council adopted
resolution 2 2 to 5 which stressed the
government's duties to protect children
during wartime
so although international law heavily
restricts military use of schools it
does not specifically outlaw the
practice as a result schools are still
regularly attacked or used as bases by
both rebels and state security forces
opposition groups in particular are
known to target schools as to them guell
represents the very institutions they
oppose like the government or education
for girls this is particularly true in
Somalia where clashes between the
militant group al-shabab and government
backed opposition forces have led to
thousands of student and faculty
casualties many students who have not
been killed or coerced into the
insurgency have been forced to flee
after their school was attacked or
occupied as of 2012 nearly 12% of Somali
boys and 8% of girls were enrolled in
secondary school one of the lowest
enrolment rates in the world
al-shabaab fighters have even used
students as human shields in the event
of an attack what's more those who are
left standing are often indoctrinated
and recruited into the group in 2010
alone al-shabaab recruited an
estimated 2,000 child soldiers this way
even schools and developed countries
aren't immune to the threat of armed
occupation ongoing conflict in Ukraine
has led the country's government forces
as well as Russia backed militants to
occupy or attack schools in the line of
fire militant forces have been known to
hit schools with heavy artillery and
unguided rockets and leave behind
destroyed classrooms as well as mines
and other weaponry by late 2014 nearly
150 schools had been closed in Ukraine
because of the conflict international
humanitarian laws are clearly not
effective in keeping schools and
students safe during wartime
so in 2015 more than 50 countries
endorsed the safe schools declaration
which puts forth a series of guidelines
that aim to reduce the impact of armed
conflict on education the declaration
strongly discourages military from
occupying or damaging a functioning
school or actions that would otherwise
put a school in harm's way until more
countries commit to the safe schools
declaration or take other initiatives to
combat attacks on schools we will likely
see more civilian casualties and a
damaged educational foundation for
future generations
protecting children and other innocent
civilians is a paramount part of any war
so much so that it is codified in the
basic rules of war and the rules of war
aren't just a vaguely agreed-upon idea
as we know war crimes are prosecuted on
the basis of globally binding legal
documents so what exactly are the rules
of war and where do they come from find
out in this video
soldiers cannot target civilians at all
only other combatants and they can't
destroy civilian crops or poison their
drinking water soldiers also may not
torture prisoners of war and must keep
them alive giving them food water and
access to communication with their
families
thank you for watching seeker daily
everyone make sure you like and
subscribe so you get videos from us
every day
