August 29th 2016 marked the United
Nations International Day against
nuclear tests although atomic bombs have
claimed thousands of victims casualties
of nuclear tests are often forgotten and
even kept a secret
despite the long-lasting damage in this
seeker stories video we explore what
happened to the victims of careless
atomic testing by the US and the Soviet
Union in the mid 20th century take a
look five four three two one
fire the Cold War saw a lot of nuclear
weapons testing by the US Soviet Union
UK France and others the US did much of
their early testing at Bikini Atoll in
the South Pacific
the Soviets chose a remote part of
what's now Kazakhstan the story of
Bikini Atoll is not a proud one for the
u.s. local residents there were shuffled
inexpertly around nearby islands before
the testing and many were still exposed
to dangerous levels of radiation but as
embarrassing as that episode is for the
u.s. it's nothing compared to what
happened in Kazakhstan in 1949 the
Soviet Union detonated their very first
atomic bomb in an area called
Semipalatinsk known locally as the
polygon the region was roughly the size
of New Jersey and according to one of
the program's architects it was
uninhabited as it turns out that claim
was off by about 1.5 million people it's
hard to know whether the Soviet military
was simply callous in its choice of test
site or downright sinister there are
reports of villagers being instructed to
step outside their homes before
detonations so that the effect of
radiation exposure can later be studied
either way for 40 years from 1949 to
1989 the Soviets detonated nuke after
nuke here as many as 456 of them that's
so many that the explosions became
almost commonplace for some villagers
almost every day recalled one woman
announcements on the radio at noon would
say now there is going to be a test of
nuclear weapons everything would shake
the windows in my classroom were
shattered by the shockwave from
the blasts all these tests laid waste to
the environment rivers and water sources
were contaminated farmland was tainted
and the people began to suffer almost
immediately cancer rates skyrocketed as
did mental disabilities infertility
depression and harrowing birth defects
all in all around 200,000 people are
believed to have suffered directly from
radiation
the weapons testing finally ceased with
the collapse of the Soviet Union but the
shadow cast by the program remains long
to this day one in 20 children born in
the polygon area suffer deformities the
suicide rate is four times the national
average and then there's the fact that
when the site closed Russia essentially
just walked away leaving untold amounts
of radioactive material behind the towns
in and around the polygon were poor
enough that scavenging metal from the
old facilities became commonplace
further subjecting locals to radiation
the United States caught wind of this
and launched a massive effort with
Russia and Kazakhstan to secretly clean
up the test site a mission that wasn't
finished until 2012 the moral of the
story as if it needs one is that nuclear
testing can leave a mark on a place for
generations the residents of Bikini
Atoll still understand this in
Kazakhstan understands it maybe best of
all so well in fact that the country has
helped lead the charge to ratify the
comprehensive nuclear-test-ban treaty
the treaty calls for nothing less than a
worldwide end to all nuclear detonations
though it won't go into effect until
it's ratified by all 44 of the key
nations who created it Russia notably
has ratified the treaty perhaps with the
memory of the polygon fiasco still fresh
and in fact today there are only eight
holdouts China Egypt Iran Israel India
Pakistan North Korea and the United
States
if you want to see more in-depth content
like this please check out seeker
stories we take you around the world
sharing the stories that surprise
challenge and inspire us like this one
about a photojournalist who spent the
last 15 years capturing what life is
like for women in Afghanistan when
Islamic fundamentalist group the Taliban
seized control of the country in the mid
90s everything changed why are women
treated the way they are alive is the
culture culture that's existed for so
many years now is Paula Bronstein a
photojournalist who has spent the last
15 years documenting life in Afghanistan
with a particular focus on women please
make sure to LIKE and subscribe to
seeker stories to see new web docs every
week
you
