international travel was once a luxury
reserved for the wealthy and ultra
adventurous today an increasing number
of people are venturing out of their
native countries leaving seasoned
travelers in search of untouched
destinations but for a handful of
countries no matter how untouched the
spike in international travel has had
little to no effect so which major
countries are the least touristy well
one of the least visited countries is
Moldova in Eastern Europe which saw just
11,000 foreign travelers in 2014 tourism
in Moldova has dropped since the mid
1990s and in 2008 it hit an all-time low
of 7,000 annual visitors as a result
Moldova quickly gained notoriety as the
least visited country in Europe but
instead of burying the label the country
actually embraced it effectively
rebranding itself as Europe's scrappy
road less travelled from 2010 to 2015
Moldova partnered with the US Agency for
International Development and several
nonprofits to aggressively promote the
country's peculiarities and niche
industries like wine and relics leftover
from Soviet rule although the campaign
has seemingly increased tourism the
industry is still faltering it should
come as no surprise that guinea in West
Africa is also not on many people's
bucket lists the country only sought
33,000 visitors in 2014 that may sound
like a lot but with a population of
nearly 12 million that's only about one
tourist for every 372 locals there's no
way to know for sure why guinea is so
unattractive to tourists but the biggest
deterrents are likely its ongoing
domestic instability widespread illness
lack of facilities and inefficient
transportation according to the US
Federal travel Bureau foreign visitors
must get several vaccines before
entering the country and even then
there's still at risk of contracting
mosquito-borne illnesses including
malaria dengue and yellow fever and if
that isn't enough guinea is still
infamously known as the first country to
be affected by the most recent Ebola
epidemic
although guinea has been Ebola free
since June tourists who returned to the
US may be subject three weeks of
monitoring but far and away the least
visited country is Bangladesh which sees
roughly one foreign tourists for every
1272 residents this is in spite of the
fact that Bangladesh has no shortage of
tourist attractions including countless
archaeological
dynamic landscapes and one of the
longest unbroken sandy beaches in the
world
although these contribute to a thriving
industry for domestic tourism foreigners
rarely visit as the country mostly makes
headlines for natural disasters
political strife and inhumane labor
practices the Bangladeshi government has
attempted to boost foreign tourism by
touting the country's assets in its
beautiful Bangladesh campaign and
establishing a special police force
devoted to the safety of travelers but
the success of these initiatives is yet
to be seen
Bangladesh Guinea and Moldova are the
least visited countries proportionally
that is they see the fewest tourists per
resident there are plenty of countries
namely small isolated islands that see
just a few thousand visitors a year but
as international tourism continues to
grow more popular perhaps the less
glamorous and far-flung destinations
will soon see their day if you're like
me and love history science and
exploration you should check out
Discovery go to binge watch all seasons
current and past of your favourite
Discovery Channel shows I'm no I'm gonna
watch naked and afraid the second I get
home check out the link in the
description below to learn more but
besides countries that have not enough
tourists what about the flip side which
countries are inundated by travellers
find out in this video
travel and tourism are huge industries
which currently are thought to account
for 9% of the global GDP or 7 trillion
dollars in 2015 over a billion tourists
travelled the world up by roughly 50
million compared to earlier years every
region in the world saw about a 5
percent increase in tourism with the big
exception of Africa where tourism
dropped by about 6 percent thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
