in June 2016 the United Kingdom voted to
leave the European Union in a
controversial referendum known as brexit
the decision forced Britain to revisit
many of its diplomatic relationships
particularly with nearby Spain the two
countries share a long tumultuous
history that's culminated in outstanding
tension and unresolved disputes so why
are relations between Spain and the UK
so complicated
well the rivalry spans hundreds of years
before Spain was even a country before
England had absorbed Scotland and
Ireland to become the UK early on the
two butted heads over Portugal's
independence once in the late 14th
century when England helped the
Portuguese army for an invasion from
modern-day Spain and again 200 years
later during the angle of Spanish war
throughout the next two centuries
England and Spain fought against each
other in countless battles in a number
of wars in fact the two countries didn't
officially become allies until 1834
today much of Spain and the UK's lasting
hostility is centered around Gibraltar a
tiny two and a half square mile slice of
land off the southern tip of Spain
Gibraltar also called the ROC is one of
the UK's last colonies it's been under
UK sovereignty since Spain surrendered
the territory in 1713 Spain has long
since lobbied for its return in part
because it's physically attached the
country but also because it symbolizes a
weak point in Spanish history Gibraltar
has twice held referendums and in both
voters overwhelmingly rejected Spanish
rule although most of the territory's
roughly 30,000 residents are of Spanish
or Portuguese descent they are
officially and culturally British
Gibraltar has led to a number of
flare-ups between Spain and the UK in
2013 Spain's Navy arbitrarily patrolled
gibraltars waters
despite Britain's protests tensions
mounted again just months later when
Gibraltar built an artificial concrete
reef in its disputed waters with Spain
obstructing Spanish fishermen Spain
retaliated by tightening border controls
and threatening to find anyone trying to
enter from Gibraltar Spain and the UK
were again forced to revisit their
conflicting claims in June 2016 when the
UK voted to leave the European Union
about 96 percent of Gibraltar voted to
stay in the block as the territory
relies heavily on the EU
trait once the brexit vote came through
Spain used the opportunity to promote
joint UK Spanish sovereignty of
Gibraltar
however the Gibraltar government has
insisted that such a proposal would
never go through and is currently in
negotiations to remain within the EU but
despite this and other minor conflicts
relations between Spain and the UK are
largely positive both are members of
NATO and the OECD and both are
parliamentary monarchies with many of
the same laws however pending the
rollout of brexit and the uncertain
future of Gibraltar we may see their
fragile relationship tested once again
if you're like me and love history
science and exploration you should check
out science go where you can binge watch
all seasons current and past of your
favorite shows right now I'm watching
marathons of how it's made check out the
link in the description below to learn
more
Scotland was another part of the UK that
voted overwhelmingly to remain in the EU
and now to faces an uncertain future so
what does brexit mean for Scotland find
out in this video
1707 the separated Parliament's of
England and Scotland passed the acts of
the Union which followed the Treaty of
the Union in 1706 their merger to create
Great Britain was largely fueled by the
fact that the two states plus Ireland
had already shared a single monarchy for
more than a hundred years thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
you
