for years China has made expansive
claims to the resource-rich South China
Sea despite opposition from much of
Southeast Asia in July 2016 an
international tribunal in The Hague
categorically rejected China's claims
saying there was no historical evidence
for its exclusive control of the waters
China's state news agency called the
ruling null and void as the hague has no
jurisdiction so what exactly is the
hague and how much power does it really
have well the hague is the third largest
city of the Netherlands and is the
country seat of government but the hague
is better known as the judicial capital
of the world as the city is home to
around 160 international organizations
these include the International Court of
Justice the International Criminal Court
and the Carnegie Foundation many
countries also have foreign embassies in
the hague and it's one of the main hosts
of the United Nations along with Geneva
Vienna and New York The Hague has been
important to the Netherlands for more
than 200 years however it didn't become
a global hub until the late 19th century
in 1899 russian tsar nicholas ii called
for an international meeting on peace
and disarmament fearing neighbouring
aggressions 26 countries met in the
hague to draft some of the first
international treaties on war and
created the permanent Court of
Arbitration which was the world's first
panel for settling international
disputes a second convention was held
eight years later under the request of
President Theodore Roosevelt over the
next century a number of other panels
and organizations emerged in the Hague
today the city houses organizations for
ostensibly all international legal
issues including cross-border crime
corruption environmental violations
human rights abuses as well as land and
maritime disputes for instance the
organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons has been coercing
nations to destroy their illegal
chemical weapons for nearly two decades
in 2013 the OPCW was awarded the Nobel
Peace Prize for facilitating the
destruction of Syria's stockpile but
other initiatives have seen less success
for instance the International Criminal
Court has issued two arrest warrants for
sudan's president for his alleged
involvement in war crimes human rights
violations and genocide between 2003 and
2008 however because the ICC depends on
cooperation from the Sudanese government
the president remains at large and in
power
this is perhaps the largest hurdle for
The Hague although it has thus far been
successful in drafting a set of
international norms based on universal
values and at compelling Member States
to sign on to those norms it hasn't
quite figured out how to enforce them as
brutal leaders and aggressive
governments continue to shed light on
the shortcomings of international law
The Hague remains more of a symbol of
peace than justice if you're a fan of
science history and exploration you
should check out discovery go you can
watch your favorite Discovery Channel
shows anytime anywhere download it for
free at your App Store just click on the
link in the description below and if you
want to learn more about the courts
within the hague like the International
Criminal Court watch our video here
according to one ICC prosecutor many
African governments feel that the court
is preoccupied with Africa and fails to
investigate other conflicts elsewhere in
Western nations according to Al Jazeera
Sudan does not accept ICC judgments
against its president al-bashir because
it views itself as a victim of Western
hypocrisy in the gemenese thank you for
watching seeker daily please make sure
to LIKE and subscribe for new videos
every day
