in August 2016 a minibus a foreign
tourist was attacked in Afghanistan
injuring at least seven people terror
attacks are not uncommon in Afghanistan
but the incident nonetheless made
headlines as most of the victims were
tourists in what is ostensibly a war
zone according to its government
Afghanistan sees roughly 20,000 tourists
a year so why do people vacation in
war-torn countries while although wars
affect all aspects of a country's
economy tourism is one of the fastest
and most likely to suffer but war zones
often do still see tourism from more
adventurous travelers ranging from those
who actively seek out military activity
to others who are willing to brave the
risk to see landmark locations
one such surprising location is Iraq to
which the US State Department has warned
against all travel for fear of
kidnapping and terrorist violence and
yet in 2013 reportedly more than 800,000
international tourists visited the
country travelers to Iraq are generally
attracted to the country's ancient
historical sites including the remains
of Babylon the Great Mosque of Samarra
in an ottoman fortress called Tal Afar
particularly popular among tourists is
Iraq II Kurdistan which is a
semi-autonomous region in the Northeast
with a majority Kurdish population Iraqi
Kurdistan is touted by guidebooks as the
best place to travel in Iraq as it
issues free tourist visas for citizens
of most countries and sees considerably
less violence and domestic dissent
however since the Islamic state began
taking over large swaths of Iraq in 2014
tourism has dropped dramatically
another war-torn country with a
surprising amount of tourism is Nigeria
since 2009 Nigeria has been terrorized
by Boko Haram a jihadist group operating
mostly in the rural northeast according
to the Council on Foreign Relations Boko
Haram was responsible for nearly 11,000
civilian deaths in 2015 more than any
terror group in the world
Nigeria has one of the fastest-growing
cities in the world Lagos and is also
home to stunning natural attractions
like waterfalls rainforests and exotic
animals even Syria which in the last few
years has become the most dangerous
place on the planet has some vestige of
tourism historically Syria has been one
of the most popular tourist destinations
in the Middle East as the country is
home to six UNESCO World Heritage Sites
but shortly after the country descended
into civil war commercial flights were
ceased and most hotels either closed or
were repurposed as shelter for civilians
however this has not discouraged some
tourists who have reportedly flocked to
Syria shared border with Turkey and
Israel to observe the turmoil from afar
in late 2015 one Russian tour company
even announced plans to send tourists to
the frontlines trademarking the name
Assad tour there's no doubt that war
discourages many people from travelling
but as seen in countries such as Syria
and Iraq war can itself be the main
attraction despite the violence tourists
will likely continue to venture into the
danger zone but there are some countries
you just cannot visit to find out which
countries are the most difficult to
travel to watch our video here many
nations make it extremely difficult for
Americans to visit them in fact the US
State Department has issued a list of
travel warnings for more than 40
countries thank you for watching seeker
daily please make sure to LIKE and
subscribe to see new videos every day
