on May 9th the 2016 Philippine
presidential election was won by Mayor
Rodrigo Duterte although the formal
results will not be released for a few
weeks his primary opponent conceded the
win but Duterte is not an altogether
popular figure in the United States he
has been directly compared to
presidential candidate Donald Trump for
his inflammatory and often inappropriate
remarks so who exactly is this Donald
Trump of the east well for the last two
decades Rodrigo Duterte has been the
mayor of Davao City in southern
Philippines his time in office has been
marked by an unorthodox style described
as being strong on crime and earning him
the nickname of the Punisher he was
regularly known to ride his
harley-davidson motorcycle to patrol the
city while carrying a 38 caliber handgun
in his waistband while mayor crime rates
felt significantly however his methods
have been widely criticized he has
openly tolerated the killing of alleged
criminals by an unauthorised death squad
that patrols the city and as himself
said that those committing illegal
activity were legitimate targets of
assassination while human rights groups
have condemned his remarks and actions
others agree that the Philippine justice
system is inadequate to deal with
dangerous crime
Duterte has even promised to kill
thousands of criminals if elected saying
I do not want to be President I do not
want to kill people so do not elect me
as president nonetheless
Duterte won the presidency with an
estimated 39 percent of the vote
compared to his two main opponents
roughly 21 and 23 percent and his
popularity is not entirely surprising as
in the United States with Trump many
voters are tired of dynastic elite
establishment candidates the incumbent
president was the son of the 11th
Philippine president and Duterte leading
opponent is the grandson of the fifth
president under the last few presidents
crime has continued to be a major
problem and the US State Department has
even put out a warning against travel to
certain parts of the Philippines like
Trump Duterte is an outsider although
unlike Trump Duterte is from a
lower-class background and relatively
progressive on some social issues he is
openly Pro LGBT rights and while mayor
he passed the first and only women
development code which upholds women's
civil rights and works to end
discrimination the Philippines is
actually one of the most female-friendly
in Southeast Asia ranking 7th worldwide
according to the global gender gap
report still Duterte has been criticized
for his misogynistic comments in 2015
the 71 year old admitted to being a
womanizer and said he couldn't live
without Viagra worse in 2016 he joked
about raping a murdered Australian
female missionary although he later
apologized for his language stating that
it was a bad remark made out of anger
during a visit by Pope Francis to the
eighty-six percent Catholic country
Duterte called the Pope a son of a whore
for which he also apologized and besides
his controversial remarks Duterte has
promised to be a dictator against evil
as president which includes abolishing
Congress if they were to threaten
impeachment and pardoning himself for
mass murder clearly despite his
popularity and socially progressive
stances
Duterte has also admitted his
involvement with murder squads and his
comments about women and others like
Pope Francis have been wholly
inappropriate at the very least Trump
isn't confirmed to have killed people in
the street although he has said that
such an act would not lose him any
voters in both the Philippines and the
u.s. aggressive and upfront rhetoric is
clearly an effective political tool do
today's presidency could have a big
impact on regional disputes like the
South China Sea while the former
president refused to negotiate with
China
Duterte said he will take a conciliatory
stance which may change the nature of
the conflict learn more about tensions
in the South China Sea watch our video
at the top and to learn more about the
political climate that is led to deter
today's election watch this video on the
Philippines power thanks for checking
out seeker daily don't forget to Like
and subscribe for new videos every day
