over the last few years Russia under
President Vladimir Putin has been
accused of aggressively ramping up its
military activity and a number of their
former diplomatic relationships have
been shaken in 2016 the independent
Levada Center polling agency surveyed
Russian citizens on which countries were
publicly perceived as enemies and while
some answers like the United States were
predictable others came as quite a
surprise so which countries are seen as
Russia's biggest enemies well first on
the list is obviously the u.s. nearly
three-quarters of those polled listed
America as an enemy and considering
their long and tumultuous history that's
not unexpected but following half a
century of the Cold War relations
actually warmed considerably after the
fall of the Soviet Union in 1991 with
Boris Yeltsin as the president of the
new Russian Republic from 91 to 99 the
pro-western leader incorporated a number
of u.s. friendly reforms which many say
brought the country out of despondency
but when Vladimir Putin took power in
1999 his territorial aggression and
military buildup has led to a strong
response from the u.s. in particular
Russia's invasion of Crimea in Ukraine
in 2014
effectively destroyed any lasting
goodwill with the US and EU pushing
severe sanctions
moreover Russia's willingness to provide
political asylum for whistleblower
Edward Snowden has been seen as an
affront to the United States which is
already accused him of espionage for
revealing the extent of their spying
program and despite its invasion of
Ukraine Russia still views the country
with significant distrust about half of
Russians polled listed Ukraine as an
enemy stemming from the severe response
to the Crimean annexation and those
tensions have grown since 2015 when only
about 37 percent of Russians viewed the
neighboring country as an enemy part of
this stems from Ukraine ending military
cooperation as well as a ban on military
equipment being sold to Russia
throughout 2015
Ukraine also banned flights between the
two countries and closed its airspace to
any Russian military or civilian
aircrafts it's closer ties to the
European Union in spite of Russia have
painted Ukraine as having betrayed its
Soviet roots but while the US and
Ukraine are not particularly surprising
enemies of Russia one country that's
increasingly been seen as an adversary
is Turkey in just one year Turkey has
jumped from one in 100 Russians viewing
it as an enemy to nearly 1 in 3 like the
u.s. relations between Turkey and Russia
warmed considerably
following the
solution of the Soviet Union and in fact
the two eventually became heavily
dependent on trade with each other
Turkey has actually been one of the most
visited countries by Russian tourists
right up until 2015 when their
relationship collapsed after turkey shot
down a Russian jet near the
turkish-syrian border this polarizing
event was seen as turkey meddling in
Russia's military actions in Syria
although in June 2016 Turkey's president
apologized for the downing of the jet
and called for renewed relations the
diplomatic damage between the two
countries was done and public opinion of
Turkey has collapsed Russia's
involvement in the Syrian civil war and
its recent territorial aggressions imply
that Russia isn't overly concerned with
mending relations with countries they
see as enemies but we've seen this
before during the Cold War when it was
Russia against the West today a similar
ideological split is brewing so are we
on the brink of a new Cold War watch
this video to find out well the original
Cold War was an indirectly
confrontational standoff from 1945 to
1991 it was between the Western bloc
made up of the United States and NATO
against the Eastern Bloc which was the
Soviet Union and satellite States the
split was largely based on ideological
differences pitting the capitalist West
with the communist East thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
