we're here at the Democratic National
Convention in Philadelphia Pennsylvania
and tonight Hillary Clinton will accept
the nomination as the Democratic
presidential candidate a lot of voters
upset with the Democratic pick are
looking to a third party option but in
the last hundred and sixty-three years
the president has been either a Democrat
or a Republican so how did the United
States end up with this exclusive
two-party system well it's important to
note that the US has not always operated
this way during the first official
presidential election there were no
political parties in George Washington
won without even campaigning and in fact
most of the founding fathers were
skeptical of political parties in his
famous farewell address Washington
argued that opposing parties would
mercilessly seek to undermine each other
at the expense of the American people
nevertheless by the time he left office
in 1797 the country had split into two
parties the elitist and business-minded
Federalists and a working-class
Democratic Republican party this
persisted until the mid 1800s by which
time the Federalists had dissolved and
the Democratic Republicans had split
into the modern Democratic Party and the
new Republican Party after a brief
20-year run as the Whig party the new
Republicans evolved into just
Republicans so by 1854 the US had what
we know today as the Democratic and
Republican parties their duopoly has
persisted over the last century and a
half largely because of the country's
unique first-past-the-post voting system
that is each state has a set number of
electorates and whichever candidate gets
the majority of votes even by a fraction
wins all of those electorates there is
no reward for second place and therefore
little incentive to create a party that
will get some votes but not the majority
for example in the 1992 presidential
election independent candidate Ross
Perot
received nearly 20% of the popular vote
and still did not garner a single
electoral vote the United States is one
of just a few countries that have this
first-past-the-post system as a result
most other democracies see
representation from more than just two
parties Japan for example sees
representation from five major parties
as well as a number of minor parties and
in Israel ten parties or party
affiliates are represented in the
national legislature that's because
these countries use proportional
representation to elect officials rather
than a winner-take-all system many have
argued that America
to party system is unjust not only
because it limits voters options at the
polls but because it encourages
politicians to go to great oftentimes
shady lengths to grow their party one
example of this is gerrymandering
because voters will ostensibly vote just
one of two ways
policymakers can easily draw up and
manipulate voting districts to favor
their own party the electoral system
also creates an environment where
parties aim to be as large as possible
even if it means absorbing ideas that
don't necessarily square with their base
as a result voters will identify less
and less with their party over time for
the last two weeks we've been at both
the RNC and the DNC getting a feel for
the future of politics here in the US we
sat down with other YouTube creators to
talk about the changing face of American
voters and how demographic trends may
impact the elections you can watch that
video here this is the most ethnically
and racially diverse voter pool in US
history it's pretty incredible yeah I
mean we've got one in three eligible
voters being Hispanic black Asian or
another racial or ethnic minority and
that's pretty huge that's up almost a
third from 2012 thanks for watching
seeker daily everyone for more videos
make sure you subscribe
