after decades of post-war
demilitarization Germany and Japan have
announced in recent years that they will
finally begin expanding their Armed
Forces Germany pledged to add nearly
7,000 soldiers and almost 150 billion
dollars to its military while Japan
passed a law allowing its military to be
used for non self-defense both countries
have dark wartime histories so why are
they expanding their militaries well
their original demilitarization came in
the aftermath of World War two
Germany and Japan were Axis powers
alongside Italy and when the Allies won
the war all three countries were invaded
and occupied as part of the deal the
Allies forced them to write new
constitutions limiting their future
military might to avoid ever ending up
as aggressors in another world war in
Japan the occupation lasted from 1945 to
1952 and saw the country transform into
a democracy under the Allies article
nine of its new US backed constitution
renounced any right to use war as a
means of solving disputes and that Japan
would never maintain land sea or air
forces however after the Allies withdrew
from their occupation it became
immediately clear that without a
military Japan was defenseless and in
danger of surrounding aggression so in
1954 it established a small self-defense
force and signed the 1960 Treaty of
mutual cooperation and security with the
United States this obligated the u.s. to
maintain military bases in Japan and to
defend it in case of attack however
Japan still could not declare war
possess nuclear weapons or deploy troops
outside the country similarly Germany's
new 1949 Constitution limited its armed
forces to defensive purposes only and
originally the Allies were hesitant to
allow any remilitarization whatsoever
but with the cold war between the US and
Russia dividing the world into including
Germany into East and West by 1955 West
Germany was allowed to establish armed
forces and join the North Atlantic
Treaty Organization within a few decades
the new German military provided the
bulk of NATO's defense of Central
European forces with roughly half a
million available troops at its height
although the end of the Cold War cut its
military in half down to about 250,000
personnel the German military remained a
significant and well-funded NATO
member but in the years since the Cold
War both Japan and Germany have
reconsidered their defensive only forces
new laws passed in Japan in 2015
allowed its military to defend not just
Japan but its allies around the world
this gives the country greater military
reach preparing against any moves by
North Korea and guarding against China's
territorial expansion and although
Germany ended conscription in 2011 and
imposed a Kapo just 185 thousand troops
the new expansion reverses its
demilitarization as a response to
terrorism and the migrant crisis Germany
is involved in a large number of ongoing
conflicts including engaging the Islamic
state in Syria and Iraq and monitoring
Eastern Europe for Russian territorial
aggression for more than 70 years Japan
and Germany have embraced pacifism but
as the relationship between the two
countries and the US has grown closer
and more militarized Germany and Japan
have both taken larger roles in policing
the world as the two countries continue
to grow and take on more responsibility
they also grow in influence and power
watch this video up top to learn just
how powerful Germany is or check out the
one below to find out more about Japan's
power thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
new videos every day
you
