in 2015 20% more Americans renounced
their citizenship than had done the year
before more than 4200 individuals have
thrown out their US passport and while
many did so to avoid paying taxes in the
u.s. others who hope to gain nationality
elsewhere may have been forced to dump
their American citizenship that's
because a large number of countries
actually don't allow their citizens to
hold dual citizenship so what are some
of those countries well to clarify a
country cannot actually prevent you from
holding citizenship elsewhere
citizenship is basically a contract
between you and a country's government
that allocates specific rights duties
and benefits to both sides another
government can't just cancel that
contract but what they can do is keep
you from gaining citizenship within
their own country or strip you of it if
you try to gain citizenship elsewhere
technically a person can have as many
citizenship as they can legally maneuver
someone can be born in one country to
parents from another country marry
someone in a third country establish
residency in a fourth country while
buying citizenship in a fifth thereby
potentially holding five citizenships at
once but some countries are not
comfortable with their citizens pledging
allegiance to a foreign government among
advanced economies
the most notable states which
significantly limit dual citizenship for
foreign nationals are Austria Germany
Japan the Netherlands Norway Singapore
and Spain note however that this list is
incomplete and countries regularly
change their nationality policies in
Japan a person can technically hold dual
citizenship until the age of 22 after
which point they must choose to drop
their other nationality or they're
automatically disqualified from holding
Japanese citizenship Norway on the other
hand allows more leeway and if you're
born to Norwegian parents but in a
different country that guarantees
citizenship by birth you don't actually
have to abandon it you're also allowed
dual citizenship if releasing from your
other nationality is quote unreasonably
burdensome but in general they don't
allow it
other countries only prohibit dual
citizenship to certain other countries
Pakistan for example only allows dual
citizenship with 18 countries
additionally more than a dozen mostly
Middle Eastern countries refuse
admission at all to those holding
Israeli passports making dual
citizenship impossible but while some of
these countries will strip you of your
citizenship and others won't even allow
you into the country
most nations banning dual citizenship
are more apt to turn a blind eye to your
second nationality
for example Russia doesn't actually
prohibit dual citizenships but it also
doesn't recognize them if you have a
Russian passport you are solely a
Russian citizen and you can't legally
use your other country's passport within
Russian borders moreover if you do have
dual citizenship you are not legally
allowed to conceal the fact dual
citizenship is a complicated topic and
isn't as simple as just allowing it or
not some sources list the total number
of countries that don't allow dual
citizenship at more than 60 which would
comprise roughly 1 in 3 countries but
for the most part having multiple
citizenships usually means that those
countries can collect taxes and for
Americans that includes foreign income
as well so without any particular
political religious or ideological
reason for denying dual citizenship it's
usually in both parties best interests
to allow it one way you can lose your
citizenship in some countries is by
trying to gain dual citizenship but what
are some other ways you can be stripped
of your nationality find out by watching
this video for naturalized citizens in
the u.s. it may be revoked for illegally
obtaining citizenship by not fulfilling
the necessary requirements and by
concealing or misrepresenting a fact
that would have originally prevented
citizenship this is called
denaturalization thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
