in June 2016 former Wall Street banker
and Finance Minister Pedro Pablo
Kaczynski defeated leftist party leader
Keiko Fujimori in Peru's presidential
election Kozinski's win which was
secured by a razor-thin lead of roughly
40,000 votes marked the country's slow
but steady shift towards neoliberalism
Peru has one of the fastest growing
economies in Latin America putting it in
stark contrast with its neighbours
Venezuela and Brazil so exactly how
powerful is Peru
well Peru is the third largest
latin-american country at nearly half a
million square miles it's slightly
smaller than the US state of Alaska
Peru's population of just over 30
million has more than doubled in the
last 40 years and is increasingly
concentrated in urban areas these city
dwellers benefit the most from Peru's
economic prosperity Peru's GDP of more
than 200 billion dollars has quadrupled
since 1999 due mainly to demand for its
largest exports which are copper gold
and petroleum gas the country's growth
has also been attributed to its
expansion of free trade over the last
decade Peru has negotiated trade deals
with 18 countries and the EU and in
recent years Peru has signed the
trans-pacific partnership as well as a
trade pact with Chile Colombia and
Mexico called the Pacific alliance
Peru's increasingly pro-business
government has been credited for the
country's increasing wealth and
plummeting poverty rate however much of
Peru's large rural and indigenous
population still suffer from endemic
poverty and the state's been criticized
for promoting policies that solidify the
country's income inequality what's more
Peru's rapid growth has slowed in recent
years due to a global slump in commodity
prices nonetheless
the country has avoided the steep
recession affecting its resource rich
neighbours Venezuela and Brazil when it
comes to military power Peru is only
getting stronger with nearly 400,000
defence personnel and a more than two
and a half billion dollar annual budget
the country ranks 40th worldwide in
terms of military strength Peru
abolished the draft in 1988 only to
reinstate it in 2013 the country's
economic prosperity led to better
opportunities for its citizens which had
caused a decline in military recruits
additionally though it's a completely
for an organization peruse roughly
120,000 person police force is often
compared to the army this is because for
decades Peruvian police have been
trained to combat terrorism and have
acquired a number of army like
characteristics and capabilities so
militarily and economically Peru is on
solid ground but the country is not
without problems Peru is one of the
world's largest producers of cocaine and
struggles with rampant crime and
corruption like most of Latin America
Peru is grappling with plunging
commodity prices and as a result an
economic slowdown but its new president
has promised to address many of these
issues even floating a plan to
incorporate the informal economy into
the taxation system should he succeed we
could soon see an incredibly powerful
Peru Peru's neighbor Brazil is a
dominating force in Latin America but
how does it compare to the rest of the
world find out in this video
Brazil also operates large-scale
military operations to protect the
Amazon rainforest which includes jungle
defense forces on the ground and an
extensive surveillance network to ensure
its security thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for new videos every day
