by 2025 the World Bank estimates that
humans will produce nearly 5 trillion
pounds of trash every year in urban
areas alone
that's roughly 136th of the entire
biomass of the earth and an unbelievable
portion of it will likely end up in
landfills floating in a giant garbage
patch in the ocean or just littering the
streets but in the past few decades
countries and NGOs around the world have
set out to prevent this bleak trashy
future by essentially inventing a new
economic principle to eliminate trash
altogether so could we really create a
zero waste future well in an earlier
video we touched on Sweden buying
neighboring countries trash some nations
like Norway find it cheaper to ship
their refuse to Sweden instead of paying
a landfill tax back home in turn Sweden
uses that trash in special factories
that turn it into electricity thereby
reusing it for their energy needs so
that's one way to make or save money
using the more than four hundred billion
dollar global waste market but that
mostly just covers burning or destroying
trash to use for energy and in most
cases of trash shipping it still is
dumped in a landfill one study in the
United States showed that three-quarters
of trash is recyclable and that's money
that's literally being thrown away the
real financial opportunity is in a form
of recycling called a circular economy
this economic principle came about in a
1990 paper by British environmental
economists who realized that the current
economy provides no real incentive to
recycle and nearly all products are
built to eventually be thrown away a
circular economy doesn't just encourage
environmental conservation it's a
forward thinking plan to engineer and
design products to produce the least
amount of trash possible for example
modern smartphones are very expensive
and full of rare minerals high-tech
electronics and fairly durable parts but
most phones are simply thrown away when
instead a circular economy would provide
a market where those phones are easily
disassembled working parts are swapped
out and instead of manufacturing
brand-new units new phone models could
incorporate old phones in the
manufacturing process
the viability of the system can already
be seen in China where entire towns
based their economies on sorting through
electronic waste to save reusable parts
in 2015 the European Union adopted a new
circular economy package designed to
encourage the system by funding
implementation efforts as well as
setting up regulations on waste that
incentivize recycling programs
the idea is to close the loop from the
end of a product's life cycle to the
creation of a new product in doing so
the EU hopes to maximize the amount of
energy that's extractable from raw
materials and contribute to their
sustainability goals by 2020 with an
initial investment of five and a half
billion euros for waste management alone
the project is a huge step towards a
trash free Europe but it isn't just
government's working to shore up their
wastes over the last 10 years
commodities have effectively tripled in
cost pushing companies to look into
implementing circular economies within
their own production lines as a
financial measure the French motor
vehicle company Renault is one of the
leading proponents of a circular economy
with some cars made to be 90% recyclable
and with most cars of being made from
30% recycled parts Renault estimates
that a circular economy just in European
manufacturing alone could be worth as
much as six hundred and thirty billion
dollars as trash continues to flood
every corner of the world it's only a
matter of time before it starts
affecting our day-to-day lives with some
countries like China and India already
feeling the ill effects a circular
economy provides not only the financial
incentive to recycle but also tackles
one of the most important environmental
issues of the modern era the Japanese
town of kamikatsu
is a model of reducing waste as a
compost Sri uses or recycles up to 80%
of its trash learn more about this town
that's leading the way towards a zero
waste world in this video in this small
Japanese town residents take the concept
of recycling very seriously
Harumi concertina
bodega fit the water in our camper they
separate their trash into a whopping 34
categories
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
