South Africa's economy has been ranked
as one of the world's most miserable
with soaring public debt and a quarter
of the workforce unemployed to combat
this President Jacob Zuma has promised
austerity measures yet Zuma himself has
spent more than twenty million dollars
of state funds for upgrades to his home
which includes a pool a chicken coop and
an amphitheater and in May 2016 it was
revealed that the state had spent
roughly five hundred and fifty thousand
dollars on cars for Zuma's for wives so
we wanted to know just how corrupt is
South Africa well South Africa actually
has a strict legal framework that's
tough on corruption with bribery
extortion fraud and money laundering all
considered criminal offences however
these laws often go unenforced and
corruption is widely considered a plague
on the South African economy this
corruption generally comes in two forms
one is called tender preneur ship which
is when a public official or other
well-connected individual uses their
high status to profit from inflated
contracts which are also called tenders
the practice is so prevalent that some
economists say it's partially to blame
for South Africa stifled development and
tarnished image as an attractive
destination for foreign investment in
one of the most infamous cases of tender
preneur ship Zuma and his former
financial advisor received kickbacks
from a multibillion-dollar arms deal in
2005 the advisor was found guilty of
fraud and corruption and Zuma himself
faced more than 700 charges linked to
the scandal but in 2009 shortly before
Zuma was elected president all charges
against him were dropped
corruption again was the subject of
public outcry in June 2016 when violent
protests broke out in the city of to
Swan a South Africa's ruling party had
chosen an allegedly corrupt senior
official rather than a local person for
the mayoral candidate corruption is also
rampant in the private sector much of it
comes from abusing the broad-based black
economic empowerment Act or B EE which
was created in the early 2000s as a
direct response to nearly half a century
of apartheid policies which favoured
white owned businesses the law aims to
redistribute assets and wealth among the
country's minority population they
require
bring businesses to hire a set
proportion of black employees in order
to secure licenses and government
contracts the law in this case states
that black is an umbrella term for
historically disadvantaged people and
can include other minorities corruption
takes the form of fronting which occurs
when a mostly white owned business myths
represents itself as racially diverse in
order to benefit from BAE but South
Africa is arguably best known for Zuma's
questionable practices many of them have
been tied to the infamous indian-born
Gupta brothers who have personal and
professional ties with Zuma the brothers
allegedly wield their power to appoint
individuals to positions in Parliament
that directly benefit their own business
ventures however this like most other
instances of high-level corruption has
been difficult to prove and despite
calls for Zuma to step down in an
attempt from the country's opposition
party to impeach him he's projected to
serve the remainder of a second term
until 2019 until South Africa elects a
more just leader and further enforces
their existing anti-corruption framework
this shady behavior will likely continue
South Africa's corrupt government is
part of the reason why the country was
named as having one of the world's most
miserable economies find out what other
countries made the 2016 misery index by
watching this video well the label is
based on the two factors that affect
daily life the most inflation and
unemployment
according to Bloomberg's report South
Africa is among the worst this may come
as a surprise as its economy is Africa's
most industrial and second-largest
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
