in light of the June 2016 brexit
referendum other disillusioned countries
besides the United Kingdom have
threatened to follow suit on leaving the
European Union there's already been talk
of a Danish Deng's --it and the prime
minister of the Czech Republic has word
of their own checks in' so why do so
many countries want to leave the EU and
could Briggs that spark a domino effect
across Europe well opposition to the
European Union or your skepticism has
existed since the founding of the
organisation in 1993 many euro skeptics
believe that the EU has become too
bureaucratic and its member states too
integrated to function efficiently these
values are particularly championed by
right-wing groups which have gained
popularity in recent years as a result
so has euro scepticism in fact in a 2016
Pew poll of European citizens nearly
half of respondents had an unfavorable
view of the 28-member bloc the next
country to follow the UK's example would
likely be Denmark as the two are often
referred to as the euro skeptic pair in
fact a May 2016 poll suggested that 42%
of Danes want to hold a referendum up
from 37% just four months earlier
anti-eu sentiments have coincided with
the growing popularity of the far-right
Danish People's Party who have argued
the EU regulations have contributed to
weak economic growth in the country and
that the EU has not done enough to
control the ongoing migrant crisis for
many of the same reasons the Netherlands
has also expressed interest in a similar
referendum the country was one of the
founding members of the EU and of the
Schengen open border treaty
ironically it was also among the first
to be openly Euroskeptic many right-wing
politicians especially in the rapidly
rising party for freedom have said the
EU membership is a plight on Dutch
taxpayers as the organisation must pick
up the slack from failing EU economies
like Spain and Greece one particularly
outspoken critic is far-right politician
gear builders also known as the Donald
Trump of the Netherlands builders called
the EU a totalitarian monster and in
2016 he celebrated when the Netherlands
was the only member state to opt out of
an EU proposal that would strengthen
ties with Ukraine and these are just a
few among many countries that are
considering a referendum politicians in
Greece France Sweden and others have all
threaten their own brexit but experts
say it's unlikely these countries will
actually secede and will instead use the
Euroskeptic sentiment to decentralize
control from the EU and renegotiate
their respective memberships the brexit
and other secession threats are at the
very least signs that the EU is
struggling to maintain cohesion and that
the future is uncertain but what sparked
this brexit to begin with why exactly
does the UK want to leave the EU find
out by watching this video some
conservative groups feel like Europe is
manipulating the British government and
that policymakers have lost control over
trade human rights and migration EU law
is supreme over you Kayla meaning that
lawmakers in the British House of
Commons are technically beholden to
those in the European Parliament in
Brussels thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for new videos every day
