in June 2016 a gunman killed at least 49
people in an Orlando Florida nightclub
while pledging allegiance to the Islamic
state
soon after Isis claimed responsibility
calling the attacker one of the soldiers
of the Caliphate in America but within
days it was reported that the attacker
had seemingly no direct connections to
Isis so how can I sis claimed
responsibility for an attack it didn't
plan what exactly does it mean for an
attack to be Isis inspired well before
the rise of Isis extremist groups like
al-qaeda were the source of much foreign
terrorism from the 1970s to the 2000s al
Qaeda was and still is fairly organized
with fighters allegedly training in
Pakistan or Yemen and Ayman al-zawahiri
now the leader of the group reportedly
keeps a tight rein on the group's
terrorist operations and does not allow
unapproved attacks to be associated with
the al-qaeda name and in fact some
attacks by Isis do follow similar
guidelines the November 2015 attacks in
Paris were thought to have been
organized by Isis itself based on their
complexity and coordination more than a
dozen people were arrested in the
aftermath across six countries on
suspicions of assisting the attackers
but not all attacks by self-proclaimed
followers are actually organized or even
known about by Isis in the 2015 San
Bernardino mass shooting the
perpetrators pledged allegiance to Isis
however according to the FBI there was
no direct communication between them and
the Islamic state these kinds of attacks
inspired by but not directed by Isis are
considered lone wolf attacks and
according to experts are a key part of
the Islamic states plan through online
propaganda and press releases the group
has encouraged these lone wolves by
telling followers not to ask for
permission and to kill infidels using
any weapons available including rocks
knives and cars in fact according to the
New York Times Isis has stated that the
only requirement necessary to carry out
acts of terror in its name
is to pledge allegiance to the group
this combination of coordinated and
so-called freelance terrorism is
intended to create unpredictability and
a lack of control in fact some say that
the constant Western media attention
given to Isis is itself a form of
propaganda as referencing Isis gives the
act more visibility in context lone wolf
attacks also don't cost the larger
organization any money or resources but
contribute to the group's branding and
influence others to do the same the
orlando gunmen is believed to have been
a lone wolf attacker and Isis inspired
rather than sent by Isis itself many
similar attackers harbor long-term
resentments and groups like Isis are
able to tap into those psychological
issues
occasionally sparking a lone wolf attack
for the terror group this designation is
only helpful and as terrorist methods
evolve the rest of the world will be
forced to adapt the orlando gunmen had
actually been investigated for ties to
terrorism but he was still legally able
to buy several weapons used in the
attack so how are suspected terrorists
able to buy guns find out more in this
video on its face the answer is simple
in the United States almost anyone can
buy a gun in some cases without a
waiting period or even a background
check the Second Amendment to the US
Constitution states the right of the
people to keep and bear arms shall not
be infringed thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for new videos every day
you
