anger spread around the world after a
California Superior Court judge
sentenced a convicted rapist to just six
months in jail the aggressor was a white
college athlete and many believe the
judge was especially lenient in his
ruling a change.org petition to remove
the judge has seen more than half a
million signatures within days of its
creation so just how hard is it to
remove a judge from office and can
public pressure end up costing this
California judge his job well from a
federal top-down level judges are
supposed to serve for life or at least
as long as they're able to perform their
duties the US Constitution itself makes
it very very difficult to remove a
federal judge the good behavior Clause
states judges both of the Supreme and
inferior courts shall hold their offices
during good behavior this is done
specifically to separate the branches of
government and to prevent a judge from
being influenced in a case by fearing
for their job depending on their ruling
but what if their behavior isn't good
and is instead malicious or what if a
tenured for life judge gets too old to
make cognizant decisions in that case
it's possible to impeach a judge the
same way one would impeach a president
the House of Representatives adopts a
resolution of impeachment thereby
officially accusing the judge of a crime
or misbehavior then the Senate votes
with a two-thirds majority to convict
and remove the judge since 1804 only 15
judges have been impeached most recently
in 2010 for accepting bribes and lying
under oath but oftentimes judges are
given the option of resigning
instead of being impeached which is
exactly what former president Richard
Nixon chose after the Watergate scandal
and impeachment isn't the only
difficulty when dealing with a problem
judge the Constitution specifically
prohibits Congress from even lowering a
federal judges salary in one interesting
case from the late 1980s a judge was
convicted of perjury and put in prison
but because he had not been officially
impeached he was technically still a
federal judge he even collected a salary
from jail until his actual impeachment
and removal from office but the
California judge in question is not a
federal judge so are they similarly
protected by the Constitution well kind
of just like in federal law lower court
judges can be in
by the state assembly and then convicted
in the state Senate but because state
judges are elected while federal judges
are appointed state judges are subject
to recall elections this is one of
population votes to remove an elected
official before the end of their term
and usually starts by way of a petition
these recalls can also apply to City
Council members mayors state legislators
district attorneys and even governor's
but only 19 states plus Washington DC
provide for recalls and less than half
of them allowed judges to be recalled
California being one of them one last
option exists for California and that's
the Commission on judicial performance
this is a group established by the
California Constitution allowing for a
panel of judges to investigate judicial
misconduct and enforce discipline which
can include removal from the bench but
despite those options it's actually
incredibly rare for an elected official
to be removed from their position
nearly all instead opted to quietly
resign or retire with so much public
pressure over the lenient rape ruling
it's more likely the California judge in
question will simply step down to keep
the peace when the judge is impeached it
doesn't often make the news but when a
president is impeached that's a whole
nother ballgame check out this video to
learn more about the process of
presidential impeachment and when it's
actually happened in US history the
first president to face impeachment was
Andrew Johnson in 1868 Johnson had taken
over the presidency after Lincoln was
assassinated Congress passed the tenure
of office Act which prevented the
president from removing a member of his
cabinet without Senate approval thanks
for watching seeker daily don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
