in April 2016 Singapore's Prime Minister
embarked on a historic trip to Israel
marking the first time a Singaporean
leader has visited the country in nearly
half a century on the surface Singapore
and Israel have little in common
Singapore is a majority Buddhist country
in Southeast Asia while Israel is a
majority Jewish country in the Middle
East and yet the two share a very
special diplomatic and military
relationship the details of which have
until recently been a mystery so what is
the history of the relationship and why
do Israel and Singapore love each other
well friendly relations between Israel
and Singapore stemmed back to the late
1960s at the time Singapore had declared
independence from Malaysia and was in
the midst of creating a new military
that could coexist with the country's
powerful neighbours Israel was also a
fairly new country surrounded by
powerful adversaries seeing their
similarities Singapore's first Prime
Minister Lee Kuan Yew asked Israel to
design and construct its military the
two countries establish formal relations
in 1969 but Singapore insisted that the
military arrangement remained a secret
for fear that it would anger Malaysia
and other Muslim neighbors in fact the
deal didn't become public until 2000
when you disclose the details in his
autobiography today Israel and
Singapore's military alliance remains
the lifeblood of their relationship as
much of Singapore's army directly
mirrors the Israeli Defense Force both
have disproportionately powerful
militaries further sighs and the two
armies shared identical systems for
training conscription and reserve duty
Singapore is also one of the largest
buyers of Israeli arms and military
technology that said it's no surprise
that Israel and Singapore have secured
1st and 2nd place on the global
militarization index every year since
2007 this list ranks countries according
to how much of their population GDP and
resources are allocated to Defence but
military has died Israel and Singapore
share a number of striking similarities
both countries arose out of tensions
over race and religion which persists
today and both standout at small
non-muslim countries in predominantly
Muslim regions economically Israel in
Singapore both have highly developed
free market systems
and are known for innovations in
technology both lack and abundance of
Natural Resources leaving their
economies heavily reliant on trade even
their GDP s are comparable with both
just over three hundred billion dollars
what's more Israel in Singapore openly
admire each other during his inaugural
visit Singapore's Prime Minister
applauded Israel's technical prowess and
ecosystem including the country's
advances in cyber security meanwhile
business leaders in Israel have lauded
Singapore for leveraging Internet
technology to advance their economy so
with long-standing diplomatic relations
and undeniable similarities it seems
that Singapore and Israel's unlikely
friendship is here to stay have you seen
the all new seeker calm yet the site is
home to all of seeker Daily's episodes
plus articles photos and more great
video about science the world and
exploration click the link in the
description below and tell us in the
comments what news or stories you'd like
to see more up
