in 2018 space X will launch a new GPS
satellite for the US Air Force GPS has
been vital in navigation for decades but
who actually owns the Global Positioning
System well officially GPS was created
launched and maintained by the United
States specifically by the Air Force
Space Command the idea originally came
after Russia launched the first-ever
satellite Sputnik American scientists
realized that they were able to
calculate the position by interpreting
the signals sent down from the satellite
around the start of the Cold War the US
was secretly working on a way to
increase the accuracy of its nuclear
warheads as a deterrent to the Soviet
Union by the 1980s the positioning
system was conceptually operational but
limited to military use however in 1983
a Korean Airlines flight was shot down
by the Russian military after
accidentally entering prohibited
airspace the event galvanized both sides
the Cold War and in an effort to avoid
similar accidents from jeopardizing
peace President Ronald Reagan announced
the existence of the global positioning
system and promised to make it available
for civilians when it was fully up and
running about a decade later in 1994 the
first 24 satellites necessary for
accurate coverage were launched at the
total expense of about 10 to 12 billion
dollars plus hundreds of million dollars
a year in maintenance
despite Reagan's promise to make the
system available to the public
civilians were limited to a weaker and
intentionally degraded signal called
selective availability until May 2000
this secondary signal assured the US
military in advantage in case an enemy
were to use their own GPS against them
with the development of new technologies
this advantage soon became irrelevant
and President Bill Clinton removed the
restriction for civilians
today GPS is maintained by the US
Department of Defense and includes
members from the Department of Homeland
Security the Joint Chiefs of Staff and
NASA in fact the DoD is required by law
to maintain continuous worldwide
standard positioning service 'as due to
its use in transportation public safety
economy science timing and especially
safety
like navigation in the air and water GPS
is operating cost is roughly estimated
at seven hundred and fifty million
dollars a year but despite its ubiquity
the u.s. isn't the only country to run a
global positioning system both India and
Russia have also developed Global
Positioning Systems Russia's GLONASS
system was developed around the same
time as GPS however it did not manage to
reach the same level of global coverage
until roughly a decade after the u.s.
system it's primarily used by the
Russian military and some civilians and
today actually provides a more accurate
reading of about 2 to 3 meters compared
to GPS at best three and a half meters
the Indian regional navigation satellite
system was only finished in 2016 and is
not yet fully operational and
additionally only covers India and the
surrounding regions making it not nearly
as useful as GLONASS or GPS China Japan
and the European Union are also
developing similar systems but are much
farther behind
GPS is integral to navigation systems
for both military and civilian purposes
in fact every country in the world can
use GPS free of charge but ultimately
it's owned and operated exclusively by
the United States we can't do episodes
like this without help from our sponsors
like domain.com join millions of others
online with your comm or.net domain name
be recognized with the world's premier
web addresses and our friends at
domain.com are giving fans 20% off
domain names and web hosting when you
use coupon code seeker at checkout
pretty much everyone who owns a
smartphone has access to GPS but how
exactly does it track your location find
out by watching this video from dnews
the US Naval Observatory in Washington
DC is the official United States time
they mark time by measuring billions of
a second using 9,192,631,770 electron
vibrations of a cesium 133 atom don't
forget that thanks watching seeker daily
make sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every day
