hey everybody welcome to the all new
seeker daily central asia is one of the
most diverse regions in the world after
centuries of power struggles nomadic
exploration cultural trade and
independence today a majority of Central
Asia is comprised of five countries
Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Tajikistan
Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan collectively
known as the stands so how did the
stands come about and how powerful are
they today while Central Asia has been
considered the birth of international
relations between the eastern and
western worlds since the early 200s BCE
the region was home to the infamous Silk
Road a trade route connecting China
India Europe and the Horn of Africa
Central Asia is also known to have been
populated by nomads and later powerful
war clans of nomads most notably the
fearsome Mongols led by Genghis Khan by
the early 7th century lower Central Asia
had been settled by the Persian Empire
which today we know as Iran this is
where the modern-day name of stands
comes from in Persian the word stand
means land of so Kazakhstan actually
means the land of Kazakhs an ethnic
group which predates the independent
country around the time of the Persian
Empire Islam took hold in Central Asia
and the Middle East during a period
known as the Golden Age of Islam over
the next few centuries power bounced
back and forth between competing ethnic
groups and caliphates ultimately by the
19th century Central Asia ended up in
the center of a massive rivalry between
the Russian and British Empire's called
the great game between 1813 and 1907
Russia slowly expanded its control south
annexing major portions of Central Asia
including the five stands but the
British who controlled the Indian
subcontinent to the south were
vehemently against the potential threat
posed by the ever growing Russian Empire
eventually the two empires worked out
their conflict and when Russia underwent
a revolution in 1917 and became the
Soviet Union it took much of central
asia with it with the collapse of the
soviet union roughly seventy years later
the region now established as the five
stay
gained independence so where are they
today well their combined population is
roughly 66 million however nearly half
live in Uzbekistan which is the only one
to border all four other stands each
country has a majority population of the
ethnic group the country is named after
despite holding significant geo military
importance as a neighbor of the greater
Middle East including Afghanistan and
Pakistan the central asian stands are
not very militarily powerful combined
they only have about 675 thousand active
troops of which 500,000 come from
Kazakhstan alone while military
cooperation with the United States led
to bases in Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan in
2005 by 2014 pressure from Russia and
regional unrest convinced both countries
to evict the US presence the stands have
a long and complicated history but their
importance in the development of world's
history culture and modern geopolitics
cannot be understated geographically
Kazakhstan is the largest of the stands
but is relatively small in population
for a deeper dive into Kazakhstan's
power check out our video at the top and
watch our video at the bottom to find
out which of the stands is home to one
of the most radioactive places in the
world thanks for watching seeker daily
make sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every day
