in late April 2016
hundreds of protesters broke into a
rocks parliamentary building located in
the infamous Green Zone the protesters
were opposing what they saw as rampant
corruption and tyranny by the us-backed
Iraqi government although within a day
the protesters agreed to leave
peacefully the Green Zone has been a
historically and politically vital area
both before and since the 2003 us-led
invasion of Iraq so what exactly is the
Green Zone and why is it so
controversial
well the Green Zone more officially
called the international zone of Baghdad
is a roughly 4 square mile protected
governmental region in Iraq's capital
it's distinguished from the red zone
which comprises the rest of Baghdad and
implies a heightened sense of danger
when compared to the heavily fortified
Green Zone originally the green zone was
the governmental center for Saddam
Hussein's Baath Party built around the
enormous and opulent Republican palace
although the dictator Saddam Hussein did
not live in it he did use it to
entertain foreign guests when the United
States began its invasion of Iraq they
implemented a massive bombing campaign
known as shock and awe but the military
intentionally spared most of the
Republican Palace assuming it contained
important documents and potentially
weapons once the invasion was over the
coalition of the United States and
allied countries established an interim
government headquartered in one of the
few places left unbond the Republican
palace due to the unpopular and
aggressive nature of the invading
Western forces the palace and
surrounding area were heavily fortified
against attack thus creating a
relatively safe space within war time
Baghdad most incoming military
contractors and newly established
embassies came to the Green Zone and
although the entire region was handed
over to Iraqi security in 2009 it
continued to be the headquarters for the
president prime minister Parliament
judiciary and the largest US Embassy in
the world by late 2015
the Green Zone was finally open to the
public leading to the most recent
protests against the Iraqi government
but despite being technically open it's
still heavily restricted and visitors
need security clearance and documents to
even get inside many Iraqis consider it
unreasonable
that the new government is so well
protected and living in luxury while the
rest of Baghdad and Iraq are inherently
unprotected impoverished and suffering
from external threats like Isis this
disconnect has been especially evident
in light of the Prime Minister's
promises to rollback the politicized
government and replace key members with
independently qualified technocratic
little has actually been done due to
parliamentary opposition the protests
have been fueled by the Shiite cleric
leader of the second largest bloc in
Parliament but rather than revolution or
uprising the cleric has instead urged
his followers to pressure the Prime
Minister into keeping his promises and
narrowing the gap between the safe
government in the Green Zone and the
danger faced by citizens in the red zone
as sectarian violence religious
extremism and plummeting economies
plagued Iraq and Syria some are
predicting the two countries may not
survive the coming years find out if
they have a chance by watching this
video up top you can also learn about
the massive cost associated with the war
on terror and where all this money is
coming from by watching the video below
thanks watching test-tube news don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
