in early 2016 the militant group Abu
Sayyaf carried out a string of attacks
in the southern Philippines over the
course of two months the group killed 18
Filipino soldiers abducted more than a
dozen foreigners and brutally murdered a
Canadian tourist the group has
terrorized the Philippines for decades
and in 2014 pledged allegiance to the
Islamic state so what is Abu Sayyaf and
what do they want
well Abu Sayyaf formed in 1991 as an
alliance of Muslim minority separatists
seeking to form a sovereign state in the
southern part of the country at the time
one of the largest separatist groups was
the Moro National Liberation Front or
MNLF one of its members Abdul Raja Abu
Bakar Jan Jelani allegedly fought
alongside Osama bin Laden in the 1980s
when the Soviet Union invaded
Afghanistan
John Jelani returned to the Philippines
after the war advocating for a more
radical interpretation of Islam than the
MNLF afforded one in which movies
dancing and even laughing was frowned
upon with this in mind John Jelani
created Abu Sayyaf with a goal of
spreading his interpretation of Islam
through armed struggle and creating an
independent Islamic state in the
Philippines Abu Sayyaf which loosely
translates to father of the sword
quickly gained momentum as many of the
group's attacks were reportedly funded
through John Gilani's connections to al
Qaeda
today Abu Sayyaf has an estimated 300
fighters they've carried out dozens of
attacks in the Philippines mostly
targeting Christian Filipinos as well as
Western tourists and missionaries one
infamous example was the Superferry 14
attack in 2004 Abu Sayyaf bombed a
crowded ferry near Manila killing more
than 100 people it's believed that the
ferry company was targeted because they
had denied the group a 1 million dollar
ransom the previous year Abu Sayyaf
relies on criminal acts like extortion
and drug trafficking for most of their
funding as their handouts from al Qaeda
ran dry following the September 11th
attacks today Abu Sayyaf is considered a
terrorist group by most Western world
power
however the group's reputation has moved
further and further away from Islam and
the Moro separatist movement leaving at
schools somewhat unclear some experts
link this to the death of John Jelani in
1998 and the subsequent takeover by his
brother who reportedly skewed the
group's focus from Islamic extremism
towards broad organized crime a former
leader of the MNLF the separatist
movement Abu Sayyaf grew out of alleged
that the groups of violence actually
goes against Islamic tenets and unlike
the MNLF Abu Sayyaf is not recognized by
the global Organization of Islamic
Cooperation the group is also denounced
by many Sunni Muslims in the Philippines
but despite Abu Sayyaf's pledge of
allegiance to Isis there's no evidence
showing a financial or strategic
partnership between the two
organizations
some experts conclude that the Alliance
was a publicity stunt at an
international recruiting tool Abu Sayyaf
has struggled to expand their force
beyond the Philippines and today the
group is largely understood as a local
criminal gang rather than an
international threat Abu Sayyaf isn't
the only terrorist group that has
pledged its allegiance to Isis watch our
video at the top to learn why Boko Haram
is teaming up with the Islamic state
extremist groups have become notorious
for carrying out harsh punishments under
Sharia law to learn more about Sharia
law and its different interpretations
check out the video on the bottom
thank you for watching test-tube news
please make sure to LIKE and subscribe
for new videos every day
