the space race between the US and Russia
helped advance technology around the
world but not every development comes
from conflict science competitions where
money incentivizes innovation are a
great way to fuel technological
advancement science fairs and
exhibitions began to gain interest
around the 1950s rapid advancements in
the world of spaceflight and the
popularity of consumer electronics like
TVs changed the way the average student
looked at science but incentive based
competitions where winners usually
accomplished new forms of engineering or
tech development are a relatively old
phenomenon originally these competitions
were more about harnessing widespread
brainpower in order to solve a seemingly
unsolvable problem one of the earliest
examples was the longitude prize in the
early 1700s the British government
actually passed a series of laws called
the longitude acts offering large cash
rewards for anyone who could determine a
method for calculating the geographical
coordinate this led to a huge number of
respondents and significantly improved
methods of determining longitude which
made ocean travel considerably more
accurate and easier today many such
competitions are administered by the
XPrize foundation and they often have a
lot to do with improving spaceflight one
of the most famous competitions was the
Ansari X PRIZE which offered ten million
dollars to build a reusable spacecraft
it took roughly eight years for someone
to actually win although XPrize had to
pay out 10 million dollars it was
reported that more than 100 million
dollars had been invested in pursuit of
the challenge as of 2016 the most
expensive running competition is the
Google Lunar XPrize the goal for
participants is to launch a rover onto
the moon drive half a kilometre and send
back video and images if a team is
successfully able to accomplish this by
the end of 2017 it would win 20 million
dollars two groups have already secured
the ability to launch their creations
and 14 other groups are still working on
it
but even though the main goal has not
been met prizes have already been
dispersed for new hardware and software
allowing soft landings on the moon as
well as new technologies to drive a
rover and collect media on the surface
as a result of incentivized competitions
discoveries such as sealing food for
storage and
human powered aircraft have developed
our understanding of the world not only
do these competitions ultimately work to
create new and original scientific
methods but they also lead to
considerably more interest and
investment for the topic being explored
even if nobody wins challenge it can
still help feel technological
advancement as science technology and
outer space become more and more
relevant many countries around the world
have tried to join the modern space race
learn which countries have been the most
successful by watching this video up top
you can also find out who exactly pays
for scientific research by watching our
other video on dnews thanks for watching
test-tube news don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
