Republican presidential candidate Donald
Trump has an unprecedented lead in the
race for the 2016 nomination Trump's
consistent victories in the primaries
have left him far ahead of his
contenders Ted Cruz and John Kasich with
the reality of Trump getting the
Republican nomination Republicans may
turn to a last resort a brokered
convention
so what is a brokered convention and
could it keep Donald Trump out of the
presidential race
well if Trump continues to dominate the
primaries he will likely reach enough
delegates to automatically win the
Republican nomination the magic number
this number changes slightly from
election to election but this year it's
twelve hundred and thirty seven
representing half of the total delegates
plus one mit romney reached the 2012
elections magic number in May and
analysts predict so will Trump but if
Trump's numbers can be staved off by the
remaining two other candidates and
nobody gets to the magic number then the
Republican National Committee holds what
is called a brokered convention in this
extremely rare event all delegates votes
are cleared and a new round of voting
among representatives and the political
elite determines the final nominee not
Republican voters in the 1800's brokered
conventions were a fairly common way of
choosing nominees but states began to
hold primaries and caucuses in the mid
20th century and the process proved to
be a more effective and democratic way
of producing a clear winner in recent
history the US has only seen two
brokered conventions the last four
Republicans was in 1948 the candidate
who gets the most votes at a brokered
convention ultimately wins the
nomination regardless of their number of
Delegates going in that means that even
if Trump gets more delegates in the
primaries he may still lose the
nomination and while Trump is confident
he'll easily win the delegate count John
Kasich is not so sure in a CBS interview
Kasich said that he intends to stay in
the race and split the vote preventing
any candidate from reaching the magic
number according to Kasich out of the
ten contested Republican conventions the
leading candidate only got the
nomination three times but according to
a political analyst there has only been
one Republican contested convention
since modern primary rules were adopted
and the front-runner won the nomination
and with the GOP actively
engaged against a trump presidency a
brokered convention would almost
certainly mean the end of his campaign
but it's still too early to conclude
that Trump has clinched to the
nomination or that the elite will block
him in a brokered convention however the
race plays out there's no denying that
Trump's early and unrivaled success has
shocked both Americans and the Grand Old
Party well before its 2016 convention
the Republican Party has been trying to
stop Donald Trump from winning the
nomination to learn more on their
methods for doing that check out our
video at the top Trump's rise has also
been sending shock waves beyond American
borders check out what the world thinks
of the businessman in our video down
here at the bottom thanks for watching
everyone don't forget to Like and
subscribe so you get new videos from us
every day
