following the release of the latest
James Bond film UK job searches for the
mi6 spy agency reportedly rose by more
than 230 percent so what exactly does
mi6 do and for that matter what about
mi5
well British mi or military intelligence
services were founded in the early 20th
century at the time there were ten
branches and by World War two there were
more than a dozen but not every mi
section actually provided intelligence
instead they were responsible for making
sure wartime logistics were in place
such as supplying military maps or
helping troops evade the enemy when the
war ended most of these branches from mi
1 to MI 19 were dissolved or absorbed by
the remaining intelligence services mi5
and mi6 so what are mi5 and mi6 is
responsibilities today both services
function to collect information or
intelligence in order to support
relevant agencies like law enforcement
and the military the big difference is
that mi5 or the Security Service
monitors and operates domestically while
mi6 or the Secret Intelligence Service
provides foreign intelligence a direct
comparison to the United States would
see the Federal Bureau of Investigations
representing mi5 and the Central
Intelligence Agency as mi6 another way
to say it is that mi6 spies on other
countries while mi5 tries to catch other
countries spying on them for example as
the domestic intelligence agency mi5
began collecting telephone
communications data in bulk following
the 2001 September 11th attacks not
unlike the NSA in the United States this
mass surveillance was only admitted to
in 2015 more than a decade after
collection began and due to the legal
framework behind it there was little
oversight or regulation however the
Foreign Intelligence Service mi6 has
been a national secret since its
inception in 1909 it actually took until
1994 for the British government to
officially acknowledge the existence of
the organization even today almost no
information about it is released it's
not publicly known exactly how many
people work for mi6 how big its budget
is or who
even works for it besides the
acknowledgment of their chief Alex
younger the mi6 motto is even semper
occultus Latin for always secret it's
almost ironic that the more secret of
the two mi6
gets considerably more press and
attention but both mi5 and mi6 work to
protect the United Kingdom by keeping an
eye on both internal and foreign affairs
we'd like to take a second to thank our
sponsor for this episode if you're an
entrepreneur innovator or building a
small business domain.com is the place
to go when that next great idea hits you
join millions of others online with your
com or.net domain name be recognized
with the world's premier web addresses
and our friends at domain.com are giving
fans 20% off domain names and web
hosting when you use the coupon code
tube at checkout decades ago the KGB
used to be the Soviet security and
Foreign Intelligence Agency but unlike
mi5 and mi6 it was well known and highly
feared watch this video to find out why
the organisation performed a combination
of duties including intelligence
gathering border security and propaganda
enforcement however most controversially
it operated as Russia's secret police
and domestic surveillance unit thanks
for watching test-tube news don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
