on February 1st 2016 voters in Iowa will
hold a caucus to begin the nomination
process to determine which Republican
and Democratic candidates will run for
president Iowa is designated as the
first state to hold its nomination
process and is considered one of the
most important states in the
presidential race so what is it about
Iowa that makes it such a big deal just
how powerful is Iowa well as a matter of
fact Iowa is pretty middle-of-the-road
and most metrics it is a 26 largest
state at about 56,000 square miles and
with a little over 3 million residents
it ranks about 30th in terms of
population for a long period starting in
the mid-1800s Iowa's economy was
predominantly focused on agriculture and
still has significant roots in the
industry however by the late 1900s Iowa
had transitioned into a mostly
manufacturing economy with a current GDP
of 168 billion dollars like its
population its economy ranks 30th
countrywide so why does such a seemingly
average state garner so much attention
it's all about the caucus
since 1972 Iowa has held its nomination
process first at the time caucuses were
not seen as important and Iowa had
simply set their caucus earlier to
account for scheduling since then the
code of Iowa says that their caucus must
occur eight days earlier than any other
states guaranteeing it will be first
but while the delegates selected by the
caucus only account for about 1% of the
total country's delegates being first is
a huge deal it is such a big deal that
states have repeatedly attempted to hold
their selection process earlier and
earlier this led to a new rule after the
2004 election preventing certain
influential states from starting earlier
than February 5th lest they lose half
their delegates as punishment so what's
important about such a small number of
Delegates well simply the first real
election result in Iowa put an official
count on what has been up to that point
competing polling figures a win in Iowa
will be used to predict further results
and give any winning candidate
significant media coverage and momentum
however many contend that Iowa's
caucuses aren't actually as important as
they seem for starters Iowa's
demographics are not representative of
either the voting population or the
country's total population Iowa is
roughly 92% white compared to 77 percent
nationwide and 72 percent among voters
the same discrepancies exist for other
demographics too and are actually
misleading in regards to the general
election
considerably more white voters voted for
Mitt Romney in 2012 but Barack Obama
ended up winning and while Iowa did
predict the nomination of Obama in both
2008 and 2012 they widely missed the
mark for both election years on the
Republican side neither John McCain nor
Romney ended up getting the most Iowa
delegates so just how powerful is Iowa
well it's hard to say in terms of pure
economy or geography
Iowa's not more powerful than most other
US states however politically they hold
some serious if not potentially undue
power whether the 2016 election cycle
will be significantly influenced by Iowa
is still relatively unclear but that
hasn't stopped campaigns from sinking
tens of millions of dollars into the
state in hopes of a big win as the race
for the White House tracks on certain
candidates are standing out as
frontrunners while others are falling
behind to learn more about all the
candidates check out our playlist at the
top and if you've wondered what makes
someone eligible for US presidency watch
our video at the bottom thanks for
watching test-tube news make sure to
LIKE and subscribe for new videos every
day
