Democrats and Republicans disagree about
plenty but one of their biggest points
of contention surrounds the issue of gun
control recent mass shootings have
reignited the debate among presidential
candidates so we wanted to know what did
the Democratic candidates believe about
gun control well unlike the Republican
primaries there are only three serious
candidates on the Democratic side they
are Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders and
Martin O'Malley all three have voted for
and actively supported putting limits on
gun ownership
however despite some strong similarities
each has a distinct position Bernie
Sanders has long supported gun rights
and was even himself supported by the
NRA in 1990 he has voted to let guns
check their firearms on M track trains
and voted against a bill mandating a
five-day waiting period he also once
voted to provide immunity against
lawsuits for gun manufacturers although
he has since reversed his position there
additionally both Sanders and Clinton
have previously questioned federally
mandated gun laws and registration
saying that those types of decisions are
better left for the states to decide
Sanders his home state of Vermont is
known for having a lot of guns and
relatively lacks gun control laws
meanwhile Clinton's gun views have
aligned more towards the left over the
past few years but even farther to the
left is martin O'Malley who has made gun
reform a cornerstone of his campaign as
governor of Maryland O'Malley passed a
ban on assault weapons made it mandatory
to notify law enforcement in case a gun
was lost or stolen and implemented
strong background checks and safety
training for gun buyers
although the candidate has little chance
of surpassing either Sanders or Clinton
in the polls
his message adds to the debate and
forces his opponents to respond to gun
issues many of Clinton's ideas on gun
control are more so based in common
firearm etiquette than distinct policy
decisions things like storing guns and
their ammunition in separate places or
keeping children from accessing
dangerous firearms
she has also touted the development of a
smart gun which would only operate if
held by the owner during the 2008
elections Clinton actually shifted her
political position towards a more
conservative view on gun control and
even reversed herself on establishing
national gun registry in fact all three
candidates have pushed to make it much
harder for just anyone to buy a gun
Sanders has said that there is a
categorical difference between guns used
for hunting and self-defense and that
different weapons can be appropriate in
cities in the country
Hillary is stricter but less consistent
with her gun reform message and comes
from a viewpoint of protecting children
and victims of gun violence over the
rights of gun owners finally O'Malley is
staunchly in favor of more information
sharing and background checks in the
hopes of cutting gun violence in half by
2025 while the candidates have similar
views they are certainly all coming from
different places unsurprisingly the
United States Republican candidates have
different ideas about gun control as
well learn about them in this video here
well across the board each candidate has
expressed overwhelming support for the
Second Amendment specifically there is
an open distrust of the government and
congressional Democrats in crafting any
new gun legislation thanks for watching
test-tube news everyone don't forget to
Like and subscribe so you get all of our
new videos every day
