in 2012 the United Nations launched its
effort to fight energy poverty worldwide
marking the International Year of
sustainable energy for all energy
poverty is considered a lack of energy
infrastructure and resources roughly one
in seven people around the world lack
access to electricity almost exclusively
in developing countries although things
are improving many have said that too
little change is happening too slowly so
we wanted to know which countries don't
have electricity
well it's estimated that anywhere from
1.1 billion to 1.3 billion people live
without electric power to make up for a
lack of deliverable energy nearly 3
billion people around the world use coal
or wood fuel for heat and cooking
contributing to deadly pollution this
pollution is thought to be responsible
for more than 4 million deaths every
year
the overwhelming concentration of energy
poverty is found in sub-saharan Africa
and rural India over the past few years
India has dramatically improved its
power infrastructure and in 2014 it was
the third largest electricity producer
in the world yet roughly 300 to 400
million people without electricity live
in rural Indian States and even for
those who do have power the energy grid
is notoriously unreliable in 2012 a
nationwide blackout affected more than
600 million people
although the Indian government has
launched efforts to provide 24-hour
power to the entire country some have
accused politicians of only directing
energy to politically important
districts while India has made some
progress sub-saharan Africa is still
struggling altogether Africa has about
twice as many people without power as
India roughly 600 million the country
with the least access to electricity in
the world is South Sudan which also has
one of the lowest education and literacy
rates as well
the World Bank noted that in 2012 only 5
percent of the country's 11 million
person population had electro
city in fact across all of sub-saharan
Africa only about a quarter of people
have access to electric energy what's
worse is that the lack of electricity
means that power is considerably more
expensive with electricity costing three
times as much as it might in the rest of
the developing world additionally on
average African manufacturers suffer
nearly two months worth of power outages
a year severely disrupting economic
progress in the past two decades as
energy dependence has become
increasingly important Africa has only
received about 600 million dollars
annually in energy assistance from
foreign countries the UN sustainable
energy goals are focused on providing
universal access to power and clean fuel
doubling the amount of renewable energy
and doubling the rate of energy
efficiency efforts like President Barack
Obama's power Africa initiative are
focused on bringing forward advisors and
financial help to figure out how best to
invest in Africa's energy infrastructure
still despite these efforts the World
Bank has said that there needs to be
considerably more sustained investment
to even consider meeting those goals to
see my recent report from Tanzania and
the different ways in which the people
there are hacking the energy crisis
check out this video it's getting dark
out and this facility has no power
raycho is about to see a client who
could give birth at any moment so raycho
basically has to do whatever she can
just to make it work and to learn more
about energy poverty visit 1 org slash
energy thanks for watching test-tube
news be sure to subscribe for new videos
every day
