hey everyone today we're taking a deep
look into the tunnels built along the
Gaza Strip to smuggle goods into and out
of Gaza and to do that we've teamed up
with the folks over at seeker stories
and here's what we found
so the Egyptian military recently
announced that it's building a number of
fish farms right on the border with Gaza
that seems like a weird thing for Egypt
to be doing and an even weirder place to
be doing it and weirder still Egypt sees
the fish farms as part of their
counterterrorism strategy as you might
have guessed there's a lot more going on
here
the site of the future fisheries is Rafa
a town that sits half an Egypt and half
in the Gaza Strip the border cuts right
down the middle
that border became a very big deal in
2007 when the organization Hamas took
control of Gaza Hamas is military arm
was a big security concern for both
Egypt and Israel and both countries
basically closed their borders with Gaza
this has meant a severe blockade of the
Gaza Strip the flow of goods in and out
is extremely limited for Gaza n--'s the
blockade has inspired some creativity
namely a network of secret tunnels
between the gaza and egyptian sides of
Rafah the tunnels have been used to
smuggle in all manner of goods from fuel
construction materials and tools to dry
foods cigarettes and livestock it's been
a big industry for years with some
estimates placing the number of tunnels
in the thousands depending on who you
ask the tunnels are either a godsend or
a curse Israel has called them arteries
of terror out of fear that they're
helping weapons get to Hamas Hamas on
the other hand happily collects taxes on
anything passing through the tunnels and
has admitted to getting weapons that way
too
and then there's Egypt the Egyptian
military has long feared that the
tunnels could allow terrorists to sneak
across the border and it's done a lot to
shudder them in 2009 they built an
underground wall almost 60 feet deep
beneath the crossing Smuggler's breached
it within a year in 2013 they pumped raw
sewage into the tunnels Smuggler's
presumably plugged their noses and then
this past August the military began
construction of the fish farms which
sounds ridiculous except that it
involved pumping untold gallons of
seawater into the border area which
utterly swamped the tunnel system
according to one anonymous tunnel
builder the result was devastating they
have destroyed everything in 20 days
during the 50-day war the Israeli
rockets couldn't do such a thing and ten
days after the war we were able to get
this business back but now we are unable
to get our businesses back all the
tunnels have collapsed the ruination of
the tunnel system is great news for the
Egyptian military bad news for Hamas but
maybe the worst news of all for the Gaza
people legal or otherwise the tunnels
were an employer in Rafah and an
important release valve for the
pressures of the blockade all of that
may be gone now which is really just the
latest in a series of hardships for the
residents of Rafah most of them are
refugees and their families displaced
from Israel as long ago as 1948 many
were separated from family and friends
when the border split the town in two
and they've seen homes and buildings
demolished by Israel in an attempt to
route out the tunnels now those tunnels
are gone and they're left wondering just
what is going on across that border in
Egypt we respect our neighbors we love
the Egyptians because we are connected
and we are relatives but our neighbors
are making our lives harder they have
caused us a lot of damage
hey again if you liked that
investigation seeker stories has a lot
more deep dives into some things that
you might like
they've got stories about the USSR's 40
year program conducting secret nuclear
tests along with an inside look at a
violent riot at the Hungarian border so
click on any of those boxes to watch now
or subscribe to the seeker stories
channel to make sure you get all of
their new videos as well thanks for
watching we'll see you next time
you
