since its foundation some 240 years ago
the United States has been directly
involved in least a dozen very expensive
major military conflicts low-end
estimates place the u.s. is total
expense in those Wars at more than five
trillion dollars without even including
the past decades war on terror with so
much cash being spent on the US military
we wanted to know would have been the
USA's most expensive Wars well
officially the most expensive war in US
history was world war two with a price
tag of about four trillion dollars in
today's figures at the peak of the war
in 1945 the US was allocating more than
35 percent of their entire GDP towards
the war effort comparatively today
America only spends three and a half
percent of its GDP on defense World War
chews massive death toll is perhaps the
clearest representation of where all
that money went from 1939 to 1945 about
70 million people were killed primarily
non-combatants as a direct result of
fighting around the world unsurprisingly
World War two accounts for a majority of
the US military spending other
historically formative conflicts have
cost barely a fraction of its four
trillion dollar price tag the foundation
of the country itself the American
Revolution only ended up costing about
2.4 billion in 2011 dollars
similarly the civil war which ended
slavery after more than 600,000 wartime
deaths only cost eighty billion and
that's accounting for both sides
the US has other incredibly expensive
war was the one that it actually lost
the Vietnam War the two decade-long war
was America's longest running from about
1954 to 1973 although actual start and
end dates are disputed it ran up a bill
of what would today be more than 700
billion dollars but its length wasn't
the only reason it was so expensive
since 1946 before the war began the US
had been funding and supplying Frances
military actions against
colonization movements in Indochina but
the u.s. is most expensive war in
history wasn't an actual war although it
lasted for decades the Cold War never
saw direct fighting between the United
States and the USSR what it did see was
immense nuclear research and stockpiling
with the u.s. is estimated cost hovering
around five point five trillion dollars
it's important to note that none of
these estimates include ballooning costs
like veteran benefits or interest
payments on money borrowed to fight the
war cost like these can add hundreds of
billions to any 20th century conflict
clearly America hemorrhages money when
fighting a war and the decade-long war
on terror is no different in fact it
actually might be the second most
expensive war in US history coming in at
more than 1.5 trillion dollars and
Counting to find out how the money for
the war on terror was actually used and
how much more we're probably going to
spend check out this video it has also
been one of the longest in US history
and produced more than 1.2 million
casualties back in 2003 the wars were
originally budgeted to cost about 68
billion dollars but as troop levels and
involvement rose by 2014 the US had
spent as much as 1.6 trillion dollars
thanks for tuning in to test-tube news
make sure to LIKE and subscribe to watch
new videos
