November 9th 2015 marks 26 years since
the fall of the Berlin Wall it
represented not only a physical barrier
for the people of Germany but an
ideological divide that split the world
in two now what many people don't know
about the Berlin Wall is that it didn't
run along the border between East and
West Germany actually it only
encapsulated West Berlin which was
located deep in the heart of East
Germany so what we wanted to know why
was the Berlin wall built in the first
place and how did West Berlin end up as
a political island well to put some of
this in perspective it's important to
note the state of Germany just after
World War Two the Germans lost the war
ceding the former Nazi power to the
victorious Allies the u.s. the UK France
and the USSR carved up Germany now the
easternmost portion running along what
was called the Odin ISA line was
allocated to Poland to make up for land
lost during the war the rest of the
country was split into four zones Soviet
Union took over the zone to the east the
u.s. the UK and France occupied their
own zones in the western half of the
country and this just left Berlin now
technically Berlin was in the Soviet
Union's territory but since Berlin was
the capital of Germany as well as the
former home of the Nazi regime held
significant historical and political
value so to keep things fair Berlin was
carved up into four zones mirroring the
rest of Germany now this arrangement
worked briefly but soon the USSR began
planning to take over the rest of Berlin
then Germany and then Europe at the time
the USSR was making a big push to expand
socialism throughout its territories
including East Germany so to accomplish
this the Soviet Union started
restricting access to West Berlin
creating one of the first flash points
of the Cold War known as the Berlin
Blockade and things only got worse from
there the USSR began restricting
emigration from there half of Germany
they built a massive wall known as the
inner German border running down the
middle of the country with barbed wire
alarms mines and thousands of East
German soldiers now by many accounts
life in socialist East Germany was
pretty
particularly compared to the democratic
and prospering West Germany thousands of
East Germans defected using a direct
subway line between West Berlin and West
Germany to bypass that closed border to
put an end to this the Soviets erected
the Berlin Wall in 1961 and it ran
nearly a hundred miles long it
completely surrounded West Berlin which
may seem counterintuitive because you'd
think they'd create a border to protect
their own territory but actually this
wall is to keep their citizens from
defecting to the West the wall would
stay in place for nearly three decades
and even though this wall was much
smaller and less elaborate than the
inner German border the Berlin Wall came
to symbolize the conflict between
socialist and democratic nations in 1989
the Berlin Wall came down marking an end
to the USSR strongholds on East Germany
now if you want to learn about what
actually brought down the Berlin wall
check out this video by seeker daily up
at the top and to see more of me check
out my video down below including this
one about how robots and avatars can be
used to treat depression thanks for
watching test-tube news subscribe below
to stay in the loop and watch new videos
