a recent UN report revealed that a large
portion of North Korea's overall income
is brought in through outsourced slave
labor primarily focused in China and
Russia tens of thousands of North
Koreans are forced to work as much as 20
hours a day
while up to 2.3 billion dollars a year
in wages are collected by their
government but slavery isn't the only
criminal activity from which North Korea
sees profit so we wanted to know how
exactly does North Korea make money well
North Korea's economy has always seen
abysmal growth according to UN
statistics both North and South Korea
started out with a similar GDP in 1970
around $300 per capita by 2013 South
Korea's GDP had grown by nearly 9,000
percent meanwhile North Korea's GDP only
doubled over those four decades but most
financial figures surrounding their
economy are unknown as North Korea has
one of the most closed economic systems
in the world this is the result of a
cultural philosophy known as Joo che or
self reliance the enclosed system is one
of the ways that North Korea is able to
farm out its citizens in what is
effectively slavery while some workers
do see payment from their government it
is in the form of nearly worthless local
currency the one at a massively inflated
exchange rate in North Korea's black
markets a single US dollar can buy more
than eight thousand Hwan while the
government offers an exchange of just
105 won but besides collecting for slave
labor North Korea also trades in other
internationally prohibited activities
one North Korean defector reported that
the country has allocated major
agricultural zones for growing opium
they have also become well known for
producing mass quantities of
methamphetamines the majority of which
go to China
a 2008 congressional report found that
the increasing drug trade over North
Korean borders was strongly linked to
government sources however later
congressional reports disputed this link
pointing to private North Korean drug
traffickers as the source instead North
Korea is also a hotbed of counterfeiting
the US has accused their government of
producing at least 45 million dollars in
very high-quality $100 bills which are
known as
super notes this counterfeiting
operation is thought to net up to 25
million dollars a year in profit but
perhaps the biggest benefactor of North
Korea's economy is actually China while
North Korea has almost no money they
have considerable natural resources
North Korea imported nearly twice as
much as they exported with China but
this trade imbalance is actually
beneficial to China because it comes
with mining contracts for North Korean
coal and zinc China is also one of the
only countries to support North Korea
with food weapons and energy in the face
of international sanctions North Korea's
dishonest economic dealings may explain
how they've avoided collapse while
sanctioned around the world as long as
they continue an alliance with China and
Russia to keep their limited trade
afloat North Korea will keep exporting
drugs counterfeit bills and slave labor
North Korea's outsourcing of slave labor
is particularly disconcerting check out
this secret daily video up top to learn
more about why they started this
practice or if you wanted to know how
their secretive government actually
works check out our video down below
thanks for watching don't forget to Like
and subscribe so you get new videos
every day
