in April 2016 the release of information
about an eleven and a half million
document leaked known as the Panama
papers shook the world these documents
detail how a law firm based in Panama
mossack fonseca established shell
corporations on behalf of some of the
most powerful people in the world those
companies were used to avoid taxation
circumvent sanctions and launder money
so how do they do that what exactly is a
shell company well as it turns out these
companies are not actually illegal a
shell company is simply an organization
that doesn't produce anything or employ
anyone and exists solely on paper most
of the time shell companies don't even
have an office or phone number and often
the owner of the company is kept hidden
or made anonymous their purpose is to
serve as a front for another business or
individual which can then be used for
legal or illegal purposes legal uses can
include creating a shell company to
serve as the basis for a start-up which
doesn't have any assets or business yet
but still has to exist as a legal entity
alternately shell companies can be used
to mask business deals on behalf of
companies that may not want to be seen
doing business together in public this
is legal although arguably dishonest but
shell companies are much more renowned
for operating illegally one such use is
for money laundry since shell companies
do not trace back to their owners those
who knew their money laundered can wire
it into accounts held by their shell
company this money is then claimed as
business income often in countries like
Panama with low or non-existent tax
rates this launder money ends up back in
the owners pocket without it being taxed
or anyone knowing where it came from or
where it went and even legally obtained
funds can be funneled through a shell
corporation to avoid taxes the way this
works is that companies invest a portion
of their profit into offshore shell
companies thus claiming it as an
investment and not profit since only
profitable income is taxed corporations
are able to keep their money overseas
tax-free it is estimated that more than
two trillion dollars of profit is kept
in offshore accounts like these these
secretive accounts can also be used to
spend money illegally especially to
avoid international sanctions the Panama
papers have thus far revealed that the
Syrian government was able to use shell
companies to bypass sanctions and
purchase fuel for military purposes in
the Syrian civil war
so while shell companies are not
necessarily illegal what many do with
them is illegal within just a few days
of the Panama papers release the
Icelandic Prime Minister was forced to
step down after evidence of his
impropriety surfaced it is doubtless
that other world leaders who tried to
use shell companies to hide their
actions will soon face a similar fate
so what exactly is in the Panama papers
find out by watching a quick recap of
what we know so far and who has been
involved by watching this video in
August of 2015 an anonymous source
provided German newspaper suddeutsche as
I hung with 2.6 terabytes worth of
documents the biggest data leak in
history in order to research and report
on the information the newspaper reached
out to the international consortium of
investigative journalists and roughly
400 journalists at more than a hundred
media organizations thanks for watching
test-tube news don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
