online group Anonymous has threatened to
release a list of influential public
figures with ties to the Ku Klux Klan
the release of the list coincides with
Guy Fawkes Day his face has been used to
symbolically represent the group in a
form of a stylized mask
not unlike Guy Fawkes himself Anonymous
has been called dangerous disruptive and
infamous so what exactly do we know
about anonymous and just how powerful
are they well Anonymous is an
interesting phenomenon while many media
outlets refer to them as a concentrated
group they can be more accurately
described as a loose movement anybody
can join and there is no central
singular representation of the group
there are certain themes more common to
anonymous members such as internet
activism and obviously anonymity but
there is no way to ascribe broad
qualities to the group and even know how
many members there are the problem with
quantifying Anonymous is that there is
no criteria for being a member what we
do know is that Anonymous began in the
early 2000s on the image and messaging
board 4chan and naturally represented
the Internet's inherent ability to
promote anonymous discussion within this
framework popular ideas gained more
traction regardless of their origin and
without the negative consequences
associated with being identified the
group became increasingly provocative
and chaotic touting anti-establishment
values and a disruption of the status
quo they first gained attention in 2008
for organizing an online attack on
Scientology although the attack
consisted of mostly juvenile pranks like
faxing black paper to the organization
or making prank calls the sheer number
of contributors was overwhelming the
ability to collectively overpower a
common target led to their most
consistent tool DDoS attacks in a
nutshell DDoS or distributed denial of
service is when a website receives more
requests than it can handle causing it
to crash through this method Anonymous
has been able to take down websites
belonging to any groups they
agree with but of course taking down a
website is relatively inconsequential so
is anonymous really all that powerful
well as the group has evolved at his
attracted members with an ability to do
more than simply annoy or disrupt the
spin-off organization known as lowsec
has been implicated in hacking and
releasing personal information leading
to considerably more real-world effects
email accounts and passwords belonging
to people connected to Sony Pictures and
the US Senate were made public even the
CIA's website was briefly shut down this
resulted in the arrests of several
leading members of LulzSec however those
tactics alongside existing internet
activism have led to global events like
the Arab Spring which was only possible
through coordinated an anonymous
planning amongst a huge number of
like-minded people it might be
misleading to ask how powerful is
anonymous when what anonymous really
represents is the changing nature of
collective action vigilante justice and
communication fostered by the Internet
one of anonymous is most powerful
symbols is the peculiar mask the
remembers we're known as the guy Fox max
to learn more about the real-life man
who inspired it check out seeker Daily's
video at the top some might argue that
Anonymous is tactics are borderline
online trolling is that protected speech
find out in our video down below thanks
for watching test-tube news don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
