as tensions rise between the United
States and Russia mutual suspicion has
reached a long-dormant high in October
the u.s. accused Russia of significantly
increased activity along communication
cables on the ocean floor wiretapping or
cutting the cables altogether could have
far-reaching and disastrous consequences
so we wanted to know just how much
damage could Russia do by cutting
undersea cables first off chances are
high you're watching this video thanks
to undersea cables especially if you
live outside of the United States
undersea cables deliver up to 99% of
international communications the other
1% is served by satellites but they are
considerably slower across the ocean
floor there are reportedly 278 cables
and service connecting every continent
on earth besides Antarctica today these
cables transmit phone calls Internet
data and other forms of digital traffic
at a rate of up to 80 terabytes per
second the longest cable connects
Western Europe to Australia and East
Asia and is nearly 25,000 miles long but
these cables haven't always been the
fiber optic powerhouses they are today
the first submarine cables were laid in
the 1850s and used to transmit telegrams
over the past century and a half those
lines have been repeatedly upgraded and
repaired to connect the world and
provide the basis for a more global
community the problem is that because
these cables are thousands of miles long
and run across the ocean floor it's
almost impossible to keep an eye on them
which is why the u.s. is so concerned
about Russia's activities of course
cutting an important cable would be
difficult to deal with but not
unsolvable cables are regularly damaged
accidentally by passing ships broken by
earthquakes and even torn open by sharks
in 2007 more than 50 repairs were made
in the Atlantic Ocean alone still during
the Cold War Russia was repeatedly
accused of intentionally breaking
communications cables this would have
been in violation of the convention for
protection of submarine Telegraph cables
this 1884 treaty made it illegal to
damage undersea cables and even provided
a way for ships which inadvertently
snagged a cable to seek compensation for
a lost anchor or fishing net but what
the US may fear more than Russia cutting
a
Abell is Russia wiretapping it this fear
is so great because the US already did
exactly that's Russia in the early 1970s
the project codenamed Operation Ivy
bells saw the National Security Agency
successfully place a listening device on
a Russian undersea cable it stayed in
place for nearly a decade monitoring
sensitive communication undersea cables
are integral to modern-day
communications in 2008 damaged cables
cut off Internet access for 75 million
people in the Middle East of course due
to the larger number of cables most of
the time data can be rerouted and
outages are generally short-lived but
the relative vulnerability of the
world's international communications
network is a pretty unsettling state of
affairs but to learn how we got these
cables laid on the ocean floor in the
first place
check out my episode overrun seeker
daily be out done a wealthy American
entrepreneur set out to lay the first
transatlantic cable he enlisted the help
of British vessels and together the
Americans and the Brits succeeded in
transmitting the first message that
connected the old world to the new in
1858 thanks for checking out test-tube
news make sure to LIKE and subscribe
down below
