a 2015 report by a Youth Employment
Coalition revealed that one in three
people between the ages of 15 and 29 are
currently unemployed and not in school
in total that amounts to about 600
million youths worldwide and that number
is only expected to grow with a severe
recession limited opportunity and fewer
jobs we wanted to know how bad is this
unemployment crisis and why can't you
people find work while unemployment is a
global issue that affects people of all
ages the situation is considerably worse
for young people over the next decade
young people will have more difficulty
finding a job than any other age group
or any previous generation of youths the
International Labour Organization
reports that youth unemployment is
around 13% nearly three times that of
their older counterparts according to
the report it will take the creation of
5 million new jobs every month just to
keep youth unemployment rates where they
are today in the next 10 years less than
half of 1 billion job seekers are
expected to actually find work clearly
the situation is terrible
not only for young people but the world
economy as a whole so how did it get
this bad well the most glaring reason
was the 2008 global recession although
unemployment rates have begun to
stabilize for adults young employees who
are more likely to hold temporary
part-time and non specialized jobs have
found it difficult to keep up
additionally the recession forced many
older workers to postpone their
retirement and many overqualified adults
to take on jobs which are usually given
to college or high school grads the
severe strain on the job market has left
most young people with fewer options
even jobs which don't require much skill
have become overwhelmingly competitive
some have attributed the shrinking youth
workforce to higher rates of education
however in some countries like the
United States this has led to an
oversaturation of degrees and made it
even harder to find work in other
countries a lack of education is exactly
what prevents most teens and young
adults from entering the job market the
ILO reported that nearly a third of
people in low-income countries have no
applicable education whatsoever while
upper middle income countries only see
about 2 percent of their population
uneducated youth unemployment around the
world has huge consequences for the
global economy young employees subsidize
social services through taxation but
often don't use them until they're older
the lack of a young workforce means that
there will be fewer experienced
employees in the future which can lead
to economic stagnation youth
unemployment also removes valuable
consumers from the market and slows the
economy through inactivity some
countries have already seen this cycle
destroy their way of life like in Greece
which phased 58 percent youth
unemployment in 2013 although many
solutions have been proposed ranging
from post capitalist automation to
reinvestment of wealth there is no
question that having a young unemployed
generation is bad for everybody some
might argue that the extent of the
global job crisis shows capitalism has
lost its value are we nearing the end of
capitalism find out in our video well in
recent years there has definitely been a
shift towards creating bigger and better
sharing economies to replace outdated
commercial enterprise major industries
like transportation and accomodation
have been dramatically overtaken by
companies like uber and airbnb thanks
for tuning in folks make sure to LIKE
and subscribe for new videos every day
you
