in October 2015 US President Barack
Obama said that America would not turn
Syria into a proxy war with Russia
however many have said that this has
already happened as the u.s. previously
aid in Syrian rebels against the Russian
supported Assad regime proxy wars
between the US and Russia have been an
active part of their long and turbulent
history so why do the US and Russia
fight so many proxy wars the US and
Russia have been at odds since the early
20th century the newly formed USSR
espoused a left-leaning communist
ideology while the u.s. flourished under
capitalist policy this East versus West
dichotomy led to both countries trying
to sway vulnerable nations to their side
after World War Two on several occasions
the u.s. attempted this by instituting
pro US government's while the USSR
pushed for communist revolutions not
unlike their own their first proxy war
is considered the Chinese Civil War in
1945 the Soviet supported the communist
government that would eventually
overtake mainland China meanwhile the US
only recognized the original Republic of
China during and for a time after the
war in rapid succession further
conflicts like the 1946 first Indochina
war saw the us quickly bolster an effort
to oppose communist revolutions in
Southeast Asia in many cases these were
predominantly supported financed and
armed by the Soviet Union the result was
that guerrilla groups and struggling
governments which had been fighting with
outdated equipment were suddenly backed
by modern weaponry as both the US and
the Soviet Union worked to overpower the
opposing side the US has efforts to
prevent the further spread of communism
around the world was called containment
however communist revolutions in Cuba
and Laos during the 1950s showed that
the USSR was powerful enough to affect
ideological change from across the globe
one of the most important and dirty
proxy wars occurred during the 1980s and
90s Nicaragua's u.s. founded
dictatorship was overthrown by
left-leaning revolutionaries the
Sandinistas the new government was
intrinsically aligned with the Soviet
Union
and represented a very regional threat
to the United States in an attempt to
stem the tide of socialism in Central
America the CIA funded and trained
terrorist rebel groups known as the
Contras to overthrow the Sandinistas to
fund the war the Reagan administration
secretly sold weapons to Iran and
assisted in the trade of cocaine
meanwhile the Soviet Union sent a huge
amount of money and weapons to the
Sandinistas to undermine the u.s.
throughout the second half of the 20th
century Russia aligned itself with a
number of Arab states although a brief
period of time in the 1940s saw the USSR
support Israel as the Jewish state grew
closer to the US Russia quickly reversed
course by the end of the Cold War
not only were most Arab states supported
by Russia but the Soviet Union itself
was rife with institutional
anti-semitism since the collapse of the
Soviet Union Russia in the u.s. have
come closer in geopolitical goals
however in an effort to establish
themselves as world superpowers each has
continued bolstering allies to their own
interests although the conflict in Syria
may not yet be considered a proxy war
the two countries in direct rivalry has
already destabilized much of the world
the recent increase in tensions between
Russia and the United States has many
asking if they might be on the brink of
a new Cold War to learn more check out
this video the split was largely based
on ideological differences pitting the
capitalist West with the communist East
the Cold War was considered cold as
neither side took part in regional
warfare however fighting did take place
in the form of proxy wars in Korea
Vietnam and Afghanistan which both sides
supported financially and militarily
thanks for watching don't forget to Like
and subscribe so you don't miss out on
new daily videos
