in June 2014 the Islamic state announced
their intention to establish a Caliphate
within Syria and Iraq since that time
their controlled territory has expanded
to include more than 10 million people
and they have already begun to implement
various aspects of a Caliphate so what
exactly would an Isis Caliphate look
like well a Caliphate is simply an
Islamic based state ruled by a single
leader called a caliph the Caliph is
considered a direct successor to the
Muslim Prophet Muhammad and the leader
of all Muslims in fact the most
important schism within the Muslim world
is on the basis of how to select new
caliphs Sunnis treat the selection as a
democratic voting process although once
a leader is chosen they almost always
continue the line of caliphs through a
hereditary monarchy she is instead
leaves the choice to God and only allow
caliphs picked from Muhammad's direct
descendants within Isis which is a Sunni
Muslim group their caliph is Abu Bakr
al-baghdadi throughout history a number
of Middle Eastern and North African
regions have claimed to be Muhammad's
true successor and thus the true
caliphate
similarly Isis has made it clear that
they seek a quote worldwide caliphate
historians have described this goal as
leading to a global political order
we're all live under Muslim rule it is
closely related to the idea of a
worldwide jihad or struggle for
dominance which has also been called a
holy war against non-believers
besides Isis other groups like al-qaeda
and Hamas have also discussed a
worldwide Caliphate as their ultimate
intention so far it is easy to see how
Isis intends to run their Caliphate the
Quran fairly specifically dictates its
laws which are known as Sharia however
there is some leeway in terms of
severity of punishment or whether
something is actually criminal in nature
thus far Isis has crucified children for
breaking the Ramadan fast thrown gay men
off a building to their deaths and
beheaded people for alleged spying
clearly the Isis Caliphate is violent
and overwhelmingly strict more
specifically Isis has released a number
of directives that give a better sense
of their brutality
police stealing is to be punished by
amputation all drugs alcohol and tobacco
are banned and graves or shrines are
also prohibited additionally women are
not allowed to leave the home unless
absolutely necessary and if they do they
must be completely covered Sharia law
based rules like these are relatively
common to varying degrees in a number of
Middle Eastern countries although the
only ones still beheading people like
Isis is Saudi Arabia essentially Isis
has long term goals for establishing a
Caliphate are not entirely dissimilar
from previous historical caliphates
created in the years after Muhammad's
death while they control millions in
Iraq and Syria now Western forces have
pushed back and recaptured some lost
territory still Isis has been doing
considerably better than any other
terror group in recent history and while
the prospect of there actually being a
worldwide Caliphate is slim its defeat
has been much harder than expected
besides killing innocent people Isis has
been successfully damaging ancient
archaeological sites to learn more about
this destruction watch the video above
learn more about their strategy of using
suicidal shock troops over at seeker
daily thanks for watching test-tube
don't forget to Like and subscribe to
keep up with new videos every day
