on October 1st 2015
a gunman at a college in Oregon shot 18
people killing nine the mass shooting
followed an ongoing pattern seen
throughout the United States in fact the
u.s. sees a considerably larger number
of these shootings than any other
industrialized country so we wanted to
know why exactly does the United States
have so many mass shootings well it's
important to note that there is no
easily agreed-upon definition of what
constitutes a mass shooting according to
media sources there have only been about
72 mass shootings in the last 30 years
meanwhile a cited list of mass shooting
incidents lists 337 in 2014 alone why
the distinction well the first refers
fairly specifically to indiscriminate
murder sprees in public places like the
massacres in Oregon Sandy Hook and
Aurora
but the FBI defines a mass murder as any
four or more murders occurring in a
single incident this skyrockets the
number of cases and includes gang
disputes domestic altercations and armed
robbery obviously there's a concrete
difference between a person who shoots
up a school and gang violence the causes
and solutions to both are very distinct
and often the source of much
misunderstanding when addressing the
total number of mass shootings there is
a clear and defined correlation between
the number of guns and rates of
shootings a Harvard study found that
wherever there are more guns there is
more homicide even after accounting for
rates of assault robbery unemployment
poverty and alcohol consumption this
follows the fact that in states where
it's easier to purchase guns there are
naturally more guns and naturally higher
homicide rates recent reports have
attempted to make it clear that mental
illness is not a major contributing
factor to most mass murders and that gun
control is the real solution but when
addressing the less common and more
frequently discussed public massacres
there are certain specific patterns that
emerge a majority of the attackers have
been white men showing signs of mental
instability who had acquired their guns
legally and this is relatively
unsurprising gun background checks are
limited in their ability to check
private mental health records and mental
health care in the United States overall
is lacking in 2012 it was reported that
roughly 90 million Americans lived in an
area without adequate access to mental
health care which is also expensive and
massively stigmatized within a
and culture the fact is that there are
many different types of mass shootings
with a combination of contributing
factors when lawmakers and media
personalities discuss various solutions
especially involving gun control and
mental healthcare they're often speaking
in different contexts
yes overall mass murders will go down
with stricter gun control laws however
better mental health care would likely
reduce the number of public massacres
America's real mass murder problem is
when those deaths are politicized and
solutions are ignored along partisan
lines some people claim that stricter
gun control laws are the only solution
ending mass shootings but just how easy
is it to get a gun in the United States
anyway watch seeker Daily's video to
find out firearm purchases must be made
through dealers licensed under the
dealer record of sale process in
California for example sales come with a
10-day waiting period and a buyer must
be 18 to buy a rifle or shotgun and at
least 21 to buy a handgun thanks for
watching make sure to LIKE and subscribe
to test-tube news for new videos every
day
