in September 2015 a report released by a
British think-tank detailed the
experiences of 58 defectors from Isis
until now many such reports have been
rare because defectors are afraid to
speak out lest their families are they
themselves be harmed with some new
insight into the brutal practices of the
terrorist group we wanted to know why
are Isis recruits leaving well for about
4,000 western recruits and many more
from the Middle East of North Africa
it's not quite the paradise that they
were promised young people are tempted
with offers of adventure money guns and
glory one defector recounted how an Isis
recruiter in his area promised sports
cars and multiple wives he was also told
that he could return to Turkey at any
time after joining but many are not
prepared for the harsh reality the lack
of food clean water and electricity
resulted a quality of life that can be
difficult to cope with promised luxury
goods never materialized and the
penalties were speaking out or running
away or severe death by decapitation is
a common practice for any perceived
spies or defectors Isis recruits that
joined primarily to support Islam in the
Caliphate find themselves disappointed
too defectors say the corruption racism
and lies are rampant within Isis's
leadership and officials don't abide by
Islamic teachings reports of Isis
soldiers taking young women as sexual
slaves goes against what many Muslim
scholars say is a universal consensus
forbidding slavery in Islam instead of
fighting the Syrian government often
rebels fight amongst themselves and
other Muslims defectors report that this
violence seems wrong counterproductive
and religiously illegitimate finally
Isis soldiers are also choosing to
defect because they aren't prepared for
the violence it's reported that
Westerners in particular are used as
cannon fodder and two of the interviewed
defectors left when they were chosen to
be suicide bombers in an NPR interview
126 year old former Isis member said
Isis wants to kill everyone who says no
to others the multitude of rapes and
beheadings are shocking and completely
contrary to the advertised idea of the
Isis Caliphate reports allege that Isis
is having mounting problems with
defectors and one extra crew has says he
prefers jail in Germany to freedom in
Syria global law makers especially in
the West are being encouraged to protect
defectors and interview them so that
other vulnerable people can learn from
their experiences the recent reports
detailing Isis defectors have been
called a powerful tool to counter Isis
propaganda one of Isis's most common
strategies to assert power is to take
hostages to learn more about this
process watch this video many countries
the United States in particular refused
to pay for the return of their citizens
White House officials have argued that
paying ransoms only encourages more
kidnappings in fact until this policy
was relaxed in June 2015 victims
families could be criminally prosecuted
for organizing ransom payments thanks
for watching test-tube news make sure to
LIKE and subscribe for new videos every
day
