in September 2015 the u.s. director of
the Defense Intelligence Agency
predicted that Iraq and Syria would
likely not survive in the future with
sectarian violence religious extremism
and plummeting economies many have been
questioning their stability especially
in such a volatile region so can Iraq
and Syria survive as countries first one
of the biggest issues that may lead to
the splitting or dissolution of Iraq and
Syria is that many Middle Eastern
residents identify with their historical
tribe or religious set turbulent
countries in the region are often
combinations of aggressive and opposing
groups during times of peace these
conflicts don't threaten to tear apart
the country but since rocks leader
Saddam Hussein was deposed by the u.s.
invasion in 2003 the country has become
violently split along Sunni Shia and
Kurdish lines likewise the Syrian civil
war is effectively between Sunni and
Shia militant groups which include
government forces and the Islamic state
one of the biggest reasons for having
such mismatched neighbors is that the
creation of these countries did not take
into account sectarian differences for
more than 600 years the majority of
today's turbulent Middle Eastern
countries were united under the Ottoman
Empire but when the Empire was dissolved
at the end of World War one it was left
to the Allies to distribute the land
amongst themselves after all the lines
were drawn Iraq Transjordan and
Palestine went under British control
while Syria and Lebanon were given to
France which was also problematic
because Britain had previously promised
to give former Ottoman Empire Arabs
independent rather than placing them
under Western control the subjugation
led to the popularity of rebellious
sectarian and religious leaders who
actively opposed to Western influence
and fought to dismantle it to gain
independence although most of these
countries are no longer officially under
colonial control the rulers continue to
be militaristic the second and perhaps
larger issue was that in typical
colonial fashion the borders created for
the Middle East were based on the idea
of separating various groups by country
lines however the straight-line borders
had little to do with the complicated
existing geography of where people
actually live
the most glaring and immediate example
of this is the current
israeli-palestinian conflict today war
has ripped apart the nationalist fabric
of Iraq and Syria after fighting for
independence for decades it has been
predicted that the area known as
Kurdistan will split from Iraq Syria
Turkey and Iran Syria and Iraq will
further splinter into Sunni and Shia
divides without either economic
prosperity or an iron-fisted ruler to
prevent dissent there is little hope
that Iraq or Syria will stay whole but
what is life really like for the people
of Syria seeker daily investigated for
more on that
click the video at the top or to learn
about how serious president hugely
influenced the country's decline watch
our video at the bottom thanks for
watching test-tube news don't forget to
Like and subscribe
