in September 2015 the United Nations
launched their 15-year plan to make the
world a better place the 17 sustainable
development goals are focused on
improvement and longevity and are a
focal point of UN Week in New York City
additionally a number of summits provide
the opportunity for world leaders to
cooperate in achieving these global
goals so what exactly are the world's
biggest problems
well first and foremost poverty is an
inescapable issue for nearly all
developing countries roughly one in
seven people around the world live on
less than a dollar and 25 cents a day
and nearly half of the global population
lives on just 2 dollars and 50 cents
while about 1/3 of the world's poor are
located in India only 10 countries has
80 percent of the poorest people on
earth closely tied to poverty is the
issue of hunger inadequate nutrition
contributes to nearly half of all child
deaths worldwide and in regions like
sub-saharan Africa one in four people
are malnourished as a result nearly 800
million people don't have access to
enough food to live healthy active lives
similarly water and sanitation are
absolute necessities yet nearly the same
number of people without access to food
lack access to water and a third of the
world's population risks disease by not
having adequate sanitation another major
issue for developing countries is a lack
of educational opportunities the UN
predicted in 2011 that if all students
had even basic reading skills world
poverty could be reduced by more than
10% but illiteracy is an asymmetrical
problem and affects considerably more
women than men of roughly 780 million
illiterate adults worldwide two-thirds
are female as a result women have
considerably fewer opportunities and it
hurts a country's ability to progress
economically without a fully educated
workforce
this inequality is rampant and not
exclusively relegated to gender economic
inequality is also drawn along racial
and social divides countries like
Namibia see only a few thousand white
landowners owning almost half of the
country's agricultural land for
population of more than two million in
fact land distribution has become an
increasingly relevant issue with
man-made climate change deforestation
and overfishing the rapid environmental
decline might be too late to reverse
although organizations like the UN have
implemented standards and worked to save
forests oceans and the atmosphere it
continues to be a serious issue for the
international community the UN summits
17 global goals span from micro to macro
and hope to contribute to solutions for
the world's biggest problems their
communication training and financial
support it's up to influential world
leaders and average citizens to seek to
improve the world since addressing
issues like poverty and hunger most
countries have made considerable
progress on every set goal so we know
that the United Nations has been
effective working on these issues but
how effective has it been find out in
our video the United Nations emerged
after World War two with the objective
of achieving a global balance of peace
between world powers today they have 193
member states and they have roughly
100,000 soldiers or blue berets
operating 16 separate peacekeeping
missions around the globe thanks for
watching test-tube don't forget to Like
and subscribe so you don't miss out
we'll see you next time
