as the migrant crisis in Europe
continues to unfold many countries are
struggling to deal with the number of
incoming refugees in September 2015
hungry so nearly six thousand migrants
enter the country in one day before
closing the border the Central European
nation has struggled to keep up with the
incoming wave so we wanted to know just
how powerful is hungry well the former
Soviet occupied territory is relatively
small coming in at about 35,000 total
square miles that's about the same size
as the state of Maine but with nearly 10
times the population yet modern Hungary
is considerably smaller than it used to
be after World War one the nation-state
of austria-hungary was split in two with
hungry losing nearly three-quarters of
its land and more than half of its
population for the length of the Cold
War they were occupied by Soviet forces
until the collapse of communism in the
Soviet Union
however Hungary was never officially
part of the USSR unlike most other
former communist states hungry shifted
to a market economy in the 1990s the
growth was slow due to overwhelming
foreign debt long-lasting austerity
measures helped the situation but the
2008 financial crisis forced the country
into a severe recession today hungry
seeing a slow recovery with about 1.5
percent growth annually however
government interference in the country's
banking system has created significant
distrust between Hungary and the EU in
2011 hungry saw their credit rating
temporarily dropped to quote junk status
as a result of this interference
although Hungary is a member of the OECD
WTO and EU they are one of the few
remaining EU members to not use the Euro
their economy is primarily based on
mining and resource exploitation as well
as agriculture and they are one of the
largest producers of propria in the
world so with a relatively weak economy
and questionable government influence
just how strong is their military well
with roughly 70,000 troops and a budget
of about a billion dollars they rank
about 59th in the world despite a small
in somewhat outdated army Hungary is
both a NATO and UN member meaning they
have enough protection to skimp on
military light they are also on good
terms with their ex Soviet neighbours
Ukraine Romania and Slovakia
moreover hungry is one of the most
peaceful
on earth as ranked by the Global Peace
Index like many of its neighbors
Hungry's dealt with aggression invasion
debt and war leading to a decent but not
spectacular state of affairs they may
not be a world superpower but they do
have regional influence and important
trade agreements still on top of their
shaky economy in weak military huh
Murray's ruling government has been
accused of limiting civil rights through
lack of power coupled with a flood of
new immigrants doesn't bode well for
hungry like hungry Italy is also faced
an influx of immigrants is it better
equipped to take care of them now to
find out watch this video right here but
Italy is also the former home of the
Roman Empire one of the most important
and influential
empires in world history at its height
it was the world leader in economy
military politics and culture it covered
nearly two million square miles of
territory and contained 1/5 of the
global population thanks for watching
test-tube don't forget to Like and
subscribe to our Channel and we'll see
you next time
