after years of nuclear negotiations
between Iran and the United States
tensions have soared to a new high both
countries hold extremely negative views
of each other Iranian leaders are even
known to chant death to America in their
public addresses however some countries
have even less favorable views of the US
so which countries hate America the most
while according to a recent Pew poll
surveying 40 countries throughout the
world the Middle East is the most
critical region of the US and its
actions since 2001 the United States has
fought a war on terror throughout
nations like Iraq Afghanistan and Syria
this has resulted in countless
casualties severely damaging the United
States's popularity in the area this is
on top of America's historic support of
Israel amid the israel-palestine
conflict Jordan which borders most of
these war-torn countries hates the u.s.
more than any other nation surveyed
83% of those polled held unfavorable
views of the u.s. surrounding areas like
the Palestinian territories Lebanon and
Turkey
also held similar negative views the
country with the second-most unfavorable
view of the u.s. is Russia after
Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014
the u.s. led a series of sanctions
against Russia today Russia is in the
midst of recession which some blame on
US and EU sanctions Russia also controls
its media which weighs heavily on public
opinion and regularly demonizes the US
just a few years ago Russian approval
ratings of the u.s. stood at 51% today
this has nosedived to 15 percent
Russia's economic dip has also affected
US perceptions in countries with strong
business ties to Russia like Argentina
and Venezuela also a few nations in Asia
like Pakistan and Malaysia have
significant negative views of the US
this is mostly due to their national
Muslim majorities which generally
sympathize with other middle-eastern
Muslim community
Pakistan also shares a border with
Afghanistan where part of the US war on
terror is being fought for this reason
Pakistan has disapproval towards the
United States at 62% most countries with
anti-us views have been opposed to the
spread of Western dominance
anti-american sentiments have become so
deeply entrenched in some places the
belief has become symbolic of something
larger dissatisfaction with the way
current global politics are skewed
against certain territories have caused
many to turn to more militant
organizations in order to initiate
change you're probably curious to find
out more about each individual enemy the
US has to find out more about why Russia
hates the u.s. check out this video
there was a considerable amount of
propaganda coming from both Russian
state-controlled media sources and
long-held conspiratorial beliefs about
the United States many Russians believe
that the events of 9/11 were planned by
the US government in order to invade the
Middle East and roughly 40% of Russians
don't believe the u.s. ever even landed
on the moon thanks for watching
test-tube news don't forget to Like and
subscribe so you don't miss out on new
videos
