in September 2015 the state of
Washington sued the federal government
over leaking radioactive waste buried at
Hanford nuclear site as the main
plutonium producer during the Cold War
roughly two-thirds of America's nuclear
waste is located in Hanford but despite
being the most contaminated nuclear site
in the United States it's far from the
worst worldwide so we wanted to know
what are some of the most radioactive
places on earth nuclear accidents are
categorized on a zero to seven scale
ranging from no safety issues to extreme
health and environmental concerns to
date there have only been two level
seven accidents and the most recent tops
the list in 2011 an earthquake and
tsunami hit a nuclear power plant in
Fukushima Japan three of six nuclear
reactors went through meltdown
propelling radioactive contamination
into the air in Ocean due to the tsunami
which left thousands dead there were few
immediate countermeasures and
radioactive materials ended up spreading
as far as 5,000 miles today the ruined
reactors are still extremely dangerous
despite thousands of workers being
around them daily the other level seven
nuclear accident was in 1986 in
Chernobyl Ukraine while Chernobyl has
been called the worst nuclear disaster
in history it ranks second due to the
nature of the meltdown after severe
power failure a single Chernobyl reactor
went critical and exploded spreading
contaminants over several mile radius
however considerably more nuclear fuel
was dispersed by Fukushima and luckily
Chernobyl's fallout was primarily
concentrated away from large population
centers today Chernobyl is surrounded by
a concrete dome to keep out the
remaining radiation a 1,000 square mile
exclusionary zone has also been
established around the disaster site one
of the worst radioactive sites not
caused by nuclear meltdown is in my
loose suit Kyrgyzstan the area is home
to an old uranium mine once controlled
by the former Soviet Union a complete
lack of safety regulations led to
radioactive waste being dumped and
buried in 23 separate places some right
alongside the town's river and water
supply the area has been called one of
the most polluted on earth and although
mining stopped in the 1960s the
radiation didn't go away
worse yet many of the bunkers covering
these radioactive sites have
deteriorated and are in danger of
collapsing in a landslide and falling
directly into the river which flows to
his Becca Stan
residents have seen significantly higher
rates of birth defects miscarriages and
stillbirths over the past half century
while nuclear energy is clean and
efficient when everything goes well the
dark side of radioactive contamination
is far worse than almost any other
disaster in the United States the
Department of Energy has been tasked
with cleaning up over a hundred nuclear
waste sites comprising an area roughly
the size of West Virginia and while the
US has established strict guidelines
concerning nuclear waste and energy not
all countries are as careful one
photographer took a trip to Chernobyl
and took haunting pictures of its ruins
we also have an in-depth video on
Chernobyl you can check both of those
videos out here thanks for watching
test-tube news don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
