it's been more than a decade since the
US invasion of Afghanistan yet thousands
of troops still remain in the country
although Obama promises to withdraw the
timetable keeps shifting forward so will
the u.s. ever actually leave Afghanistan
well the whole conflict began after the
attacks of September 11th 2001 at the
time the US believed that the Taliban
Afghanistan's ruling party was harboring
Osama bin Laden the Taliban refused to
extradite him saying that there was not
enough proof connecting Osama with the
attacks in response the US began
Operation Enduring Freedom and invaded
Afghanistan in October 2001 after nearly
13 years roughly a hundred thousand
casualties and the death of Osama bin
Laden President Obama announced an end
to military operations in December 2014
the original plan was a massive troop
drawdown and transition of power from US
forces to Afghan forces however the
original timeline has repeatedly been
revised with soldiers leaving later than
expected during Obama's State of the
Union address in 2015 he claimed that
Afghan forces had taken the lead yet the
most recent slowdown was the result of
Afghan leaders asking US forces to stay
just a month prior to the president's
address former Secretary of Defense
Chuck Hagel announced that an additional
1,000 troops would remain in the country
the biggest reason for this slow
withdrawal is that the situation in
Afghanistan is still dangerous and
unstable
although the Taliban government has been
ousted insurgent groups continue to
attack US forces in fact despite calling
an end to the conflict 2014 was the
deadliest year for Afghan civilians and
armed forces more than 3,000 civilians
were killed comprising war casualties in
a single year than September 11th itself
another massive problem is Afghan police
and security attacking US and NATO
troops these are called green-on-blue
attacks the rise in these attacks forced
all new regulations in training and
vetting new recruits despite these
setbacks Obama's current plan involves
shutting down all US military bases in
Afghanistan while leaving only a
thousand US troops by January 2017
the remaining troops will focus on
continued training and defense however
the slow rate of withdrawal multiplied
by worsening and stability throughout
the Middle East suggests that it is on
likely the US will extricate itself in
time even though Afghanistan's capital
is still marred by war the locals have
found creative ways to enjoy themselves
find out more watch this video by seeker
stories
thanks for watching test-tube news
remember to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
