around the anniversary of the police
shooting of Michael Brown law
enforcement officers in Ferguson
Missouri were ordered to return their
military Humvees to the Pentagon this is
following widespread criticism of the
continued militarization of America's
police forces so why are the police
acting like an occupying armed force
instead of a law enforcement agency
what exactly is militarization well
after the Civil War Congress passed the
Posse Comitatus Act which ended the
practice of using military personnel as
domestic law enforcement in the
following years police were well armed
to deal with day-to-day disturbances but
in the early 20th century
organized crime during Prohibition and
the Great Depression posed a new
challenge
criminals began using high-powered and
automatic weapons which meant that
officers had to be able to match their
firepower in response police began
carrying submachine guns and using
armored cars in the 1960s bank robberies
and riots necessitated even more
powerful police weaponry this led to the
creation of the quasi military SWAT team
which was used sparingly but to great
effect in high danger situations
although police were considerably more
powerful there was still a clear
separation between military and domestic
forces that is until the war on drugs
ten years after the war on drugs was
announced Ronald Reagan passed a federal
law allowing police to cooperate with
the military and use their military
equipment he justified this as a
necessary step in fighting the domestic
drug war with this new cooperation
police were able to access
military-grade rifles used for jungle
warfare in Vietnam a 1997 shootout
between heavily armed bank robbers and
in sufficiently equipped police officers
served as a catalyst for the US
government to begin the 1033 program
this program was an effort to distribute
an array of military equipment to law
enforcement agencies countrywide in 17
years the program sent out more than 5
billion dollars worth of equipment
including things like grenade launchers
aircrafts and armored cars one small
County in South Carolina received a six
hundred and fifty thousand dollar
landmine resistant war vehicle with a 50
caliber machine gun turret with domestic
police now equipped as a military force
public perception of their role in the
US has been drastically changing instead
of seeing a friendly police officer
who's willing to
helped citizens see body armor clad
militants driving around in vehicles
designed to survive bomb blasts
unfortunately the militarization trend
is unlikely to go away a 2015 study
found that nearly all lawmakers who
voted to continue the 1033 program had
received thousands of dollars in
campaign contributions from defense
contractors in May 2015 President Barack
Obama addressed the problems of giving
police forces military equipment with
insufficient training and no limitations
things like grenade launchers and
armored vehicles with mounted guns were
removed from the program Obama even
compared the militarization of police to
having an occupying armed force roaming
the streets although many citizens agree
that supplying police with
military-grade equipment is dangerous
and disruptive the bulk of the program
still remains and is likely to continue
besides devoting a lot of money to
militarizing its domestic police the
u.s. gives billions of dollars to
military defense every year watch this
video to learn more as military
technology became increasingly complex
the amount of money the government was
willing to spend increased as well this
led to massive payouts and intense
competition to secure those defense
contracts thanks for watching test-tube
news make sure to LIKE and subscribe for
new videos every day
