since the end of Mao Zedong's leadership
in the 1970s the People's Republic of
China has become one of the biggest
economies in the world although they
still call themselves communist the
inner workings of the Chinese government
are a mystery to many so how does
China's government actually work well
China has operated under a single
political party since the birth of
communist China called the Communist
Party of China although eight other
minor parties exists they are not
allowed to challenge CPC policy this
situation paints China as an
authoritarian country where political
dissent is punishable by lengthy prison
terms or exile China is also one of five
major nations in the world to retain a
communist ideology and while most
businesses are owned by the state China
has been implementing capitalist
policies and allowing companies to
privatize in reality China is more of a
mixed economy than a purely communist
country additionally many government
officials are elected for their
technical expertise making China in some
ways a technocracy the series of
political compromises explain why China
is economically much more successful
than other communist countries of the
past with just one political party there
is more cohesive legislation allowing
China's government to react quickly to
market trends their communist ideology
also lends itself to long term economic
policy which has allowed them to prosper
at the expense of regulation and workers
rights China's government is infamous
for corruption ranging from racketeering
to bribery in 2015 a former security
chief was sentenced to life in prison
for bribery and abuse of power
also punishments for threatening the
party's dominance are so severe that
China is ranked among the lowest nations
for press freedoms and human rights in
the end China's government has been
successful on paper but not so much in
theory or ethical policy as an
authoritarian government China sees mass
censorship of unapproved ideologies and
is one of the largest jailers of
journalists in the world it's clear that
being the second largest economy in the
world while juggling strict ideologies
comes
a difficult price China's government is
actually not too different from the
socialist government of North Korea
China's next door neighbor to learn more
about the charade of democracy in the
Hermit Kingdom check out this video
each candidate runs unopposed and
anybody who wants to vote against the
candidate has to use a special booth
since North Korea publicly executed
citizens for any anti state actions this
is not a good idea thanks for watching
test-tube news everyone make sure you
like and subscribe so you get new videos
from us every day
