a recent watchdog report estimated that
almost half of all Americans think the
US justice system is corrupt
it is also approximated that over two
and a half million individual bribes are
paid within the judicial system each
year so what's going on why are
America's judges so corrupt in the early
2000s - pennsylvania judges sent
thousands of children to a juvenile
detention center in exchange for
financial kickbacks from detention
center operators this kids for cash
scandal resulted in long prison
sentences for the guilty parties and
raised the issue of judicial corruption
judges occupy a particularly privileged
status within the judicial branch
although federal judges and Supreme
Court justices have life long terms in
many states judges must still run for
re-election
while elections are supposed to hold
local judges accountable to their
constituents it can often create
conflicts of interest just as it does
with politicians one 2004 case an
Illinois judge won an appointment to the
High Court partially thanks to financial
support from a large insurance agency
suspiciously the judge later voted to
overturn a billion-dollar lawsuit
against that agency leading to a federal
investigation of the circumstances as
judges are usually unopposed in their
rulings they hold the power to make
dishonest judgments for financial gain
as in the kids for cash scandal in a
2013 case a Texas state judge was
convicted of receiving more than 250
thousand dollars in bribes and kickbacks
in exchange for favorable rulings some
judgments were even sold for as little
as three hundred dollars apiece judges
with tenure and lifelong terms also pose
a problem because they are essentially
incontrovertible Alabama Supreme Court
Justice Roy Moore has more than once
defined popular higher court rulings
because of his own religious bias most
recently he ordered state officials to
refuse marriage licenses to gay couples
few penalties have been levied against
Moore for his actions though in 2015 the
Southern Poverty Law Center officially
filed an ethical
the American judicial system plays one
of the most important regulatory roles
in society while an overwhelming
majority of judges play by the rules the
lack of oversight and accountability
leaves the door wide open for corruption
although a few government organizations
like the Public Integrity section study
public officials the investigation and
prosecution of judges is a highly
sensitive issue watchdog groups and
media reports indicate that corruption
is clearly present within the judicial
system but prosecution is difficult when
those in question are the ones
interpreting the law while corrupt
judges can fortunately be voted out if
they are local Supreme Court judges are
here to stay for life whether we love
them or hate them
find out why watch our video here what's
the logic behind lifetime appointments
well the framers wanted judges to be as
nonpartisan as possible by removing
their need to run for re-election on
various political platforms every few
years federal judges are expected to be
impartial in their Court decisions in
order to uphold the law thanks for
watching test-tube news today please
remember to Like and subscribe for more
videos and we'll see you next time
