in August 2015 a bomb went off in a
popular hindu shrine located in bangkok
thailand the explosion killed 22 people
and wounded over 120 but this attack was
not an isolated event in february two
bombs exploded in a bangkok shopping
mall and police were warned of as many
as 100 more potential targets many have
attributed this rise in bombings as an
attempt to destabilize the military
hooter which seized control of the
country in May 2014 so what exactly is
going on in Thailand well Thailand has
seen violence and political instability
throughout its entire history the
country has seen 12 coup d'etat since
1932 and is rife with human rights
abuses in 2006 Thailand's former prime
minister Thaksin Shinawatra's al stood
firm ruled by a military coup d'etat
although he was popular for expanding
social programs and fighting poverty
opposition groups accused him of
nepotism and corruption actors removal
from office his sister Ying look when
the 2011 election by a landslide
becoming the first female Prime Minister
of Thailand however many have said that
toxin was still the guiding force behind
her rule in 2013 Yingluck proposed a
bill which would give blanket amnesty to
civilian protesters from earlier
political instability as well as amnesty
for her former prime minister brother
the sparked mass protests by opposition
groups known as yellow shirts they
called for an end to the dynastic rule
of the schemata family in late 2013 an
anti-government group invaded government
buildings and opposing politicians in
Parliament stepped down in mass in an
effort to destabilize the government the
Prime Minister attempted to hold an
emergency election but the election was
boycotted and violence erupted among
protesters in May of 2014 the country's
Constitutional Court removed the Prime
Minister from office citing a number of
violations of the Constitution as well
as the deteriorating situation roughly
two weeks later the commander of the
Thai Army prior chan-ocha implemented
martial law in Thailand saying it was
necessary to avoid writing two days
later the commander announced a coup in
seized control of the government
he added to martial law with a curfew
ban political opposition arrested a
number of politicians and began
censoring
Internet and media the commander then
instituted himself as the leader of the
government creating a military junta and
revising the Constitution to give
himself amnesty for the coup since then
many groups have opposed the new
military dictatorship and lack of
democracy these latest bombings are
considered a reaction to those opposed
to the Hunta some have even suggested
that the hooter is committing the
bombing to justify their military rule
sadly the series of events is nothing
new for Thailand which has seen its
citizens suffer under political
instability violence and human rights
abuses for nearly a century Thailand's
neighbor to the west Myanmar has also
faced extreme violence and human rights
abuses including rebel attacks that
killed 130 people in February 2015
what's happening in Myanmar check out
this video to learn more well in very
simple terms the ethnic minority groups
of Myanmar have been fighting almost 70
years for freedom from an oppressive
government there are more than 135
ethnic minorities in Myanmar and some of
the ethnic communities have formed
militarized rebel factions thanks for
watching us today on test-tube news be
sure to like and subscribe to our
Channel see you next time
