in its 2015 progress report the European
Union criticized Turkey for its human
rights abuses and breaches and democracy
this could pose a problem for Turkey
which has been trying to join the
European Economic Community since 1987
but the Turkish government's autocratic
and severe rule of law has only worsened
leaving the country further away from
its goal this left us wondering will
Turkey ever be able to join the EU well
to qualify for EU membership a country
must have a stable democracy a
functioning economy and a government
that only acts within its rule of law EU
applicants must also respect their
citizens human rights and protect
minority groups any European nation can
apply to the EU but if they don't meet
these standards they will likely remain
a candidate country Turkey and several
other countries fall into this category
meaning they are routinely reviewed to
assess their eligibility the United
States and the United Kingdom have long
supported turkeys accession into the EU
however German Chancellor Angela Merkel
arguably one of the most powerful
leaders in Europe has historically
opposed their potential entry but
regardless of their alliances Turkey is
far from meeting the EU s conditions for
entry although their president regi up
tie affair Dewan was democratically
elected the country is hardly a true
democracy turkey ranks near the bottom
of the 2015 reporters without borders
Press Freedom Index and in just 18
months nearly 2,000 legal cases were
opened for insulting air21 air Dewan
controls most of turkey's free press and
has reportedly threatened arrested and
even killed journalists who oppose him
or his party in March 2016 Turkish
courts authorized police to oust the
editors of the country's leading
opposition newspaper many censored
journalists and civilians are part of
Turkey's Kurdish minority which have
long faced legal discrimination and
violence in the country air diwan's
military has carried out attacks on
ethnic Kurds in southeast Turkey in the
name of fighting the Kurdish separatist
group the PKK Turkey ended a two-year
ceasefire with the PKK in July 2015
since hostilities were resumed hundreds
of Kurdish civilians have been killed
and many left without food water and
electricity but despite their assaults
on Kurdish civilians and worsening
treatment of the press turkey may
actually have a shot at joining the
European
Union this is because the Turkish
government has agreed to readmit
hundreds of thousands of migrants who
had passed through the country on their
way to Greece and Western Europe in
return Turkey is demanding more than six
billion dollars of EU support as well as
visa-free travel for Turks and a faster
path to EU membership European leaders
are desperate for turkeys cooperation in
the worst refugee crisis since World War
two
so even though turkey doesn't fulfill
most of the --use membership
requirements they do have one major
bargaining chip the refugee crisis
whether this will leverage them into the
EU despite air diwan's authoritarian
regime is yet to be seen the EU member
states aren't the only ones displeased
with air diwan's behavior Turkish
citizens themselves have been rebelling
against the president for years to find
out why Turkey hates its president check
out this video above or to learn why
three Turkish cities dominate the list
of fastest developing cities check out
this video below thanks for watching
test-tube news everyone don't forget to
like him subscribe so you get new videos
from us every day
