in February 2016 the body of a missing
Italian student was found badly beaten
near a highway outside Cairo Egypt
security forces are strongly suspected
as they have long been accused of
torturing detainees and of suspicious
disappearances Egyptian police are
thought to be responsible for hundreds
of unlawful imprisonment and pressure on
the government to intervene is mounting
so we wanted to know just how corrupt is
Egypt well much of Egypt's current
issues with corruption stemmed from
former president Hosni Mubarak when
Mubarak took office in 1981 he placed
Egypt under emergency law which
suspended constitutional protections and
broadened the authority of the police
and politicians this effectively froze
citizens rights to equal protection and
fair trial as a result politicians and
activists were arbitrarily detained
secret prisons were established and
media outlets were blocked when Mubarak
was ousted from office in 2011 roughly
half the population was living on $2 a
day or less while Mubarak's personal
fortune was estimated to be worth 70
billion dollars since then Egypt has
undergone multiple elections and
constitution but Egypt continued to drop
on the corruption index following six
spots in 2011 and 64 percent of
Egyptians report that corruption
increased between 2011 and 2013 that is
in part because low-level or petty
corruption is reportedly deeply
ingrained in Egyptian society today
citizens must allegedly pay a bribe for
virtually any public service including
licensing registering property and
admission to public universities
corruption in the private sector is not
only tacitly accepted it's seen as the
only way to get things done for example
when a business wants to lift a
regulation or expedite the passage of a
law they're expected to pay a
facilitation payment also known as a
bribe to the official in charge
Egypt's business world is also
reportedly plagued by favoritism or
rasta those who have wasta can generally
escape punishment for illegal business
dealings
and can even collect unearned government
benefits although Egypt criminalizes
these and other forms of low-level
corruption legislation is rarely
enforced but in recent years the
situation has improved in 2014 Egypt
actually rose 20 spots on the corruption
index and that same year a National
anti-corruption strategy was implemented
it was designed to further monitor and
penalize corrupt activities and
increased transparency the following
year former President Mubarak and his
family were fined 16 million dollars and
jailed for embezzlement
but as rampant low-level corruption
continues to trap Egyptians in poverty
and halt any substantial economic growth
only time will tell if the new
government will be able to rein in
corruption in the long term but Egypt is
not the only corrupt country in the
world there are many other repressive
and untrustworthy nations and you can
learn about the worst of the worst by
watching this video this data ranks
nearly every country's perceived
corruption based on levels of bribery
illegitimate government spending and
lack of anti-corruption measures year
after year many of the same countries
are at the bottom of the list thanks for
watching test-tube news don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
