up until the 18th century historians
argue that China was the most advanced
nation in the world although the time
didn't really exist then they were by
today's standards a global superpower
but in the late 18th and early 19th
centuries the table's turned coal fueled
steam engines in Europe and the u.s.
mechanized the manufacturing process
which significantly contributed to the
emergence of countries like the u.s. as
global economic leaders China meanwhile
was left behind however the benefits of
the Industrial Revolution for America
did come at a price the gray skies
always filled with smoke tell us how
productive the area is and as China
continues to play catch-up they too are
understanding the costs of coal powered
progress over the 22 years I've been
going to China
documenting the changes there the smog
problem has progressively gotten worse
that's James Whitlow Delano an American
photographer based in Tokyo who has been
capturing the environmental effects of
China's industrial revolution I would
have to say in the last five to seven
years it has really gotten bad it's hard
to even believe how polluted and how
thick the smog has become he took these
black-and-white images across her bay
province a region in northern China that
surrounds the nation's capital of
Beijing her bay is the beating heart of
China's coal fueled industry home to
some 150 plants that produce steel and
iron but that's not all these factories
produce coal powered plants like those
in Hebei also emit a toxic chemical soup
of sulfur dioxide nitrogen oxides
particulate matter and even mercury into
the atmosphere seven out of ten of the
worst most polluted cities in China are
at Hebei Province children can't go out
to play we see people wearing masks
which has become quite common I don't
think that people on the other side of
the plan
really have come to terms with the scale
of the pollution that is being generated
and that's no exaggeration air pollution
causes a spectrum of health problems
including asthma strokes lung cancer and
heart attacks in fact it's estimated
that China's air pollution problem is
linked to 1.6 million deaths a year
that's almost 4,500 people a day while
studies like this didn't exist during
America's Industrial Revolution there is
plenty of anecdotal evidence that the
u.s. suffered from its own pollution
crisis in the early 1900s
lots of regulation followed and today
the u.s. is among the loudest voices
calling for China to reduce their air
pollution even though the u.s. is still
a massive polluter itself but China
isn't blind to history's lessons and
many believe that their coal dependency
could be sure to live than those of
their European and American counterparts
and it all comes down to timing because
China's industrialization is happening
in an age of unprecedented advances in
both manufacturing and perhaps more
crucially energy production China has
already started to employ technology to
modernize its workforce in addition it's
also started to heavily invest in
renewable energy sources like
hydroelectric dams wind turbines and
solar power in an attempt to wean itself
off of its coal dependency all that
being said China is still understood to
be the world's biggest polluter and
according to recent reports 150 new coal
powered plants in Hebei have already
been approved so while the rest of the
world may want China's industrial
revolution to run out of steam it
doesn't look like it's going to anytime
soon this is a huge public health issue
for China the government is taking it
seriously
but the the scale of the challenge is
unprecedented in human history
