in February 2016 the United States
hosted its first-ever summit for the
Association of Southeast Asian Nations
or ASEAN the meeting was part of
President Obama's efforts to strengthen
economic and security ties with
Southeast Asia
the u.s. is interest in ASEAN has grown
significantly in recent years as
tensions rise over the highly disputed
South China Sea so what is ASEAN and why
is it important for Southeast Asia
well ASEAN is a political and economic
alliance of ten countries the group's
five original member states Indonesia
Malaysia the Philippines Singapore and
Thailand founded ASEAN in 1967 during
the height of the Vietnam War at the
time many Southeast Asian governments
were at war with their respective
communists led guerrilla groups and
leaders became increasingly concerned
over the region's political
vulnerability so they formed an alliance
to not only secure the region against
the threat of communism but to give
Southeast Asia a cohesive voice uncle
were issues since the fall of the Soviet
Union ASEAN has shifted its focus to
international trade border security and
collaboration with neighboring countries
like China and South Korea for instance
member states GDPs range anywhere from
roughly 11 to 888 billion dollars but
collectively their GDP is about two and
a half trillion dollars rivaling that of
France and the United Kingdom but when
it comes to military strength each ASEAN
member is relatively powerless on its
own although ASEAN has not fully
integrated its military they have
already begun to collaborate on regional
security threats like North Korea's
nuclear program and the territorial
dispute over the South China Sea for
decades China has tried to take
ownership of much of this area despite
conflicting claims from several member
states ASEAN has repeatedly attempted to
resolve this issue but has thus far
failed the South China Sea conflict has
jeopardized diplomatic relations between
member states as several are heavily
influenced by China osteons lack of
coherence on the issue has led to
criticism of the group supposedly weak
leadership and disjointed priorities
despite these differences of opinion
over the South China Sea however ASEAN
is striving to create a distinct
Southeast Asian identity by 2020
meaning that citizens belonging to these
Member States would identify themselves
not by their nationality but by calling
themselves ASEAN so how important is
ASEAN well this powerful economic
alliance coupled with Southeast Asia's
growing consumer base has attracted
interest from all over the world
including the United States when
President Obama took office in 2009 the
u.s. made a strategic pivot to
strengthen relations with Asia and even
hosting Aussie ons biannual summit on US
soil and as China continues to expand
its military and territorial claims a
united Southeast Asian front is more
critical than it's ever been before to
do more episodes like this we rely on
our sponsors this episode is brought to
you by domain.com thanks to recent
changes in internet namespace you're not
just limited to dot-com org you can
register tons of new domains under dot
design Club even dot ninja and because
you know we love our test-tube audience
you can save 20% by using the coupon
code tube @ domain coms check out make
sure to check out more test-tube news
videos like this one about the fight to
control the South China Sea for starters
the South China Sea is the second most
used sea lane in the world and hosts a
third of all overseas shipping thanks
for watching test-tube news make sure to
LIKE and subscribe for new videos every
day
