Republican candidate Donald Trump has
seen unprecedented success in the 2016
presidential race Trump has led nearly
every major Republican primary poll this
year and if he continues to win the
primaries by his current margin experts
say that by mid-march it will be
virtually impossible for another
candidate to catch up but despite his
popularity among conservative voters the
GOP establishment has vehemently opposed
Trump fearing that an anti-establishment
candidate would not be able to win the
general election so how is the GOP
trying to stop Trump well as an
infamously outrageous businessman in
reality TV star Trump is the definition
of an outsider candidate although his
fundamentally conservative views echo
those of many Republican voters they are
a far cry from the GOP s future goals
these were outlined after the 2012
election loss and include employing a
more inclusive tone appealing to
minorities particularly Hispanics and
women and lessening their dependence on
affluent white men
needless to say Trump does not meet any
of these standards for the Republican
establishment Trump not only represents
an ideological step backwards but a sure
loss in the general election so to stop
Trump from ever getting to that point
the GOP has employed its most powerful
ally Fox News
although the TV network features some
pro Trump programming Fox has
predominantly rallied against the
candidate in the second Republican
debate for example Fox moderators
immediately focused on his potential run
as a third party candidate and his
history of misogynist statements this
led to a nasty feud between Trump and
Fox pundit megyn kelly which later
became an all-out war between the
network and the candidate even Rupert
Murdoch the CEO of Fox's parent company
News Corp publicly denounced Trump and
encouraged former New York Mayor Michael
Bloomberg to run against him as a third
party candidate but it's not just
conservative media attacking Trump super
PACs like our principals and Club for
Growth mobilized an anti Trump campaign
early on in the primaries unlike many
political organizations they are
uniquely not aligned with a specific
candidate their sole purpose is to bring
down Donald Trump our principals and
Club for Growth combined with smaller
outside groups
have spent roughly ten million dollars
mostly for ads that paint Trump as a
closeted liberal and urban elitist
despite their efforts Trump has
dominated the primaries thus far but
these organizations claim that their
efforts have significantly brought down
his numbers and promised to continue
aggressively advertising but as Trump is
getting closer and closer to winning the
nomination the GOP is rethinking their
anti Trump strategy several Republican
Congress members and even Trump's former
opponents have recently come out in
support of the candidate like New Jersey
Governor Chris Christie experts predict
that if Trump continues to win primaries
he will gather more and more GOP
endorsements this doesn't necessarily
mean that these candidates are changing
their minds about the Donald rather it
reflects the gops vow to get behind any
Republican candidate with a nomination
and their fear that a divided party will
lose them the election but with so many
divides within the Republican Party a
unified GOP remains in the distant
future to keep making these episodes we
rely on our sponsors and this episode is
brought to you by Squarespace they'll
help you build a website even if you
have no idea what you're doing and when
you sign up for a year they'll give you
a domain name for free plus if you type
in test-tube at checkout you'll get an
extra 10% off Squarespace you should
even without the influence of Donald
Trump the Republican Party has been in
the process of splitting in half for the
past few years learn about the GOP
struggles in our video here during the
election and presidency of George W Bush
these two bases were still able to work
together Bush ideologically appealed to
far-right voters while passing policy
decisions influenced by political
insiders like Dick Cheney but that
changed in 2008 the Republican nominee
John McCain
was a decidedly moderate Republican some
say that his inability to address the
far-right contributed to President
Barack Obama's victory don't forget to
subscribe for new videos from us every
day and to help us get closer to the 1
million subscriber milestone thanks so
much to all of you who are watching and
we will see
next time
