in early 2016 alphabet Google's recently
rebranded parent company became the
biggest publicly traded company in the
world worth more than half a trillion
dollars so we wanted to know what are
some of the other biggest companies in
the world well according to the Fortune
Global 500 list the biggest publicly
reported company in the world by revenue
is none other than Walmart in 2015 they
reportedly brought in nearly four
hundred and eighty six billion dollars
roughly six and a half times more than
alphabets Google did that's about the
same GDP as the entire country of Norway
and would rank Walmart as the 27th
largest economy in the world Walmart is
also the single largest private employer
in both the United States and Mexico
with 1.4 million employees in the u.s.
that's about the same number as active
duty personnel in the US military the
walton family that owns the company has
a combined net worth of roughly 149
billion dollars making them the richest
family in america the next five largest
companies in the world are petroleum
refiners these are China's Sinopec group
Royal Dutch Shell China National
Petroleum Americas Exxon Mobil and
British Petroleum their revenues
combined equal the entire GDP of India
which at two trillion dollars is the
ninth largest in the world but the past
year of free falling oil prices has seen
all of these companies post lower
revenues than in previous years missing
from the Fortune Global 500 list is
Saudi Aramco as they do not fully
disclose their worth or revenue however
the state-owned company is considered
the largest in the world by value which
some estimates place as high as 10
trillion dollars as the de facto leader
of OPEC and with the second-largest oil
reserves in the world Saudi Arabia's oil
company is massive but historically none
of these come close to the Dutch East
India Company was the first ever
publicly traded company worth trillions
of dollars when adjusted for inflation
it was effectively a multinational
shipping conglomerate with a monopoly on
the Dutch spice trade however they were
more of a functional government than
just a shipping service within a few
decades they were able to operate a
military fight in wars try and execute
prisoners and they even had their own
coinage system after nearly 200
years of operation changes in shipping
needs and widespread corruption led to
the company's downfall it's actually
harder than it may seem to evaluate the
biggest companies in the world
some dominate by their massive revenues
or huge market value others are obvious
frontrunner and new technologies or
necessary commodities like energy but in
the future as companies continue to
consolidate massive conglomerates are
likely to only get larger if you're
looking to start your own company you're
going to need a good website luckily for
you this episode is brought to you by
our friends at Squarespace they can help
you build a unique website they'll give
you a free domain name when you sign up
for a year and if you type test-tube at
checkout you'll get an extra 10% off
Squarespace you should companies
obviously don't have to be big to be
incredibly powerful check out our
playlist to learn more about the
strengths of different companies
including Facebook during the Arab
Spring millions of people used Facebook
to organize and share information it has
influenced American politics with many
pointing to President Obama's use of
Facebook as one of the reasons for
cornering the youth vote it even helps
companies interact directly with
consumers and collect information on how
best to serve them thanks for watching
test-tube news everyone don't forget to
hit that subscribe button there to watch
new videos from us every day
