in early 2016 peace talks between the
Syrian regime of Bashar al-assad and the
United Nations began and were almost
immediately paused other Russian and
American leaders later reached an
agreement to seek an end to hostilities
many say that the talks are doomed to
fail the continued fighting between Isis
the Kurds anti-assad rebels and the
Syrian government have torn Syria apart
so we wanted to know what would happen
to Syria if it became a failed state
well functional and stable governments
tend to have several important
qualifications they're able to control
their territory make collective
decisions that affect their citizens
provide reasonable public services and
effectively interact with neighboring
governments they also must have what's
called a monopoly on the legitimate use
of violence this means that only the
police or similarly designated
enforcement officials are allowed and
able to wield violent force in the state
however Syria fulfils nearly none of
these requirements much of their
territory has been lost to Isis and
rebel forces government control across
the country is largely non-existent and
the Syrian government has far from a
monopoly on force all of these factors
are represented in the fragile states
index published by The Washington DC
nonprofit fund for peace countries are
organized from being very sustainable
meaning no threat of collapse to very
high alert which covers countries that
have already effectively collapsed Syria
ranks as the eighth most unstable
country in the world categorized under
high alert
Syria has seen the second highest
increase in critical instability only
surpassed by the nearly collapsed and
ineffective government of Libya so what
does a failed state look like well
according to the fund for peace failed
states see widespread crime and
corruption alongside severe persecution
and human rights abuses without a
functional government the country is
unable to collect taxes and there's a
huge economic decline
there's also mass displacement and
migration the number one country on the
list of fragile states is South Sudan
which is representative of all these
qualities the situation is so bad that
in 2015 the United
and Human Rights monitors to investigate
allegations of mass gang rape killing of
civilians the use of child soldiers and
burning young girls alive despite having
significant oil reserves the country has
next to no GDP and roughly four million
citizens live in absolute poverty the
South Sudanese conflict has killed
thousands and displaced more than a
million people but in Syria the growing
threat of Isis and other instability
factors have kept the country on the
brink of collapse and many say that if
peace talks officially fail there's no
plan B although the situation is dire
worth more than a quarter million
already killed in the Syrian civil war a
failed state would decimate the region
entirely so how did this all begin what
caused Syria to fall apart and collapse
into a civil war check out this video to
learn about Bashar al-assad's regime and
how it contributed to the downfall of
Syria by 2011 when much of the Arab
world was revolting during the Arab
Spring Assad authorized the release of a
significant number of terrorist leaders
from prison these terrorists would soon
after regrouped to form Isis this
coupled with violent crackdowns on
protesters turned the Arab Spring into
an armed rebellion by the Syrian
opposition thanks for watching test-tube
news make sure to LIKE and subscribe for
new videos every day
