by late December of 2015 more than 1
million migrants and refugees had
entered Europe this wave of people
predominantly from the Middle East in
North Africa has elicited a strong
reaction from many Europeans
nationalists and right-wing groups have
been gaining popularity and reports of
mass sexual assault and violence by
foreign nationals has Europe's leaders
scrambling in recent months countries
known for liberal values have taken
drastic steps to curb the influx of new
migrants so what extreme measures are EU
countries taking to keep migrants out
well for decades the EU has notably
allowed free travel between a majority
of its member countries this region of
unrestricted borders is called the
Schengen area but as migrants have
entered the EU many have run afoul of
the Dublin regulation which says that
asylum seekers must apply for asylum in
the first country they arrived however
many have continued on traveling to
Germany and Sweden in late January 2016
the EU threatened to suspend Greece from
the Schengen area entirely citing
Greece's inability to effectively filter
incoming asylum seekers a number of
Schengen participating countries
including Austria Denmark France Germany
Norway and Sweden have already enacted
border controls this crisis has many
wondering if a borderless Europe will
soon be a thing of the past in
particular Germany has faced
considerable criticism for Chancellor
Angela Merkel's refusal to cap the
number of migrants however Germany and a
number of other countries have begun
deportation whether to home countries or
simply neighboring European countries
migrants predominantly from Afghanistan
Morocco and Algeria have been sent to
Austria from Germany at a rate of
roughly 200 per day over the course of
Sweden has prepared to expel an
estimated 80,000 asylum seekers based on
a rejection rate of about 45% there have
also been plans to send seafaring
migrants back to Turkey as they arrive
in Greece but Turkey has only agreed to
accept returned migrants on the
condition that the EU accept up to a
quarter of a million migrants per year
but besides border control and
deportation some countries have turned
to more aggressive and in some ways
disturbing practices in an effort to
deter asylum seekers down
marks Parliament recently approved the
confiscation of valuables from incoming
refugees for those seeking entry any
cash over roughly $1,500 would be taken
to cover the cost of food and lodging in
the asylum process some have likened
this to similar actions by Nazi Germany
which took Jewish belongings during
World War two in Great Britain a private
company in charge of caring for asylum
seekers recently cancelled a plan to
make refugees wear coloured wristbands
in order to receive food this drew
comparisons to Jews having to wear
armbands identifying them as such while
some actions by European countries are
understandable in the wake of unexpected
mass migration there is no question that
European Middle Eastern and North
African leaders need to find a working
solution until they do both migrants and
European residents will continue
clashing and suffering from this
unprecedented crisis the migrant crisis
is splitting up thousands of families
across Europe if you're interested in a
more personal look watch this mini
documentary I did with fusion about two
refugee brothers separated from each
other and their families you can also
watch another test-tube news video about
what role the EU has had in the migrant
crisis thanks for watching test-tube
news make sure to LIKE and subscribe for
new videos every day
