South Korea is holding its second
Olympic Games ever and there's been a
lot of conversations going on just about
how much North Korea will be involved in
the games given the North's recent
nuclear tests and just the overall
rising tensions on the Korean Peninsula
things have surprisingly been going
pretty well not only have the North
Koreans decided not to boycott the games
they've also let their athletes march
under a unified flag with South Korea so
at this moment it seems like diplomacy
might be working but what would you say
if I told you the last time South Korea
hosted the Olympics things were not this
calm
hey guys I'm Judah this is now this
world and in this episode I want to tell
you the story of the last time South
Korea hosted the Olympics and more
importantly the chaos that surrounded
him it all started in 1981 when the
International Olympic Committee or the
IOC unexpectedly chose South Korea to
host the 1988 Summer Games it was a big
deal because at the time the country was
dealing with severe political and
economic instability military generals
ruled the country and frankly it was
still reeling in the aftermath of its
separation with the north following the
Korean War neither if the Koreas were
even members of the United Nations at
this point the announcement was seen by
many as South Korea's coming-out party
to the international stage and the North
wasn't happy they complained to the IOC
demanding they had the right to co-host
the Summer Games but the south wasn't
having that over the next few years
multiple attempts at negotiations would
take place and then break down the IOC
wound up eventually offering the north a
chance to host six sporting events as a
concession but because the offer didn't
include any other of North Korea's
demands they ultimately decided to
boycott the entire event but those
negotiations weren't the only point of
tension between the two nations during
this time period
far from it actually though there had
been rising tensions since the
announcement that South Korea would host
the event things took a violent turn in
1983 South Korea's president and nearly
half of his entire cabinet were in Burma
on a state visit the officials were
taking part in a wreath-laying ceremony
at a monument dedicated to the country's
founder as the ceremony began three
explosive devices detonated the attack
killed at least 19 people including six
high-ranking South Korean officials
according to now declassified CIA
reports the attack was allegedly meant
to assassinate the South Korean
president and although North Korea
denied the attack the CIA gathered
information that they claimed implicated
North Korea
there were even other governments that
believe the former North Korean leader
Kim jong-il was the mastermind behind
the attack but this wasn't even the most
shocking or deadliest attack reportedly
committed by North Korea which brings us
to 1987 just 10 months before the games
were set to take place in Seoul on
November 29th 1987 soulbound Korean
Airlines flight 8 5 8 blew up near Burma
killing all 150 people on board the
incident shocked the world but what was
even more shocking was that it wasn't an
accident the culprits were two highly
trained North Korean spies one man and
one woman according to one of the
captured perpetrators they boarded the
plane in Baghdad Iraq pretending to be
Japanese citizens with a time bomb
disguised as a small clock they then got
off the plane during a layover in Abu
Dhabi but left the bomb on board the
device detonated while the plane was
over the Andaman Sea near Burma after
the explosion the two spies were caught
and detained in Bahrain they both
attempted to ingest cyanide to kill
themselves but only the male spied on
the chemical the woman Kim Jong he
failed in her attempt and later
confessed to being a North Korean spy
she said the mission was to make Seoul
seem unsafe for tourists during the
upcoming Olympics she was charged with
murder and sentenced to die for her
crime but was later pardoned in South
Korea for being brainwashed into
committing the crime by North Korean
leadership after her pardon she's become
an outspoken advocate against the North
Korean regime
Kim Hyung he still lives to this day in
an undisclosed location in South Korea
because she fears she'll be killed if
North Korea finds out where she is this
all brings us back to today and the
current Olympics even though North Korea
makes the headlines nearly every day and
war seems all but inevitable it's
important to realize that things have
been and could be much worse yes
tensions are high but diplomacy also
seems to be working in certain cases
things that once seemed unimaginable are
now happening just look at the recent
visit to South Korea by Kim Jong
sister not only did she attend the games
but she even met the South Korean
president that's a huge deal because
she's the first immediate member of the
North Korean ruling family to even visit
the South so even though these two
countries are still technically at war
they've managed to come together at
least for these games so what do you
guys think could the latest Olympic
Games be a starting point for the
reunification of the Koreas let me know
what you think in the comments below and
as always thanks for watching now this
world and please don't forget to Like
and subscribe for more every week
