a well-regulated militia being necessary
to the security of a free State the
right of the people to keep and bear
arms shall not be infringed this is the
complete unabridged text of the Second
Amendment as much as it's brought up in
the ongoing and heated gun control
debate it seems like it would be more
than 27 words but it's not and therein
lies the problem in a lot of ways the
fight over the Second Amendment has
become a fight over interpretations
semantics and even punctuation some
people claim that the Second Amendment
applies only to state militias which for
the record don't really exist today and
the way they did in the 18th century
others argue that it gives rights to
both militias and individuals
historically the Supreme Court has cited
more with the only militias side of the
argument but in 2008 they changed their
tune thanks partly to one single comma
this one it all stems from the 1975
firearms control regulations Act which
banned Washington DC residents from
owning most guns gun advocates
continually challenged that law and the
debate worked its way up to the courts
in the end the Supreme Court agreed that
have violated the Second Amendment and
it all came back to that comma Justice
Scalia who delivered the opinion of the
court agreed with others before him that
the second comma divides the sentence
into two unique thoughts first that a
well-regulated militia is necessary to
the Free State and second that the
rights of the people to keep and bear
arms should not be infringed he went on
to say that part one informs part two
that we need gun rights because militias
are necessary Scalia did recognize the
amendments unique grammatical structure
and he offered his own rewrite to try
and clear things up because a
well-regulated militia is necessary to
the security of a free State the right
of the people to keep and bear Arms
shall not be infringed
this became the official legal
interpretation of the Second Amendment
but that doesn't mean it's universally
accepted many people still believe that
the amendment refers only to state
militias they argue that the crux of the
sentence is a well-regulated militia
shall not be infringed and that arms are
the right of an organized citizen
military group not the people so what
about that comma
well many grammar experts and historians
say that's just how people wrote back
then they put commas everywhere the 18th
century was essentially the Wild West of
punctuation and in fact many scholars
say that this third comma it's
completely pointless and misplaced it's
a well-known fact that as smart as the
founding fathers were the Constitution
is full of grammatical errors but the
debate is about even more than that both
sides have debated the definition of the
terms bear arms and well-regulated the
capitalization of words even differ from
copied a copy of the Constitution in the
end it's clear that the US Constitution
is an important piece of world history
but that doesn't mean as a perfect
document and this is maybe why the
country is so divided on the gun issue
it all goes back to a grammatically
incorrect run-on sentence written by men
who cannot be called upon to clarify
what they meant to say because where
America stands now there are two
diametrically opposed groups of experts
on each side there are linguists
historians lawyers scholars very smart
people they're both looking at the same
27 words and they're both seeing two
completely different things in short
some see the rabbit while others see the
duck
