On January 7th 1999 the impeachment
trial of President Bill Clinton began it
was a third time in the history of the
United States that a president was a
part of impeachment proceedings but
besides the potential to be removed from
the presidency many people then and now
are confused as to the actual meaning of
the term with calls to impeach President
Obama coming from conservatives for the
entirety of his two terms we thought we
take a look at what it means to impeach
a president
what exactly is impeachment well off the
bat it may sound like impeaching the
president means removing him from office
but in fact that is only the end result
of the impeachment process impeachment
is simply the process by which legal
charges are pressed against a
non-military member of the government
this is effectively a high-level
indictment and is the first step on an
impeachment trial according to article 2
of the US Constitution all civil
officers including the president and
vice president shall be removed from
office if they are impeach and the trial
finds him guilty the Constitution lists
treason bribery and other high crimes
and misdemeanors furthermore only the
House of Representatives is allowed to
bring impeachment charges which is
followed by a trial in the Senate the
first president to face impeachment was
Andrew Johnson in 1868 Johnson had taken
over the presidency after Lincoln was
assassinated Congress passed the tenure
of office Act which prevented the
president from removing a member of his
cabinet without Senate approval
believing the Act was unconstitutional
Johnson relieved his Secretary of War
and replaced him with Ulysses as grant
three days later the House voted 126 to
47 to go ahead and impeach the president
for 11 high crimes and misdemeanors
primarily focused on violation of the
Act
but in order for a president to actually
be removed from office the Constitution
requires that at least two-thirds of the
Senate vote to convict Johnson's
presidency was saved by a single vote
and he ultimately stayed in office the
second ever attempted impeachment was in
July 1974 against President Richard
Nixon Nixon tried to cover up a break-in
at the Democratic National Committee's
headquarters in a scandal known as
Watergate Nixon and his team refused to
allow in-depth investigations and the
press
it soon saw himself facing a number of
allegations including tax fraud many
likely including Nixon saw that if the
House voted for his impeachment then he
would certainly end up being convicted
so just after the House Judiciary
Committee approved his impeachment but
before it was voted on by the House of
Representatives President Nixon resigned
on August 9th 1974 similarly to
President Johnson President Clinton was
ultimately impeached but not found
guilty the trial became widely known for
Clinton's evasive and untruthful
statements such as I did not have sexual
relations with that woman
and questioning the definition of the
word is in the end no president has ever
been removed from office after being
impeached and really impeachment isn't
the worst thing that can happen during
the crafting of the Constitution
Benjamin Franklin said that most
unpopular heads of state are removed
from office by being assassinated and
that perhaps there should be a
procedural method of removal instead so
there you have it
impeachment regardless of how many
conservatives asked for Obama to be
impeach given this is his last year as
president he actually has nothing to
lose when it comes to pushing
controversial legislation find out more
in our video here a lame-duck is an
elected official who won't be re-elected
to office but still must serve out the
remainder of their term the label
applies to any second term president but
is especially relevant after an opposing
candidate wins the election from that
time until the new candidate takes over
in January a lame-duck president has
just a few months to wrap up their plan
thanks for watching test-tube news don't
forget to subscribe to our channel so
you don't miss out on new videos thanks
guys
