in 2015 US military spending accounted
for roughly 600 billion dollars and more
than half of federal discretionary
spending unsurprisingly a huge portion
of this budget goes towards researching
and developing new weapons tanks planes
another very big and very expensive
projects so we wanted to look at some of
the most expensive military mega
projects of all time it's easy to start
with world war 2 that was the most
expensive war in US history with a price
tag of roughly 4 trillion dollars
adjusted for inflation but in fact the
most costly project at the time was
proposed by Nazi Germany a giant 2,000
mile long wall of defense running along
the Atlantic coast that was meant to
protect all of occupied Europe from
Allied invasion it reached from the top
of Scandinavia all the way down to the
French Spanish border and used enough
steel to build 20,000 tanks although
total costs for the project is unknown
just the portion covering France was
estimated to cost two hundred billion
dollars adjusted for inflation then
there is a more modern American
intercontinental ballistic missile
system as a threat of nuclear
annihilation from countries like North
Korea remains a constant threat the US
has designed missiles to intercept
nuclear weapons as they're enroute it is
one of the USA's most valued projects
and yet despite nearly 300 billion
dollars in investments the system still
doesn't reliably shoot down moving
targets another huge chunk of American
military money goes to maintaining its
naval fleet one of their most advanced
ships is the ddg-51 guided missile
destroyer
it has anti-air anti-submarine and anti
surface capabilities and its development
was reported to cost eighty seven point
three billion dollars in total another
Navy ship the USS Gerald Ford is the
most expensive super carrier ever built
running at thirteen billion dollars the
carrier is so futuristic that it uses an
electromagnetic field to catapult
fighter jets into the sky but neither of
these expensive projects come close to
rivaling the f-35 program in 2001 the
Pentagon agreed to buy 2,500 new f-35
fighter jets over the past decade and a
half the cost of the program has
ballooned to over 400 billion dollars
some
it's even say that the lifetime total
cost could be one and a half trillion
dollars but as of now it is already the
USA's most expensive military mega
project of all time even the helmets for
the Jets cost a half a million dollars
each
but most ironically the f-35 program has
been criticized since its inception and
is now considered outdated ineffective
and entirely too expensive but don't
worry there is no doubt that the US or
another country will far surpass these
current and past projects military
spending has skyrocketed and the
military-industrial complex suggests
that billions and trillions more are on
the table on the upside that probably
means the coming of space weapons to
learn more about the most expensive mega
projects in the world watch our video
here with revenue from the largest oil
reserves in the Middle East Saudi Arabia
is currently in the process of building
the tallest skyscraper in the world the
Kingdom Tower is expected to cost an
incredible 1.2 billion dollars thanks
for watching test-tube news don't forget
to Like and subscribe so you don't miss
out on you videos
