in Thailand a 27 year old man is facing
more than 30 years in prison after
allegedly mocking the king's dog over
Facebook the country which last year saw
military coup d'etat overthrow
democratic rule has dulled out decades
of jail time for the crime of insulting
the monarchy others have been arrested
for blogging and even just sharing
negative information but Thailand is far
from the only country to still prosecute
anti-government speech so where is it
illegal to insult the government well
the concept of illegal offense against a
sovereign ruler is known as less majesty
which originally comes from latin
meaning to injure greatness at a time
when kings were considered divinely
appointed this was along the same lines
as blasphemy however as monarchies have
become largely symbolic and vestigial
criminalizing insults has become less
frequent around the world still in some
countries it's worse than ever
besides Thailand Malaysia has
surprisingly strict punishments for
those who insult their King with one
woman in 2013 being arrested
under a 1948 sedition law for posting
insults on Facebook this law prohibits
speech that could be considered to
undermine the government and has been
used to prosecute monarchy insults in
the past many middle-eastern countries
and their neighbors have some form of
government directed censorship including
Bahrain Iran Jordan Kuwait Lebanon and
Turkey among others in fact article 301
of the Turkish Penal Code makes it
illegal to insult the country of Turkey
or any government institutions and until
2008 it was illegal to insult
Turkishness in general in Morocco
despite adopting a constitution in 2011
protecting free speech a student was
sentenced to three years in prison
he said negative things about the king
in a discussion that was then posted to
YouTube other African countries have
similar laws including Zimbabwe Cameroon
and Zambia in fact in 2007 a copper
miner in Zambia was arrested for joking
about the country's president with his
coworkers another man a journalist went
to trial for writing a negative article
about the president but perhaps the most
surprising part of the world to still
prosecute people for their anti monarchy
speech is Europe Italy directly
prohibits insulting the president as
well as religion one journalist won his
appeal
a potential five-year prison sentence
for calling the president unworthy
Poland criminalizes not only insults
against the president but against
foreign heads of state as well in 2005
28 Polish protesters were reportedly
arrested for organizing against Russian
President Vladimir Putin and the
following year a 45 year old man was
reportedly arrested for farting when
told to show the president respect other
European countries like Denmark the
Netherlands Norway Spain and France all
have active laws preventing criticism of
the government really even though
monarchies of long lost their
infallibility national pride is taken
very seriously in many countries but
being legally forced to treat a head of
state with dignity and respect is a
remnant of a somewhat religious and
outdated authoritarian system rule but
while we don't have God Kings anymore
there are still many countries looking
for reasons to crack down on dissent
even in this day and age monarchies do
still exist watch our video to find out
which countries still have kings and
queens in total there are 30 the vast
majority are part of constitutional
monarchies and largely act as ceremonial
figureheads but who cares about them
right where our real Game of Thrones
style kings the ones with absolute power
and blood rights to the throne you win
or you die well Saudi Arabia's King has
almost absolute power he has to follow
Sharia law and take advice from a
Council of other family members thanks
for watching test-tube news make sure to
LIKE and subscribe for new videos every
day
