in the wake of numerous mass shootings
u.s. presidential candidates have been
quick to politicize the issue with many
calling for stricter or looser gun
control regulations
despite generally agreeing along party
lines each candidate has her own
interpretation of what can be done to
decrease the number of shootings so we
wanted to know what do the Republican
candidates think about gun control well
across the board each candidate has
expressed overwhelming support for the
Second Amendment specifically there is
an open distrust of the government and
congressional Democrats in crafting any
new gun legislation they distinctly
oppose gun control on principle but when
it comes to the specifics of who can and
cannot own a gun there is actually
considerable dissent among the
candidates it is broadly acknowledged
that there are certain people for
example criminals and the mentally ill
who should be barred from owning guns
chris Christie has advocated for and
passed bills creating more comprehensive
background checks which include mental
health records on the other hand Rand
Paul and Ted Cruz once threatened to
filibuster a similar federal bill and
clarified that guns should only be
available to responsible law-abiding
citizens Marco Rubio has avoided the
question of expanding background checks
instead suggesting that current laws
already addressed the issue he has said
that increased checks would not have
prevented the terror attack in
California and that the real issue is
violence not guns
chris Christie actually makes the same
point of addressing violence over guns
but Christie is actually one of the few
candidates to support certain forms of
gun control his state New Jersey already
has a ban on assault weapons Christie
does maintain that his city has too many
handguns and supports gun control to
protect police officers ben Carson
echoes this idea saying that
semi-automatic weapons should be limited
in cities but allowed in the countryside
the actual method of firearm enforcement
is also a contentious topic the ability
of people on the no-fly list to purchase
weapons was brought up to Carly Fiorina
in 2010 which she opposed on the basis
that the list is poorly maintained
others like ben Carson have said that
registering gun owners simply allows the
government to take your gun
as for Donald Trump well Trump used to
be a big supporter of gun control and
wrote about it extensively in his 2000
book the America we deserve but this
election cycle has seen him Kasich and
others to cry assault weapon bans as
failures and like Jeb Bush Trump now
believes that expanded background checks
are a bad idea still Trump once agreed
with Democrats that high gun ownership
was the reason for a high murder rate an
idea which most candidates have mostly
avoided addressing in the context of gun
control
overall Christie Carson and until
recently Trump have expressed the most
lenient views on gun control while Bush
Kasich Cruz Paul Rubio and Fiorina have
made staunch support of the Second
Amendment a cornerstone of their
campaign what does the Republican Party
believe when it comes to guns abortion
and other hot-button issues learn about
the GOP stances in this video to start
the Republican Party calls itself the
party of opportunity referring to the
idea that in the u.s. there should be
equal pursuit of opportunity for all to
achieve this end they believe there
should be limited government
interference in daily life as it leads
to a better functioning state thanks for
watching make sure to LIKE and subscribe
so you don't miss out on our new videos
