following terror attacks in France in
the US presidential hopeful Donald Trump
called for Muslims to be barred from
entering the United States
this form of controversial rhetoric has
been a consistent theme during the Trump
campaign some including jeb Bush's
national security adviser are suggesting
that his political ideology resembles
fascism so we wanted to know is Donald
Trump actually a fascist well the
problem with identifying the fascist is
that the label is applied to a huge
number of differing political theories
it was actually Italy's Benito Mussolini
who's considered the founder of fascism
in a nutshell the ideology is based on
strengthening the country through
extreme nationalism a powerful leader
and the exclusion of weaker groups an
essay by Italian philosopher Umberto Eco
distinguishes 14 characteristics which
are found in fascism and which have been
the subject of accusations against
Donald Trump
HECO says that fascism relies on a cult
of tradition while rejecting modernism
in many ways new ideas are seen as the
beginning of modern depravity and with a
breakdown in moral and traditional order
comes chaos
it's then unsurprising that even from
slogan make America great again plays in
line with traditionalism and his fear of
things like the Internet speaks to the
fascist fear of modern depravity another
hallmark of fascism is anti
intellectualism in this way
knowledgeable criticism is not only
ignored but ridiculed Trump says that he
is very smart but he has also suggested
that knowing things doesn't make you a
good leader further characteristics are
based on the idea that dissent and
diversity are bad and they weaken
discourse in society almost by
definition echo says that fascism is
racist or at the very least anti
diversity Trump's rampant xenophobia
within which he proposes deporting 11
million immigrants and blocking entry to
the u.s. for Muslims is an open appeal
to extreme nationalism in his
presidential announcement speech Trump
latched on to another important fascist
quality enemies of the state are defined
as being strong and needlessly wealthy
at the same time they're able to be
brought down by a heroic charismatic
leader for Trump this enemy is China
and heat is that
there are even more subtle aspects of
Trump's rhetoric and campaign which
reflect fascist attitudes of machismo
and sexually demeaning mores the way
Trump speaks to and about women as well
as in relation to other men illustrates
these thoughts but perhaps the most
identifiable aspect is what is called
the big lie the concept of Newspeak are
using language and discourse to support
lies and half-truths
despite being regularly called out as
lying trump simply denies the
allegations he usually attacks the
source of the accusation and often the
media in general still some say that
Trump isn't necessarily a fascist but
rather an opportunist
Trump's lack of ideological direction
suggests that a vocal portion of the US
public is calling for a fascist
candidate and Trump has simply filled
that role the scariest thought isn't
that Trump is a fascist but that
American voters want me for a deep dive
into the history of fascism and it's
different definitions watch our video
often this nationalism includes the
concept of racial or cultural purity as
a method of weeding out weakness Hitler
used this to paint Jews and other groups
as not being part of a pure Aryan race
and thus worthy of being eliminated
thanks for watching don't forget to Like
and subscribe for new videos every day
