at least 355 mass shootings have
occurred in the United States in 2015
that's more than one everyday with the
most recent as of this taping claiming
14 lives in San Bernardino California
after every major shooting tragedy the
bulk of the conversation is focused on
gun control with many blaming President
Barack Obama for either doing too much
or not enough
so can President Obama actually stop gun
violence well debates on how to stop
mass shootings tend to either call for
the elimination of guns or the promotion
of gun rights in either case the only
method to change the current legal
situation is by passing and enforcing
new laws however the president's scope
within the US government's separation of
powers severely limits his ability to
single handedly change the law article 1
section 7 of the Constitution allows the
President to pass or block legislation
however the job of crafting new laws is
within the purview of Congress despite
the president's speeches calling for gun
control he cannot actually implement new
laws by himself he can of course attempt
to influence Congress but the past two
terms have shown that President Obama
has very little power over congressional
opinion there is the possibility of the
president passing an executive order to
bypass Congress executive orders are
effectively laws which do not need
congressional approval
president Obama has actually passed more
than 200 already
although Ronald Reagan passed nearly 400
and FDR passed three and a half thousand
but executive orders are not infallible
decrease they are subject to strict
review by the third branch of government
the federal judiciary perhaps most
importantly they must still follow the
Constitution President Obama has already
passed 23 executive actions in support
of gun control
however these carry no legal weight and
are not treated the same as executive
orders without the approval and support
of the other two branches of government
the president's powers are actually very
limited while President Obama has
extraordinary influence over US law he
is not a king or a dictator but even
though Obama doesn't control Congress
United States citizenry does if you want
to affect change in politics and you
live in the United States then write a
letter send an email or make a phone
call to your congressional
representative and of course don't
forget to vote ideally US citizens would
live in a country free of gun violence
and mass shootings for now the United
States has more mass shootings than any
other developed country why is this
learn more in our video at the top while
President Obama may not be able to Stop
gun violence he certainly has the
freedom to do a lot in his last year
learn more about that in the video at
the bottom thanks for watching test-tube
news everyone don't forget to Like and
subscribe so you get all of our videos
every day
