just over ten years ago one of
Pakistan's most iconic leaders was
assassinated as she was preparing to run
for office her fight for democracy and
liberalisation and an extremely
conservative society inspired many
people in Pakistan and around the world
but her story isn't simply one of
progress it's also one of turmoil hey
guys I'm Judah and today we're looking
back at the life and tragic death of
Pakistan's first female Prime Minister
Benazir Bhutto Benazir was born into a
politically active family in Karachi
her grandfather was a feudal lord that
helped pave the way for Pakistan to
become an autonomous state for South
Asian Muslims her father Sufi kar Bhutto
served as president of Pakistan and in
1973 became the nation's first
democratically elected prime minister so
behnazir was exposed to the world of
politics from a very early age in
college she went on to study government
and law at Harvard and Oxford this is
where she began shaping her own world
view one that focused on democratic
principles liberalisation and women's
rights
after graduating from Oxford in 1977
behnazir returned home to Pakistan her
father was still Prime Minister but not
for long in July of that year a military
general mohammad zio hook who was
appointed by her father staged a coup
and declared martial law he placed the
l-fiqar Bhutto under arrest and his
family under house arrest the military
action would later be referred to as
Operation Fairplay the general became
president and by many accounts turned
the government into a brutal military
dictatorship in 1979 things got even
worse the former prime minister Bhutto
was convicted of ordering the murder of
his political opponents accusations his
party and family still deny he was
hanged by the government in April of
behnazir 26 years old at the time and
her mother both continued to fight for
democracy after his death but it'll be a
long fought battle her mother became the
new leader of the Pakistan Peoples Party
they focus their attention on calling
out the military government while
creating their own political platform we
would naturally take measures
socio-economic measures which we feel
would be for the well-being of our
people
some trait on economics we will
concentrate on literacy and we were
trying to mend and make we try to mend a
mistake for the military regime and
build bridges which can take our people
on to a better society a happier society
where one where their fundamental human
rights and a person has self-respect and
in 1984 after being detained several
times
behnazir returned to the United Kingdom
where she became the party's leader and
exile two years later she returned to
Pakistan with clear goals in mind she
wanted the dictatorship that killed her
father to come to an end and she wanted
free and fair elections to take place in
Pakistan
she began campaigning for nationwide
elections that year as this was all
happening in late 1987 she agreed to an
arranged marriage to a see velizar Gauri
and she stayed on the campaign trail
then in August 1988 months before
elections were held a mysterious plane
crash killed the nation's dictator
General Mohammad Zuma the unexpected
event paved the way for the popular PPP
to rise to power the group's elected
Benazir to become the nation's next
prime minister
the move was historic she became not
only the first female leader of Pakistan
but the first elected female leader of a
Muslim nation anywhere her party
promised to run the country on socialist
principles and to improve the lives of
women by repealing laws that restricted
their freedom but as Benazir quickly
learned gaining power and being in power
were two different challenges although
her party won a majority of seats in
parliament they still faced a
significant conservative opposition that
made legislative moves difficult her
government wasn't able to pass any
legislation in the first fourteen months
in office other than a budget on top of
not being able to deliver on her
campaign promises her party's
government's stank of corruption
scandals after coming to power one of
the PPP's first acts was to bribe and
threaten legislators in Punjab to target
Bhutto's main opposition nowa Sharif
Sharif was a government official who had
close ties to the former dictatorship
remember that name accusations of
corruption also swept through her
cabinet and were even made against her
husband who became known as mr. 10% for
allegedly extorting that percentage from
people seeking to do business with the
government only two years after coming
to power Bhutto's government was
dismissed by the president over alleged
rampant corruption
and her husband spent two years in
prison her opponent Nawaz Sharif who I
mentioned earlier campaigned on an
anti-corruption platform and became
prime minister after her dismissal for
the most part she managed to hold on to
her popularity even as she defended
herself from his conduct charges in
court but in 1993 she would get her
chance again Prime Minister Sharif would
be dismissed for his own corruption
scandals that year and Benazir once
again became prime minister of Pakistan
this time by a much thinner margin she
didn't have a working majority in the
parliament and again was still unable to
achieve much even in her second term she
also had to significantly raise taxes in
the country to repay its huge debt to
the International Monetary Fund the tax
increases made the public discontent
then another corruption scandal
involving her husband shook her
administration in 1996 she was dismissed
from office and Nawaz Sharif the former
prime minister became prime minister
again Bluto left Pakistan on
self-imposed exile as she faced
corruption charges in 1999 while still
away from Pakistan she was convicted in
sentenced to three years in prison
during this time another military coup
ousted Prime Minister Sharif general
pervez musharraf became the new leader
of Pakistan according to experts another
brutal dictatorship had established
itself after the September 11th attacks
in 2001 the dictatorship became an ally
to the US war on terror but as the years
went on Musharraf faced pressure from
the US and others to restore democracy
in Pakistan another opportunity had
presented itself to business year in
2007 the general signed an amnesty deal
that would allow Benazir to return to
Pakistan after more than eight years in
exile she was seen as the West's favored
candidates who restored democracy in the
country but because of her support for
the u.s. his war on terror and her
liberal positions she became a target of
extremism in the country when she
returned a suicide bomber attacked her
homecoming rally nearly a hundred and
forty people were killed in the attack
but Bhutto managed to survive Bhutto
remained defiant and continued to
campaign for democracy despite the
threat but she didn't survive too much
longer
after leaving a rally butoh emerged from
the top of her bumper vehicle to waste
of supporters moments later she was shot
at close range and then a bomb went off
she was taken to the hospital but later
died from her wounds mystery has
surrounded her death nearly a decade
later there have been many conspiracy
theories but all that we do know for
sure is that someone wanted her voice
silenced as we saw with benazir bhutto
story iconic world leaders can often
have complicated histories so what do
you think of Bhutto's legacy what impact
do you think she had on Pakistan and
even the world let me know in the pin
comment below thanks for watching now
this world and please don't forget to
Like and subscribe
