we don't really know what life is like
inside North Korea we do know that it's
ruled by this guy we know that it's the
subject of numerous insane rumors and we
know that the sealed borders prevent us
from learning much of anything else but
one thing that is becoming a little bit
more clear is the state of the Hermit
kingdoms economy one that may have been
built on the backs of smugglers and the
black market for the most part the
economy in North Korea is run by the
government that includes imports exports
and manufacturing in fact private trade
is illegal but that doesn't stop it from
happening over the last couple of
decades North Koreans have developed a
gray market or an informal economy one
that's not monitored controlled or taxed
by the government and according to one
North Korea expert its success can be
partially attributed to kim jeong-hoon
huge importance is a remarkably friendly
towards the private businesses a ghost
his father was answered he isolated from
toleration of the private economy to an
occasional support of the private
economy and then back to attempts to
eradicate private economy Kim jong-un's
policy is different it's a quite tacit
approval and encouragement and support
of the private economic activities
and if that's true if Kim jong-un really
does support more private business then
this is big news sure he still might
rule the country with Dark Age tactics
like using executions as a means to flex
his power but he is North Korea's first
leader in a long time to support an
economic system that even slightly
resembles a free market but it's not
just Kim jong-un who's helping the North
Korean economy the gray market has
origins in a flourishing black market
one that was brought upon by a
devastating famine in the mid 1990s back
then the government had a public
distribution system that gave out food
to its citizens based on political
affiliation and loyalty
the famine collapsed the system and
forced citizens to fend for themselves
insert black market here North Korean
leadership knew that they had to either
look the other way or see their people
starve
but the black market soon grew past its
origins and became a place for goods
that were illegal or unavailable this is
Kim Danby a North Korean defector who
started working in the black market at
the age of 13 helping smuggle in items
from China the products are usually
smuggled were the ones that everyone can
use
I would illegally import an electronic
goods like television sets refrigerators
rice cookers I also smuggled cosmetics
face masks and clothes that women like
in even needles and hair extensions
this was the groundwork for today's
North Korean gray market which in turn
may be laying the groundwork for an
actual private sector this is an economy
that went from Kim Jong Il parceling out
meagre food rations to the opening of a
department store in Pyongyang in 2010
shelves stocked high with imported goods
priced only in US dollars no one knows
for sure where North Korea's economy
will go from here but they seem to be
tiptoeing towards a free market which
could ultimately lead to looser borders
but for now those borders remain very
much closed the country is still cloaked
in wild rumors and this guy is still in
charge yes he may support the gray
economy and yes he may be more
economically progressive than his father
or grandfather but he is still an
unpredictable leader who may have just
executed a military general for falling
asleep in a meeting so really who can
tell what lies ahead for North Korea its
economy or its people hey if you enjoyed
this video head over to seeker stories
for more narrative videos and mini
documentaries about social issues
politics and more check out this one
about how gentrification is changing the
face of London and how it caused a riot
to break out over a bowl of cereal
imagine walking down a street at night
in one of the most vibrant cities in the
world only to find it's eerily quiet
there are no lights on in the houses
because well nobody's home thanks for
watching test-tube and seeker stories
make sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos
