a recent Q&A with Tibet's top official
revealed that the Chinese Communist
Party was seeking to severely punish
those who don't share the government's
beliefs and ideals now although this
message is nothing new for the
repressive Chinese government the threat
was particularly directed at the
followers of the Dali Lama tensions
between China and the religious figure
have long been the primary source of
conflict in the Tibetan region so we
wanted to know just why does China hate
the Dali Lama well their main problem is
that Tibet currently stands as an
autonomous region of China this
effectively means that it has some form
of self-rule but it is ultimately under
China's suzerainty in 1965 the communist
government officially established this
dependency having forced Tibetan leaders
to sign away the country's independence
in exchange for guaranteed autonomy but
in the years since this relationship has
proven incredibly tricky Tibetans view
themselves as culturally distinct having
developed their own society over
thousands of years even their language
is more closely related to that of
neighboring Myanmar than it is to China
as a result Tibet has long demanded full
independence the current Dalai Lama
according to Tibetan Buddhist beliefs is
the 14th incarnation of the region's
spiritual and political leader as such
he is considered to represent the
Tibetan independence movement this is
despite the fact that he himself has
rejected the idea of full independence
and has simply advocated for greater
self autonomy unfortunately his ideas
and massive following have not been
taken lightly by China in 1959 he was
forced into exile in India just a few
years after the Chinese occupation of
Tibet the Dalai Lama's pro-independence
following is a massive problem for China
which sees any deviation from government
plans as disastrous this situation is
all the more complicated by the Dalai
Lama's religious influence although
China's Constitution does guarantee
religious freedom their track record on
the topic has been fraught with human
rights abuses just last year numerous
Muslim ethnic minorities living in
another Autonomous Region were arrested
and oppressed due to their beliefs
unsurprisingly one of the tenets of
China's Communist Party is a
the Dalai Lama also represents in East
versus West abide which has come to
color many of China's anti-us sentiments
much of the Western world supports the
Dalai Lama who has met with multiple US
presidents and was even awarded the
Nobel Peace Prize in 1989 clearly China
hates the Dalai Lama because he
threatens with China sees as the
rightful control over Tibet
meanwhile Tibet population has used the
exiled spiritual leader as the face of
their independence movement in China's
eye squashing the Dalai Lama and his
followers would end the movement in fact
the PRC has claimed that all Tibetan
independence movements are actually
western-backed imperialists attempts to
destroy China it seems unlikely that
either side is willing to compromise and
we may just see continued government
oppression Tibet is not China's only
autonomous region though find out more
about the others in our video here the
local Muslim Uighur population sees
Chinese control as an illegal occupation
of their long-held territory in addition
the Chinese have implemented
restrictions on Islamic practices and
put tight controls on religious schools
thanks for tuning in to tested news be
sure to subscribe to our channel if you
haven't done so already
you
