hi I'm Jose with test-tube news
and I'm Jackie with newsy news did you
ever wonder what are America's biggest
fears well in October 2015
Chapman University released their annual
list of America's greatest fears
turns out America has a lot of fears
ranging from clown zombies and ghosts to
more serious arguably legitimate
concerns famed political commentator
Noam Chomsky has said that America is an
unusually frightened country compared to
the rest of the world so we wanted to
know what are America's biggest fears
well most of the us's fears fall into
specific categories on average the most
feared topic is man-made disasters of
those unsurprisingly
the first is terrorism more than 44
percent of respondents reported being
afraid or very afraid of terrorist
attacks but as a matter of fact the rate
of terrorist attacks has been steadily
dropping since the 1970s with the main
exceptions being the September 11th
attacks and more recently the 2013
Boston Marathon bombing along the same
lines Americans are terrified of a
possibility of bio warfare but actually
aside from the 2001 anthrax attack we're
live spores were sent through the mail
killing five people the greatest use of
biological agents on US soil
has been by the US government in 1977
the US Army revealed that from 1949 to
1969 the military conducted more than
200 tests releasing simulated toxins in
a number of major cities these tests
were suspected to have caused at least
one death and 10 hospitalizations but
perhaps the most likely man-made
disaster is when we've recently
experienced economic collapse in 2008
the global recession caused a 777 point
drop in the US stock market the largest
in US history even though the economy
has significantly recovered a number of
factors that caused the original
collapse are still plaguing the u.s.
such as too big to fail banks and
derivatives trading after man-made
disasters Americans are deeply afraid of
increasingly pervasive technology first
on the list cyber terrorism this one is
really scary according to US
intelligence agencies cyber attacks are
considered the number one threat to
national security
due to the u.s. is extremely weak
internet in
sure in particular Russia and China are
the most aggressive cyber attackers but
some also fear domestic misuse of
technology specifically technology we
rely on every day also represents an
invasive violation of privacy services
like Google and Facebook collects
significant amounts of personal data and
we often don't have control over what
they do with it similarly leaks in 2013
by whistleblower Edward Snowden revealed
the government's mass surveillance
program run by the NSA both corporate
and government tracking of personal
information represents some of America's
biggest technological fears in fact the
u.s. government itself inspires the
country's single greatest fear fear of
corruption with 58% of respondents
reporting high levels of fear government
corruption clearly keeps people up at
night as frequent political scandals
dominate headlines u.s. officials
working against their constituents best
interests is clearly a very real concern
other high-ranking fears are focused on
the environment our personal futures and
natural disasters while government
corruption tops the u.s. is list on
average the rest of the world is most
concerned about the effects of climate
change to learn about some of the
world's other fears check out our video
on what countries fear the most
Ghana Spain and Uganda had the strongest
concerns about their economies with
Spain struggling in the EU and the
others among the world's most
impoverished nations and if you happen
to be interested in a more satirical
look at politics and global issues check
out my channel newsy news and if you
like it please subscribe
hey guys eat that Benghazi Herold
Benghazi met Benghazi thanks for
watching test-tube news don't forget to
Like and subscribe to our show for new
videos every day
