as Argentina picks a new president in
2015 many are hoping for substantial
changes the previous administration has
been marred by corruption and
misinformation which has done little to
boost the country standing around the
world
so as the government changes hands we
wanted to know just how powerful is
Argentina
well Argentina is a former Spanish
colony comprising more than 1 million
square miles that's nearly the same size
as India but with only about 3% of the
population still they're the second
largest country in South America and the
largest spanish-speaking nation on earth
Argentina also claims a significant
portion of Antarctica although the claim
is disputed by the United Kingdom
Argentina's large size and population
along with its fertile farmlands have
allowed it to develop at a rapid pace
since the 19th century
the World Bank lists them as a
high-income economy with a diversifying
industry and a high quality of life most
trade exports come from the agricultural
sector like soybean products and corn
and they are one of the world's leading
producers of pears with a GDP of more
than half a trillion dollars their
economic strength ranks above Belgium in
Norway however political infighting in
the past few decades has resulted in an
economic recession and a lower global
credit rating the country remains over
100 billion dollars in debt but that
doesn't stop Argentina from spending 4
billion dollars annually on their
military which ranks 47th globally
compared to similarly ranked militaries
Argentina has a large number of active
troops with roughly 100,000 personnel
additionally strong ties to superpowers
like the US and China as well as their
somewhat isolated position on the globe
make Argentina an unlikely target for
military action Argentina is a member of
the g20 the United Nations and the World
Trade Organization and because they're
the second largest economy in South
America they're majorly involved in
regional trade with neighboring Brazil
although it's at times overshadowed
Argentina remains a solid middle power
with huge economic growth potential and
few national defense
threats Argentina has greatly benefited
from a resilient workforce and many
natural resources if their government
can improve the nation's global economic
standing Argentina has a very promising
future as a major international power
the relationship between Argentina and
the UK on the other hand isn't very
promising watch our video to learn about
why these two countries have had a
troubled past well the history is a
little complicated but simply put the
first person to actually claim the
islands was an English sailor named John
strong in 1690 while both Spain and
France made various claims on the
islands over the years the British
ultimately maintained their jurisdiction
thanks for watching everyone don't
forget to subscribe to test-tube news so
you get new videos from us every single
day
