while the American presidential debates
are heating up
Canadians are quietly moving toward a
political 180 Canada's 2015 federal
election is on October 19th and could
see a dramatic shift in not only the
ruling party but the country's relations
worldwide so we wanted to know is Canada
undergoing a political revolution well
it's important to note that Canada's
government is similar but distinct from
the United States as a parliamentary
democracy they don't have a president
but they do have a prime minister and
technically a queen while the Prime
Minister has no term limits Canada's
elected parliament is completely
refreshed every five years this 2015
election will see Canadians voting for a
whole new House of Commons 338
parliamentary seats are up for grabs the
party that wins the most seats gets to
select the country's prime minister and
is known as the governing party the one
that gets the second most members is the
opposition party this effectively allows
Canadians to vote in both their head of
government and their Parliament at the
same time unlike the United States is
two-party dominated system Canada enjoys
a wide variety of parties with three
major and four minor ones in the most
recent parliament this fosters
considerably more cooperation and debate
on controversial issues so what's the
current situation well the three primary
parties vying for majority power are the
Conservative Party the new Democratic
Party and the Liberal Party the
Conservatives have been in power for
almost a decade and have seen a
parliamentary majority since 2011 but
the current conservative Prime Minister
Stephen Harper has been having trouble
lately due to accusations of fraud a
government deregulation and overspending
on the other side of the political
spectrum the Liberal Party has long been
seen as the leftist alternative
throughout Canadian history the
conservative and liberal parties have
almost always occupied governing or
opposition status but that changed in
2011 this election was the first time
the new democratic party surpassed the
Liberal Party to represent the second
most seats this strong showing has many
wondering if the NDP
could beat out the long-standing
Conservative Party in the current
elections such a win would be huge for
Canadian politics the NDP is considered
farther left and supports unions and
social democracy their leader and
potential prime minister Tom Mulcair has
seen considerable popularity especially
among french-speaking districts the
election of the NDP would dramatically
shift current conversations with the
u.s. in regards to the XL pipeline and
the trans-pacific partnership about both
of which Mulcair has voiced severe
concerns more specifically it would
shift Canada's current ideological path
away from pro banking in business and
towards the environment and fiscal
liberalism whichever party comes out on
top the rise of the new Democratic Party
is a relatively unprecedented event and
shows just how much Canada's political
spectrum has already changed some parts
of Canada are already seeing the effects
of this fiscal liberalism like Quebec
which has government subsidized
childcare to find out more about that
check out the video up top or if you
want to learn about Canada's power as a
country check out the video at the
bottom thanks for watching test-tube
everyone make sure to subscribe to our
channel so you get all our videos every
day of the week
