in late 2015
Russia joined the Syrian conflict and
began an airstrike campaign against Isis
as well as anti Assad rebel forces the
civil war between anti-assad forces and
the long-standing Syrian regime is all
the more complicated by an estimated
1000 opposition groups as well as Isis
and al-qaeda so we wanted to know who
exactly is fighting in Syria well in the
very beginning of the Syrian civil war
protesters against the Assad regime
banded together establishing the Syrian
National Council based out of
neighboring Turkey in 2012 they were
joined by other rebel groups and became
the Syrian National Coalition intending
to act as the exiled legitimate
government of Syria as of 2015 the S&C
has been recognized as a representative
of the Syrian people by a majority of
Gulf States and a number of Western
states including the US around the time
of the SNC's creation former Syrian army
members defected from Assad and formed
the Free Syrian Army to fight on the
ground like most of the other rebel
groups the FSA is predominantly made up
of Sunni Muslims while Assad's regime is
of the Alawite Shia faith some reports
say that the FSA has as many as 60,000
members however other sources state that
the Free Syrian Army has become a label
for any number of competing rebel groups
and that the original organization is
gone also in 2011 Assad released a
number of Salafist prisoners which many
say it was an attempt to breed extremism
among Syrian rebels some of these
prisoners formed the Islamic Front a
ground fighting force which has
reportedly grown to include as many as
70,000 members however another group of
those released prisoners went on to
become the top leadership within Isis
they've been working to secure their own
Islamic caliphate in Syria and Iraq of
the estimated 1,000 loosely related
rebel groups in Syria only some are
focused on fighting against Assad others
are in the midst of fighting Isis as
well as a branch of al Qaeda and Syria
called al-nusra involved in the conflict
are also the Kurds who have long
demanded their independence from Syria
and other neighboring countries while
most of the forces in the war are poorly
organized a number of the larger ones
are funded trained and armed
by foreign countries the Syrian
government itself has the support of
Iran in Russia for a period of time the
United States approved the funding of
the Free Syrian Army through a
non-government organization they have
also begun funding Kurdish fighters
meanwhile the Gulf states have been
contributing to the rebels as well by
way of Turkey and Saudi Arabia all of
its outside influence has many labeling
the conflict a proxy war between Assad
the rebels the Kurds and Isis there are
so many competing factions that it
almost seems impossible to find a
working compromise that might end the
war as the stakes get higher and where
countries find themselves involved it'll
take an overwhelming effort to
eventually re-establish peace in Syria
one rebel group in particular has
received considerable support from the
United States which is seeking the top
of the Assad regime to learn more about
them check out this video from seeker
daily they do have one common enemy the
Syrian government and depending on the
ideology of the group that is victorious
at overtaking the Syrian government the
successor could be far more militant
than the regime they seek to remove from
power this is why so many countries have
a strong interest in which group comes
out on top thanks for watching test-tube
news make sure to LIKE and subscribe for
new videos every day
