the United States suffers from some of
the highest gun violence rates in the
world with many attributing this
phenomenon to high gun ownership that by
comparison Switzerland has the third
highest rate of gun ownership with
relatively low gun violence so what is
behind Switzerland's unique situation
just how powerful is Switzerland while
Switzerland comprises roughly 16,000
square miles or a bit less than the US
state of Florida with a population of
about 8 million it ranks pretty low
among European countries but what they
lack in size they make up for in
diversity
Switzerland is made up of four primary
regions each of which have their own
cultural identity and language they are
German French Italian and Romansh which
is a relatively unique language to
Switzerland which is unsurprising as the
country is surrounded on all sides by
Germany France Italy Austria and
Liechtenstein with so many different
cultures what is the one thing unifying
them all well money Switzerland is one
of the richest countries in the world
their GDP is roughly 700 billion ranking
20th worldwide per capita they number
within the top 10 at nearly 60-thousand
per resident this is a little higher
than the United States they managed to
accomplish this through effective and
somewhat protectionist monetary policy
this makes them an extremely stable
economy which is garnered mass
investment leading to a lucrative
banking industry but the high income
first world economy also means that only
a tiny percentage of the country works
in agriculture will a large number focus
on specialized labor for example
Switzerland is the primary producer of
the world's high-end watches in 2013
watches brought in more than 20 billion
dollars alone other high-end precision
products such as jewelry and small
caliber handguns are among their largest
exports alongside their firearm and
ammunition production the high rate of
gun ownership would suggest that they
are a militarily powerful nation but in
fact Switzerland is one of the best
known countries to practice armed
neutrality although they rank 30th and
military worldwide they spend nearly 5
billion a year on their Armed Forces
Switzerland has not been involved in a
war in the last
hundred years instead they focus on
peacekeeping and aren't even the
birthplace of the Red Cross which
explains why its logo is the inverted
Swiss flag
additionally Switzerland is not a part
of the European Union and doesn't use
the euro however if they are a member of
the European free trade association as
well as the UN so what does this high
ranking collection of stats yield well
Switzerland is probably one of the most
satisfied countries in the world the
rank near or at the top for civil
liberties quality of life government
transparency and a number of other
positive attributes described a high
human development in fact Switzerland is
considered to have among the highest
quality of life in the world so just how
powerful is Switzerland powerful enough
to be comfortable to learn more about
Switzerland's neighbour check out our
video how powerful is France
14 African nations use a form of
currency called the CFA franc which has
direct ties to France's national bank
and the head of the International
Monetary Fund is traditionally French
plus France has its own flourishing
economy with strongholds in every
business sector from energy to
pharmaceuticals thanks for watching
please don't forget to Like and
subscribe to test-tube news we'll see
you next time
