since 2010 super PAC groups have
contributed to an explosion in political
campaign donations these groups are so
controversial that President Barack
Obama has spoken out against them and
2016 presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders
has refused to accept their money so
what are super pacs and what are they
doing to our political process well the
term PAC is an acronym that stands for
political action committee PACs are a
way for businesses labor unions and
other special interest groups to pool
donations for a specific campaign
regular PACs which are different from
super PACs have been donating to
campaign since 1944 but PACs have
significant financial restrictions
corporations aren't allowed to
contribute and PACs can only give up to
$5,000 per candidate and $15,000 per
National Party additionally individuals
cannot contribute more than $5,000 to a
PAC per year but in 2010 a Supreme Court
ruling known as citizens united said
that restricting corporate political
donations was in violation of freedom of
speech legally it was argued that
spending is speech even if that speaker
is a corporation this led to the
creation of super PACs essentially super
PACs are allowed to give unlimited funds
from people corporations and unions the
only rule is that super PACs must
operate independently of candidates
however this rule is often skirted the
top super PAC during the 2012
presidential campaign raised more than
153 million dollars and contributed
indirectly to Republican campaigns by
comparison the top regular PAC raised a
mere three point nine million dollars in
donations so why are super PACs
controversial while the lack of
restriction means that wealthy special
interest groups and individuals are able
to exert significant influence over
political campaigns additionally even
though super PACs are required to be
independent organizations they are
regularly operated by people close to
the candidate this practice was famously
satirized by comedian Stephen Colbert in
2012 he ran for president in the South
Carolina primaries and named his
affiliated super PAC
definitely not coordinating with Stephen
Colbert super PAC since the rise of
super PACs many have called for
significant campaign finance reform the
upcoming 2016 elections will undoubtedly
break those records while lessening the
average citizens influence in their own
political future if you'd like to get
even more frustrated with the American
political process make sure you check
out our video about gerrymandering here
so what exactly is gerrymandering and
how does it work
well every state has a certain number of
congressional districts depending on the
state's population every two years
voters in those districts elect a single
representative to Congress every ten
years the boundaries of these districts
may be redrawn to represent the changing
population thanks as always for watching
test-tube news please subscribe
