following the second Republican debate
in September 2015
most of the career politicians have
fallen behind in the polls after Donald
Trump Carly Fiorina has been ranked as
the second most favorable candidate
among GOP supporters so we wanted to
know who exactly is Carly Fiorina well
first and foremost Fiorina has run on
her record of business experience since
starting in a low position with AT&T in
1980 she rose to become the first female
VP within the company's history
six years later she oversaw one of the
most successful initial public offerings
ever raising three billion dollars for
an AT&T spinoff in 1999 Fiorina became
the first female CEO of hewlett-packard
one of the largest companies in the US
but her tenure was not met without
controversy while managing a massive
tech merger between HP and Compaq and
the biggest ever at the time she also
laid off 30,000 workers and saw HP's
stock price plummet Fiorina was forced
to resign in 2005 but has long blamed
her failings at HP on the.com bubble
over the last decade she has shifted her
focus onto politics
Fiorina advised John McCain's
presidential campaign in 2008 and lost
the California Senate election to
Barbara Boxer in 2010 as a female
Republican Carly Fiorina occupies a
unique section of the political spectrum
she's opposed to abortion and supports
the repeal of roe v wade during the
second Republican debate she was
criticized for exaggerating and at times
fabricating information about Planned
Parenthood another particularly personal
issue for her is drug abuse her
stepdaughter died after struggling with
alcohol and prescription pills and
Fiorina frequently references this in
regards to her drug policy she says that
she does not support drug
decriminalization but also would not
support the criminalization of addiction
while she opposes marijuana legislation
she has stated that she would not apply
the federal marijuana ban on states
which had legalized it Fiorina has
criticized the Iran nuclear deal
although she herself has been connected
to the sale of HP printers and computers
to Iran despite nuclear
nations however it's unclear whether she
had actually authorized the sale herself
as for LGBT rights she does not have a
simple view as a citizen she voted
against same-sex marriage and instead
supported domestic partnerships
she's also opposed anti-discrimination
laws to protect the LGBT community
during her 2010 Senate run she was
endorsed by gay conservative group go
proud in most other issues she tends to
side with the general Republican base
including on climate change denial net
neutrality opposition lower taxes and
anti Obama care however her distinct
perspective on women's issues and her
emphatic tone during the debates has
drawn her considerably more support than
expected whether Fiorina can continue
catching up to trump in the polls he's
yet to be seen right behind Carly
Fiorina in the polls is ben Carson who
now ranks as third most favorable among
GOP voters learn more about him in this
video he is against abortion although he
has referred women seeking abortions to
other doctors making some question his
record perhaps surprisingly he has
written about taking part in physician
assisted suicide
Carson is also in favor of medical
marijuana but not for recreational use
thanks for watching test-tube news be
sure to LIKE and subscribe to keep up
with new videos daily
