in September 2015
Isis demanded ransoms in exchange for
two foreign hostages however their home
countries have thus far refused to pay
kidnappings by terrorist groups are an
unfortunately common occurrence in the
Middle East so why do terrorists kidnap
so many people well reports indicate
that Isis has hundreds of hostages from
around the world between 2008 and 2014
terrorist groups reportedly received as
much as 125 million dollars in ransom
payments however many countries the
United States in particular refused to
pay for the return of their citizens
White House officials have argued that
paying ransoms only encourages more
kidnappings in fact until this policy
was relaxed in June 2015 victims
families could be criminally prosecuted
for organising ransom payments but
terrorists don't just kidnap to make
money Isis can make up to 3 million
dollars a day selling oil essentially
dwarfing it's ransom income kidnapping
victims especially from local areas are
often used as slaves or in sex
trafficking many recent accounts
indicate that UCD women belonging to an
oppressed Iraqi minority are often
kidnapped to be sold into sexual slavery
perhaps most importantly the practice of
kidnapping helps terrorist groups
display their ruthlessness Isis has
become known for using hostage execution
videos as a method of spreading fear and
intimidation many countries have also
issued travel alerts for dangerous
regions like Syria Iraq and Afghanistan
in these countries there may be no
embassies to help visitors and much
higher chances of being kidnapped
unfortunately kidnappings by terrorist
groups are likely to continue despite
efforts by Western nations the
effectiveness of using hostages for
financial or ideological gain makes them
easy and lucrative targets the whole
topic of terrorist ransom brings up an
ethical question should we negotiate
with terrorists seeker daily explores
that question in this video here first
the idea of not negotiating as
government policy seems to have
originated in the 1980s with former
President Ronald Reagan's presidential
campaign when he pronounced that we will
not
negotiate with terrorists but in
practice Regan and every president since
has negotiated with terrorists in one
way or another thanks for watching
everyone don't forget to Like and
subscribe to test-tube news so you can
get new videos every single day of the
week we'll see you next time
