in September 2015
Pope Francis of the Catholic Church
announced that churches who are running
profitable hotels and restaurants should
pay taxes like any other business this
is the latest in a long line of
surprising and progressive statements
from the Pope over the last two years
while most Pope's have been relatively
conservative and followed strict
religious doctrine Pope Francis has been
modern progressive and socially
conscious
so how has Pope Francis changed
Catholicism well since the ex nightclub
bouncer turned Pope entered the papacy
in 2013 his tenure has been expressly
different from his predecessors Pope
Francis has fulfilled a huge number of
firsts for a pope including being the
first non-european pope in more than a
millennium while other popes have been
happy to wear tons of ornate jewelry and
flaunt the Vatican's wealth Pope Francis
has been known to be overwhelmingly
humble instead of living in the papal
palace he stays in a nearby guest house
his robes are simple and even his rings
are silver rather than traditional gold
this humbler stance is directly related
to Pope Francis's focus on poverty
saying churches should help the poor and
needy during the current migrant crisis
the Pope has even agreed to take in two
refugee families to set an example for
the rest of the Catholic world many have
appreciated his direct and informal
methods of communicating important ideas
without being bogged down in appealing
to the more conservative Catholic base
but besides advocating for the poor the
Pope has also opened up and shown
acceptance for previously marginalized
groups although the church still opposes
same-sex marriage Pope Francis has said
that it is not his place to judge gay
priests as long as they want to be
closer to God this is a considerable
shift from the previous Pope's judgment
that homosexuality is an intrinsic moral
evil Pope Francis has also reached out
to atheists and reaffirmed the Catholic
Church's positive stance on evolution
progressive stances like these support
the Pope's assertion that the church
needs to be a home for all and has
focused too much on gays abortion and
birth control he stands in stark
contrast to his predecessor Pope
Benedict who was actually a member of
the Hitler Youth in his childhood
benedict called for a smaller purer
church with strict focus on doctrine
this ideological shift coming from the
church's highest moral authority has
been a breath of fresh air for many
Catholics
to a felt stagnation in the church's
vision still some have attributed Pope
Francis's rhetoric as a method of
distraction from the church's child
molestation scandals critics believe
that although he has addressed and
apologized for the sexual abuse within
the clergy no concrete steps have been
taken to dismantle decades of
inappropriate behavior Pope Francis may
be changing the face of the Catholic
Church for the better but there still
exists a number of problems the church
needs to address directly to learn more
about how Pope Francis is changing what
it means to be a Catholic check out
seeker Daily's video here however this
isn't a unique experience for Catholic
Republicans on the opposite side of the
aisle many people are questioning
Catholic Democrats and their strong
pro-choice pro-gay marriage voting
records even though Pope Francis has
come out and said that the church
concentrates too much on these issues he
is still against them thanks for
watching test-tube news everyone
remember to like and subscribe so you
don't miss out on all our videos every
single day and we'll see you next time
