evidence has emerged that the Islamic
state has been using weaponized mustard
gas in Syria and Iraq chemical weapons
have long been outlawed and yet they've
been used on numerous occasions
throughout the 20th century so just how
dangerous are chemical weapons
well chemical weapons are considered
weapons of mass destruction alongside
nuclear and biological weaponry there
have been numerous international bans on
their use stemming from 1899 when The
Hague Convention prohibited using
poisonous arms or asphyxiating gases in
1925 the Geneva Protocol further enacted
a ban on both chemical and biological
agents saying that they are justly
condemned by the general opinion of the
civilized world the most comprehensive
international ban was the 1993 Chemical
Weapons Convention which also prohibited
production or stockpiling but despite
these restrictions the first modern use
of chemical weapons was during World War
one lethal gases like phosgene caused
severe irritation in the lungs eyes and
throat victims would often have
difficulty breathing as their lungs
would slowly fill with fluid killing
them as long as 48 hours after exposure
in particular chlorine would react with
water in the lungs creating hydrochloric
acid and causing severe pain and death
non-lethal but still illegal chemicals
were used as well including tear and
mustard gas these would cause blistering
of the skin and internal chemical burns
throughout World War one chemical
weapons caused over 100,000 deaths and
affected more than a million people
during the Second World War
chemicals were only used by Japan
against other Asian countries while the
Nazis possessed gas weapons they were
afraid of a severe response of deployed
the Allies also refused to use deadly
gas although at one point Winston
Churchill did propose dropping poison
gas and anthrax over Germany after the
war the Allies discovered Germany
stockpile of nerve agents these are
chemicals which work by disrupting the
nervous system and lead to loss of body
control
they eventually cause death by
suffocation increased research into
chemical weapons led to both the US and
the USSR developing and creating tens of
thousands of tons to stockpile
throughout the Cold War but the most
infamous use of chemical weapons was
during the iran-iraq war in the 1980's
Iraq received supplies from the United
States and Germany to develop chemical
weapons but in 1988 both mustard gas and
nerve agents were used by Iraq against a
Kurdish civilian villages many as 5,000
deaths in 10,000 injuries the attack has
since been called an act of genocide and
was the single largest chemical attack
against civilians ever in the years
since the only use of chemical weapons
has been by terrorist groups
luckily the most recent ban has led to a
90% decline in the world's stockpile
still chemical weapons are especially
dangerous due to their indiscriminate
long-lasting and painful effects in the
wrong hands they are considerably more
terrifying than most conventional
weapons but who's to blame for chemical
weapons in Syria and Iraq is it the u.s.
find out more in the seeker daily video
up top and to learn more about how we
regulate the use of chemical weapons in
warfare check out this video below
thanks for joining us on test-tube news
remember to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
