in June and July 2015
China's stock market the Shanghai
Composite plunged more than 30 percent
after a modest recovery stocks took
another hit in August financial experts
have warned that China's economic
downturn could lead to a global
recession so just how dependent is the
world economy on China well for the past
three decades China has seen about 10
percent economic growth every year this
is from industrialization and increased
worldwide trade but in recent years the
growing tech and housing markets have
begun to collapse the results have been
devastating for China and its trade
partners Brazil may be one of the worst
hit just a decade ago the country had
strengthened its economy by striking
landmark trade deals with China as
Brazil's top trading partner China
bought primarily iron ore and oil as
well as beef and sugar but as China's
demand for imports dramatically
decreased Brazil fell into a financial
crisis in August the government
confirmed a national recession China's
other top trading partners Australia and
Japan are also feeling the squeeze due
to China's shrinking demand for auto
exports Japan is experiencing a
continued economic slump China's
construction sector is also on the
decline leading to less trade with
Australia a significant source of raw
materials as a result economists have
warned of Australia's first recession in
24 years
in late August fear over the Chinese
economic downturn caused the US Dow
Jones to plunge nearly 600 points
resulting in its worst day since 2011
international stocks also slumped after
China's stock market fall Asian markets
especially suffered major losses in an
effort to reverse the recession the
People's Bank of China cut interest
rates to record lows and brokers have
been prosecuted for spreading negative
rumors about the stock market
additionally China devalued its currency
by about two percent cheapening the cost
of exports and thereby encouraging its
manufacturing sector ultimately if
China's economy doesn't stabilize it
could create a significant ripple of
financial instability throughout the
globe because so many countries of
significant stock in China's success
China's economic health is of vital
importance to the rest of the world
besides the slump of its stock market
China has been facing other problems
affecting its economy find out more by
watching this video their part in the
global recession was coupled with a mass
earthquake in response to those crises
the government instituted Federal Work
programs and housing projects those
stimulated growth but also came with
their own problems today the surplus of
housing is causing property prices to
drop and the housing market is quote
comatose thanks for watching us on
test-tube news please don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
