on September 11 2001 al-qaeda terrorists
hijacked four US airplanes in a suicide
attack mission that left nearly 3,000
Americans dead
this sparked significant anti-terrorism
efforts around the globe especially
targeting the perpetrators of the
attacks but after 14 years has the u.s.
managed to defeat al-qaeda
well the Islamic extremist group known
as al-qaeda was founded in the 1980s in
opposition to the Soviet Union which had
invaded Afghanistan but after the USSR
left the region al-qaida's ideology
became more aggressively anti-western
since 1993 al-qaeda has been responsible
for more than 50 deadly terrorist
attacks these include the 1993 World
Trade Center bombing the 1998 US embassy
bombings in Kenya and Tanzania and the
2004 Madrid train bombings but after the
attacks of 2001 the United States and
its allies began the war on terror
seeking to dismantle terrorism in the
Middle East in particular foreign policy
focused on taking down the leader of
al-qaeda and the mastermind behind 9/11
Osama bin Laden the ensuing conflicts
and thousands of US soldiers into Iraq
Afghanistan Syria and Pakistan and in
2011 US forces killed bin Laden in
Pakistan contributing to the already
declining stability of the group
according to the US National
Counterterrorism Center al Qaeda had
been significantly degraded over the
last decade and its capability to
recruit train and deploy operatives for
anti-western attacks has been reduced in
2012 President Barack Obama
optimistically claimed that al Qaeda was
on the run and that its core leaders
were decimated and on a path to defeat
but despite losing power in Iraq al
Qaeda has made a recent resurgence
President Obama has been careful to note
that the group continues to pursue
attacks most notably the January 2015
shooting that targeted the magazine
Charlie Hebdo and offshoots from the
group have sprung up Isis is currently
one of the most powerful and dangerous
Islamic terrorist groups to grow
directly out of al Qaeda
rock around the early 2000s Isis split
off from its parent organization in
order to concentrate attacks on local
infidels and establish an Islamic state
al Qaeda on the other hand continues its
global terrorism efforts to destabilize
Western powers al Qaeda has also led to
the creation of other terrorist groups
in Africa like Boko Haram and al-shabaab
because of Al Qaeda's decentralized
organizational structure there are many
covert terrorist cells all over the
world
these have been notoriously hard to root
out by law enforcement officials and for
this reason al Qaeda may never be fully
eradicated some believe that it is the
u.s. s fault that terrorist
organizations like al Qaeda and Isis
exist
do you agree let us know in the comments
below you can also watch this video to
learn more one political scientist has
attributed 95 percent of suicide attacks
in recent years to foreign occupation
and a 2004 government study concluded
that the invasion is quote paradoxically
elevated the stature of and support for
radical Islamists thanks for watching
test-tube news be sure to LIKE and
subscribe to our channel to watch new
videos daily and we'll see you next time
you
