in 2014 a controversial Japanese
politician ran for governor of Tokyo
although he didn't win his popularity
among young voters was partially due to
what many call Japanese revisionism of
20th century war crimes many japanese
youths refused to shoulder the burden of
world war ii atrocities while some
politicians openly deny certain events
so what war crimes is Japan trying to
hide since the 1950s government
officials have repeatedly apologized for
crimes committed during World War two
primarily authorized by Emperor Hirohito
during the Showa era however in recent
years the government has attempted to
downplay the severity of these crimes
the most glaring examples of revisionism
are in government approved historical
textbooks war crimes are rarely
mentioned and when they are it's in a
detached in culpable tone most school
districts outright refuse to use these
textbooks internationally Japan's mass
killings have been referred to as the
Asian Holocaust some estimate that
during World War two the Japanese
military killed up to ten million people
nearly four million of them Chinese in
one famous atrocity known as the Nanking
Massacre the Japanese army executed
hundreds of thousands of civilians and
prisoners of war over the course of a
month facts about this event have been
widely disputed by Japanese officials
despite international acknowledgement
another horrific crime was the emperor's
establishment of human experimentation
camps the most famous of which was unit
731 prisoners were infected with
diseases and cut open while alive and
without anesthesia some subjects had
their limbs removed and then reattached
on opposite sides some had frostbite
intentionally induced others were used
as weapons testing most women were raped
after the war nearly all the researchers
were given immunity by the United States
in exchange for the information they
gained from these experiments
furthermore records about this unit were
destroyed leaving only survivor
testimony giving weight to deny your
claims although there were many other
war crimes committed including faking
surrender reports of cannibalism forced
labor and torture the most notable was
the use of comfort women original
Japanese occupations saw mass rape of
locals so brothels
soldiers were established but there were
not nearly enough women to fill them so
as many as 200,000 women and girls were
kidnapped or coerced into sexual slavery
this issue is particularly contentious
for Japanese officials and journalists
in 2007 a number of surviving comfort
women demanded an apology from the
Japanese government initially the Prime
Minister said there was no evidence of
these horrific crimes however several
weeks later the Japanese Parliament
officially apologized Japanese
nationalists have since pushed to
rescind this apology many japanese
youths consider the issue of 70 year old
war crimes to be unfairly lumped onto
them pointing out that they were not the
perpetrators of these events however the
push to whitewash history in order to
appear blameless is in no way an
appropriate method of dealing with
historical atrocities Japanese officials
denial of comfort women is one of the
saddest modern dismissals see this video
by seeker daily to learn more about the
lives of these enslaved women or if you
want more of the shocking history behind
why China hates Japan watch this video
thanks for watching test-tube news don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
