as far as political ideologies go none
is more universally reviled than fascism
although the movement was only in effect
for a short while in a select few
countries its repercussions are still
felt to this day so what exactly is
fascism essentially fascism was born out
of the idea that rational egalitarian
democracies would ultimately lead to
severe crisis and weakness around the
late 1800s a more irrational and
emotional structure based on social
Darwinism began to overtake the idea
that people should have equality instead
fascism promised to create the rebirth
of a new stronger and greater Society
stripped of all its weaknesses some
point to Italian writer and poet
gabriella de anuncio as the originator
of this ideology during the 1930s and
40s it's saw significant influence first
in Italy then in Germany and finally
Japan although a large number of
countries borrowed the ideology around
the same time in effect fascism operates
under a strict doctrine first off it
attempts to unify countries under a
single genetic banner
often this nationalism includes the
concept of racial or cultural purity as
a method of weeding out weakness Hitler
used this to paint Jews and other groups
as not being part of a pure Aryan race
and thus worthy of being eliminated
second is the total control of society
and people by the state called
totalitarianism citizens are expected to
have unwavering faith in a single party
ruling elite in nearly all cases a
dictator it is intended to directly
oppose pluralism which is the ability of
multiple parties to compete for power
economically fascism seeks to solve the
problems of materialist capitalism and
Marxist socialism in practice countries
did this by promoting private enterprise
and handsomely rewarding successful
businessmen while abolishing unions
however the state would only allow
businesses which served and promoted the
national interest they also sought to
ban foreign trade to avoid becoming
dependent on any other country the end
goal is to become fully self-sufficient
and to be able to allocate significant
resources towards the mill
pterri fascism is also intensely
supportive of violence to achieve
political means that specifically
includes removing weak people from the
fascist state either by executing or
deporting them all through strict social
laws enforced by a violent police army
in the 30s these were Hitler's brown
shirts and Mussolini's black shirts
finally as a social ideology fascism
promotes youth and revolution with a
particular focus on strengthening
desirable and supposedly moral
characteristics for example in fascist
Italy homosexuality was seen as moral
weakness and expressly forbidden along
with pornography and prostitution in
Nazi Germany
abortions were illegal and often
compulsory in states of deformity or non
Aryan racial characteristics however for
healthy Aryan babies abortion was
illegal fascism is intended to craft a
society to the ultimate ambitions of a
single ruling party as history has shown
this has promoted mass murder eugenics
censorship propaganda and severe
inequality some have said that fascism
defies the political spectrum entirely
and is neither left nor right in the end
fascism is exactly what it sounds like a
complete nightmare want to learn more
about political theories check out our
full playlist including this one all
about socialism for example in the USA's
capitalist society high quality
education is expensive meaning that
those who can afford it are generally
given better opportunities those who
can't are forced to compete at a
material disadvantage this leads to
class inequality not on the basis of
talent or ability but on generational
wealth by comparison in countries like
Finland where high quality education is
free everyone is given the same
opportunity to succeed or fail
regardless of their financial status
thanks for watching test-tube news if
you've got any ideas for our next video
let us know in the comments below and
please remember to subscribe
