over the past year Russia's aggression
towards its neighbors has prompted
Poland to ask for protection from
Western nations in July 2015 NATO
announced that they would not be
establishing permanent military bases in
Poland like most Eastern European
countries Poland has little chance of
standing up to Russia alone so we wanted
to know just how powerful is Poland
well for starters Poland takes up about
120 thousand square miles with a
population of 40 million this ranks them
6th in the European Union for both
Poland is also the most populous of the
post-soviet satellite states having
actively surpassed pre 1989 standards of
living in fact Poland has a very high
Human Development Index ranking 35th
alongside Lithuania and Saudi Arabia at
the same time Poland also suffers from
one of the lowest birth rates in the
world
which some have ascribed to a weak job
market and a lack of childcare services
still Poland's relatively stagnant
population does not reflect a stagnant
economy with a GDP of about half a
trillion dollars growing at a rate of
around 3 percent Poland has had the
fastest economic growth in the EU since
the 2008 global financial crisis some
have attributed this to the fact that
Poland is the seventh hardest-working
country in the world based on osed
Statistics since the end of Soviet
control they have turned into a
market-based capitalist economy and
thrived in the private sector besides
corporate investments in oil and banking
Poland's largest source of revenue is
the export of automobiles and car parts
they are one of the top producers of
passenger vehicles in Central and
Eastern Europe accounting for more than
half a million cars in 2014
Poland is also a popular tourist spot
especially since their admission into
the European Union with hundreds of
castles and 14 unesco world heritage
sites scattered countrywide poland is
the 17th most visited country in the
world besides having a strong economy
poland also enjoys a strong military
force poland's armed forces ranked 19th
in the world and 5th within the EU with
over 600,000 active troops poland also
operates one of the largest navies in
the baltic sea and contributes
significant resources to inter
National UN peacekeeping missions they
were also a major support force for the
US Navy during the 2003 invasion of Iraq
despite a history of illegal occupation
most notably by the Nazis followed by
the Soviet Union Poland has seen
incredible recovery and progress over
the past few decades they have a hard
working population a rapidly growing
economy and one of the strongest armies
in the region
all in all Poland is clearly the most
powerful success story to come out of
the collapse of the Soviet Union
Russia's encroachments on ex-soviet
States doesn't only affect Poland but
neighboring countries too to find out
how powerful the Baltic states are check
out this video the Baltic states have
great economic growth high development
and serve as strong examples of country
cooperation however in view of other
individual countries and
intergovernmental organizations the
Baltic states have little power and
thanks for watching test-tube news don't
forget to Like and subscribe so you get
all of our videos every single day
