in July 2015
Romania passed a law officially
criminalizing Holocaust denial 16 other
countries have also passed legislation
effectively outlawing the practice but
elsewhere even heads of state are
deniers like Iran's ex-president Mahmoud
Ahmadinejad in fact one survey showed
that up to two-thirds of the world
hadn't heard of or denied facts about
the Holocaust so how is that possible
what is Holocaust denial from 1941 to
1945 Adolf Hitler's Nazi regime carried
out the systematic genocide of about 6
million Jews and millions of others
considered undesirable nearly all
historians survivors and even X Nazis
confirmed that Jews Gypsies homosexuals
and others were murdered for the use of
concentration camps and gas chambers yet
Holocaust deniers who prefer the term
revisionists argue that the Holocaust
either did not happen or was
significantly overblown many deniers
like the former head of the Muslim
Brotherhood suggest that the myth of the
Holocaust is simply a Jewish conspiracy
designed to subjugate non-jewish people
while they argue that their view is
objective and unbiased it's generally
acknowledged that in most cases
Holocaust denial is a direct form of
anti-semitism
additionally deniers rarely dispute the
non-jewish victims of the Holocaust and
even acknowledge that there was
systematic mass murder by the Nazis just
not of Jews generally there's a focus on
three primary arguments the first that
the Nazis did not have a specific policy
of exterminating Jews this is predicated
on the fact that no direct written order
from Hitler exists however there is
significant evidence in the form of
letters testimony from the Nuremberg
trials and even passages from Hitler's
book Mein Kampf to secretly recorded
speeches were made in 1943 by the
architect of the Holocaust
Heinrich Himmler in them he explicitly
discusses the systematic extermination
of the Jews deniers often argue over the
meaning of the word extermination within
the speech
another assertion is that nowhere near
six million Jews were killed during the
Holocaust often citing numbers closer to
three hundred thousand or a million much
of this is based on a single Red Cross
publication listing three hundred
thousand registered deaths of Germans
and German Jews alone this figure is
misrepresented by deniers as accounting
for all Holocaust victims in 1979 the
Krauss responded to deniers and disputed
these false claims the final argument is
that Nazis did not use gas chambers or
extermination camps in one famous case a
leading Holocaust denial organization
put out a challenge offering $50,000 for
proof that Jews were gassed at Auschwitz
in response a Holocaust survivor
submitted his experience of seeing his
mother and two sisters LED into gas
chambers to be killed when the
organization refused to pay up their
survivor suit and won during the trial
the judge declared Jews were gassed to
death at Auschwitz concentration camp in
Poland during the summer of 1944 it is
not reasonably subject to dispute it is
simply a fact despite Holocaust deniers
being regularly discredited they
continue to be supported by white
supremacist neo-nazi and anti-semitic
groups although they claim proof of a
Jewish agenda there's almost no debate
as to the real reason that they attempt
to deny the facts of the Holocaust the
Holocaust may have been one of the worst
genocides in modern history but it's far
from the only one most recently the mass
murder that occurred in Armenia during
the early 20th century has finally been
acknowledged as a genocide to find out
more watch this video turkey denies that
they were attempting to destroy the
Armenian people they say that during
World War one both sides experienced
casualties turkey claims that only about
three to six hundred thousand Armenians
were killed while Muslims in the region
experienced even more casualties
approximately 2.5 million in eastern
Anatolia alone thanks for watching
test-tube make sure to LIKE and
subscribe for new videos every day
