in October 2017 an attack in the West
African country of new juror left for
American military officers and 13
soldiers from niji are dead the ambush
was widely reported by media
organizations in the United States but
quickly turned into a media frenzy only
after President Donald Trump reportedly
responded to one of the grieving
soldiers wives and sensitively after
that most of the media's attention
focused on the president's handling of
the tragedy but what largely got left
out of this political back-and-forth was
the reason the US forces were there in
the first place so we wanted to know why
is the United States fighting in the air
and even more broadly Africa as a whole
in 2002 only months after the 9/11
terror attacks the former Bush
administration launched a little-known
counterterrorism program called the pan
Sahel initiative it was created to work
with the militaries of African countries
and an assist and advise capacity to
crack down on terrorists and criminal
groups in the region the u.s. saw that
vast deserts and lawless regions of
these countries as areas where potential
terror groups could thrive potentially
using them as a base to launch attacks
against it these concerns weren't
without warrant either in West Africa
poverty level is coupled with the
government institutions and failing
States created the perfect conditions
for the creation of Terror safe havens
despite us and even French presence
there
terror groups began to thrive in the
region especially al Qaeda's affiliate
in the area al Qaeda in the Islamic
Maghreb or AQI em while groups like this
post a threat to regional powers and
Western interests their experts say the
groups were unlikely to strike the US or
Europe from West Africa but the US still
saw them as a threat and once again
expanded its military footprint there in
2007 the u.s. created a unified military
command center for the continent
referred to as AFRICOM which is
responsible for all US military
involvement in a total of 53 African
countries and while the US has presence
throughout Africa dramatically increased
under President Bush the nation's little
reported pivot to Africa also saw
increased support from President Barack
Obama a conflict in the West African
country of Mali broke out in 2012 when a
rebel group captured the north but
quickly lost control to a number
sliminess groups in the region who
wanted to implement their version of
Islamic law a number of African
countries in the French sent troops to
the country to fight off the rebel
groups in the early phases of the
conflict but in 2013 the u.s. got
involved when President Obama deployed
100 troops to neighboring Nazaire to
assist French troops this was only the
start of a growing u.s. new share
partnership in 2016 the u.s. announced
its plan to build a 100 million dollar
military base right in the middle of New
Year to help combat militant groups and
protected sporter from insurgents the
base in agadez will be the headquarters
of a drone and surveillance program in
New Year Mali Libya and beyond today
more than 800 American troops are based
in Asia in over 6,000 throughout the
entire African continent and while
coverage of conflicts and political
crises throughout Africa have
consistently failed to garner global
media attention some experts say that
the continent will become the new
frontline of the us's war on terror and
while many of these nations so grapple
with the effects of post colonialism and
teeter between being fragile and failed
States their struggle against terror
will likely continue with Boko Haram in
Nigeria al Qaeda groups throughout West
Africa and Isis and Libya and even the
Democratic Republic of Congo American
military involvement in the continent is
also set to increase so the question now
isn't whether the US will continue to
militarily operate in Africa but rather
if it will continue to operate in the
shadows
Bashar isn't the only African country
experiencing war far from it much of
Africa is devastated by warfare to learn
about the ongoing wars in the continent
watch this video right here thanks for
checking out now this world and as
always don't forget to Like and
subscribe for more episodes like this
every week
