the nonprofit group Global Witness has
accused a number of European and Chinese
logging companies of funding conflict in
the Central African Republic the group
notes that in the last few years
sales of timber have overtaken diamonds
as the CA RS primary export the
lucrative sale of timber has contributed
to destabilization and violence in the
region so what's going on in the CA r is
blood timber the new blood diamonds
well the Central African Republic is
located in the middle of Africa just
above the Democratic Republic of the
Congo it is considered one of the least
developed and poorest nations in the
world this is due to a number of civil
wars government coos and ethnic
cleansing throughout the past century on
the Human Development Index of 2014 the
CA R is ranked one hundred and eighty
fifth out of one hundred and eighty
seven countries for years fighting rebel
groups have been funded by the sale of
diamonds colloquially called blood
diamonds this name is attributed to
diamond sold in war zones and used to
finance armed conflict in 2000 the UN
banned the purchase of diamonds
originating from the C AR and in the
last two years sales of similarly named
blood timber has surpassed the CA RS
diamond exports the two main rebel
groups in the CA are are the Muslim
salika rebels and the Christian
anti-balaka vigilante forces the salika
is a coalition of anti-government
factions which grew out of the civil
wars in the 1990s the anti-balaka group
was originally created to defend
villages against the salika and are
somewhat of a smaller rebel group both
have been responsible for wanton
violence and thousands of deaths
including women children and the elderly
in the 1990s and 2000's France the
African Union and the United Nations
sent thousands of peacekeeping troops to
stave off violence unfortunately
according to the UN rebel groups control
much of the nation's logging industry
since the timber produced funds rebel
groups its sale is outlawed by the EU 's
2013 timber regulation law still a
number of European companies like the
IFB in France
Seska and Lebanon and Vic wood in China
are being investigated for purchasing
this illegal conflict timber the Global
Witness alleges that the Seleka rebels
and anti bacala forces have received
millions of dollars from
blood timber sales despite the UN noting
the existence of conflict timber back in
2001 there have been few attempts to
crack down on countries that import
ciear timber the Global Witness report
suggests that this is because of the
logging industry's critical role in the
ca our struggling economy the rebel
groups currently have a stronghold over
the entire nation and their
proliferation must be addressed before
any further economic development can be
sustained timber might be funding CA are
but the rest of Africa is going through
an oil revolution to find out more check
out this video here Nigeria with its
significant oil reserves is also an oil
boom nation in 2014 their national GDP
overtook South Africa's by 2030 the USDA
has predicted the nation will have the
19th largest economy in the world thanks
for watching don't forget to subscribe
like and share this with your friends
