in July 2015
Greece voted against further austerity
measures in exchange for bailing out
their tremendous debt this move has
continued to strain the relationship
between Greece and Germany as the two
major players in the EU stat crisis but
this isn't the first time the two
countries have come head-to-head so why
do Greece and Germany hate each other
the two countries difficult relationship
can actually be traced back to modern
Greece's beginnings in the 1830s Greece
finally established itself as
independent from the Ottoman Empire
their first ruler was otto from bavaria
a german state however otto was still a
teenager at the time so greece was
actually ruled by three other Bavarians
who were not welcomed by the greeks this
eventually led to King Otto's deposition
and the Queen's near assassination this
rocky start didn't bode well for the
future of their relationship
fast-forward to World War two when
Hitler invaded Greece in 1941 the
following German occupation led to
hundreds of thousands dying of hunger or
being murdered over a million Greeks
were made homeless and Greece's banks
were drained to fund the war in 1944
German soldiers massacred over 200
Greeks in retaliation for the deaths of
seven Nazi soldiers Greece's grievances
concerning this event have continued
till today in 1960 Germany paid Greece
roughly 60 million euros as war
reparations and said they owed them no
war Greece passionately objected to
closing the issue and the debate
continued for decades in 1997 a Greek
court found that Germany was responsible
for further compensation for the 1944
massacre however in 2012 The Hague ruled
that Germany was immune from foreign
lawsuits sparking the ire of Greek
citizens today the two countries
continue to be at odds over the money
Greece owes its creditors the Greek
Prime Minister argued that the amount of
money due to them in reparations would
cover a significant portion of the debt
in question Greece has threatened to
cease German property to pay for the
alleged reparations meanwhile Germany
and the rest of the eurozone are
desperate to find a solution that keeps
that
EU economy from collapsing from Greece's
inflexibility the two countries having
tense history that is doing them no
favors in calming the waters now if
you're interested in learning about
other countries that just can't seem to
make it work check out our full playlist
now including this one on why Greece and
Macedonia hate each other many of you
the state border between Greece and the
Republic of Macedonia as an illegal
partition of their people on the other
hand Greece and other nations refuse to
acknowledge an independent Macedonian
identity and as always thanks for
watching test-tube news make sure to
subscribe for new videos every day
