North Korea the often politically
hostile Hermit Kingdom is in the middle
of a severe drought although the United
States has previously been a major
supplier of humanitarian aid to North
Korea they are now refusing to send any
help so who is giving aid to North Korea
well in the past from 1996 to 2004 about
80% of North Korean food aid was donated
by four countries the US China South
Korea and Japan during that time North
Korea attracted millions of tons of food
aid this was initially in response to a
crippling famine in the region known
later as the arduous March the US was
one of the most prolific known
contributors giving more than two
million tons of food aid and 1.3 billion
dollars total since 1995 however since
North Korea continues to develop nuclear
weapons and maintains a record of human
rights violations in the later 2000s
their donations began to disappear today
agencies that organize food efforts
toward North Koreans are struggling to
find funding and according to the
Congressional Research Service since
2009 donations from all countries except
China have dwindled to a minimal amount
also since that time President Obama has
adopted a policy of strategic patience
toward North Korea essentially giving
the country the silent treatment and no
humanitarian aid at all the amount that
China presently donates is unknown but
in 2012 China provided nearly two-thirds
of food assistance that year
North Korea's diplomatic relationship
with China is unique and they have
strong trade ties although many
criticize sending aid to a hostile
country the United Nations chief
reportedly has stressed that
humanitarian assistance should not be
linked to political or security
considerations and recently the UN
claimed that about 70 percent of North
Koreans are food insecure and almost
one-third of children under 5 are
stunted food aid is a matter of life and
death for many in countries like North
Korea especially unfortunately food is
also just another bargaining chip on the
national
and international stage within North
Korea according to the UN they
prioritize food supplies toward high
status members and many other groups are
considered expendable then on a global
level the United States and other
countries essentially use the
withholding of food aid as a tool to
encourage cooperation from North Korea
it's unclear whether it's best to send
or withhold aid from North Korea but at
the current moment most potential
benefactors may be out of generosity for
the nation if you want to learn more
about North Korea's infamous leader Kim
jong-un
make sure you check out our full video
click the link in the description to see
the rest Kim jong-un is the third and
youngest son of Kim jong-il the former
leader of North Korea in 2011 when the
elder Kim died the role of supreme
leader went to Kim jong-un instead of
his older brothers who were at odds with
the regime's expectations and if you
enjoyed this video please consider
subscribing - thank you so much for
watching test-tube news
