in June 2015 the Federal Reserve
announced that it would not be raising
interest rates because the US economy
couldn't handle the change they also
lowered their expectations for the
coming year in terms of economic growth
but what does any of that mean what is
the Federal Reserve and how do they
affect the economy okay so the Federal
Reserve or the Fed is the us's
central bank this means that they
oversee all American banks and are the
only ones allowed to issue u.s. currency
essentially they regulate the American
economy and that means they wield a lot
of power and responsibility one of their
most significant roles is changing
interest rates in order to keep the US
economy in check the way it works is
like this the Fed is what lends money to
all US banks at a certain interest rate
whatever interest rate they charge is
going to correspond with the interest
rate your bank charges you when interest
rates are low people borrow more and
then spend more this stimulates the
economy following the 2007 financial
crash the Fed dropped rates to nearly
zero in the hopes that it would
encourage people to spend on the other
hand when the economy is strong people
spend more causing inflation if the rate
of inflation gets too high then prices
skyrocket and the economy crashes so
when things are going a little too well
the Fed raises those interest rates to
keep everything on track it is by
raising and lowering interest rates that
the Fed tries to balance America's
financial situation the Fed was
originally created in 1913 as a response
to the panic of 1907 at the time private
banks across the country were running
out of money in order to stop the market
from crashing banker JP Morgan took
control of the banking industry and got
stronger banks to help out failing banks
basically the Fed was created to
similarly regulate and direct banks and
to be able to inject money into the
economy when necessary but with so much
responsibility the Fed has been pointed
to as a major factor in both the 1933
Great Depression and a 2007 recession in
terms of the recent housing bubble they
were blamed for keeping interest rates
low after a minor 2001 recession this
led to low interest borrowing across the
country and was one of the reasons
people
borrowed money for houses they couldn't
afford the Fed is also directly
responsible for a period of extreme
inflation and high unemployment during
the 1970s caused by the over printing of
money they've also been criticized for a
lack of transparency in their operations
the Federal Reserve has been a common
topic of contention for politicians and
those unhappy with the current US
economy whether or not it should be
government controlled or even exist at
all our difficult questions to answer at
the very least it's important to
consider the relevant effect they have
on keeping America's economy at a steady
rate of growth with such a high amount
of debt to itself banks and foreign
countries can the u.s. still call itself
a wealthy nation check out our video
here to learn all about it a lot of
noise is made in the press about foreign
countries owning US debt but they only
hold about 1/3 of the total debt and it
doesn't even really matter how much that
they own thanks for watching test-tube
don't forget to subscribe for all of our
videos every day
