the United States is well known for its
love of guns with more guns per resident
than any other country on earth the US
also suffers from the highest number of
gun deaths per capita so why does
America love guns so much well the basis
for the u.s. is gun policy is the Second
Amendment to the United States
Constitution it states a well-regulated
militia being necessary to the security
of a free State the right of the people
to keep and bear Arms shall not be
infringed since it was written in 1791
gun control laws have been narrowed down
and varied from state to state
however America's love of guns still
comes from their early history the
founding fathers understood that in most
conflicts the more powerfully armed
force usually wins the Second Amendment
was intended to fight tyrannical
oppression defend against invaders and
guarantee the right to self-defense the
right to self-defense is actually found
in the British common law in which the
founders based much of the Constitution
inherent in America's birth is the idea
that freedom and liberty must be
defended with force today although the
political and military situation has
changed many Americans continue to
associate freedom with gun ownership
pro-gun advocates such as the National
Rifle Association argue that guns allow
people to protect themselves against
criminals with guns it's argued that
since guns are so ubiquitous gun control
laws would only prevent law-abiding
citizens from having guns meanwhile
criminals would ignore those laws and
crime would increase a 2014 Pew study
confirms that American attitudes have
shifted toward gun ownership rights
instead of gun control to suggest that
people believe it is safer to have guns
for protection than to limit gun
ownership the most repeated argument for
associating freedom and guns is that the
United States government was intended to
exist only at the whim of its citizens
in 1946 a town in Tennessee led an armed
revolt against the police and Sheriff he
had restricted their voting rights
unlawfully jailed and fined citizens for
profit and rigged an election as it says
in the Declaration of Independence
whenever any form of government becomes
destructive it is the right of the
people to alter or abolish it it is
argued that the Second Amendment is
supposed to guarantee the people's
ability to actually get that done still
despite the potential freedom from
tyranny conflicting studies can't seem
to determine whether or not gun controls
actually lower violent crime however
researchers at Harvard determined that
in nearly every case more guns equals
more homicides in the US children are 17
times more likely to be murdered with a
firearm than in other countries still it
is doubtful that Americans will ever
transition away from conflating guns and
freedom Europe has a very different
relationship with guns than United
States but do the gun control laws there
really work well check out our video in
other places like Lithuania and Romania
few civilians own firearms because at
one point they were part of the Soviet
Union which had extremely strict gun
laws thanks for watching test-tube join
us on Facebook and Twitter if you've got
any other ideas for videos
