seventy years ago the United Nations
Charter was signed and ratified creating
the world's most comprehensive global
leadership organization the UN's main
goals include improving education child
mortality rates maternal health gender
equality and many other initiatives so
can they do it exactly how effective is
the United Nations the United Nations
emerged after World War two with the
objective of achieving a global balance
of peace between world powers today they
have 193 member states and they have
roughly 100,000 soldiers or blue berets
operating 16 separate peacekeeping
missions around the globe
that's about equal to the active
manpower of Canada they also have
numerous government branches like the
World Health Organization and the
International Court of Justice to
further focus peacekeeping efforts but
even with so many assets they have been
criticized at times for inefficiency and
ineffectiveness specific instances that
haunt the UN are conflicts during the
1990s in Rwanda Somalia and the former
Yugoslavia the peacekeeping forces that
were sent there were too small to cope
with the violence as a result many
people were killed these incidents force
the United Nations to reassess their
resources and methods of handling
ongoing Wars but there have been many
other successful peacekeeping missions
throughout places like Angola Namibia El
Salvador and Mozambique
United Nations officials can monitor
ceasefire agreements and observe
demilitarization efforts officials also
regulate nuclear proliferation with
their International Atomic Energy Agency
thanks primarily to UN organizations
smallpox has been completely eradicated
since 1980 and polio is expected to be
eliminated in 2018 the UN has improved
literacy rates across the globe child
mortality rates and women's rights they
also work to extract dangerous landmines
across the globe and combat terrorism as
a result of extensive and innovative
humanitarian work UN officials UN
agencies and the entire organization
itself has been awarded 11 Nobel prizes
over the years so is the United Nations
effective well although they've had
their setbacks in the past the
organization is without a doubt the
strongest most wide-reaching and well
expected global peace initiative the
world has ever seen as long as they
retain support and commitment from their
members the United Nations could finally
be the one government entity that clears
the path to future peace if you want to
get a better picture of the UN's
influence in the world check out seekers
video about UNESCO the agency that helps
preserve human history or to learn about
how powerful the UN actually is watch
our video below thanks for watching
test-tube news please subscribe so you
get all of our videos every day
