in June 2015 a 21 year old white male in
South Carolina opened fire in an
african-american church killing nine
churchgoers in response the media and
general public began speculating as to
whether this mass shooting was a hate
crime or an act of terrorism but what is
the actual difference between a hate
crime and terrorism while both terms are
specifically defined in US federal law
largely based on the intent of the
assailant
the term hate crime was defined by
Congress as a crime motivated by the
victims race ethnicity religion sexual
orientation or disability these are
considered federally protected groups
whereas an act of terror is
distinguished as being intended to
intimidate or coerce a civilian
population or government through mass
destruction assassination or kidnapping
despite the distinction between the two
there is a significant amount of overlap
however the defining feature of
terrorism is the intent to intimidate or
influence a larger population part of
the reason that many religious attacks
are considered terrorism is because they
intend to scare or provoke a larger
group usually counter to their religion
one of the reasons September 11th was
considered a terror attack was because
of sama bin Laden laid out the motive as
being retribution against the West for
various grievances obviously the attack
was intended to provoke and influence
the United States some have even
suggested that 9/11 was done to bankrupt
the US with an expensive war these
satisfy the requirements for terrorism
by comparison an indiscriminate mass
shooting like in Aurora Colorado would
not be considered an act of terrorism or
a hate crime it would more likely be
attributed to the motive of wanting to
murder a large group of people without
evidence of the intent to harm a
protected group or influence a
population or government it would simply
be considered a mass shooting in the
case of the South Carolina shooting the
suspect was quoted as saying you are
taking over our country you have to go
during the attack this is assumed to be
in reference to African Americans
overall and not exclusively those who he
killed this suggests that his motive was
a larger racial scope than simply hating
African
Americans and wanting to kill them and
could certainly qualify as terrorism
perhaps it's easiest to say that while
most terrorism would also qualify as a
hate crime
not all hate crimes are acts of
terrorism although there is regularly a
movement to paint white crimes as mental
illness or hate crimes while calling
minority crimes acts of terrorism it is
important to note that the difference is
not based on race but intent the term
terrorism is notoriously vague so how do
we define acts of terror check out our
full video here so what exactly
constitutes terrorism a mix of those
definitions results in something like
this terrorism is violence or the threat
of violence against non-combatants or
civilians usually motivated by political
religious or ideological beliefs and
thank you for watching test-tube news
don't forget to subscribe for more
videos
