you guys we finally did it test-tube
news has hit half a million subscribers
than it is entirely thanks to all of you
watching and sharing and liking and
subscribing is a big thank you to our
loyal viewers we have a special video to
kick off this episode my name is miguel
ichika but if people call me president
bye I prefer to be called me and I would
like to congratulate you on having half
a million subscribers which is great job
here we go how powerful is sliver 1 well
the Micronesian of liberland was founded
in april 2015 as a tax less unregulated
libertarian utopia on a small piece of
disputed territory so far their assets
consists entirely of a dilapidated house
left over from the 80s a number of self
issued stamps and a massive worldwide
internet presence although liberland is
small it's only the third smallest
country in the world it is roughly 16
times the size of the Vatican and two
and a half times the size of Monaco
liberland
2.7 square miles could potentially hold
400 Walmart supercenters 115 Louvre
museums or replace New York's largest
landfill
now although liberland has received
literally hundreds of thousands of
applications for citizenship few people
actually populate the country as a
matter of fact their president was
arrested twice while trying to enter
liberland making its current permanent
population zero still as a free country
it stands to reason that most if not all
of the 360,000 applicants will be
allowed in making liberland the most
densely populated country in history at
one hundred and thirty three thousand
residents per square mile that is more
than two and a half times the density of
the current frontrunner so look out
China's autonomous region of Macau but
can liberland economy support such a
significant potential population
although no GDP figures are yet
available their president has informed
us that they've received about $40,000
in donations so far this makes liberland
the most severely impoverished country
on earth please write to the UN and
petition your local government to send
humanitarian aid to
Berlant and don't worry they do take
Bitcoin of course a nation is only as
powerful as its diplomatic ties without
them there is nobody to come to your aid
when a disaster strikes an invading army
shows up or a gust of wind knocks down
your parliamentary building luckily
they're not all alone out there the one
and only country to recognize their
sovereignty and establish diplomatic
relations is the kingdom of North Sudan
however it might be worth noting that
the kingdom of North Sudan is actually
another micro nation which is ruled by
the Iron Fist of a 7 year old American
girl from Virginia powerful allies
indeed finally considering that
liberland head of state was stopped from
entering the country by a few croatian
police officers it's unlikely liberland
has an effective defense force in fact
they state that their only military
weapon is quote diplomacy that ranks
them somewhere around 200 in the world
militarily still they're tied with about
15 other defenseless countries including
Liechtenstein the world's largest
producer of false teeth so all in all
how powerful is liberland well it is the
third smallest most impoverished
unprotected tax-free Land of drugs and
guns but their political premise which
is personal liberty secularism and a
lack of Nazi or communists makes
liberland the single most ideologically
powerful nation on earth since the
ancient Roman Empire live and let live
do you want to learn more about how to
create your own country check out our
video on that here you can also try to
invade an existing plot of land and hope
that you can defend your proclaimed
borders or that no one cares and leaves
you alone either way you need to be able
to define your borders and have some
form of control over them and to those
of you that have been with us for a long
time thank you so much for all your
support
next up 1 million subscribers right
let's get there thanks for watching
test-tube
