in June 2015
controversial media mogul Rupert Murdoch
announced that he would be stepping down
as CEO of 21st Century Fox the success
of his sensational tabloid style has
made the 84 year old business magnate
extremely rich and politically
influential so how did he do it
who is Rupert Murdoch well Rupert
Murdoch was born in Australia to Sir
Keith Arthur Murdoch his father was the
owner of a thriving newspaper Group News
Limited after inheriting News Limited at
the age of 21 Murdoch was credited with
inventing the modern tabloid he
increased his newspapers popularity by
using eye-catching headlines and
scandalous stories over the next few
decades Murdoch purchased a large number
of newspaper companies in Australia the
United Kingdom and the United States
within 50 years his News Corporation
came to own more than 800 companies in
over 50 countries this pushed his
personal net worth up to thirteen point
nine billion and made him one of the
richest people in the world as the
controlling interest in a large number
of popular media companies he has been
criticised for pushing a politically
biased slant in his publications
Murdoch's support of British Prime
Minister's Margaret Thatcher and Tony
Blair has been evident in the coverage
they've received in his papers regular
secretive meetings between Blair and
Murdoch became the topic of much
controversy in Britain so did the
revelation in 2011 that the current
British PM David Cameron had also been
secretly meeting with Murdoch in 2011
one of his companies News International
came under investigation for hacking
into the voicemails of certain public
figures in connection to the case
Murdoch himself has been investigated
for bribery and corruption by the FBI in
2012 he resigned from News International
Murdoch's media Holding Company News
Corporation was the third largest media
conglomerate in the world in 2009 in
2013 it was split into News Corp and
21st Century Fox his style of media is
best seen in the extremely successful
and conservative fox news cable channel
with a direct opposition to liberal
viewpoints however
Murdoch has openly supported Hillary
Clinton and in 2008 predicted that
Barack Obama would win the
affection calling him a rock star
Murdock has been criticized for the
opinionated bias of his publications and
the global shift to a more popular but
misleading style of tabloid journalism
however his overwhelming success in
publishing suggests that many are
receptive to this approach in 2009 Fox
News was responsible for nine out of the
ten most watched cable programs in
Australia his newspapers accounted for
nearly 60% of the daily newspaper market
although insider sources have said his
recent stepping down is more of a title
change than a leadership change it's
clear that his legacy and methods will
continue for a long time to come
the importance of good journalism is
often overlooked but there are times
when a story has changed the course of
history to learn about some of these
stories watch our video here sometimes
journalism doesn't just report on an
issue but changes the issue itself with
the rise of blogging clickbait and low
effort journalism it might be worthwhile
to look at some reporters who changed
the course of history please remember
that you can subscribe to see all of our
newest videos and thank you as always
for watching test-tube news
