in May of 2015 Israel's Supreme Court
approved the demolition of a Bedouin
village to make way for a new Jewish
community
however the United Nations has expressed
concern that this controversial decision
may constitute a human rights violation
against what is already one of the
poorest ethnic groups in the world so
who are the veterans and what is their
story well the word Bedouins is a
derivative of the Arabic word for nomads
they're an ethnic group known for
roaming the deserts of the Middle East
and North Africa often with pastoral
herds of goats and camels since as early
as the ninth century BC today many
subscribed to the Sunni Islam faith
however Bedouin culture is thought to
predate the spread of Islam
like many nomadic tribes they live under
a strict code of honor which reportedly
includes a form of lie detection that
involves placing a hot spoon on the
tongue of the alleged liar they also
have a well-defined hierarchy of loyalty
summarized by the widely quoted proverb
I against my brother my brothers and I
against my cousins and then my cousins
and I against strangers as nomads the
Bedouin is historically thrived by
protecting and operating desert trade
routes however in the last few centuries
the Bedouin way of life has changed with
the rise of the Ottoman Empire and
modern government's emphasis on land
ownership much of the land that Bedouin
is used pastorally was no longer
available many clans had no choice but
to settle down and become semi-nomadic
one of the most prominent Bedouin clans
settled in the Negev region of what is
now Israel during the late 19th and
early 20th centuries at the time the
newly formed Israeli government
originally set aside specific land for
the better ones however some groups
settled on empty government property
sparking off intense territorial
disputes that still continue today
currently there may be as many as 3 or 4
million veterans in the world and the
status of many of them even outside of
Israel represents a murky political and
social question many countries make
efforts to preserve the ethnic group
through aid programs but they still face
persecution and difficulty in gaining
citizenship in some parts of the Middle
East
if you're interested in learning more
about lesser-known cultures around the
world make sure you check out our video
on the Romani people more commonly known
as the gypsies Roma practiced many
different religions typically adopting
the dominant faith of whichever country
they're in the Roman II people also
follow their own folk traditions and
standards of Honor and justice thanks
for watching test-tube don't forget to
subscribe
