recently a pharmaceutical research and
manufacturing center in New York was
repurposed for the intent of growing and
refining medical marijuana in fact with
the spread of legalized or
decriminalized weed corporations have
been scrambling to cash in and gain
market share on this legally murky drug
but why isn't corporate weed more common
in countries like Canada medical
marijuana is big business but originally
there were few limits on who could grow
marijuana to resell between government
grow-ops private farms and small
businesses all doing the same thing
police and local governments ended up
regularly complaining about the
unregulated system today medical
marijuana users in Canada are limited
one of several large government approved
corporate growers they're expected to
bring in over three billion Canadian
dollars over the next 10 years but in
the United States the federal government
is less accepting of large or small
scale growers since marijuana is still
technically illegal on a federal level
the risk involved is significantly
higher and whole process is more
complicated growers are prohibited from
using federal water in their operations
and many banks have been reticent to
loan or accept marijuana money and
although the Department of Justice has
promised to cool off on prosecutions
they still openly threaten the marijuana
business in a memo to the US Attorney
the DOJ reaffirmed that marijuana was
quote a dangerous drug and that they
would continue enforcing anti-drug laws
their regulatory attempts at stopping
interstate trafficking used by minors
intoxicated driving and criminal revenue
from pot sales threaten the US marijuana
industry on top of everything else the
foggy legality of marijuana creates
significant tax revenue problems pot
falls under section 280a of the tax code
which prohibits tax credits or
deductions on any federally illegal
drugs in response the IRS points the
blame at Congress which has thus far
refused to decriminalize there are a
number of hurdles to clear before an
effective system of sales and revenue
can be established looking at Colorado
it's clear that the federal government
is missing
out on at least some significant taxable
income in just the years since it was
legalized in that state pot brought in
36 point five million dollars in taxes
alone that's not to mention the jobs
created from ancillary businesses and
money made from increased tourism still
marijuana legislation has changed more
in the past few years than it has in the
past few decades it seems it's only a
matter of time until public opinion
changes public policy and paves the way
for corporate marijuana the business of
marijuana has already been booming in
some pretty interesting ways check out
how some are hosting high-class
marijuana dinner parties in our latest
episode of seeker stories the canister
event is about bringing people together
that our interested in cannabis but
creating an environment that doesn't
exemplify the stoner thanks for watching
and don't forget to subscribe
