to fame Palestinian nuns were recently
declared Saints by Pope Francis in Rome
so how does one become a saint many
religions have Saints and across the
board they usually show similar
characteristics like being a role model
renouncing material possessions and
above all being devoted to God but Roman
Catholicism in particular has definitive
steps towards achieving sainthood first
the person must have been deceased for
at least five years well usually if the
popularity and reputation of the
candidate is endorsed by higher-ups in
the Catholic Church then they are given
a preliminary label of servant of God
however recently this waiting period was
waived for more popular figures like
Pope John Paul the second and mother
Teresa
afterwards local officials submit a
detailed petition for the candidate
sainthood to the Congregation for the
causes of the Saints this group is made
up of Cardinals bishops and Archbishop's
who then determine whether the servant
of God lived a life of heroic virtue if
so they are given the title of venerable
the major qualification for sainthood is
performing at least two miracles
the first Merkle must be verified by a
board of italian doctors called the
concert america who are selected to
investigate miracle claims the miracle
must be directly attributable to the
candidates divine intervention for
instance Mother Teresa's first verified
miracle allegedly happened when a woman
in India placed a portrait of mother
Teresa over her body and subsequently
recovered from a cancer assist if
Vatican officials deemed the first
miracle as true the saint is then
considered beatified and blessed by God
the final step in becoming a Catholic
saint is a second verified Merkel for
Pope John Paul the second a Costa Rican
woman said she was inexplicably healed
from a brain aneurysm after praying to
the Pope if the second miracle is proven
the current Pope performs a ceremony of
canonization and the Blessed person then
becomes a saint
as a result of Confirmation everyday
people may now pray to the new state who
holds the official capacity to petition
God on their behalf as an exception
martyrs or people who died for their
faith can also be declared Saints
without having performed miracles the
road to sainthood is a long one and can
take even hundreds of years experts
agree that the best way to become a
saint is not to think of sainthood as
the end goal and it is often noted that
the church itself does not make sense
rather they only recognize Saints that
God has created test-tube news fans are
you on snapchat because so are we will
be sharing some of the top news
headlines featured stories and other
exciting stuff so make sure you add us
at at test-tube news or snap this box
right up here thanks for watching and as
always please subscribe
