in May of 2015
seven FIFA soccer officials were
arrested in Switzerland on corruption
charges now US authorities are
attempting to extradite the group for
prosecution so what is extradition
well extradition is how countries are
able to prosecute people for crimes when
the criminal has left the country where
the crime was committed since a foreign
country is in control of its population
and borders there's no inherent
obligation to cooperate when it comes to
criminal deportation as a result a
special process known as extradition is
an agreement between countries to
transfer suspects to wherever they are
intended to be prosecuted
however extradition is tricky not only
do some countries dislike each other but
many countries have laws that directly
contradict although most of the time
countries do send suspects back to where
they came from
there are several reasons why that might
not happen first the criminal act must
be illegal in both the receiving and
extraditing countries a strict Middle
Eastern nation would have a hard time
trying to extradite a woman in Canada
for disobeying Sharia law additionally
very few countries are willing to
extradite for political or religious
reasons as in the case of Julian
Assange's extradition request being
denied by Ecuador a third reason is if
the extraditing country disagrees with
the potential punishment of the person
they're sending back for example a
country that disagrees with the death
penalty like France it refused to
extradite a murderer to the US on the
basis that they might get the death
penalty when they return equally if
government officials believe that the
host country may torture a person they
would also refuse finally some countries
like Japan or Germany do not usually
extradite their own citizens however
they do often prosecute that person
within their own borders still some
types of offenses are considered
international crimes and directly
obligate host countries to extradite the
person in question these crimes are
usually terrorism related additionally
countries like the US have been
implicated in what is called
extraordinary rendition where suspects
are kidnapped and sent to secretive
locations called black sites for
prosecution
although most countries have simple
extradition treaties with each other no
country has treaties with all
other countries which means that if
you're going to commit a crime there
will always be a country where you could
run and hide unless the CIA finds you if
you're interested in learning more about
these secret illegal CIA black sites
make sure you check out our full episode
on that here despite harsh and
potentially unlawful conditions in 2006
the Bush administration maintained that
the detention of illegal combatants and
foreign black sites is us is right under
the laws of war thank you for watching
test-tube make sure to subscribe now so
that you don't miss a single episode
