continuing our coverage of presidential
candidates we turn our eye to the
banjo-playing former mayor of Baltimore
and 61st governor of Maryland Democrat
martin O'Malley the charismatic
candidate has a long attracted public
attention although not always positive
so we wanted to know who exactly is
Martin O'Malley O'Malley's political
career has seen its ups and downs after
losing a state Senate race the Caucasian
candidate was elected mayor of the
predominantly african-american city of
Baltimore in 1999 although he promised
to cut crime the city continued to
suffer from a high homicide rate and
poor education however he did introduce
a statistical system of cataloguing
crime based on a New York model in order
to find out where the high crime areas
are this system was later implemented on
a state level and one Harvard
University's innovations in American
government award during his tenure of
both Esquire and time called him one of
the country's best mayors in 2007 after
being elected the governor of Maryland
he supported a bill legalizing same-sex
marriage in the state it ended up
passing and was the first time in US
history that same-sex marriage was
legalized by a popular vote he also
supports immigration and called illegal
immigrants quote new Americans in 2011
he signed a law allowing children of
illegal immigrants to receive in-state
tuition
Maryland was also the first state to
pass Obama's DREAM Act which would
provide a conditional path to
citizenship for illegal immigrants
O'Malley has generally been supportive
of funding abortion rights he is also a
proponent of Obamacare and has called
health care a right not a privilege on
the other hand O'Malley has voiced his
opposition to the death penalty and
legalizing marijuana this could be the
result of his tenure in the high
drug-use high homicide Baltimore
although O'Malley is well liked by his
Maryland constituents some have argued
that his lack of experience on a federal
level may hurt his presidential chances
this was particularly relevant when he
refused to answer any foreign policy
questions during a visit to the Middle
East saying I hope you'll respect my
right to shy away from answering them
still we'll just have to wait and see
how far O'Malley's popularity and
stances will get him in this race if you
want to learn more about the candidates
of the upcoming 2016 US presidential
election check out these two about
O'Malley's fellow Democrats in the
running the socialist Bernie Sanders or
his biggest challenge Hillary Clinton
thanks for watching test-tube and make
sure you remember to subscribe
