on May 19 2015 a line owned by Plains
all-american ruptured and leaked
thousands of gallons of oil into the
ocean near Santa Barbara unfortunately
this was not the company's first spill
like many oil related disasters it
caused significant damage to the
ecosystem with great loss a plant and
animal life so what happens now who gets
the blame and what are the penalties for
oil spills well usually the company
overseeing the oil when it spilled is
the most at fault but there are cases
where a single person is charged as well
the captain of a ship which spells oil
for instance may be investigated for
negligence in the case of the Exxon
Valdez spell 11 million gallons of oil
was spilled along the Alaskan coast in
1989 the ship's captain was convicted of
a misdemeanor and fined $50,000 but
penalties for large oil companies can
have a much bigger price tag in the
Exxon Valdez case oil giant Exxon Mobil
was originally ordered to pay more than
five billion dollars in damages however
that number was later reduced to about
five hundred million for the Deepwater
Horizon incident considered one of the
biggest oil spills of all time oil
company BP has paid about thirty billion
dollars so far in cleanup efforts and
damages in the United States these fines
are levied out by several regulatory
agencies on both the state and federal
levels
the main prosecutors are often the US
Coast Guard or the Environmental
Protection Agency they used the Oil
Pollution Act of 1990 to sue for
monetary compensation of the cleanup and
the ecosystem destruction other state or
federal courts may invoke further civil
penalties against the company for
illegal or negligent business practices
how are those penalties assessed well
researchers judge how many total gallons
were estimated to have been spilled
along with any mitigating factors the
penalty per gallon can be more expensive
if the spill is in a sensitive ecosystem
if the oil is really toxic if there was
a delay in notifying government
officials or if the company is a repeat
offender in the case of BP's Deepwater
Horizon a judge found the company to be
grossly negligent which carried a
maximum fine of $4,300 per spilled
barrel this is nearly quadruple what the
maximum fine would have been if the
judge found BP guilty of only some
negligence but although many
environmentalists encourage even more
drastic fines the ultimate goal of
anti-pollution legislation is not to
completely bankrupt companies instead
it's meant to scare them into taking
more precautions against oil spills the
American Petroleum Institute has
reported that even as US oil imports and
exports have increased around the world
spills on average have declined
internationally in the case of the
recent Santa Barbara spill federal
authorities are already on the scene
investigating who is at fault and the
extent of the damage because the US has
some of the strictest laws regarding oil
spills in the world planes all American
will likely experience long court
battles and huge fines the largest oil
spill in history took place in the
Persian Gulf and has left devastating
effects to this day to learn more about
this disaster check out this video from
seeker like many other oil spills this
was a tragic accident but the largest
oil spill in history was deliberate
there's a link to that video in the
description below and as always thanks
for watching
