recently citizens of Okinawa Japan
protested the United States military
presence on their island most were
concerns that a Marine Corps Base posed
a danger to nearby residents and some
held signs saying get out Marines but
Japan is not the only country currently
hosting US Defense Forces so how many
military bases does the u.s. have
PolitiFact found that in 2011 there were
US military personnel in 148 countries
and there were roughly 662 US bases
officially listed around the world but
the amount of military personnel and
bases on foreign land varied widely
nations like Mongolia Togo Suriname and
Gabon may have less than 10 officials
stationed there other countries
including the United Kingdom Turkey and
Bahrain have more than a thousand u.s.
military personnel also American bases
outside the US can range from small
sites with a radio relay tower to huge
multi-million dollar complexes often the
US only counts its bases that are worth
more than 10 million dollars and
situated on tracts of land larger than
10 acres so why does the US have so many
bases well before and during the Cold
War the u.s. made mutually beneficial
agreements with several other nations
chiefly Germany Japan and South Korea
these countries allowed the u.s. to
establish a military presence within
their borders while the u.s. promised to
defend them this was especially crucial
half a century ago when Russia and China
were trying to expand territory and
threatening the security of several
nations presently the u.s. is still
unwilling to disband many of their
foreign sites and they have officially
more military bases outside their
country than any other nation but there
has been a growing push to do away with
many unnecessary bases on one side the
residents of foreign nations like Japan
don't want or need outside military
intervention anymore and on the other
side Americans have expressed
frustration in paying billions of
dollars in annual taxes to support so
many bases with the war in Afghanistan
winding down it is probable that the
number of American military sites in
foreign nations will decline in the come
years many critics of the global US
military presence have noted that it's
actually a huge contributing factor to
the rise of terrorism around the world
when comparing the 10-year periods
before and after the 2003 invasion of
Iraq the global terrorism database
reports that roughly 21,000 terrorist
incidents occurred between 1993 and 2003
to learn more about this subject check
out our video here and thank you for
watching test-tube don't forget to
subscribe so you get all of our videos
every day
