the United States is one of the world's
largest agricultural producers and
exporters with such a lucrative and
heavily subsidized industry Farms
require massive amounts of labour to
plant grow harvest grade pack and ship
the tons of food produced but as the
overall standard of life has gone up in
the United States its citizens have
become increasingly reticent to work in
the fields for such little pay so who's
doing the work well that's where migrant
workers come in starting around World
War two the u.s. implemented the bisetta
program which authorized the importation
of nearly 5 million temporary workers
from Mexico to support the agriculture
industry since then the heavy flow of
migrant workers has kept us farms viable
although at a severe cost to the workers
themselves every year as many as 3
million people come to the u.s. fleeing
an unstable economic and political
situation back home although conditions
may be better migrant work is
characterized by a low pay and limited
or no benefits most migrant workers are
under the age of 30 and work in
California Texas Washington Florida
Oregon and North Carolina about 75% of
migrants come from Mexico and more than
half are undocumented this creates a
situation where fear of deportation
prevents migrants from improving their
work conditions famed labor rights
activist cesar chavez made a name
campaigning this struggle many countries
are party to a United Nations Convention
which reaffirms the human rights of
migrant workers and their families
however as one of the biggest consumers
of foreign labor the US has avoided
ratifying the convention the issue of
undocumented workers in the United
States has raised the ire of
anti-immigration activists but the often
repeated idea that quote they're taking
our jobs has repeatedly been disproven
in fact when Georgia passed an anti
immigration bill forcing thousands of
workers to flee the state their
agricultural sector nearly collapsed
potentially losing as much as a billion
dollars the largest wave of immigration
occurred during the country's lowest
rate of unemployment and studies have
shown immigration actually creates more
jobs and strengthen si Akana
the most effective solutions are based
in labor rights reform and guaranteeing
higher wages and work conditions because
without migrant workers making up the
backbone of the agricultural industry
America has little chance of maintaining
its agro dominance America's struggle
with migrant workers is nothing new to
learn how in the great depression images
of the poor were once used as propaganda
check out this fascinating video from
seeker stories photographers and
filmmakers were sent in to document the
plight of all these struggling Americans
they understood the power of photography
that the struggle in these images might
create a new awareness check out that
full video with the link in the
description below thanks for watching
test-tube and please don't forget to
subscribe if you haven't done so already
