long known as a primary source of
sheep's wool and for Lord of the Rings
movies New Zealand is one of the quieter
more collected countries in the world
with few major international disputes
and a strong peacekeeping force the
small collection of islands is somewhat
isolated outside of their relations with
Australia and the Pacific Islands so how
powerful is New Zealand to start New
Zealand is actually made up of two
islands respectively called North and
South Islands along with a handful of
surrounding smaller islands - most of
New Zealand's four-and-a-half million
residents live on North Island with
nearly a third in the city of Auckland
but in total New Zealand covers only
about a hundred thousand square miles
that's roughly the same size as Colorado
with about a million fewer residents due
to its remote location in the
southwestern Pacific New Zealand was
actually one of the last areas in the
world to be populated by humans meaning
that their history only goes back to the
13th century although New Zealand has a
relatively low GDP of less than 200
billion ranking them 54th in the world
their quality of life is great
it holds the seventh highest human
development score and an average life
expectancy of 83 years for women and
seventy nine point five years for men
economically New Zealand used to be
famous for its wool exports but today
they've shifted primarily to exporting
dairy meat and wood in fact they are one
of the top milk producers in the world
New Zealand doesn't really have a lot of
money to spend on their military so they
only spend about one percent of their
GDP on defense but due to their remote
location and membership in a number of
international groups they're not
especially worried about being attacked
their military is more so used in UN
peacekeeping in 2014 they were ranked
the world's fourth most peaceful country
New Zealand also gets major points for
their political stability although they
are still technically presided over by
the Queen of England the parliamentary
democracy has been called one of the
world's best most transparent and least
corrupt additionally with nearly 80
percent voter turnout in their 2008
elections they have some of the highest
levels of civic participation
however despite New Zealand's
enlightened status they're not totally
free of problems New Zealand's
population
suffers from the fourth highest rate of
cancer and is the third most overweight
in the world but despite following a
high-income lifestyle of inactivity
Musial intends to score pretty high
everywhere else so how powerful is New
Zealand in terms of global effect not
very but in terms of quality of life
they're extremely powerful New Zealand
has a really interesting story that many
people don't know about if you're
interested in learning what the country
would be like had it never been
colonized make sure you check out this
awesome video from our friends at
alternate history hub in this alternate
timeline just how different would this
country be as always thanks so much for
watching test-tube see you next time
