in May of 2015 the Vatican officially
recognised the state of Palestine they
join at least 135 UN members who also
acknowledge Palestine's independence
however a number of countries Israel and
the u.s. in particular have failed to
recognize the legitimacy of an
independent Palestinian state with its 4
million inhabitants
so what's the deal why isn't Palestine a
state among other important political
and ideological factors it really comes
down to a lack of definite borders and
competing Palestinian government's it is
important to note that this is a
particularly controversial issue and
we'll do our best to stay neutral the
easiest place to start is with the
Ottoman Empire which ruled over what is
now Israel and Palestine since the early
16th century but following the end of
World War 1 the Ottoman Empire was
dissolved and the British received the
now disputed land although there were
many Arabs living in the area the
British were committed to establishing a
Jewish state whoever attempts at
negotiating borders within the area were
unilaterally rejected by Arab leaders
and the plans were dropped when World
War two began meanwhile hundreds of
thousands of Jews moved into the British
controlled area as anti-semitism and the
Holocaust flared throughout Europe after
the war had ended the UN partitioned the
area into two Arab and Jewish
territories in 1947 Jewish leaders
agreed to the deal but surrounding Arab
leaders again rejected the proposal and
responded by declaring war
the Jews won that war and on May 14th
1948 Jewish leaders announced that they
were establishing the State of Israel on
the land they now controlled they were
immediately recognized by the United
States the USSR and dozens of other
countries meanwhile Jordan and Egypt
laid claim to the non-jewish areas left
over and incorporated the existing Arabs
as Jordanian and Egyptian citizens for
the next decade tensions rose in the
area in 1967 after a number of small
border battles Egypt kicked out UN
peacekeepers and blocked Israel's access
to the red sea in response Israel began
the six-day war the relatively powerful
Israeli military ended up winning the
war claiming the West
Bank Gaza Strip Sinai Peninsula and
Golan Heights from Jordan Egypt and
Syria since then the question of whose
land is whose has centered on these
captured territories versus the borders
proposed by the UN in 1947 following
peace talks throughout the 90s and
mid-2000s Israel ceded control of
several areas to a limited
self-government the Palestinian
Authority Israel also withdrew their
military and Jewish settlers in the
region things seem to be headed toward
the peaceful resolution and possibly
even the establishment of an official
Palestinian state but in 2006
Palestinian residents voted Hamas an
organization widely considered a
terrorist group into their Parliament
and peace talks collapsed the new
Palestinian government clashed heavily
with the old one and the two split with
the Palestinian Authority governing the
West Bank and Hamas governing the Gaza
Strip the ongoing instability between
what Israel Palestine their populations
their governments and the surrounding
Arab states all want has made it nearly
impossible to agree on borders or
leadership still in 2012 Palestine was
granted non-member observer status by
the UN essentially recognising the de
facto status of the State of Palestine
with more and more countries coming out
to support Palestinian statehood it
seems like the only thing left is for
Israel and Palestine to come to some
sort of lasting agreement however
disputes about water rights occupation
of land freedom of movement and mutual
security suggest that reconciliation is
unlikely to happen in the near future
Jerusalem arguably the most holy city in
the world is a focal point for this
conflict to learn more about the city
and how it fits into the debate check
out our video here so what exactly is
going on in East Jerusalem well like
most things in the area its history is
complicated thanks for joining us on
test-tube and don't forget to subscribe
