after years of attention as a
significant force in the Tea Party
Senator Marco Rubio has announced that
he will be running for president in 2016
as one of only three Latino senators
Rubio's conservative stances are
slightly different than those of his
fellow Republican candidates so who
exactly is Marco Rubio well Marco Rubio
was born in Miami Florida and is the son
of Cuban refugees although he has
claimed that his parents fled Fidel
Castro's regime it was discovered that
they had left several years before
Castro came to power and left for
financial rather than political reasons
before becoming senator in 2010 he was
the Speaker of the Florida House of
Representatives most of Rubio's
political stances are very much in line
with conservative Tea Party views he is
generally against taxation including
capital gains in state taxes he is also
anti-abortion and opposes Roe vs. Wade
he disagrees with gay marriage and has
voted for bills to prevent it as well as
voting against anti-discrimination laws
he also opposes the idea that climate
change is caused by human activity and
opposes any legislation to address
climate change as well as legalizing or
decriminalizing marijuana and in 2011
Rubio voted to extend the NSA's wiretap
Authority through the Patriot Act
however when it comes to immigration
Rubio is somewhat more flexible possibly
because of his background although he
does not support amnesty in any form and
believes that English should be the
official language of the United States
Rubio's plan does give visas to children
of undocumented immigrants and allows
them to stay in the country before
applying for citizenship he has also
referred to the practice of asking for
proof of citizenship in Arizona as being
like a police state overall Rubio is a
safe choice for far-right conservatives
however his flip-flop from Catholicism
to Mormonism and back to Catholicism may
turn off some more religious voters his
thoughts on illegal immigration are also
out of line with Tea Party values still
as the crown prince of the tea party
Rubio has a very strong and active
support base in the coming election
if you're interested in learning more
about one of Rubio's GOP rivals for the
nomination make sure you check out our
video on Mike Huckabee most people
probably remember Huckabee as one of the
2008 Republican candidates who lost out
in the primaries to John McCain but as
he gears up for round two let's check
out where he stands on some more
controversial issues thanks for watching
test-tube please subscribe
