on May 7th 2015 the Federal Court of
Appeals in New York ruled that the
National Security Agency's collection of
American phone records in bulk is
illegal specifically they ruled that the
practice did not fall under the scope of
the USA PATRIOT Act which allows
wiretapping of individuals to detect and
prevent terrorism so what is the USA
PATRIOT Act well the USA PATRIOT Act is
a 10 letter acronym for the Uniting and
strengthening America by providing
appropriate tools required to intercept
and obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 it
was passed swiftly by Congress following
the terrorist attacks of September 11th
and signed into law by George W Bush in
2001 later when it was set to expire in
2011 Barack Obama renewed the law for
another four years the Patriot Act has
been the subject of intense controversy
although it was intended to prevent
terrorist attacks it has been accused of
infringing on basic American civil
liberties it allows any law enforcement
officials to skirt a US citizens Fourth
Amendment protections against
unreasonable search and seizure the
Patriot Act grants agencies like the FBI
sweeping surveillance power over cell
phone data internet search histories
medical histories library records and
any tangible thing for suspected
terrorists critics note that because
intelligence can be gathered secretly
with little oversight officials can
easily abuse their power and falsely
charge innocent people the Patriot Act
also allows for the indefinite detention
of anyone even non-us citizens without
probable cause
the New York Court recently ruled
against the NSA's mass phone
surveillance program because the judge
had said it would be an unprecedented
contraction of the privacy expectations
of all Americans yet they also made it
clear that if they wanted Congress would
absolutely be able to legalize the NSA's
actions by passing new laws to that
effect however they would not be able to
use the Patriot Act in its current form
to continue justifying the mass
surveillance the USA PATRIOT Act is set
to expire in June 2015 and Congress is
already discussing its renewal despite
massive opposition from numerous public
figures including senators celebrities
and whistleblowers like Edward Snowden
President Obama has continued his
support for the program he maintains
that there is
suitable oversight to potential privacy
abuses and that the program has had
proven results against terrorist
violence NSA surveillance will continue
to be a greatly divided increase its
digital footprint if you're curious to
dive deeper into why the NSA became the
closest thing to Big Brother that the
world has ever seen
check out our video here so what
happened how did the NSA get so powerful
well the NSA stems from agencies that we
created in order to collect information
about foreign nations during World War
one and World War two they collected
communications intelligence initially
radio signals and then as technology
advanced electronic intelligence don't
forget to subscribe and thanks as always
for watching test-tube we'll see you
tomorrow
