in March 2015 the Supreme Court ruled
unanimously that monitoring sex
offenders with GPS bracelets violates
their Fourth Amendment rights against
unreasonable police searches that same
month the Supreme Court of California
ruled that a law restricting where sex
offenders could live was also
unconstitutional
it's what rights do sex offenders have
well first of all what are sex offenders
well they can be categorized into three
tiers according to federal law tier
three is comprised of any violent sex
criminals sometimes referred to as
sexual predators tier two includes those
involved in sex trafficking distributing
child pornography or non violent sexual
contact with a minor tier one includes
lesser sex crimes like voyeurism
lewdness or nonviolent sexual contact
with anyone over eighteen within tier
one there are also more innocuous
offenses like urinating in public or
streaking consensual sex between
teenagers can also sometimes lead to sex
crime prosecution asked in posting nude
selfies online if you're a minor clearly
not all sex crimes are the same because
there's such a wide spectrum of sex
crimes the punishments can vary widely
between states from fines and counseling
to life in prison for example penalties
for indecent exposure can range from a
fine of $1,000 to 10 years in prison
depending on if children saw the lewd
act and in which state the crime was
committed additionally all sex offenders
are required to register in a national
database which is publicly available
online depending on their tiers sex
offenders can stay on this criminal
registry for life although some states
like Utah are more lenient sex offenders
are also usually prohibited from living
near schools or parks in many cases
they're required to identify themselves
to neighbors when moving into a new area
and to employers when applying for a new
job additionally sex offenders are
regularly ostracized from society
regardless of the severity of their
crime these factors can have a lasting
effect on their ability to find housing
and employment in San Diego if the
homeless population increased
significantly after law made it nearly
impossible for sex offenders to find
suitable housing that was 2,000 feet
away from all schools and parks the
California Supreme Court deemed this law
too restrictive of constitutional
liberties because sex crimes are such a
polarizing subject the question of
sex-offender civil rights is also a
sensitive topic not all criminal
offenses are the same however even human
rights activist John Walsh whose son's
death shaped current US sex crime laws
has said you can't paint sex offenders
with a broad brush some politicians have
called for reforms of excessive
punishments for lower tiered sex crimes
there's a small town in Florida that is
completely populated by sex offenders
it's a really interesting story and if
you'd like to hear it make sure you
check out this video from seeker daily a
little over six years ago an offender
named Pat powers claimed the dilapidated
town in the name of those who couldn't
live anywhere else the sex offenders are
largely reviled by the rest of society
laws make it so they can't live within
defined distances from where minors
congregate play or go to school thanks
for watching test-tube and please
subscribe
