with the recent devastating earthquake
in Nepal claiming thousands of lives the
Nepalese government has admitted that
they are ill-prepared to deal with
rescue efforts we wanted to examine the
political crisis leading up to this
natural disaster so what's been going on
in Nepal
Nepal's entire history has been
tumultuous to say the least for the past
few centuries multiple attempts at
democracy have failed and depleted
Nepal's ability to develop as a country
despite a historically resilient
population but let's start around the
1815 Anglo Nepalese war in which Nepal
lost 1/3 of their territory to the
British thirty years later came the cott
massacre in which a political rival
murdered a large portion of the monarchy
and took over as king beginning the rana
lineage the next hundred years of rule
were marked by tyranny religious
persecution and a drained economy in the
1950s attempts at democratization ended
the Branagh lineage but only lasted
about a decade for the next 30 years
Nepal was governed under the quasi
monarchy panchayat political system
which was marred by corruption
censorship and human rights abuses this
lasted until about 1990 when the
Nepalese people again tried to in-state
a democracy however in 1996 the
Communist Party of Nepal attempted a
violent coup which started the Nepal
civil war the conflict lasted until 2006
and left some 15,000 dead and over a
hundred thousand displaced the war only
ended when the new king finally agreed
to cede power the next few years saw
several back-and-forth struggles between
the Communist Party and the majority
parties this struggle finally culminated
in the dissolution of the existing
government in 2012 after it was unable
to draft a constitution it took until
2014 for a new prime minister to be
elected so what was the result of
hundreds of years of political
instability
well Nepal is one of the poorest and
most underdeveloped countries in the
world with an extremely low income
economy remittances sent back by family
members working outside the country make
up nearly 1/4 of Nepal's GDP
they're also ranked in the bottom
quarter of countries on the Human
Development Index
nopal holds least developed country
status meaning they're among the worst
in terms of poverty human resource
weakness and economic vulnerability with
next to no resources available to deal
with infrastructure or building codes
Nepal's capital Katmandu has been called
one of the worst earthquake prepared
cities in the world and with a lack of
local elections in the past decade the
worst affected villages are governed by
unprepared unelected committees the
deadly aftermath of this disaster can
largely be attributed to the country's
erratic political and social history
many aid and humanitarian organizations
have mobilized to provide much-needed
support but they need your help if
you're looking for a worthy cause to
donate to we've put a link to the global
giving fundraising campaign in the
description below and for any of you
that are on the hunt for exciting new
videos please join me on our new seeker
stories channel we've got a lot of
really great stuff coming out and we'd
love for you to see it click here to
watch and please don't forget to
subscribe
