in April 2015 India's Navy intercepted
nearly 500 pounds of heroin coming from
Pakistan it was the largest heroin
seizure ever reportedly worth nearly 100
million dollars for years Pakistan has
been stuck in what's called the golden
Crescent along with Iran and Afghanistan
the region produces more than 90% of the
world's non pharmaceutical grade opium
nearly half of that is smuggled through
Pakistan as a result the local Pakistani
population has been suffering from
widespread drug abuse due to the cheap
availability of opium so how bad is
Pakistan's heroin problem Pakistan has
been called the most heroin addicted
country in the world spending some 2
billion dollars a year on the drug the
UN reports more than 4 million
Pakistanis are addicted to drugs and
nearly a million are hardcore heroin
addicts that number has been rising
dramatically as war continues to spread
throughout the Middle East in Pakistan's
northern provinces not far from the
Afghan border it's been estimated that
one in ten residents use drugs at least
44 tons of heroin are smoked or injected
every year throughout Pakistan dwarfing
the u.s. is rate of consumption but drug
addiction alone isn't the only crisis
generated by Pakistan's heroin problem
as the number of addicts has grown so
has the rate of HIV in 2007 there are
about 90,000 addicts injecting heroin
today that number is closer to half a
million as many as three-quarters of
those have admitted to sharing needles
the result of this practice is that
between 2005 and 2011 rates of HIV
amongst drug users exploded from 11
percent to 40 percent and with
insufficient and underfunded drug
treatment centers the problem has only
gotten worse Pakistan's drug problem is
essentially the result of the relocation
of drug production in the Middle East
when Ayatollah Khomeini took over the
Iranian government in 1979 drug dealers
and manufacturers were forced out of the
country into neighboring Afghanistan
since then Pakistan has been used as one
of the main channels to smuggle as much
as 40 percent of the heroin produced
today heroin can be bought for less than
$2 in Pakistan's open drug market
although Pakistan is hoping to be drug
free by 2020 progress is slow
underfunded and
rehab hospitals are even being shut down
there's no telling how bad Pakistan's
drug epidemic will get before it starts
to get better but one thing is for sure
the flow of heroin throughout the region
isn't showing any signs of slowing if
you want to dive into the science of
what exactly makes heroin so deadly
check out this awesome video we made
over on dnews your brain starts going
hey I remember this thing let's do this
this will feel so good
your brain rewires itself to respond
more strongly to these memories don't
forget to subscribe for new videos every
day of the week and thank you for
watching test-tube
