in April 2015 President Barack Obama
finally removed Cuba from the list of
countries that support terrorism this
move along with a mutual agreement by
the u.s. and Cuba to discuss improved
relations is a big step toward lifting
the half-century long embargo against
the Communist Island here's a timeline
to help better understand the Cuba
embargo 1959 Fidel Castro leads an
invasion of Cuba instituting himself as
a communist dictator the following year
the Cuban government takes over all US
businesses in Cuba in response President
Dwight D Eisenhower cuts off relations
with Cuba and Institute's a presidential
proclamation to block exports President
John F Kennedy and the CIA attempt a
failed invasion of Cuba at the Bay of
Pigs the CIA also orchestrates a number
of plots to assassinate Fidel Castro but
none succeed the USSR sends nuclear
missiles to Cuba prompting the Cuban
Missile Crisis Kennedy orders a total
economic embargo including travel and
imports on Cuba after decades of
stalemate Cuba shoots down to US
aircrafts the u.s. passes the
helms-burton Act which makes the embargo
official US law instead of a
presidential proclamation President Bill
Clinton eases parts of the Cuban embargo
allowing food medicine and humanitarian
supplies later he allows Cuban Americans
to send money to their families and lift
certain travel restrictions the US
Secretary of State lists Cuba as an axis
of evil country for reportedly
attempting to develop biological weapons
President George W Bush increases
sanctions on Cuba restricting travel and
money transfers Fidel Castro's brother
Raul takes over as president of Cuba
President Obama lifts the bush imposed
travel and money restrictions Raul
Castro and President Obama agreed to
re-establish diplomatic relations after
more than a year of secret talks
involving Pope Francis the new changes
lift a number of restrictions on Cuba
President Obama removes Cuba from the
list of sponsored terrorism countries it
seems that after decades of embargo the
relationship between Cuba and the United
States is beginning to normalize it
appears to be only a matter of time
until the two countries finally resolve
their decades-long animosity Cuba isn't
the only country in Latin America that
has a messy relationship with the United
States to learn about why Venezuela
hates the u.s. check out our video here
venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro now
vows to retaliate against the u.s. so
what's behind this political strain why
do u Venezuela in the u.s. hate each
other thanks for watching test-tube and
please subscribe
