India is growing and changing fast but
some traditional views are still in
place institutions like the caste system
have been outlawed yet caste
discrimination and segregation still
occurs the most recent economic data
indicated in urban areas a wealth gap of
60% exists between people traditionally
from the highest and lowest caste so
what is the Indian caste system and how
is it affecting modern India well the
caste system is a hereditary social
hierarchy also called the Jette system
that's existed in India for nearly two
thousand years historians think that
these social distinctions may be based
in ancient Hinduism which delineates
four major social classes or varnas on
top of the Brahmin usually described as
priests and scholars then come a
Kshatriya described as nobles and
warriors the VISAA below them operate
commercial businesses and then the sudra
below them are referred to as laborers
or servants then there is a fifth group
completely ostracized from traditional
Indian society The Untouchables now
called the dal 'its this is the lowest
caste and is relegated to undesirable
jobs like cleaning sewers because they
are considered impure the Dalits have
been regularly segregated from schools
and religious temples and there are
reports that some have even been
punished for letting their shadow fall
on someone of a higher caste experts
think that this hierarchy wasn't
strictly adhered to in the region until
the British claimed India as a colony
and wrote the caste system into their
laws from there the system became more
rigid and when India gained independence
from Britain in 1947 it was ingrained
into the culture obviously the Daleks
got the short end of the stick in this
historical arrangement but in 1955
discrimination based on caste was
outlawed and to help reintegrate lower
castes into modern society the
government later implemented affirmative
action like quotas for certain jobs and
university admissions
however vestiges of the caste hierarchy
undoubtedly remained a politician's
caste continues to be an important
deciding factor for many voters and
marrying or acting outside of one's
caste continues to be taboo in many
rural areas for India to become
completely caste free more education
government policies and social programs
may be
although this social system is still
rooted deep in India it does have cracks
to hear the inspiring story of one young
boy who beat the system check out this
video from this happened here one
evening
Rutledge it had decided to stop in to
the store for some chai and whilst
drinking the first cup
he became intrigued by a conversation
that the owner was having with one of
his regular customers why listen to this
conversation I intentionally had three
cups of tea just to kind of stretch it
out and hear his story don't forget to
subscribe and thank you for watching
test-tube
