the total number of people forcibly
displaced from their homes worldwide
reached 51 million in 2013
refugees are often forced to live in
unsanitary conditions with limited
resources and protection refugee camps
are not designed to be permanent homes
the UN and private companies like IKEA
are working to create solutions to the
current refugee crisis our Kia's new
better shelter design is more durable
and energy efficient than standard
refugee tents it's hoped that new
shelters will provide safer longer-term
housing for the displaced the Syrian
civil war has claimed thousands of lives
and displaced millions to see exactly
where these refugees are going check out
our video now and don't forget to
subscribe for more videos about the
world every single day
