a study by the Pew Research Center says
that by the year 2050 the rapidly
growing Muslim population will catch up
to Christianity which is currently
practiced by more than a third of the
world at the same time the number of
religiously unaffiliated which includes
atheists agnostics and people with
nonspecific religious leanings is set to
steadily decline so what does the future
of religion look like some estimates
place the number of religions worldwide
in the thousands there are over 40,000
Christian sects alone but the five big
ones are Christianity Islam Hinduism
Buddhism Judaism plus the unaffiliated
today Christians and Muslims make up
roughly half of the world's population
with 31 and 23 percent respectively but
over the next 35 years as the world
population grows by another third
Muslims are expected to nearly double at
the same time the rest of the world's
religions including the unaffiliated are
expected to stay relatively stable and
even drop slightly in proportion to the
big two so why is this happening well
first of all on average Muslims have a
lot of babies and more than three per
woman this is roughly half a baby more
than Christian women produce on average
and that's twice the fertility rate of
Buddhists in the unaffiliated in India a
country with one of the fastest growing
Muslim populations this has been
attributed to younger marriages and a
resistance to contraception at the same
time Islam is already disproportionately
represented by followers under 15 and
the lowest proportion of followers over
65 again by comparison the unaffiliated
are nearly twice as likely to be old and
almost half as likely to be young
another factor is religious conversion
as Islam grows Christianity is slated to
lose as many as a hundred million
adherents over the next 35 years there
are a lot of factors at play when it
comes to religion but looking at the big
picture it seems like Islam is well on
its way to dominating the world stage
however few notes that predicting trends
that barn advances risky move as war
famine disease technological innovation
and political upheaval or other
unforeseen events can drastically alter
demographic trends ever wondered why and
how a religion is officially recognized
by the US government it's actually a
complicated process you see the Supreme
Court sees religion as a sincere and
meaningful belief that occupies in the
life of its possessor
a place parallel to the place held by
God in the lives of other persons and
for more test-tube daily shows subscribe
to our channel new videos every day
thanks for watching
