this episode is brought to you by aj+ by
2050 there will be around 9 billion
people on this planet and to feed
everyone the world's agricultural output
must increase by 70% to avoid widespread
famine to learn more about the causes of
famine check out this short video from
aj+ so how are we going to feed the
world let's take a look at the
innovative feature of Agriculture
genetically engineered food technology
is going to play a big role we already
have cotton corn and a host of other
crops that have been genetically altered
to grow in harsh conditions but we're
about to see more in as little as ten
years rice the staple crop for half of
the world could be genetically modified
to be a hardy or easier plant to grow
also scientists are engineering crops to
be more nutritious in parts of Asia and
Africa children have severe vitamin A
deficiency by adopting a diet with
golden rice which contains beta-carotene
the deaths of as many as 3 million
children could be prevented scientists
are also working to add more nutrition
to the famine resistant crop of the
kassover root which is currently the
world's third largest source of calories
precision farming is also going to
maximize the output of future crops with
emerging satellite technology farmers
can monitor and map their crops more
accurately the data they collect on
things like soil conditions and weather
patterns can help them figure out when
to fertilize and water the plants
optimizing these measurements will
reduce cost and water consumption which
is a big deal considering that farms use
about 70% of the world's fresh water
supply new and more refined machines
contribute to the success of these smart
farms highly specialized farm BOTS that
work on dairy farms and lettuce fields
are already on the market offering
alternatives to traditional labor
practices engineers are even developing
robots that can delicately pick fruit
like apples off of trees but the
agricultural industry will also need
some environmental reform in the future
the drive for more farming land has
contributed to tropical deforestation
and habitat destruction and according to
the United Nations the agricultural
industry accounts for around 50% of the
world's greenhouse emissions so the race
to match food production with the
world's increasing population is on
scientists are working alongside farmers
and politicians to foster innovation in
the future of Agriculture
if you want to learn more about how
powerful food is as a global commodity
check out our video up top or to see how
the UN defines a famine please watch
this video from aj+ below thank you for
watching test-tube please remember to
subscribe
