every other month or so it seems like
North Korea makes its way into
international headlines with military
drills and rocket launches they're
rumored possession of nuclear weapons in
their proximity to the US and their
allies keep political tensions running
high so where did it all begin how did
it escalate to this point here's a brief
timeline to help you figure it all out
in the early 1960s North Korea begins a
typer militarization in response to the
Cold War arms race the USSR offers to
help them develop nuclear power but not
weapons after decades of nuclear
development North Korea consents to
signing the nuclear non-proliferation
treaty but denies inspectors access to
their nuclear sites the NPT signed by 59
other nations is a step towards nuclear
disarmament a top Pakistani scientist
allegedly sells nuclear weapon
technology secrets to North Korea United
Nations officials attempt to inspect
North Korean nuclear facilities but are
blocked from certain sites under
suspicion North Korea threatens to
withdraw from the NPT in exchange for
economic and energy support from the US
North Korea signs the agreed framework
promising to dismantle its nuclear
facilities North Korea accuses the u.s.
of not fulfilling their energy agreement
fast enough and threatens to restart
their nuclear program president george w
bush calls North Korea a part of the
axis of evil and US officials privately
accused North Korea of violating the
1994 agreement in response North Korea
withdraws from the NPT and declares to
the u.s. that it possesses nuclear
weapons North Korea announces they have
successfully detonated a nuclear device
underground seismic readings and
radioactive air quality samples support
their claim the UN imposes heavy
sanctions on the country North Korea
repeatedly uses their nuclear
proliferation as a bargaining tool in
exchange for humanitarian aid from the
US and UN but neither side comes to a
final agreement peace talks are almost
at a stalemate and North Korea continues
to test Rockets and advance its nuclear
proliferation goals their increased
isolation has given them the nickname
the Hermit Kingdom and international
sanctions have crippled their status in
the world
North Korea's notorious leader Kim
jong-un is one of the most
resting and protected leaders in the
world to get a better understanding of
just who this dictator is make sure you
watch our video here their supreme
leader Kim jong-un reportedly spent more
than half a billion dollars on yachts
parties booze and food in 2012 and if
you haven't yet subscribed be sure to do
so now you don't want to miss any of our
latest videos
