I'm going to challenge myself to not eat
out for five days can I do it though
we'll see what are you looking at
oatmeal and things of this nature glass
jar oatmeal chia seeds then you add the
trifecta Seminole nutmeg and ginger
combine I put almond milk and these
chopped strawberries in this container
and then eat my breakfast at work
the guy goes huh I'm gonna talk to chip
what is big - I'm just gonna grab his
bum
this parcel is here
I'm telling you by the time you see this
video you should have already seen the
recipe
good morning it's pretty boring from
here on out because once you cook you're
kind of done as far as variety in your
meals I've got my oatmeal in here
there's some raisins and cinnamon nutmeg
chia seeds and then here I have the
almond milk and strawberries and vanilla
extracts I'm going to add to it for
lunch is just some greens and cucumber
my vinaigrette who and then my pasta
so it turns out we're all gonna work
from home this afternoon so I'm home and
it's about lunchtime so I left my pack
lunch there so tomorrow Ivan is eat it
and I just fix myself a play mmm so good
awesome too bad
dinner added some strawberries this time
to my Salander variety
Oh what is that oh great oh okay bad
night it's not these men's help oh yeah
men till almost 7:45 and Oh feel too
good boat got this plum and eat it
something juicy get miss Perrin I mean
peach what getting this a plum in and
hopefully I'll feel better later
I don't eat some real food no no see
this is a problem I don't too much wrong
pasta right now do I even have like a
snack there's a little song song I can
taste on my tongue I got carrots some
greens greens my poop is green all
greens I mean I mean food remember how
it's like I'm hungry
boo I'm hungry I really want breakfast
tacos Oh God
this loadout so I'm going to fail
because it's fun almost 5:30 I have a
meeting I'm going to then after that
meeting there's another meeting
so like dinner right like where was that
going to fit in so I'm gonna end up
eating outside stuffs and I'm okay with
it but it often walking it's Pete Aires
and it's gonna be so clutch it's gonna
be like it's about to give me everything
that I'm meeting right now and you can't
believe - too much tell me anything to
be honest
shut up
it is Sunday night and just got back to
Austin and I'm eating the last of the
food that I cooked on Monday I failed
you know I couldn't quite do it Friday
afternoon I ate lunch at vlogging while
brown it's a blogging conference and it
was in Austin Texas and naturally curly
had a panel and I was on the panel so we
had lunch there so I was free boom and
then Friday night I went to the blog
while Brown
mixer and there was food stuffs there
free so I really only messed up twice so
that's what I ate this week did you take
the five-day don't eat out a food
challenge how'd you do let me know in
the comments below and I'll see you on
the internet somewhere bye
boom
