hey to world it's me Evelyn so last week
I was in Nigeria I was there for social
media weekly dose I was part of the
organizing team and it was my second
time going although I have loved this
time more than I've logged last time I
went to Nigeria uh this is not a travel
of law of differencing I kind of just
whipped out the phone whenever I could
when I was physically and emotionally
able to do something as leisurely as
vlog hopefully this video will add value
to your life somehow oh I was in an
aisle seat the entire time so I have no
like cool airplane wing footage as the
clouds descend so here's where it all
starts hi everyone coming all the way
from NYC I think I came all the way from
Austin Texas somewhere in Nigeria now
finally
so I'm go to our destination we're at
the Harrow and we are eating the stay
wonderful food now
and then we'll figure out our lighting
but for now plates on fleek we got okra
we got grains you gotta ride some stew
we got plantain fish
hey the world it's me Evelyn Sunday
morning February 22nd and I am in Lagos
Nigeria
check out my view
d-did I want to be on the blog the blog
okay my name is in Dada and she came all
the way from New York's lady Brooklyn
bkl her and this woman doesn't want to
be on the blog yeah can I get a quick
lesbian
I wanna get popped so uh-huh they are
responsible for social media week Legos
so now I have some what up some brows on
oh boy um we are staying here just for
the past two nights and now we're moving
to four points Sheraton Hotel let's go
inside
so we here at the Landmark Center which
is the venue for social media week away
go
and see hi oh hi already
hi and we are going which injure tapas
for to have for and to have food and
drink because social media way many
times on the side let me say plastic
before chopping my throat I wrote on a
piece which I just finished this again
with that let me tell you whatever you
want let me tell you what let me live
good morning today is the first day of
social media weekly goes and I'm already
tired
all right so it's kind of sort at the
end of day one and socially do we play
and we're here at the Ciroc life about
to lounge yeah day one was crazy I feel
like I lost a couple pounds my neck oh
we're not going to talk to Moya right
now cuz I'm beefing with him
no a kid you do not own you
if you didn't make it to Legos you
missed your really really missed
listening to exactly what is happening
how people in Nigeria and in a process
for taking advantage of social media
says the last day social media we play
goes and I decided to start blogging Oh
yeah
so it's the last day of social media
week and I still haven't blogged it's
over pretty much we archery but I'm
seeing access on social media week Legos
in the robot center hey it's over we've
done it and we can sleep signing out
we're leaving our hotel shout out to
four points Oh
we are at Echo Hotel in the market you
can see right now I'm Roxanne is trying
to bargain some waste beads but let's
watch let's go watch people come home
from people who come yeah he's only
opposed each other you price it actually
all free to be fully multi-coated they
have more money in pocket
tell me again I'm gonna do depending on
how you are funny you think of slits to
you easily
they ain't like the common once you get
the phone anyway love you give me more
than $1000 for all of these together
reduce yourself to the Internet hello my
name is Olaf
oh you think she did the chip action and
how old are you tell and if your mom
brought you all the way to Lagos Nigeria
hi mom
and how has the experience been fun huh
and I like the driver mr. sin Oh what's
your favorite part so far I like being
in the hotel and relaxing
oh my french fries okay but what was
your favorite Nigerian food did you even
eat anything - I don't know I don't
remember
okay would you come back I like the pump
okay everybody likes book would you come
again yeah
so see mine of the people by night job
oh there she is oh there's an NGO Co
it's my last day in Lagos hi
there she is
here's mom
last time Thomas elevator head Tom
Watson Airport to labor five hours
because that's traffic
so yeah that's my Nigeria Vall hope you
enjoyed this vlog have any questions
about travel or about Nigeria Charles
this is a clear let me know in the
comments below
I did get souvenirs though hold on I got
this fabric and I bought gained I bought
gained for this fabric I also got these
bangles they're really really nice
elephants I got a big one a smaller one
then I got a small tiny alone I remember
when we went to the market um first of
all I obviously them foreign walking
through the market everybody my sister
my sister trying to get us to buy stuff
and then one dude screamed are you an
artist no I'm not an art why yes I am an
artist but it wasn't like a music I
wasn't famous I was just a black black
girl with purple hair how could I forget
I met an Internet cousin in Lagos
Nigeria that was like meme' it was so
nice meeting you
wait real talk I'm I enjoyed my time in
Nigeria and I would go again
but claiming it again in the name of
Jesus Kenya December 2015
it's happening amen I'll see you on the
internet somewhere bye
my big
Evelyn mm-hmm
