thank you
how is she not sweaty if she's just not
a sweater move that chest where let me
if you got chance without us apart see
hey hey hey I'm more of a height man
clearly a is the naming exercise but
look at her thighs look how they're
magic hey okay dee dee dee dee I'm
hungry
but um just a bloated just just so just
so large so I have is rice and beans
like that's the food that I have inside
my house so I'm eating it but I can feel
my stomach expanding it's good joke red
beans and rice dal all right now I'm
watching a bunch of like meal prep
videos I don't know why those are so
addictive just to watch um they'd be
doing the most and up and if you don't
really ever really even look that good
it'd be like one pale pale chicken
breast three sweet potato chunks just
three where the rest of the sweet potato
and then they have like steamed broccoli
with not know kind of garlic powder not
even a mrs. - not even a Tony Hsieh
shirase paprika not being just steamed
broccoli and something like that does
not look good don't get me started on
the brown rice they don't put no
flavorings I don't know understand
taking out salt because I don't really
cook
that much salt either but I cook with
spices turmeric some basil something no
it's just brown rice and I mean I guess
if you are one of those people who like
its food as fuel cuz you're a machine
you're robot and you have no emotions
and that's fine but I like to say with
the flavors you know I mean
and those flavored water through soils
I'm not one of those people who thinks
water's gross like I drink water I don't
need flavorings in my water now I have
had some refreshing cucumber water I
have but for the most part when you put
fruits and water it just tastes like you
didn't rinse out your cup before you put
water in it you know like when you you
drink juice but you didn't rinse out the
cup and then you just drink some water
out the same cup that's what it tastes
like
Moses vlog about um I feel weird it's
ten o'clock and I'm really sleepy
like almost benadryl wasted but I didn't
take benadryl I wanted to call wash my
hair tonight using a black girl beauty
brand I believe ever butter divine
elegance co-wash got this at work
thought I'd give it a try I have to film
a video at work tomorrow can't be
looking raggedy that's a leave-in
conditioner to use inner sense I never
heard of this brand before but the
packaging is really nice good for my
style I was gonna use my flaxseed gel
OOP coming to an Etsy near you huh boo
I've styled my hair maybe got an email
sorry pop push notifications are ruining
in my life I've only used like a little
less than half the bottle and I've
styled my hair two or three times
um I mean you don't need to see microbes
for there to be microbes that's like the
whole point of them being microbes I
mean it smells regular I probably won't
use the little one though because by the
time I get done with this that one will
definitely be bad in the comments below
tell me what type of YouTube videos like
you get sucked into I can watch meal
prep videos what I ate today videos
holes that are irrelevant to me it would
it's like a girl in the UK going to
stories that I never heard of and I
watch it all the way through I don't
know I just like them I like okay so
those are types of videos I get sucked
into what types of videos do you get
sucked into what crevice of the Internet
do you fall prey to let me know and I'll
see you tomorrow bye e sure tell me what
to do
