ah what is these I have beaten twice I
have filmed twice I got twist that's why
I'm sure okay
I filmed twice both sorry I'm gonna miss
both of them have failed to upload
what's going on I just don't found it
flabbergasted public you know Oh
technology it's just getting I'm gonna
be less nervous her elbows cut off sorry
technology getting on my every last
night
I just need something upload at this
point this is a test I can't stop
gesticulating at this point this is just
a test what I was trying to ask y'all I
said many things I didn't get unready
with me I was just talking to y'all just
you know I'm saying conversation no I'm
saying fellowship among brethren and
sister II not even too much really
eating too much going on but no YouTube
wanna fail you know I got time the thing
of it is I was trying to ask all the
question I was trying to ask a question
to all my Nigerian internet cousins I
need y'all to tag me on social media in
so excited inspiration for wedding
outfits right so I've been looking at
Bella nyjah weddings those are Brides
though and like looking on Pinterest and
stuff to see what leg outfit I can wear
so I came just flags so you look really
good for this wedding
that's like major in four months four
months yeah
the only stipulation is I don't like
showing my full arm never gonna show my
full so short sleeve maybe like down to
here but never do I mean in my my wear
sleeveless if I have braids or something
one of those weird people who doesn't
like showing their full arms if their
hair is short
like I don't think short hair and big
earrings so together I think you know
must look good
when I have hair in this in this
quadrant uh-huh
but anyway that's what I needed help
with leave your suggestions and links
and tag me in your pictures thank you
bye
