hey too broad it's me Evelyn welcome to
Veda day number 20 sometimes you just
want to load up a little something to
like get ready for dinner like not quite
yet dinner like I'm not quite yet ready
for dinner you know saying I feel like I
have to accomplish a few more things in
my evening before I can eat dinner so
Sunday when I went grocery shopping
I bought some chickpeas so let's make
comments if you're one of those people
who thinks hummus is not hummus unless
it has two heaney in it go ahead click X
I don't know what direction is on your
device go ahead X I'll swipe just X out
this video because I don't have tahini
who-who really be having tahini I know
something out here googling tahini right
now this recipe is really simple really
cheap hallelujah and its really good
really yummy and it's good for you
because it's literally just chickpeas
and some spices and some olive oil
anyway let's get into the recipe if you
can even call it a recipe
mmm-hmm a little too thin on accident
but because I was filming I wasn't
keeping track of how much while I was
pouring but it's better to add water as
you go mmm
than it is to have chickpea juice are
you literally eating with a spoon mmm
that's good
oh yeah has ripple I got it
these pita chips reduced guilt I've got
a lot to be guilty about I'm just gonna
hear him sing dig in
you can obviously put this in the fridge
to chill for a bit maybe overnight so
that it's cold hummus but listen I'm
hungry so hmm why not watch you have
some juice what is good hold up got a
dip sorry you and he looking at me
got a dip and the thing is gonna taste
even better tomorrow when it's cold and
it's set a little bit it's a little
chunkier the cabbage chickpeas cost you
maybe 70 to 80 something cents literally
two can of chickpeas some olive oils you
probably already got in your house what
a lemon cost five cents like lemons are
not expensive salt pepper cumin or curry
I don't know what I put in there and
that's it in water you pay the water
bill because how much do I uh
prepared tub of hummus go for these days
a smooth like five dollars sometimes who
has time for that
I should probably look up the benefits
of chickpeas they don't Sam Oh excellent
source of fiber you going poop your
colons gonna be happy your taste buds
will be happy your budget and your say
your wallet gonna be happy and she's a
win-win so that's it I'm gonna eat my
snack I got stuff to do so um in the
comments below tell me your favorite
snack see on the internet somewhere bye
oh yeah ass ripple effect ripoff
