oh my god let me show you my morning
routine get ready with me bro
I washed my face last night I actually
don't wash my face in the morning if I
wash my face last night I just you know
splash with water get the crusty crust
out of my eye and then I use as my toner
the aloe vera gel you saw and
yesterday's vada I just put in a little
bottle with some tea tree all and that's
my toner I've been doing that for years
and I Pat it onto my face and it's
cooling ah this feels so nice and the
new thing I'm adding to my regimen which
shouldn't be knew I should have been had
done this I've been looking for an SPF
like a sunscreen for my face problem is
YouTube sunscreen on dark complected
humans just turns to ash like it just is
blue like remember the prowl family the
girls sisters that's me with sunscreen I
found this only by the coast and aloo
Naturals DIY booster SPF 30 facial serum
let's give it a try it's my first time
trying it this is what it looks like I
think that's enough I don't know I just
see people on YouTube doing this
oh it smells like sunscreen Wow oh man
this feels crazy oh man oh don't forget
your neck you know what they say don't
forget your neck
next step is knuckles I'm going to paint
my face um today because I'm just
feeling fancy I'm feeling you know
revitalize and I'm using the Shea
Moisture powder pressed powder in the
color
Malindi sable it's a nice round reddish
brown take your brush ooh
all right
eyebrows NYX brow pencil in brown this
la pro could seal under my eyebrow so I
have to look in the mirror to do this so
here's the before and this is after my
goal is known to have perfect eyebrows
my goal is to have eyebrows I've been
trying a black girl beauty brands laws
of nature
um cosmetics so this is her liquid
eyeliner and I'll let you know what I
think in a proper ooh dedicated video oh
how good Excel is chapstick I love my
dollar 99 chapstick from Whole Foods but
hashtag sport assists and whatnot um I
have the balm and cold lip balm that
Alex L and her daughter make favorite
nude lip is from NYX NYX in the color
may zone this is the color of my lips
not beige
if you are like skin this is no shade
okay if you are light skins Jules II
also wears this shade um so if you want
to see what it looks like on her she
wears it in yesterday's Veda I made some
flaxseed gel and I twisted my hair as
usual I need an oil to scrunch out the
crime the oil blend I used yesterday
just a few drops I don't see any flakes
at all
that's good results let's see I feel
like this is a success my hair looks
like it always looks whenever I do my
hair my hair did feel a little dry um
tangelo a little rough it does need some
moisturizing as a moisturizing
ingredient not moisturizing sorry
conditioning ingredient never do a
little research maybe you'll see me come
back up here with a Malo bag a
marshmallow root and the comments below
ask me a question and tomorrow's Veda
will be a Q&A I rarely do Q&A so I'm
such a bad youtuber but now is a better
time than any a better time than any is
that the phrase um might as well write
some comments below leave me a question
and it might get answered tomorrow so
you only in it somewhere bye
