do you ever have those days where you're
driving and like every obstacle it's
like you're in a video game everybody is
driving reckless just one after the
other you dodge situations I just
avoided like five accidents just now and
these are my biggest driving pet peeves
you hear that that's a turning signal
that's supposed to be turned on prior to
making the maneuver I don't need your
raggedy turn signal if you have already
in fact turned or change lanes by that
point I have already avoided the
accident you almost caused can I get two
seconds like can I get two seconds to
see your turn signal before you actually
turn when people get on the ramp to get
on the highway and don't slow down why
am i yielding
you're supposed to be yielding to me bow
down to me
they come in go speed and I'm like so
was I supposed to slow down
that's not how to really work you're the
one's supposed to assess the highway
situation and adjust your speed levels
people in Houston do that all the time
don't I do that as much an awesome
Houston they just be entering entering
roadways like they just and I'm like
what I have been in an accident where
I'm turning left an oncoming traffic hit
me needless to say I take my blessed
sweet time turning left into oncoming
traffic i'ma sit there and I'm gonna
make sure the road is free and clear
because I'm not dying on today you have
to time two different things you have to
time - the car coming this way isn't
coming that fast and the car in the lane
you're finishing is not coming fast so
I'm like
inch a little bit forward when somebody
honks at me I just I just lay on my horn
because I'm not going to die because
you're in a rush to get to Sonic like
the cherry limeade can wait there is
nowhere that you're going that is more
important in my life because you know
people are rude and they will see you
trying to turn and they'll speed up
randomly and you have no warning what
you won't do is make me feel a type way
for being safe there is absolutely no
reason for you to be weaving between
lanes when you're driving on the street
with stoplights where are you going and
I come find them at the red light and
I'm like I just don't like it when
people like weave in and out of traffic
when there's a traffic jam just accept
the fact that you and traffic you don't
suddenly rise above everybody else who's
in rush-hour traffic it's not gonna
really propel you forward as fast as you
think it is like you might think you're
really putting in work because you keep
changing lanes but really like we're
stuck in the same traffic we are the
traffic I just turn on my podcast my
little podcast a little Spotify Premium
and I just you know listen to some
Rihanna because I'm gonna be here for a
while if I'm going the speed limit honey
and I'm in the fast lane and the speed
limit is just not quite fast enough for
you feel free to pass me I don't care
how you pass me have you ever had
somebody tailgates you and you're in the
fast lane
and they're like why is this person just
riding you look at your speedometer
you're going to smooth 77 that's not
fast enough real you're gonna have to
slow down or get in the slow lane
somehow pass me and get back ahead of me
that's the only way cuz I'm not speeding
up what if I get that ticket though
you're not gonna pay though try to make
me feel like I'm going slow I'm over
here checking my speed armor like huh
maybe I'm going on too slow meme a
little bit too much into this episode of
the read no
I'm good huh speed demos I don't know
where are you going
luckily I'm home safe I'm in the parking
lot um at my house so and the cars below
tell me you're driving pet peeves see
you on the internet somewhere bye why
you thought she was going the red light
