I find it so hilarious when youtubers
spent the first three minutes of a video
apologizing for not having made a video
it is the one of the funniest parts of
YouTube culture like whatever you know
snapping we do whether we pop pop pop oh
my god hi it's me Evelyn I'm really
sorry I know I haven't been around much
I've just been super busy so many things
have been going on you guys know I'm an
astronaut and I was just taken up so
much of my time life has just been so
crazy I had five children and they're
all a blessing I had a family vlogging
channel um so go ahead and follow
Evelyn's family haha vlogging Channel
I'm really sorry I haven't made a video
you guys just need to take some time out
for me social media hiatus and I was
just going through a lot if what I'm
saying a different world was on Netflix
and I was just like reliving everything
oh my god how you guys I'm sorry I
haven't you know made videos in a while
I just got my PhD and I've just been so
busy here and saying quantum physics is
just like so toxic got married twice and
that the ups and downs you know the ups
and down but anyway I've come here
eyebrow this edgeless pantsless because
I realized that hey Veda starts so this
video is just an introduction hi my name
is Evelyn I have been on YouTube for an
embarrassingly
time so this is me formally saying hello
again I will try to vlog every day in
April with the rest of my YouTube peers
I would just like to also take this
moment to say that in the video
description box you will always find
links to my social media at the end of
every video do I say see you next week
no no do I say hi my name's Evelyn I
make videos every Tuesday Thursday and
Sunday ah what do I say I can't hear you
see you on the internet somewhere so
that's just my reminder to you that I am
always on the Internet not always here I
never made that promise was it Maya
Angelou who said when somebody shows you
who they are believe if you want to
catch up on last year's Veda YouTube now
has these things for like mobile voodoo
technologies you no longer have to read
the video description box which none
y'all read anyway you can just actually
if you're on a mobile Buddha technology
you would actually click in the
atmosphere
see that little eye go ahead click the
eye on the bus here I don't know I don't
know where it is shouldn't click it and
you can watch beta 2014 you don't watch
me 2013 let me go ahead throw that in
there I'm gonna end it here and I will
see you tomorrow God willing her day to
day number two alright see you on the
internet somewhere bye
ah you are in who is playing music and
that loud Hey
