I need a haircut look Alma's here
um Roughness last night was rough it is
noon and I finally got out of bed and
I'm eating some food grilled cheese
cheese avocado tomato basil mustard
whole grain mushroom of the yellow car
even though avocado kind of make my
throat itch I refuse to believe I serve
a God that would make me allergic to
this wondrous creation so Tommy run
errands first up hair cut so this is my
B for
Hey whoa
you should see the background I'm
feeling like a new woman oh and this is
the after oh I didn't think I had a
strong enough hairline to have a lineup
in the front on the sides I always had
the back lined up obviously but I never
thought I had a strong enough hairline
but he you know I'm a little scattered
edges he did God's work look at that I'm
my Johnny Roboto
my hair's not styled so it's kind of
like all over the place but he used you
know the Clippers of various things he
used scissors
he used the blade that you shave that
old-school blade he use the old-school
blade like he he did some artistry and
I've been to other places when I kinda
just like cutting my hair and talking to
other people no not Jeff so if you're in
Austin holla at Jeff at the HCS salon
here in the Muller shopping center if
you know hyung buh-bye the best buy and
all that stuff the hospital next stop is
the grocery store let go I feel like
this is the best h-e-b in Austin what is
the nicest one
right look at me friggin architecture
love to churn
but at HEB I got sushi focus
I got sushi it's expensive but I didn't
feel like coming back and cooking cause
like 6 o'clock right now so digging in
Japanese people probably look at us
just in disgust when they watch American
seat sushi just sauce everywhere
drizzles crunchy stuffs just just creamy
things like their public what what is
that
okay maybe anyway the ginger be my
favorite part you mad I am go back up a
whole time so breakfast will be cereal
with strawberries and almond milk if I
sweetened and unsweetened it usually is
unsweetened for cereal and sweetened for
things like my iced Chai's a box of
grains about two tomatoes and these
cucumbers were three for a dollar about
pears
it's the other fruit that I can snack on
but I got bread because I eat a sandwich
every day how could I forget
so Lancie Mediterranean mint banana
chocolate swirl I hate bananas you know
this but Oh OOP sorry uh home but hey
it's mixed with chocolate so maybe it'll
be good toilet paper
face wipes and that's the rest of my
whole boom responsibility it's magically
midnight almost so I had a sweet tooth
craving so I'm making one of those mug
cakes I'm trying to find a recipe that's
not completely disgusting
let's see how this turns out this is the
batter eggless that Arno is gonna make
cake but it always does so let's put in
the microwave for two minutes
microwave yeah I know I know while
that's happening impromptu smack yo lip
banana chocolate chips swirl - Lindsay
let's taste it
oh my god okay huh like I knew it said
banana I don't know if I can eat this
bro
that banana is the most if though my
worst nightmare of rife is bananas ha ha
ha
I don't even plan on opening the other
one but I had to take the taste out of
my mouth so of course that means I have
to try the other one
Mediterranean mint mmm that's real nice
I poked a hole in it that's why it has
that on it looks like a cake in your mug
that looks like cake
I mean I'll eat it but it's not hitting
it's 4 o'clock morning this jazz and
everybody DJ jazzy jazz for clicking the
morning and she works at work like in
the morning and it's dangerous to drive
so she's sleeping
that's fine I'll be moving to Austin Hey
people with a burger so we're in the dry
glue room now what a Brecker shut up and
down we're getting booed because
whatever kind of get a little too fast
oh my god you can break say hello
everybody
so mandolin just did our real our pre
live interview for awesome all black
with this guy go yes so you will see him
in episode soon God willing oh my god
hey hello
we're watching the Golden Globes joins
gone so I don't have to watch the Golden
Globes anymore I've been meaning to make
a video about me on the internet versus
me in real life because you only get the
good parts mean real life is more like
that's what makes it hard to vlog
especially when you live by yourself so
this week I'm gonna work on getting my
visa for Nigeria actually no a long time
ago but um gonna work on getting my visa
I'm gonna work on not having to go for
an interview because flat Atlanta for I
guarantee you 30 minutes max rubbish
that's my vlog I guess whatever um I'll
see you on the internet somewhere and in
the comments below if you feel like it
tell me what do you do like what's your
job you know I'm saying let you see the
inside of my house and you don't even a
photo on by your name
it's not even your real name this is an
unbalanced relationship in the comments
below tell me your profession and I'll
see you all meet at somewhere
Bob's is what we've done so far and I
don't know I'll get it I wish I'm Sophie
