hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn it is
2015 I want to wish you a happy happy
happy new year I'm so sorry
in truly old fashion I like to use my
birthday as the dawn of a new year but I
will oblige you sorry sacks of carbon
flesh and blood and use the beginning of
the Gregorian calendar year to talk
about my resolution 2015 is an
interesting year because it's the year I
turn 25
and you know what that means what am I
doing with my life
why am I here why aren't I happy it's a
dollar 25 too much for one avocado but I
will share with you in this video the
maybe 5 maybe let's say 5 major areas in
my life that I want to fix in 2015
category number one health you have to
be so vigilant when it comes to your
health and I have to admit I don't take
very good care of myself
there's an empty inhaler sitting in my
car just waiting for me to have an
asthma attack I have put off doctor's
appointments because I'm tired when
doctors I have the answer sway but in
2015 I want to run one 5k and I want to
go for all my annual checkups I mean
it's literally as of as an insurance
having a person that is literally the
least I could do and in addition to
physical health I want to ensure that my
mental health is squared away and part
of that in my opinion is hanging out and
spending more time with the people that
you love I didn't really grow up
necessarily with lots of extended family
so when it's come time for me to be a
big cousin I'm kind of like hello how
are you doing what grade are you in
so in 2015 I vowed to be a better big
cousin
shoutout to Jasmine shoutout to KK shout
out a Benji and Sheetal shoutout to
Gladys I don't know if you want me
you can call your name but shut it to
Gladys and Tony category number two
education I hate feeling like I need
academia to validate my learning because
I don't know if that is a learned
behavior or if it's actually necessary
to my life is what I'm saying but I feel
like I need some formal education I feel
like I just need more skills
I want skills and more of them to be
quite honest I don't really know what
that will look like but in 2015 I
promise to figure it out
the third category of my life that I
want to improve on in 2015 is money I
want to save money some wanna make money
I wanna any money so I don't really know
how to do all those three things at the
same time and like still keep the lights
on dad has always told me never to
relied on one stream of income so in
2015 I will buckle down and get your
business because last year my time
management was I would procrastinate on
sending in invoices my invoices I would
put off me getting paid what is wrong
with me without going into too much
detail because you don't pay my taxes or
my utilities 2015 I would like to make a
higher percentage of my income from
freelance money category number four for
this year is travel if I'm being honest
can I be honest my goal for this
category in 2015 is to have a trip or a
portion of a trip a sliver a facet of a
trip to be sponsored by a brand just be
me elsewhere that is the vision I have
for my life so in order to make that
goal a reality in 2015 if in final
category improvement to my news
resolutions in 2015
creativity when I think about it this
category is actually tied to all of the
above
health education monies travel as long
as I am creatively stimulated I'm a
happy kid I do have a line item like an
itemized list you know of things being
tangible things that I want to create in
2015 and I would tell you them but don't
be offended by this I don't really know
you like that like not I don't really
know you know myself - bye - rest
assured because this is you - because
this is social media you will see some
of the fruits of my creative endeavors
here on this channel
and elsewhere on the Internet's where
I'd be located at so the goal for this
category creativity in 2015 in general
terms is to aggressively to be
aggressively magical with aggression and
see where that gets me in the comments
below let me know what you plan to
accomplish in 2015
don't let anybody get you down talk down
on you because a new year new me you're
like so beautiful like how much you can
do you can do anything anyway thanks for
watching and I will see you on the
internet where I and my proudest
collaboration of 2014 was teaming up
with myleik teal and chromebox
to collectively raise over $18,000 for
st. Jude Children's Research Hospital
