I'm happy Saturday afternoon it's almost
3:00 and me and and are going on a road
trip and you're coming with us see you
in three hours well see you in the car
for three hours
haha so we came here to turn weekend
she's flooded her weekend hi um Evelyn's
okay I like her a lot actually she's
actually super cool super cute look how
cute she look like I kiss you look look
at her check it I'm a jack that Jack is
no Jackie
this is Nikki she hates me holding her
Nikki no speaking up Nikki I don't know
how most cats hi Internet
Miki Nikki's no whoa she scratches me on
me she's not very much she's not about
you this is a lot of pressure this hair
though I need to do so a cat owner being
a pet owner cats I don't need to get on
that what it's like to be gentle the
first semester walls look great here
oh okay so being done with law school is
the hardest part first being done with
the first semester of law school is the
hardest part because you don't really
know how to be a law student you don't
know how to think like a lawyer I think
you have to really change if you've ever
been a writer before you have to
completely change your writing style you
almost like you rock like an elementary
school student because it's very
straightforward very direct language but
once you figure it out like you'll enjoy
I enjoy setting the law I think it's
really fun when I went to prison and saw
the inmates all that stuff like you just
a lot of people are suffering when they
don't have to and it's because it didn't
understand specific things about the
system and how it treats you and what
you do and don't have to do so it's
really really really important to
understand your rights I already says
that but it's more important to know
people who will actually help you
understand your rights like that's all I
must say done let's go wake up at Oh hon
well she's probably already wait I don't
know
that goes the woods that girls in bed I
like your lipstick
so my pleasure my point of view
oh god that's awesome
three hours and we're back I'm
definitely not venturing out into the
cold thankfully that ohon's mom sent us
back with jollof rice and chicken so we
that's we're gonna consume bean yelps
you know tell him that's only if you've
been watching my videos for a long time
because she went to law school
hey Callie you know she's been after her
first semester she's alive which is good
so I started editing my vlog disrespects
me it's respect see in my own abode
disrespect TV he calling me out my name
he's so rude why I was so rude it wasn't
rude no if you're not motivated by
and then you did reevaluate you're like
these cool homes
oh and the comments below tell me how to
engage in the comments below tell me
dude are you still friends with people
you went to college with tell me that in
the video description box I want the
description box tell me that in the
comments I want to see a lot of comments
like I'm 55 and I'm still I need to see
those if you have bad stories don't tell
me the bad stories just tell me you're
still BFFs with your college yeah and I
will see you on the amount somewhere bye
oh say my outro see you on the internet
somewhere bye see you on the internet
somewhere bye
best immune option so look some best it
for the kids you don't say just your
little Sam you know being a holiday
spirit for the children you know what I
mean so
