we begin tonight so it's two o'clock in
the morning Friday night Saturday
morning depending on how you want to
look at it and I just woke up
I slept from the time I got home from
work until 1:30 a.m. I wasn't I was
going through and I was not having a
good day as evidenced by the seven-hour
slumber and now I'm gonna eat some
cereal watch some YouTube and then
probably go to bed and maybe like two
hours or one hour go to sleep forever
I'm using a tool NC jar as my vessel of
choice almond milk is awesome you should
get it I'm allergic to soy which does
early affect me until I drink pure soy
milk and then my tongue is like itchy
almond milk so I'm yeah I'll see you
tomorrow
I'm alive barely
here we go round oh no Richard I was in
the Richmond it's about that time is
like mid December so I need to decorate
and my brother is coming into town next
week so I want to have a little festive
nonsense a little some best for the kids
you don't say Jesse a little Sam you
know being a holiday spirit for the
children you know what I mean so so I do
have ornaments for those that's coming
later this is a little bit bigger here I
might put some cloth underneath no
singular festive flaring okay um and
then I have ornaments for this also and
then I'm going to switch out these are
my regular pillows that I have a regular
line place them with my Christmasy
wintery pillows
in some bar for folks gesture blood
target you know I want all the Christmas
beans all of them tell me right now I'm
watching um fit man cook his vlog went
to Bermuda I love him I don't cook
Medicus recipes you know like you just
watch somebody cuz you're rooting for
them I was gonna buy the cookbook then I
was like I'm and I really bought that
life at Target I got my Secret Santa
gift for work
I got Royal Docks I got my brother um
most of his Christmas gifts I just need
one thing well two more things I got my
mom some of her Christmas gift I might
have to stop who was Connie s Wilson and
then my dad I get anything cuz yet
because I don't know how to shop for him
he doesn't need anything he never says
he needs anything
so I don't know what to do it's been a
quiet Saturday he's not I was feeling so
bad in the morning last night in them
too today I want to go get a massage
I'm not bougie I live within walking
distance of like for Chinese grandma
massage places so um yeah I want to like
walk order and see what what a Chinese
grandmas can do for me I've always
cracked my knuckles like my fingers I
cracked my ankles a lot before I go to
bed but I've never I got my back
sometimes but I've never cracked my neck
never felt the need to crack my neck
I've never been able to crack my name
and it just gives me the willies to look
at somebody cracking their neck but in
the past like week or two weeks I have
popped my neck so many times or need it
felt the need to pop my neck so many
times so I wanted to go to the Chinese
grandmas and see if they could fix your
girl but I didn't manage my day wisely
but I did finish my laundry did clean
the dishes that have been there since
Thanksgiving I know shut up and I did
decorate for Christmas so it always not
lost and I bought Christmas presents so
all is not lost
I'll see you tomorrow and stuff so I'm
headed to 1 p.m. on the Sunday prepare
for me I need to get a haircut you don't
even want to see the bed hmm
you don't want to bed hmm this is tragic
just tragic welcome I the necklace I got
in the mail finally there's a real-life
boss in there it's from a Blacko beauty
brand I'm trying to do I'm going to do a
black girl beauty brand haul um once I
get everything I'm missing one more
thing also from her it's taken quite a
while but it's fine because she's
probably like foraging the earth for
supplies I'm thinking about getting a
car melt for my phone
just so I can have like our vlogs you
know I feel like walk to the easiest
videos to crank out and for whatever
reason they get the same feedback I
something that took three weekends to
create need to get back on my water
grind I've been drinking lots of tea and
my skin is like ony so my skin sounds
like my doing up so yeah I will see you
soon maybe est in here surprisingly like
the entire domain is an act like I
thought it would be swarming with people
but it's more forever21 chillin vlogging
and she knows everything like it home I
have completed my chromeless shopping of
my banks online the baking and with the
app is conveniently down for maintenance
today so I can't take a peek and see the
damage done which is good so I can go to
bed with a with a light soul you know
I'm saying and then Monday I will look
at the statement and be like why 6:00
p.m. I mean a night is young and so am i
I'm gonna do is eat a hot food not gonna
show you my cooks I'm ashamed my Trat
present so I might you know do some work
here and there you know doodly dadly
doubling down boys there has been no
other characters in the vlog today this
weekend in the comments below tell me
whether you are an introvert or an
extrovert cuz you all see the extra but
you understand by myself what I'm giving
you that extra but there's no like
there's nobody there's nobody here I
consider myself an introvert because I'm
not shy hand me the mic I'll say
something every time I'm around people
my energy like depletes and depletes and
depletes so
that's that means and if you're an
extrovert when you're around people your
energy levels skyrocket to the heavens
well anyway in the comments below tell
me if you're an introvert or an
extrovert somewhere better
