she's outfit of the day porno hey Zubrod
it's me Evelyn I just had the itch to
make a video this video is sponsored by
nature bots I'm just kidding yes
this plant is dead my room is also messy
the sky is also blue I also have no it
just sometimes so the real reason I want
to make this video is because I bought
pumpkin pie soda by main route main row
you know makes the natural colas and
root beers and stuff sprites and stuff
so I saw a pumpkin pie soda and of
course I grabbed it because I'm
reclaiming the word basic so this is the
soda hmm
root beer ginger beer root beer and
ginger beer mixed together and that's
what you had 40 grams of sugar my skin's
gonna be like child why seeing a food um
I have a conglomeration a cornucopia if
you will a smorgasbord might I say food
items that I'm really liking right now
and I just wanted to come on camera and
share them with you oh my god this is
the best coconut water ever brand is Amy
and Brian you can find it at Whole Foods
I used to hate coconut water to meet all
coconut water tasted like a baby sweat
go find you a baby that's kind of
overheated maybe they've been in the car
seat too long draft up too tight just go
ahead find you a baby that sweaty and
smell the baby baby sweat that's what
coconut water tastes like to me I just
got ahead from a real coconut no it all
tastes bad this one
it's light refreshing hydrating
hallelujah is the highest praise
Whataburger in their infinite wisdom
decided to sell their sauces based on
the ketchup the mustard spicy ketchup
the dipping sauce is the honey monster
ranch and that's not a honey butter
which is drizzled on top of a chicken
biscuit it's called the honey butter
chicken biscuit the HBC B if you from
Texas you already know we don't even say
the full word we just say the letters oh
I thought it would be the perfect time
to test my biscuit making skills and my
Fried Chicken making skills if you
follow me on instagram you saw my first
attempt I gave myself a C+ you know but
when my recipe is up to par up to my
taste is's I will be sure to make a
video teaching you how you can make your
own honey butter chicken biscuits sweets
is creamy is honey is bata is everything
you want this stuff right here dough
this stuff right here oh and then with
the sweet throw this boom chicka pop is
found at Whole Foods um it was 2 for $5
I got the white cheddar popcorn sweet
salted caramel caramel shut up I'm
addicted to the pickles and the
mozzarella that are at the Olive bar at
Whole Foods don't ask me why but this
combo hits my taste buds so viciously so
expensive but I get it every time trying
to open this one hand it's not really
working haters can suck a pickle bro
I got a dick for the treat the pickle is
sour but sweet and the mozzarella just
like smothered in olive oil and basil
whoa
baby so I'm on a quest to try every
single flavor of tel NT why now I'm on
flavor number seven and eight I believe
and I think there are 19 flavors right
now I'm trying pistachio and chocolate
peanut butter cup pistachio I'm not
really feeling it chocolate peanut
butter cup I love Reese's so I'm loving
it in the comments below let me know
what your favorite boot steps be at the
moment and I'll tell you whether I think
it's yep buts or not I'll see you on the
internet somewhere bye wasabi ginger
either it's going to be delicious for
it's gonna taste like Bud spice
