people think y'all I'm on I'm on the
internet and I'm super popular and
poppin that you can just quit your job
and live off of poppin has anybody ever
lived off of pop eNOS like no hi i'm
tasty quiche AKA
Keyshia do test or the other way around
I am a multimedia producer primarily in
radio I am also the co-founder co-owner
of bonfire radio where I have my morning
show TK in the a.m. and I also act as
program director radio IndieGoGo
campaign we're still running we got
about 14 days left every time I look at
the counter the number of those lower
and lower so we're trying to get to 10 K
you could put something in there that
would be amazing it was the end of last
year and I was feeling really
discouraged with my life I was like damn
I just don't feel like I'm doing a lot
my friend told me to make a list of all
the things I did that year from January
with 2013 to December 2013 I wrote down
everything been in this article was on
that blog featured here hosted this
started a radio station left my old one
went on a trip your trips are big cuz
that's where you get the big ideas
anything that you did that is even worth
like a star in the in your little
asterisks of life and shit write that
shit down and I ended up with two pages
single-spaced but I hadn't looked at it
because how we live is so fast and the
internet or I posted it okay now that I
posted it it's gone and it's in the
ether but no I had to see that shit to
realize like I'm an amazing person fuck
what you heard I'm an amazing person so
I have to pay my bills I go to work I do
part-time pediatric nursing and I
they're little kids building this
station I would have to say is 60 to 80
hours a week you know not just my show
running other people's show making sure
this whole thing is smooth I know I
don't want to do my night job forever
and I'm part-time right now so I'm
making progress some people can just
quit and be like yo I'm gonna live if
I'm if I don't quit then I ain't living
whatever but um you also ain't living in
an apartment and you ain't living on off
of real food and you ain't you know so
you ain't living really how do you do
what you love even when it's hard
you gotta motivate yourself this is all
about you and I know that like the
internet people like your photos just
please do not get likes twisted for
payment do not get likes twisted for
support how do you stay motivated sure
the likes are great for a little bit of
that like ego filled validation but when
someone pays for your services that's
when it means something when someone
says you're you're good enough for me to
pay full price that's what it means
something so when you get that check you
think about how that feels
and you say you know what I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna barter my services next
time I'm gonna I'm gonna make sure you
know how much I cost too much for you
all right let's work work it out we
can't work it out I'm sorry I'm gonna
have to pass but you stay motivated by
staying firm in your beliefs that you
are worth every penny that you are worth
every inquiry and you answer those
inquiries respectfully and you just make
sure you keep on and stay committed to
yourself because you can't eat likes
shoutout to conscious he's my right-hand
tkam music supervisor also helps with
the movements within the studio there
there's something to be said to Michael
hardly because part of your journey a
lot of times you don't have that and for
the nature of what we do people in
trying to be here this is mommy for a
long time now and I told her a long time
ago I just saw something amazing it hurt
I wanted to be a part of that I'm not
rich man I'm not any of these things but
I am honestly a hundred percent in
support of people when I support them he
actually did a show called bonfire a
monthly bonfire which is the namesake of
the station he found me looking for a
woman host to help host his show I went
to it I enjoyed it I said I'll do it
ended up doing it for four years so
together we were able to build something
that was symbiotic and I believe in I
believe in her so much you know she's
gonna mom she's wanting to hold me then
she's believing me too you know she got
me on the plane it was like yo you gotta
go to Japan did you do amazing things
people need to see that we did that
anybody to be successful you get
Beyonce's who ever there are people that
are strong that really believe in them
through thick and thin and I feel like
that's that's what my job is my job is
to be a support vehicle for this person
and to and to convince everyone you know
I mean I even convince people just let
people see what she can do because she
does something amazing stuff like
seriously
thank you and we don't deal with lanes
anywhere no lady if someone is good in
one area and they're consistent you
should keep them around you and that is
the art of collaboration and then you
make sure that you can reciprocate that
my word of advice twenty-somethings is
to find your thing and when I say find
your thing that doesn't mean like find
your major or find your your job or your
mate or whatever find your thing like
what is it that drives you what makes
you happy what what commits you to
yourself I am tasty quiche and I love
radio and I'm gonna continue to do
whatever it takes to make this happen
then you'll never change your mind like
it's all about committing yourself to
committing to yourself it's about
committing to yourself what is next well
currently we are crowdfunding for a new
studio and we actually would like to
expand out into the world with a proper
studio space so that our team could grow
and so that the community we could be
out in the community so we are in
Caribbean Caribbean Flatbush and we want
to stay in Caribbean Flatbush it's uh
it's a cool neighborhood with like not
that much cool stuff yet you know liquor
store bodega Church Oh church is cool
I'm just saying we're just building
we're building
