hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn here to
show you two lies to do an experiment
I'm going to try this vitamin C shampoo
mix that people on these who internets
have been doing to fade color from their
hair before resorting to yet another
bleaching session feel like I'm gonna
have to bleach my hair but I want to do
everything possible
uh-uh the video description box below I
will link the videos that I've watched
please watch them if you are looking for
information on things like such as this
this is what my hair looks like now look
at those ruts so my hair is the epitome
of dusty this was blue then it was teal
now it's pop pop green choice you're
gonna need vitamin C pills
some people use emergency because
already a powdered a sulfate shampoo
just go ahead and grab the worst shampoo
for your hair texture it has sulfate is
basically laundry detergent what you
need a sulfate shampoo to help scrub the
color off your hair Tayna ziplock bag a
container home to put the mixture
because you have pills not powder pills
and potions a hammer or something to
smash the vitamin C to smithereens to
have over 20 pills it's not an exact
science this is you do here is the
crushed vitamin C what it's tiny go
ahead and add that shampoo right
then you just mix it I have hair that
naturally wants to lock so this motion
is not really conducive to keeping my
hair loose so I'm just like just holding
it like this and scrubbing I don't think
it's working
but
who knows can you tell come at home I
don't want you anymore I want to give
myself a fighting chance and put on my
hair therapy rap hopefully use this heat
to lift to open the cuticle of the hair
and allow the vitamin C and the sulfate
shampoo to go in there dig out the hair
color so the lighting has changed so I'm
using my lamp I don't know if you can
tell the difference I didn't think there
would be a noticeable difference but my
hair looks significantly more ashy lime
green up in this region and this that
was a true blue is looking more dusty so
I'm encouraged um but I'm not satisfied
I do have some emergency and I'm going
to mix that with the shampoo again and
I'm going to put in my hair put heat in
my hair at this time leave it on for
maybe two hours and then I'll come back
hey it's the next day I did the second
scrub last night and I rinsed it out
deep conditioned put a crap-ton of
leave-in conditioner in my hair now I'm
going to show you what it looks like now
I don't think there's that much
difference hair is still green
this one has definitely faded to a
translucent to blue up so the verdict
yes the vitamin C did fade my hair color
a smidgen maybe it didn't work that well
because my hair was already faded a lot
but I feel that I'm just going to have
to go ahead and knock my hair I was
always going to nuke my roots look at
that an entire that's like all this is
an experiment it was a thing that
happened in the comments below tell me
if you've ever dyed your hair
IFS so what color if not why come I will
see you on the internet somewhere bye
Lucas my cow definition a Maya for a
