don't get too comfortable I'm trying to
keep you all on your toes
hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn I
appreciate y'all so much
y'all gasps all right and we all know
but seriously the type of genre of
comments I get are people welcoming me
back to YouTube every single video I
post somebody welcomes me back to you
too now sis you can only go and come
back but so many times before it's not a
hiatus it's a brand I'm not Jesus okay I
will leave you and I will forsake you
YouTube is now old enough and pervasive
enough that we've seen a complete cycle
an entire YouTube lifetime has come and
gone there's a new generation if you
will and this website has changed the
way we expect to be entertained
on-demand never ceasing and for free and
I think we've all bore witness bared
witness bore witness I think we've all
watched those awkward videos where your
favorite youtuber is announcing that the
daily vlog is ending that vlogging
ruined their relationship change I hate
the title content creator it sounds so
robotic so mechanical it ain't got no
soul sounds like I'm just a machine
cranking out nonsensical contents what's
the content
I prefer internet humorist digital
storyteller
online do I know a lot of y'all found my
crevice of the Internet's through my
Veda videos and though I'm mortified at
the idea of my old videos it is still
delightfully overwhelming when your
tweet comment DM that presently you
watch my old videos to get a good laugh
it means I've got the juice okay and the
juice is still fresh cold pressed and
the cool thing is for better or worse it
would seem to me at least sometimes that
a lot of y'all think that my offerings
here on YouTube come easily to me Beibei
it is not effortless this is all very
effortful and in my opinion churning out
vlogs stories videos content especially
on a daily basis is not actually
sustainable the only other group of
people who come close to doing that are
news anchors everybody else take a break
your favorite TV show goes on hiatus
Shonda Ranas be taking a high and it's
in the middle of the season and I know
we not Emmy Award winning over here at
youtube.com slash Evelyn from the
Internet's but keep in mind that I'm
still an artist and I'm sensitive about
my okay we are writing and we're deleted
okay
also black mayor I think that time will
only reveal more and more the full scope
the true depth of the mental emotional
and social ramifications of all of this
you there me here talking to a camera
you know how people always talk about
integrity online the different standards
that online publications and
personalities are held to its the reason
why beauty gurus really want you to know
they'd be hidden you with the disclaimer
that they really do love this serum and
it's not just because glossy they flew
them to Paris and here go a coupon code
we usually talk about integrity online
when it comes to advertising but I also
think about it in terms of my own
personal values I am NOT a content
machine I have no intention of being one
y'all know that it is hard though
sometimes the devil be in my ear okay
yap yap yapping and i feel behind i feel
incompetent i feel not as popping and
sometimes i feel stupid for not just
going out in the world finding a bad
boyfriend and starting a daily vlog I
live in Austin Texas it's doable and
outside of this channel I did this
professionally social media management
living in the highways and byways of the
internet got to do the next thing
algorithms here equations over there and
it's not reaching so and so what we got
at week what we got to do more we need
more and I I'm not interested I don't
want when I think about integrity and
the promises I made to myself it is me
choosing to navigate a world that values
24/7 stream of information and
entertainment instead of slow learning
slow stories and a sustainable lifestyle
especially online Lauryn Hill said we
gotta find peace of mind and I'm just
out here trying to be peaceful so a my
vlogging everyday
in April the answer is a strong if the
spirit moves me and I am very grateful
and appreciative that a lot of you
choose to be here still when it does so
in the comments below let me know if any
of this made sense and I will see you on
the internet somewhere
