mommy
yeah well now they all have a little
Elvis they don't know if you know this
but I'm actually an idiot so hey YouTube
world it's me Evelyn
it's the last day gotta it's the last
day of Veda and it's it's bittersweet
vlog every day in April I did it 30 days
30 videos if the dates are kind of weird
on the video it's because YouTube's
messed up the uploading process but I
filmed every day in April and I uploaded
a video every day in April so but I'm
pretty proud of myself because I set out
to do Veda 2014 what a clear goal I
wanna do more storytelling so according
to the views I think our favorite video
is um
the hair one what was it detangling
somebody tangling what was interesting
good axon my favorite video I mean I
liked all the videos that I made this
month for beta but that's not my
favorite one my favorite one is
definitely wipe me down even though
we're internet cousins and y'all have a
different we all think different things
are funny than I am and that's pretty
much what I've learned doing making
videos on YouTube for all these years is
that you can never predict what
someone's sense of humor is going to be
so you have to like the content you're
putting out you could only guarantee
that you'll please yourself everything
else is just a pleasant surprise so
thanks for watching my videos and
sharing them and commenting on them and
Google+ them ho / everybody who
participated in Veda because I suggested
that you do um I hope you enjoyed your
experience leave a comment below telling
me what your experience was like if you
did Veda for the very first time this
year
Veda is done I am out this piece usually
I am saying it was really fun
is is exhausting it takes a lot of
magical juice to put a video up let
alone put a video up every day so if you
did Veda I applaud you and I be on the
lookout for Evelyn from the Internet's
comm it does exist
nothing really even too much be
happening on there but it does exist may
be out there it's there what was your
favorite Veda video from the Evelyn from
the Internet's channel and why was it
your favorite let me know and I will see
you on the internet somewhere not
tomorrow though but I'll see you
sometime somewhere
oh hell they'll love them on their own
