hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn happy
Friday feeling good feeling great sorry
I'm posting this so leggo they're
probably out living your lives I'm finna
go to bed yes my time is coming to a
close as far as vada is concerned point
of the livestream is going to be to
really communicate more seamlessly with
all of y'all in the internet galaxy so
it's going to be on Monday April 28th at
8 p.m. Eastern 7 p.m. Central I'm going
to be live a little bit before then just
because I don't want to waste part of
the 30 minutes kind of be like do you
hear me
can you see me is everything ok it's
going to be a 30 minute livestream and
it is only going to be about the
Internet's if you have any questions
about being on YouTube about being a
magical black girl if you have any
questions about being from the
Internet's making videos you know
whether it's from a technical standpoint
or whether it's from how do you you know
think of things to talk about or how do
you come out of your shell or whatever
only relating to these four walls if
what I'm saying you're the fourth wall
so that means I'm not going to answer
any questions about what's coming out of
my scalp hopefully you can make it if
you can't I'm so sorry
but you know I'm sand that's one of the
things that sucks about having an
international family if you know
anything about diaspora you know that
like auntie Anna wig right now I'm sorry
hang out with me live on the Internet
Monday April 28th at 8 p.m. Eastern 7:00
p.m. central it's going to be thirty
minutes long no ifs ands buts or
coconuts I will see you on the internet
somewhere I talk close you out of
details Bob can you be out like it
Pacific time like you realize that's not
three where I am what
