have I morph into a light-skinned boy
yet anyway I'm tired
so here's footage from yesterday's Veda
but since you see my face it's
technically like a beta for real for
real
so you're gonna have to deal and I will
see you on the Internet don't worry
about the show started let me rewind hi
my name is Evelyn and Kerry Washington
is my BAE even before scandal way before
that Kerry Washington has always been my
day this is just a fact so ok TV show
this should be interesting
and I tuned in because of Kerry
Washington once I started watching the
show I was like you know I'm not really
even too much here for Olivia Pope
especially when the president tossed
hurt them he's young you hang a puppy in
the head and he's like early stop get it
together get it together immediately
shifted my focus to Huck as wounded but
he didn't want to be evil but he was
like trained to be evil hog used to be
my all-time favorite now that's
definitely waned because of Quinns all
crusty you are a reflection of the
people you and that reflected badly on
Huck and now I don't like him plus he
can't enunciate like it was cute in
season one your brow be furrowed and
you're just breathy tones but now it's
like I'm gonna need you to speak up shy
Ronnie speak up I'm gonna need you to
speak up shy Ronnie I can't I can't hear
you I can't help you if I can't hear you
I fell out of love with that show I
actually stopped watching scandal right
when momma Pope was introduced into the
storyline I stopped watching and
completely recently watched the past
three episodes and stalking to catch up
shenanigans ensue and it's like I don't
even need an explanation of the
shenanigans stuff happened I'm like
whatever I'm done Cyrus I just loved him
because kind of like Rowan Cyrus owns
and just steps in his mask yeah you know
he tried to murder his own husband yeah
you know he did that I just need Cyrus
to die of a heart attack already like we
will take care of baby girls take old
girl to Mum Pope she will smooth
it is I mean it will be fine I'm just
need Cyrus to lay down his weary soul
and go on to glory I love mommy because
she's powerful and she's just enough of
the conflicted humaneness but she is
ruthless and she doesn't pretend to not
be ruthless all that to say I don't know
why I went off into every character you
are you know I hate Fitz I have a
problem with him this is what I have a
problem with he doesn't cry he's really
good at making that like it come to the
surface and his face gets all red and
his nostrils flare but Playa until I see
salt water pour from your eyes you ain't
real so Papa Pope I never gonna get
tired of you unless you do some trifling
but I don't really see that happening
because you can literally do anything
because your delivery is gold see you on
the internet somewhere bye thanks for
watching my videos so far and thank you
especially if you share them and thanks
really because some comments this is
your friendly reminder not to get too
pressed because I'm just a girl
