I just wanted to face face time you
while everything is here can you see us
is that your roommate and who's that
what oh hello Cairo all right we will
let you uh continue what you're doing we
just wanted to say hello
technology so I'm back home in Austin
and it was such a glorious drive such a
pleasant drive you know seeing like I
busted a vocal cord
singing eye to eye off goofy movie
that's having cable so it hits so hard I
survived off the goofy movie soundtrack
in Janelle Monae for three hours and I'm
home I hereby like 6:00 p.m. I got my
little reusable bags if I'm saying and I
was headed to the grocery store you know
I'm saying cuz I was going to actually
cook this week and you got I'm saying I
get your grocery store and his clothes
and I was like why is it closed like oh
yeah it's Easter and I'm like it's just
me or like did I not know Easter was
like that big of a holiday I don't I
guess it is cuz the growth the grocery
stores we're closed
grocery stores don't even close a full
day for Christmas what he does to say
I'm to go up get some wines you've got
sand so I'm gonna eat these wings
I had hot buffalo wings french fries
fried pickles I'm not actually gonna
finish it all I've never been to Buffalo
aliens before it's like kind of wild it
out and if I'm gonna wash it all down
with my bucket of sweet Dee I got this
bucket of sweet tea from police if you
don't know who that is there will be an
annotation swirling in my atmosphere so
you can educate yourself
apparently I'm one of the last people in
Austin with cable
oh so she came over to watch Mad Men and
she gave me this as payment
all right so what is this french fries
fried pickles I ate most of them in the
car ride home
whines look at a thousand nests they
look at that right there
celery thoughts um
ranch hit him with that ranch and then I
don't know what this is but I'm gonna
dip I've never really been a wing person
like go eat wings like the iWatch on
Kevin Edwards Jr they'd be going in
awesome wings like his life back to beta
back to non-iphone beta videos tomorrow
hopefully and um I will see you on the
internet somewhere
