hey so brothers meet Evelyn by the time
you see this video no girl gonna be in
Kenya in the motherland hey Siri
hey hey Siri what is the weather in
Nairobi since Siri wanna be stank
well we in the 70s in a I'm filming this
video on Christmas Day in my childhood
bedroom amongst memories and dust to go
over and recap my 2017
what did I do what did I not do you know
just reflect give me reflect so 2017 for
me was the year of the journal i
journaled consistently this year for the
first time since social media started
being a thing so for about the past 10
years I could subtweet my little
emotions I could post on tumblr about my
innermost thoughts post special moments
on my Instagram but what I realized was
all of that is performative there's an
exchange that happens you post about
your life and then people like it people
follow you people comment there's like a
feedback involved no matter how genuine
you are authentic you are it is never
100% for your own benefit this is my
journal it's really basic I got it at
Walmart at 2:00 a.m. because Walmart is
where you go when you're having a crisis
at 2:00 a.m. this is the pen that I use
not spawn it's a nice planked pen I'm
gonna swatch it for you and you think
and I learned so much I learned what I
was scared of why I was scared of it I
tracked my progress times I shot myself
in the foot and got in my own way
important that's moments feelings and
just checking in with my body like I
remember was it Mays journal entry I
just put a little note in the corner hey
girl uh you are clenching your teeth
like clenching your jaw and like
grinding your teeth in your sleep what's
that about
through next month's journal entry I
realized what was making me so stressed
out that I was gnashing my teeth in my
sleep
Jos 20 he was clenching my job
Scott some you know some paper work here
my dentist bill who did you know that a
mouth guard specifically made to your
teeth costs two hundred and forty
dollars bet you didn't know that that's
the back half of 2017 was about rest I
have spent the past couple years going
to work dumping everything all the good
ideas out of my brain problem-solving
being resourceful
just like activating every part of my
brain and then coming home and working
for myself and I was exhausted in a
thing that I also had to do journal
about is that the work I was doing
wasn't always translating into something
for your consumption it was also me like
working through my frustrations of like
I swear I'm grinding I swear I'm
grinding and not feeling like I ever
really have anything to show for it
just for it to look like I'm on a hiatus
and so around July or August my body
just stopped it was like nah how about
you go watch a movie all right you know
what you want oh oh you want to edit all
you want to write all you want to send
in applications how about you eat movie
theater nachos instead
no regrets and now through journaling
and all that rest I understand that what
my body was doing was embracing me for
the biggest change that I made this year
in 2017 I decided to you know take a
break from the concept of gainful
employment just figuring out what to do
with my 401k
so I don't have insurance anymore so I
don't I don't have insurance anymore six
ounces that's Jesus be an antibiotic so
stay tuned for that video the 2018 goals
video ah because oh my god what am I
done oh no I'm scared
so goals right this year I said that I
would go to Kenya check I also said this
year that I wanted to travel more in the
u.s. I don't know if I traveled more in
2017 then I did in 2016 but this year I
went to DC in January by myself to mourn
what will be the next four years what
would have been up the next four years
met up with some internet cousins it was
great it was all tips great though I'm
okay junior weekend is when I went I
went to New York like three times all
two of the towns are for work crow fest
and texture on the runway the third time
is when I was nominated for the Shorty
Awards I didn't win but I was cute as
hell I went to California Palm Springs
for clam recon and Anaheim for VidCon
Friday in Atlanta ATL to work with
design essentials I'm not saying it's
the competition Nicki but as a
competition outfit in their company I
always been this way on the inside but
you know design essentials on the
outside I took a road trip to Marfa
Texas that's West Texas with Dorian to
see solange perform with the literal
mountains as her backdrop as for
melodies caressed the air and the sunset
number three um in 2017 I also said that
I wanted to make better videos and I
also made sure not to say that I want to
make more videos because past Evelyn
knew that present Evelyn and future
Evelyn are not about that life I wanted
to make content that pops that's the
word I use pops content that I could be
proud of and I think I did um over the
videos that I posted this year the two
drone videos that I made with Elise
y'all really seem to like them I enjoy
making them the sister-sister parody I
mean with my brother so you've been
publicly dragged by Twitter people still
tweeting me that video every time
someone's getting dragged I starred in a
web series this year I shot it in the
summer it came out in the fall it's
called we are and it's now on Easter AZ
YouTube channel it was made here in
Austin Texas by a female cast female
director he showed me when I was eight I
thought by this age I'd have a
convertible a boyfriend a flat stomach
at least but now all I got is student
loans and anxiety yeah you can click in
the atmosphere to go watch that that was
a highlight of my 2017 this year I got
my YouTube play button my silver play
button for reaching a hundred thousand
subscribers who would have thought you
know I would have never thought that I
would reach a hundred thousand
subscribers because I don't really do we
do it I don't really be doing my cool
I've got the YouTube creators for Change
fellowship that means I got monies to
make videos I don't know if any have
come out yet by the time you see this
video I don't know if this year has been
a struggle all right
I generally about it don't worry about
it it's in the jar so I paid for school
any of you an activist what does that
mean I also said that this year 2017 I
wanted to do more things outside of the
internet so speaking opportunities you
know didn't saying I was part of the
Teen Vogue summit meetup so they had
around the country so I was at the
Austin Texas stop lovie hooked it up and
I was able to speak she interviewed me
on stage for the together tour that she
was on across the country so when she
came to Austin for the stop here I was
able to be interviewed and that was
really dope and cool of her to bring me
on for that I was invited to YouTube
black
and I was the only person to give a solo
dolo speech and I think it went well
people really gave me good feedback and
it's cool to get good feedback from your
peers like people who actually also make
things I said that I want to be about my
business and get my website together I
didn't do it listen listen listen I
didn't do it it's okay though I do have
the designer the design the idea I have
a landing page you know I'm saying to
say coming soon and I'm gonna be
traveling for a bit because I've said
will unemployment I'll be back back back
in like March and then I'll like do my
photoshoot get my website oh I also said
that I wanted to volunteer more didn't
really do that frequently or
consistently as I wanted to because my
office moved further away that from the
organization that I volunteer at so what
I did was I was part of an organization
that housed immigrant mothers I would
give them rides to work or an
appointment or court things like that my
office was closer I could just kind of
like swing in like I'll step out for a
little bit or take my lunch to go pick
somebody up but when we move further
couldn't really do that
so hopefully 2018 I'll be able to do
more of that when hurricane Harvey
happened I did volunteer my time and
some of my you know us currencies and
y'all did too when you purchased a
magical black girl shirt so props to you
you notice a helping me complete my goal
and finally my last goal in 2017 was to
turn 27 and I did nothing but the grace
of God you know but the grace of God
well that's my 2017 recap hindsight is
20/20 and it's good to reflect figure
things out whether it's through talking
to a loved one or reading your journal
make it a youtube video what went down
you know I'm saying trying to make sense
of it all
always realizing about that life is
cumulative there is no experience that
is wasted on you you know I'm saying
you're not gonna know the point of
anything until it has passed
and that I got nothing I'm gonna go to
Kenya now and I will see you on the
internet somewhere ahh
hey girl umm this video is sponsored by
audible I wanted to throw in a quick
book recommendation in here in the
spirit of a new year new you audiobooks
especially the ones that I read more of
like self-help autobiography type books
definitely helped me get motivated get
focused and so that's why in this video
I wanted to recommend Shonda Rhimes year
of yes fast forward to the present day I
am currently in London because I said
yes to something alright I went to Kenya
did that and now I'm in the colonisers
land alright and so I just wanted to
recommend that book to you you can
download it for yourself on audible with
my little coat situation you can get a
free 30-day trial membership and with
that comes a free audiobook so this at
audible.com slash Evelyn a ve lym or you
could text Evelyn AV e ly and 2 500 500
to get started on your 30 day trial
membership in your free audiobook
audible has a massive selection of books
that you can listen to podcasts other
types of programming start your year off
right
a North little late and that's my fault
I will take that audible.com slash
Evelyn or text Evelyn to 500 500 so
shout-out to audible for sponsoring this
video
shout out to 2017 it sucked globally and
kind of personally but in the end for me
at least it worked out a little bit it
it remains to be seen if it remains to
be seen
you are worth finding out so shout outs
you you're still alive but I'd like to
keep it that way in the comments below
tell me how your 2017 one if you still
feel like talking about a girl it was
too late I understand
but I will see you on the internet
somewhere bye
