as long as y'all are scrubbing your
hands with soap and water for a good 20
to 30 seconds post poop then go ahead
and stand hashtag yuk butts but when I
poop I stand up a little I feel like if
I'm sitting down the whole time you can
possibly get all over my hand and my
inner forearm if I'm standing up or off
the toilet seat I have that much more
room to navigate that hole with your
inner forearm bow okay about my last
video there seems to be some confusion
as to what I mean by standing or sitting
you know squatting is not sitting
squatting is somewhat standing if what
I'm saying I'm not saying you're
standing at attention I'm just saying
you're not sitting on the toilet anymore
um who puts their entire arm in the
toilet swipe the top makes me gag
y'all was over here explaining gymnastic
aren't you back spread leg I asked a
simple was a simple question are you
sitting down or are you standing up
y'all are so hilarious so hilarious so
fun see they're on they're over a
hundred comments the best comment by far
was by Shane G I was totally going to
answer but you didn't so I'm not going
to either but just so you know there's a
third way and by the way I did answer
you just didn't see the answer no matter
how you responded to my last Veda video
call white me down no matter how you
responded there's one thing that is not
up for debate the direction that you
wipe yourself when you're number two
there is absolutely no discussion debate
Congress say
that can be had it is only from front to
back
because absolutely no poops is going
anywhere near my circle of life
hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn happy
Friday
it's Veda day numero Quatro while I
would like to keep the poop discussion
going we must forge ahead my brothers
and sisters know Lord Jesus Christ and
talk about a new topic today people be
out here with YouTube channels and
Instagram accounts if I'm saying trying
to tell you about their diet what
they're eating they're not professionals
they are not dr. oz though they're
trying to tell you about how to work on
your fitness and that's all well and
good you thought I'm saying each one
what teach one but there is one thing
that I cannot allow to continue any
longer because you are spreading lies
and misinformation always be make ya'll
always say this and I must refute this
statement listen closely to my words
come closer you coming closer come
closer Greek yogurt are you Liz are you
listening to my words Greek yogurt is
not a substitute for ice cream talking
about like when I haven't creating
something sweet I just got some low-fat
Greek yogurt and put like berries and
honey over no maybe you ain't never
tasted the deliciousness that is
Bluebell
maybe that has not grace your taste buds
yet how dare you look me dead in my eye
or my iPhone and tell me that Greek
yogurt is a substitute for ice cream if
my brain wants ice cream
shoveling Greek yogurt Oh sour-looking
not going to make this way to go off in
my brain you over here with some phage
or Chobani get some organic blueberries
and like put some agave nectar
forget the a gap nectar forget it
I once ice cream ice cream surprise
I'm not skin deep but one thing's for
sure everything in moderation get you
some Blue Bell ice cream so low a little
dab you thought I'm saying just a
spoonful that's what I do I just get a
spoonful and lick the spoon get a bit
off spoon just lick the spoon don't need
to put in a bowl not nothing
have you some ice cream this old sour
you thought I'm saying then there what
water collects you know I'm saying
there's like condensation in the Greek
yogurt container you me I'm talking to
you
thickness people on the internet you
need to stop leading people astray
because if your stomach wants ice cream
you should give it ice cream and then go
run a mile see on the internet somewhere
above and I would like to talk about
something that is very important it is
almost as important as poops and that
topic in a broad sense is food
