hip-hop looking busted
 who it is y'all don't back from
Korea she's been back for a second
yeah it's betta getting a head start
because like the day before it's like
March 31st mine focus who even cares
it's like 11 o'clock at night hey
YouTube world it's me Evelyn
like a fish ative intro'd and i'm just
beginning via this the first video it's
always the boringest video because i'm
just saying hello this year i am not
going to do the whole day-in-the-life
type thing because my day under life
would be the same life every day and
that's quite boring so I'm just going to
talk about stuff so has some topics
written down and I'm just going to talk
about them and go from there
so if you're participating in Veda leave
a comment saying you're participating in
Veda and I'll check your channel out
I've subscribed to a couple people
already don't be hesitant because you
don't know what you're doing because you
feel like you don't have anything to say
who really ever has anything to say yeah
I'm saying it's not the point the point
is you want to get better at making
videos get better at talking to a camera
or you know I'm saying you want to have
a public diary because they're
Millennials and we don't know how to
think inside our minds so just do it you
don't have to have a lot of subscribers
doesn't matter about subscribers there
will always be somebody with more
subscribers in you unless you're that
guy PewDiePie who has the most
subscribers on YouTube at 25 million and
don't know how or why but anyways um
yeah that's beta you should participate
because it's fun and in the video
description box I'll put the link to my
playlist for last year if you want to
watch it if you haven't watched already
and yeah see you everyday this are you
there's a problem
okay a little insecure hmm like I said
believe in yourself and do Veda okay
it's yummy yet so my mother
