hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn look at
my brown hands anyway I am finally here
with my DIY ankara bow tutorial I made
that one and now sigh Oh tell me how to
make that one and then I have worn this
one in the video I know that something
how to make that one so there are many
bow tutorials on YouTube but they all
colonize so let's get this started you
will need a pair of scissors fabric
scissors are preferable but I've got
those then you'll need a ruler if you
like measuring things I don't then
you'll need these clippety clips they
snap clip ease get them up without stove
and then you'll also need a glue gun
make sure you actually have the glue
sticks though or you can use fabric glue
I prefer glue guns but just giving you
another option an awfully mostly pots on
pots the fabric Haleh let's show our
Tito Lou young one Nigerian friend fami
you know just holla old wat seamstress
somewhere and get scrap fabrics I got
these all from my friend Gloria step
number one select your fabric and cut a
rectangle shape
I don't measure but let's say this is
about 12 by 6 inches next you'll cut a
little skinny piece maybe four by
one-and-a-half inches so now you have
two scraps of fabric that we will work
with next you're going to fold one of
the long edges into the middle of the
fabric so maybe fold it three inches up
and glue it down next you're gonna do
the same thing to the other edge except
instead of meeting it in the middle
you're going to overlap it slightly so
that it's on top of the first edge that
you fold it up now do the same thing to
the two short edges of the rectangle
fold one part over halfway and then fold
the other one overlapping it a little
bit and glue them down we do this
because we don't have real skills like
sewing so I need to make clean edges and
now okay so so my bride price is
significantly reduced but listen I went
to college so we don't figure something
out
all right so this is the front and
that's the back now we're going to pinch
the center of the rectangle to make our
bow shape you can either glue the folds
together in the front and the back of
the bow or you can all add these little
hair ties if you have natural hair don't
nobody use these hoes so just get one
from your friend Becky or something and
you're going to tie it around the bow to
secure it your my card is ghetto
I call it resourceful now that we're
done with our bow for the most part take
that smaller piece of fabric and fold it
over and glue it like we did the first
time so that it has clean edges
oh he's fun for you break
shai you have overcome the majority of
this craft in the name of Jesus now all
that's left to do YouTube is take that
centerpiece now that it's all pretty and
that is aren't frayed and wrap it around
the middle of our DIY no so colorful and
glue it down if there's fabric that's
overlapping or leftover you can just cut
that off and of course screw down any
parts that are sticking up just clean it
up polish it up and the main structure
of our bow is complete now take these
clippety clips and you can either glue
them directly to the bowl or you can
just slide it underneath the center and
pin it directly to your hair no one
gonna know the difference because your
hair so thick absolutely no shame in
needing the jumbo size Clube to clip you
can also just bobby pin the bow directly
to your hair and that's it YouTube we're
done you come to the end of this
tutorial I'd show you what the bowl
looks like but my hair some afro puffs
and I don't really go with this what
this bow so please read the video
description box because I have provided
a Spotify playlist of Moral on gems that
you can listen to while you create your
own bubble and I got my sweatshirt from
see you on the internet somewhere bye
