hey to world it's me Evelyn you have
made it to the second part of this video
I will be giving a few tips you know I'm
sound a little bit of my insights into
international travel and how you can
finance your trip Google ask so here I'm
is in the video description box I will
provide a link to a series that I did on
the salt blog it's the blog of American
Student Assistance it's a nonprofit
organization that teaches college kids
how to get their life and not drown in
debt and talk to them about loans I'm
actually a regular writer for them I
have been like maybe a year or two but I
will put a link in the video description
box to the Articles that I wrote number
one plan absolutely nothing about
procrastination and international travel
go together if you are a person ater to
that extent you will stay your happy but
in your state you have to be proactive
you have to do your research month in a
year in advance if you even have the
inkling of wanting to leave this country
and you don't even know where you want
to go start planning now put money away
you don't know where your what the
plaintiff gonna be where you gonna go
it doesn't matter start saving your
monies I've gotta right now saving money
is difficult I understand it takes
everybody in different salary positions
different amounts of time to save
research far in advance for how much
that plane ticket is going to cost
spending money on a Starbucks drink when
easily 10 Starbucks drinks you well on
your way to a plane ticket
wait some habits you just gotta live
bite the dust what's more important
sub-par coffee or a vacation to france
you can be drinking french coffee from /
in france with french people or you can
pull through the Starbucks drive-thru
you make
you decide I'm going to link to Sonia's
travels one of my favorite channels on
YouTube for quick travel tips every
single Thursday she comes at you with a
valuable piece of travel information my
biggest tip comes from doing go to sta
travel.com if you are under the age of
26 they have different categories they
have student they have young adults
young adult is considered 26 and under
and then student I don't know how they
verify your student but you can find
cheaper airfare if you fall under that
category I can vouch for this I found a
significantly cheaper like by hundreds
of dollars cheaper ticket to South Korea
and if I went the conventional way if
you like Expedia or Travelocity because
I procrastinated
and I didn't just go for it I kind of
missed on that because I was flying into
like a not official at a big city second
biggest piece of advice I can give you
is get your travel documents in order
ahead of time ahead of time gets you a
passport get that well in advance once
you have the idea to go abroad get a
passport passport a visa anything else
you might need in order to exit this
realm and enter the next a passport is
like your international identification
you get stopped by the police in Russia
don't hand them your Texas driver's
license what does that mean that's
nothing but how did you get here though
your passport a visa is your permission
to be in a particular country your
immigration process why are you here you
can have a tourist visa you can have a
student visa a business visa there are
many different visas you know the
requirements for the particular country
you're trying to go to also how long
that process
we'll take because there are only so
many embassies and consulates in the
United States for example when I went to
Nigeria they was trying to make me go to
Atlanta can't I can't just fly to
Atlanta for a visa you have to like
figure out the requirements if you have
to go for physical interview like hmm
who are you where are you going why are
you going
quit your meeting net right I mean it's
immigration you're trying to go across
borders so they got some questions I got
my visa the day my flight left you
understand I throw up under stress I was
vomiting all day I hope you're trying to
get to Nigeria and I don't have a visa
yet
oh I chased the postman around North
Austin avoid that heartache you're gonna
say I wept because I didn't think I was
gonna be my visa in time for South Korea
you don't need a visa for the first 90
days I think it is when you get to know
immigration in South Korea they do take
your picture I like do a thumbprint or
something but you don't have to like pay
for a visa next piece of advice is if
you are young or if you're about that
life no matter the age you know try and
stay in a hostel instead of into the
motel mad cheap and you can read reviews
and see the quality of the place the
hostels that joinin I stayed at she has
an apartment but when we would travel to
other parts of South Korea we had to
stay in a hostel and that place was an
awesome facility like you know say it
was a lavage or anything but it was
cleaner then dorm rooms that I have
stayed and been to University of Texas
at Austin and they have walked the
floors of jester dormitory
if you're staying for long periods of
time and you're staying in a house or an
apartment or somewhere that as a kitchen
cook it will always be cheaper sometimes
you just have to make the skinny
you could always saying sometimes you
need to make a box getting the next big
tip is after a while you can do all the
planning you want just gonna have to
press purchase you're just going to have
to do it once I bought that ticket it's
done I'm going the rest will work itself
out so I can do is put aside enough
money and get my life together
there's kind of doing YouTube you want
to travel should have to do it mmm you
can't achieve your dreams it just takes
a lot of organization and at the end of
the day the hooks but some testicular
fortitude next next year 2014 I'm
claiming the name Jesus Christ where I'm
trying to go Canada for Cara Bona whose
country I represent I don't know you
want me to be Jamaica I'll be Jamaican
book you want me to be Beijing I'll be
beige it I will be whatever you want me
to be just let me get my midsection
right and you'll be on and poppin
I must go back to Kenya last time they
saw me out there I was like 14 I've been
like a decade since I've seen my family
so where do you want to go in the world
have you ever travel what was it like
tell me all these things and more in the
comments below and we'll talk see me in
Samoa nope
hold on I also suggest that you watch to
Kayla's video over on the cagey
lifestyle she gives a lot of great tips
for travel she's been everywhere oh my
god would you look at that I had even
provided a free travel planner download
in the video description box you can go
ahead and use it to get your life
together and get to traveling
that's my Bujji Nairobi accent by the
way bye for real this time
