hey you promised me Evelyn I'm going to
be talking about two things number one
in my experience in South Korea
answering some of the frequently asked
questions from my South Korea travel
vlogs which I will link right now in the
atmosphere of this video and I will put
the links in the video description box
for those of you who are watching my
face through mobile blue new
technologies let's get the basic
frequently asked questions out of the
way hi my name is Evelyn I am 23 years
old and I went to South Korea for two
weeks in October to visit my best friend
whose name is dawn she is a teacher in
South Korea and it was my personal
vacation time yes this is a camera I
used for my vlogging travels and then
Instagram on my phone of course it is a
Canon sx1 6/0
is I added my videos and iMovie like I'm
editing this one I'm moving someone also
asked for a tip on how to edit videos
this is the biggest tip I can get
anybody linger on the subject longer
than you think you need lean on the
subject too many people are out here
operating their camera like it is an
eyeball pin pin pin pin pin pin pin
people our eyeballs are moving so fast
and we don't even notice how fast our
eyeballs are milk don't move your camera
like you move your eyeballs on don't be
like Pele see you don't do that just
let's answer some questions about doing
how do we become friends freshman year
at college
she saw me across the room and she was
like oh I gotta get to know her and I
was like shout I swing my way sure look
good to me she is in the talk program
which is a public program that which
means it's through the South Korean
government and she teaches English
that's pretty much all I know about a
program if you would like more
information I can put a link in the
video description box I can't really
tell you about the quality but she
looked like she doing good for herself
how does she take care of her natural
hair in South Korea takes care of it the
same way she would here the process
doesn't really change it's more of the
access to products and I feel like she's
stocked up before she left about a year
ago and she has come back to the u.s.
once maybe twice MO and has undoubtedly
taking projects with her I didn't bring
her like a shower a pack of shower caps
and like some condition that she needed
but I will say this though I never did
my hair when I was in South Korea
because it was too dang humid my hair
was perpetually damp perpetually wet
it's like a sponge like the atmosphere
was like all inside and then it gets
trapped but the heat gets trapped in my
hair and then I like have like a stroke
it was I have bantu knot for like 72
hours at one point like they were just
not running I'm an acid going speaks
fluent Korean no she do not now you
might be wondering how you teach a class
for a couple of hours and you don't
speak the same language listen it could
have it I
tipped with mine own eyes I mean she
knows words Ching like get around
ordered food say thank you you make a
way whether it seemed to be no way and
really that's all that matters a lot of
it when you're if you if you've ever
been to a country where most people are
not going to speak the same language as
you a lot of it is just inferring and
using your common sense if you're at a
restaurant the way there's only going to
be saying like a handful of phrases like
he's not gonna be over you're asking
about politics he's going to be asking
you what do you want do you need more
water
you've gotten so you can just like infer
what he's saying a lot of pointing a lot
of nodding a lot of smiling no yes
someone asked about kpop I don't know
anything about kpop that is all going in
for she went to South Korea she was into
the kdramas and k-pops my only
connection is that um that web series
k-town the reality show on YouTube
wretch Asian wretch and a levee someone
asked as a person who only speaks
English would it be easy or hard for you
to use public transportation well I tell
you right now that I'm now going to
pronounce this correctly the Korean
alphabet
it's called palm boob in public
transportation really most signs you
know saying on the road on highways
anywhere important really is going to
have the Hangul characters but also the
same words spelled out in the letters
that we know so you can always at least
read where you're going how do the
locals react to me me as in
a melanin li blessed human being
let's start off by my plane Rock sat by
a little grandma and her in her husband
my friend experience of like um which
Korea was my Korean grandma forcing me
to eat her food maybe she felt sorry
that I was eating the American version
of the airplane food she kept telling me
the names of the food of course I didn't
all she was saying about like repeat
after her and then in exchange I showed
her how to use her moat you don't say
and that's really all that's what life
is about an exchange of cultures and
experiences I know how to use the remote
and she wants me to eat her bibimbap
there are a couple of times when moms
would like push their children toward us
and I could force their kids to sing
English phrases they're American
practice on them but overall yes people
stared at my brown face doing prepared
me for that she told me people would
stare just the amount of staring that
will happen it's the stare that's like
break your neck to turnaround stick have
your neighbor on the shoulder say look
over there tighten stand it is the mommy
mommy look look Stan follow you with my
eyes down the street stare but it is
just a stare it's not like a old black
people it's more like a there's like
clocking in their minds like this is
happening right now a black person is
walking down the street that's really
all it is it is uncomfortable yes it is
awkward
yes do I have the right to lash out yes
if I feel like it but at the end of the
day in my two-weeks in South Korea I
knew the majority of it was just the
novelty of my brownness what are you
gonna do not be brown anymore
option if you watch the vlog where I
went to do in school and sat it on a
couple of your clips is I mean the kids
just go crazy
like oh my god your eyes are so massive
and first of all they said we smell like
chocolate or coffee knowing good and
well my body butter that day was mango
how I smell like chocolate are you
kidding me chocolate them only not one
of us have chocolate fragrance to
anything on our persons but it happened
you know it's just discovery but like I
said you reserve the right to not let
people discover you you gotta say it
like it's your right to not be in the
mood on any particular day every one
time we were on the beach and this guy
was like taking a picture of us with his
cell phone like I am NOT a man lion that
is on behind like you know what someone
stares at you and you make a decision on
the stare back like oh sorry it was
never that oh oh sorry it was just uh
like I caught you are you not ashamed
embarrassed nothing then the next
question was if I would have gone if I
was by myself and I didn't have a friend
there to greet me yes I would have
survived because I would have prepared
myself I dumped all my brain power on to
do it but I didn't learn I learned like
how to say thank you and that's it like
I didn't know how to read anything in
the characters I didn't know anything
because she cheated me right unlike for
example Brazil where I was like training
and fortunes trial learned Portuguese
because in Brazil I blend in you know
I'm saying until I opened my mouth to
speak no one's gonna be like United
States United States United States and
South Korea I'm obviously not South
Korean so I feel like I don't have to
learn anything you are you Rd peek me
from a mile away
like you already see me coming
I would have made it by myself because I
would have actually prepared in terms of
language and another little phrases
you've got to learn how to say I did
always ask how to say the main phrases
like get away from me interesting things
about South Korea
apparently it's cool for couples to
dress identically there's a lot of like
couple outfits like identically the same
clothes so one of my blogs I went to a
dog cafe place where you go get
something to drink and pet dogs that's
all you do it is a cafe in which dogs
live you know I'm saying and you pet
them I don't know what it is you have to
experience it within your soul to truly
understand why don't those exist in the
u.s. because regulations we got doggy
daycares you got doggy spas why can't I
enjoy a nice pumpkin spice latte and pet
a beagle
that's really all I want to do Tom one
on one um I went to the best first of
all I live in Austin Texas disclaimer
the best hip-hop club that I've been to
in a while what's the supper-room they
was getting net so if you're in what's
that town Itaewon if you're an Itaewon
go to cake shop is it cake shop cake pop
go to cake shop
you gonna have fun cuz they do the
hippity hop with reckless abandon and
it's so much fun I was getting my life
Lisa
there's an eclair and with a song common
style gang now everybody was singing it
like I was in South Korea I just thought
they would be like annoyed by that song
but they was getting it like they was
really going for the gold when that song
came by the subway system so fresh and
so clean like you can actually see the
tracks wanna get to the tracks like from
ceiling to the floor it's sealed off
so the subway come the subways doors
open and then these doors open and you
walk through golden New York get on it I
understand New York is a huge place and
in his old which I've got to get it
together so yeah overall that was my
experience when I go again yes I
probably would go again maybe like swing
through I mean if Asia like it begat
this side of the world well as we know
it they got empires and stuff we ain't
got empires what I'm trying to say is
that I really enjoy going to South Korea
and I would go somewhere else on the
continent of Asia we basically just ate
and I party tonight you have made it to
the second part of envy
quick tip on how to finance
international trip
