hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn hold on
hold on before you fix your fingers
we're Seri I don't know to type some
comment like all she back welcome back
glad to see you back don't play yourself
cuz I'm not back because I never left
okay did I die where did I go am Here I
am just not yeah don't let your
existence on this earth be tied to the
highways and byways of the World Wide
Web go out and live life worried bout
yourself because what you can't what
snapchat in heaven amen
or hell doubt they have Wi-Fi in hell
thank you so much to all my cousins who
checked in on me during the worst of
Hurricane Harvey I do live in Austin
Texas which is about two and a half to
three hours away from Houston so we had
some heavy rain some gnarly winds you
know what I'm saying but overall we're
fine you don't nee mean we're inland
Austin is considered Central Texas and
hurricane Harvey really hit South East
Texas those coastal cities brah homes
underwater cars underwater I tweeted a
video of a girl in a boat rowing past
her high school excuse me um so Austin
where I live in San Antonio being the
big cities nearby a lot of people who
are affected by Hurricane Harvey are
headed our way
so I did spend some time volunteering
which was oddly overwhelming like I did
not expect it to be hard it was hard it
was very easy to get overwhelmed the
place I was volunteering at was going to
Houston and Port Arthur bringing people
back with them here to Austin these
people have nothing
they came on a bus or a van with the
clothes on their back and I'm just like
people's houses are gone you have to
remember this is the beginning of the
school year what I'm kissing they're not
as quick they're not in school it's
alive so if you want to help you can do
two things one of two things anything
really
number one you can donate to
counterbalance ATX they are the
nonprofit organization local locally run
hashtag we don't do that red cross each
round here so they are a local magical
black girl led nonprofit organization
here in Austin so that's the
organization where I've spent my time
and my coin and I encourage you to do
the same but in my years of fundraising
I'm not new to this I know that people
don't donate they shop
hashtag capitalism so if you buy
anything from my magical black girl
store from now until October I will
donate 100% of the proceeds to people
doing volunteer work and to people who
will use those resources right now for
getting people what they need also if
you make a donation remember to ask your
job if they match donations more money
all right it's just a little the life
hack
another update
we hate a honey cake subscribers on the
youtubes YouTube we hit a hundred
thousand honey honey don't know how I
don't be here but that just speaks to
the power of what we got going on
because I don't need to be here I did
receive my silver play button and I
received it in London why was I in
London because I recently received the
YouTube creators for Change
Fellowship no girl got a production
grant blessings keep on my lap okay no
chance with that production grant I will
be creating videos about creating change
and making your word Illuma better
helping people make the word Aloma
better so i went to youtube space london
for the workshop for that fellowship i
met
my fellow fellows from around the world
and that is where I received my silver
play button you also be showing me a lot
of love even though I don't really show
them all the weight all that much love
because I'm currently ignoring YouTube's
emails because I don't know when my
fellowship project is gonna go live
because I'm slightly overwhelmed you to
be my inbox like and I'd be like maybe
like girl and I would like YouTube I'm
judge last update and then I'll get out
of your hair
I turned another year older my birthday
wasn't August so I'm gonna do a video
surrounding surrounding that leo season
is over I guess if you say so but like
I'm the Sun so all seasons are me he'd
know me I celebrated it kinda turning 27
was kind of like turning 11 you know
you're grateful but you're kind of like
you're anything you know 10 and I'm not
13 yet so I guess I'm just gonna bide my
time and do my due diligence until the
good Lord see it fit for me to reach the
next benchmark age
so 27 is kind of like my and
hopefully good things are on the horizon
no good things are on the horizon good
things are you know to the left to the
right to the front to the back I am
surrounded by good things and you are
one of those good things so that's why I
wanted to update you when what's been
going on me oh yeah do I got anything
else
I haven't had a haircut in a while don't
look at that please thank you in the
comments below but let me know what
you've been up to these past couple of
months the good and the bad and I will
see you in real life sometimes if you
see me in real life um always holla at
me but always remember to introduce
yourself because I definitely give
people the blink blink who is you blink
blink blink stranger danger okay knuck
if you buck who are you but if you
scream like internet cousin from across
the street that's now you're speaking my
language if I don't see you in person
that's fine because I will eventually
see you on the unit I entered the
Internet man it's a wild wild place and
I am from it but I am NOT of it Amen
because God said be in the world y'all I
block me all right good bye
