good day YouTube world my name is Evelyn
and I'm here to review a piece of
literature for you in this video I have
no idea what region that accent is
coming from thought I'd be looks calm
thought inspects on vine beans rat
coloring and activity box its back all
the rappers it got it got grease and
fingerprints I was eating Whataburger
ism so I had this on presale um back in
the summer and it was officially
launched to release the bill wolf for
purchase or whatever in September so I
had a solid I had a good two months with
this coloring in activity book I won't
even think was fifteen dollars I'll
leave the link in the video description
box to amazon.com where I got it about
fifty pages long chock-full of different
rappers you overlooked and there's gonna
be it starts off with bumpy I colored
him already as you can can see is it in
photos it in focus
you get bumpy you get Vig you get a
queen latifah you get tight-lipped lyric
stick to your rib riffraff I okay Big
KRIT Joe Budden McLemore I mean I guess
the children loved him jay-z childish
gambino b.o.b whose career has taken
just an interesting turn Big Sean oh god
then it ends with pimp see and you know
why I respect that one of the things I
really liked about this coloring book is
that like the title says it also is an
activity book so you can break out your
peach color pencil so you can draw Drake
color in that light skins and you can
also break out a pen and do a word
search for uh II for T's popular slang
terms like like scrilla and Popo I just
I just love it I just love it YouTube
could draw Ludacris
I thought I did a fabulous job given the
circumstances that I am NOT a drawler be
as creative as you want what I liked
about the illustrations in here is that
they are based off of actual photos so
for example Queen Latifah is in here and
it's a very iconic photograph without
even seeing colored in I know what album
cover or what photograph that this is so
I know what to color her if I want to
stay true to where the photograph is
from but for example for a wildly I
don't know where while a picture from so
I kind of just freestyles his Cosby
sweater and I do it a little bit you
know on Kara fabric cuz he is from the
West Side
what of Africa may I direct you to page
38 b.o.b I did a little I did a little
thing here I cut out some foil paper
this you might call this ghetto
I call this create tips and I taped some
foil to his errands and his grill so
that is you know mixed-media you know
I'm saying you don't want to be so so
one-dimensional you thought I'm saying
you can collage this whole you can cut
and paste this whole you can you know
I'm Sam mix it up with paint and markers
permanent marker and ink non Sam crayon
if you got crayon in your crib you can
only do you know a myriad of things you
do and that's the beauty of coloring
books I will say that this did awaken
some of my past complaints as a child
about coloring books is that they often
make you choose there are gonna be a
couple pages that make you choose
between two activities I have the choice
on page 23 it's a color Big KRIT I love
Big Creek I don't want to be another
nickel you really have to do that on 24
on the back on the back of big crits
page you have the chance to cut out Joe
Budden's
features and and glue them onto his face
I want to do that but I don't want to
that means I have to cut up Big Creek
and I don't want to make that decision
why couldn't they have made me decide
between Joe Budden and riff raff I would
have easily chosen Joe Budden I like
they gave a song recommendation for each
rapper so what I did is as I was
coloring them I was listening to their
music and like soaking up all their
vibes fun B's rap coloring and activity
book is basically the perfect gift
whether it is your birthday anniversary
um Christmas um what else just and I
love you a care package for the hip hop
lover in your life or you could treat
yourself you don't seem like I did
because we deserve it because I love you
YouTube world
I bought two one for me and one for one
of you crisp new copy of bun B's rap
coloring and activity book complete with
our new crisp sharp Crayola 24 pack
colored pencils we don't do rows are on
this channel remember that when you're a
little kid your mama give you rose how
you were like ah what is this
mother you clean spray no Crayola all
you have to do is share this on social
media with bumpy
hey at bun be look at this giveaway that
act Evelyn from the Internet's is having
link to my video
hashtag Evelyn from the Internet's boom
bumbie's my uncle and you might get a
free coloring book so it's all really a
win-win right and let me know who's your
favorite rapper just let me know in the
comments see you on the internet
somewhere bar top nachos get the most of
the lesson all riveting riveting stop
you
