hey the world it's me Evelyn you know
how I love reviewing handcrafted goods
this review is a black boy beauty brand
not not hashtag V G BB hashtag B but
when this dude contacted me and asked me
if I was willing to do a review I was
like hmm you know I'm seeing all but the
girl power bills I let me look at the
site non-seeing
give everybody a chance and I'm seeing I
look and the dude is 18 years old so I
was saying okay this is pretty cool he
is doing big things cuz what was I doing
at 18 he sent me a product to review TSA
swiped it just snatched it from my hands
now somebody in airport security walking
around moisturized elbows and I was left
as she cold and alone what I'm gonna
show you is what I bought and that's
what the morning all are some goodies in
there this review has been a long time
coming like months so without further
adieu I'm here to do a review of hashtag
black boy beauty brand bath tones by
Carl the homie Carl Bo hear that it's a
glass jar that's high-quality the fact
that this is a glass jar is just like
that extra touch that you know I'm
seeing the homie Carl means business
this right here is the product I was
originally sent to review and I did
purchase this particular one whipped
body custard and the scent hot fudge
brownie and it's taking all of my
wherewithal to not grab a spoon and dig
the heck in smell super creamy and it
disappears quickly there's nothing I
more than a lotion or a body butter that
I'd be like emulsifying into my skin's
for like 30 minutes there are no
ingredients and no directions on the
packaging but I feel that it does
contain water which actually makes it a
moisturizer the opposite of dry is not
oily so putting on an oil or like a body
butter that has no water in it will do
not really too much for you it'll just
make you greasy and ashy opposite of dry
is wet so you need a product that
actually has water in it or aloe vera or
something like that in it to actually
moisturize the skin and this has that
the only problem with this product is
that I use it too quickly cuz that good
5 out of 5 skins what did I wouldn't we
agree not afro puffs we agreed on the
rating system but either way it is a 5
out of 5 on the bath tones but a homey
Carl whipped body custard in hot fudge
brownie okay you chocolate smelling like
chocolate everybody go crazy homie Carl
also sent me his whipped shea butter
scrub in the mango and papaya scent you
can you know feel the sugar granules but
they're not so big that very much shred
your skin you can either put a body
scrub on dry skin so you're standing in
the shower and you have a like you're
not wet or anything and you scrub the
skin off you and then you wash yourself
or you wash yourself and you exfoliate
and if the scrub is good you probably
don't need lotion afterwards because it
has good oils in it it's really good I
busted my feet the other day you don't
even want to know the condition my feets
was in though I busted them up with this
up with this scrub it was kind of
embarrassing but I found out with
Maximus got a homie car or his body
scrub you could only use it on dry skin
though before you wash yourself because
what happens if you're already wet in
the
our and you use this sugar just
dissolves and you get the oils that are
in here with none of the scrubbing
qualities I have a squad of five because
I can't use it both ways like I want to
sometimes this part is the back songs
out of honey Carl natural body balm in
passion fruit punch now juicy like I
love this smell and it lingers my sheets
smell like this my jackets smell like
this my car like the seat of my car it
is an oil palm a waxy butter
unlike the custard which has a water
content of some sort in it this does not
this is pure rich velvety smooth oils if
you hop out of the shower don't dry
yourself to oblivion just leave a little
bit of doing moisture on your body rub
this in and emulsifiers so quickly
skins that's gonna be soft shine tea and
supple who stay greased up I give this
by quality products quality packaging
everything got ships me quickly he redid
his website I just peeps your website
Carl bikina good and cuz I liked this
page on Facebook I know that he's coming
out with a line of hair products like is
there anything that the homie Carl can't
do I do have the coupon code for you
so at checkout for 25 percent off that
is Asylum this guy you know some people
like be on you were like a 4% discount
on my way when is that use the code the
internet's annual receipts when a
percent off i do recommend the custard
and the body balm if you want to get two
products if you want it just one product
I recommend the custard that is my
ultimate favorite I'm going pizza but in
the comments below I see
usually tell you a little comment below
but now like can't even answer you tell
me you got a fragrance when you walk in
the room two people know you have
arrived anyway I'll see you on the
internet somewhere bye
