connelly down didn't down back does
Google+ sometimes make you feel like
Miss Uganda and Kerry Washington's SNL
skits what it
OS me ways you what it hi my hey YouTube
world it's me Evelyn
listen I'm not part of a YouTube network
I don't have a Kinect for the contact at
YouTube I don't even really make money
from my YouTube videos and I feel like
even if I did it would be like 102
dollars and sixteen cents every four
scored in seven years
also I'm a big girl
I can handle change I went to like three
different elementary schools growing up
I recently spent two weeks in South
Korea where everybody would stop and
look at my brown face and hair that rose
up and that down my rent just went up
the local radio station here that used
to play prints in James Brown now plays
Arcade Fire and Vampire Weekend's like
on a constant loop but you know what I
took it all in stride all of that I took
it in stride Google Plus and YouTube
changes don't suck because I get in the
way of my funds or even because they
keep changing if I'm being honest with
myself
Google+ sucks because it hurts my pride
I'm not busy being a magical black girl
twirling into oblivion I sit at a desk
as a social media manager in my day to
day life at my job Google+ has almost
brought me to tears on like three
different occasions real salt water
almost poured from my eye holes because
of Google+ let me tell you what that
does to someone like me I feel like if
you are my age mates for the majority of
our lives we have been Internet users at
this point the internet for us is so
intuitive so second nature it's like
remember that video of a baby who kept
swiping the magazine because the
daughter was I
had like it did not understand this user
experience so when I encountered Google+
and I realized I wasn't getting it
relatively quickly on a pretty
consistent basis Google+ has forced me
to wonder whether the environment
they've created actually sucks or if I'm
just dumb that hurts so bad so for that
very egotistical reason I just don't
really mess with Google+ unless I
absolutely have to think what we really
need to understand with all these Google
YouTube changes is that Google doesn't
want YouTube to be YouTube Google wants
YouTube to be Google's video player to
do that you got to move all the
conversations from this existing
thriving Network onto their network
Google+ like I said before I'm pretty
open to change the problem is when the
changes don't necessarily add up they
don't make sense I have three different
gmail accounts like many people in this
world you might have one for your
business you might have one for your job
you might have one for your personal
usage wow I've got seven different
Google+ accounts that's not what am i
who are you what that it how I also
don't need Google to tell me which
comment or commenter is more important
you're all my special friends you know
they say there's four sides to every
story what do you say what I say with
Google search lets you see and then the
truth Taylor streams of information are
nothing new you should analysis Cuddy
you can't do anything about this so I
complain Oh
privacy he enjoys my cousin Robin since
I already have a Google+ account and
I've adapted to the changes and I've
adapted to the fields that Google makes
me feel in general I'm not really too
much pressed the moral of the story is
that Google is making it just a little
bit harder for my internet cousins to
talk to me and it makes me sad just a
little bit forlorn so if you have any
questions about Google+ leave a comment
if you can't and I will pretend to know
what I'm talking about
and remember Google knows that you don't
want to use Google+ and they don't care
because the point is not to have you use
Google+ the point is to just get more
information about you your thoughts it
wants your Amazon purchases Google wants
you
open and wounded for the taking and you
just have to accept it does that make me
to go on
excuse that kinda
