hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn I have
been busy so so busy losing all my
liquids um you know from both orifices
you know in addition to that because
that was something totally different in
digital that I've been just hard at work
being so busy being the first recorded
case of the flu in Texas so today Sunday
Friday was really the first day I felt
alive um
oh it has been a journey YouTube it has
been a journey I just want to talk to
y'all my gosh tagged black girl beauty
brand
I received some button earrings Reese's
Pieces vert Reece is her name and pieces
is okay you know me you know that um you
know I'm not the fanciest you know I'm
I'm but a simple almond I have like
maybe four necklaces total and earrings
you know I'm more up stud personally but
ah
button earrings in general are just
right up my alley because it's just a
little bit spicy so just look is just
enough spice to make me feel live you
know I'm saying I come alive
I feel like a grown up or something like
a girl when I wear these button earrings
and I buy them from all over the Etsy
internet and I've even tried making my
own minimal success but yeah if I'd I'd
share the earrings that I got these are
the earrings I was wearing just now
they're called
all gold everything and if you look
closely they're kind of reflects it
reflective protective um yeah they kind
of feel like a fabric that the chocolate
on viv would wear don't know if you can
see this excuse the edges I don't know
like right now this is all gold
everything and I get the mini sizes cuz
I do have a second piercing and I don't
like it's like completely you know
sometimes it hurts these right here are
100% real leather and they are called
Nina and again I got them in mini and
they're nice deep red color they're very
smooth sart's going out of focus they're
very smooth and sorry vegans this is
animal flesh all right and this is what
Nina
looks like the leather earrings I really
like I just really like them they're
really high-quality my favorite colors
they're cute as a button cuz their pants
and leather goods this right here I'm
wearing the other one it's called sassy
suede in the color rust
it's a burnt orange hook I'm fuzzy and
smooth and nice and they come in this
color and a blue color and look like a
cerulean and then they come in this size
of course the mini and they do come in a
large for you uh large lobed people not
game they'd say I heard we had one um go
us I guess if I ever feel like having
school spirit on the actual day of a
game I will wear these Slade
suede sweet they're so cute oh my god
they say pow and there's other ones that
say wow it's nice comic book looking
thing I knew they're just so cute girl
down here I'll have to
do like like a little up do like a
little vintage French roll thing even
though my bangs are gonna be purple and
yellow but um yeah isn't that crew the
price at her store arranged from five
dollars I didn't see anything over
twenty dollars
she has like African a girl fabric
earring she has other patterns she has
like abstract patterns understated
neutral patterns and really flashy
patterns and the suede he saw the
leather you saw how you saw for the
Ellen from the internet Teresa's pieces
Galilei they're gonna be two winners
this is open internationally to all my
internet cousins like everywhere such as
in the Iraq you have to do several
things related to the social medias
leave a comment on this video saying
which earrings you want they don't have
to be the ones I showed in the video you
can go Sarah website which will be in
the video description box and see for
yourself and leave a comment here follow
me on Instagram you're gonna follow it
traces pieces on Instagram and you're
going to like her Facebook page and say
that I sent you in a comment on our
Facebook page all right the winner will
be selected randomly so yeah anyway
thanks for watching thank you sitting
with me I'm gonna go take my antibiotics
