hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn snaps
as you can tell I am in dire need of a
color touch-up back in April I dyed my
hair with the shea moisture hair color
system in bright burn and my roots have
in fact grown out I like the system
because it didn't dry my hair out or
change my hair texture no porosity
issues at all I will say that my hair is
more of a true brown than a bright
Auburn that was the first time dyeing my
natural hair dyeing my hair period
whether by myself or by salon but I
thought I'd give it another try and
share my results with you in my
experience this hair color doesn't bleed
too much it took about three washes for
me to stop seeing color in the water
even after I've rinsed clear you know
when I initially dyed my hair it did
bleed for a couple washes after that and
I do use sulfate free shampoos as you
can see I'm trying to get it on my roots
people talked about hot roots but my
roots just don't lift so I'm putting it
on my scalp and we'll see how it goes so
that's what the color looks like when
it's still the dye still in my hair it's
really bright red and I really should
have put some sort of Vaseline
concoction on my faux hair but I forgot
and in 30 minutes the color does oxidize
and becomes useless and I find it really
hard to actually do my hair properly in
30 minutes and I didn't shampoo my hair
I just deep conditioned with salt Anika
'ls hit my beauty guru post in case you
don't know what it looks like I'm a
towel on your head let me show you five
different
and then I said situation again my hair
soft bouncy not dry not crispity the
color seems vibrant inside but outside
right after I could tell that I didn't
get my roots dude I didn't get them
roots I don't know what I got to do
leave it in for seventy five hours but
that's the next day and my hair is
bright red actually red not brown which
is what I was holding for but as you can
see my roots are still dark there's
still like a dark burgundy and I don't
know what to do about that and my roast
is hot that's my Scout that's red
because I put it directly on my scalp
but next time I want all-over color I'll
definitely go to a professional 30
minutes just isn't long enough for me
and novice to make sure this mixture
gets on every crevice and coil of my
natural hair texture our hair isn't flat
so to put this mixture on properly my
opinion takes way longer than 30 minutes
so overall it would recommend the shea
moisture hair color system just because
it doesn't leave your hair feeling like
straw and I didn't have any issues with
dryness or changes in porosity but what
color should I go next let me know in
the comments I'll see you on the
internet somewhere bye
