so I'm coming to you via webcam having
some technical difficulties on my side
of the Internet's but you know what
you'll deal a 2 world it's me Evelyn and
I'm not wearing any pants but that's the
purpose of this video the purpose of
this video is to celebrate a very
special occasion so listen closely lend
me your ears for maybe like two minutes
okay maybe three minutes maybe five I'm
not along on top surprise let's get
internet wasted ah that's gonna be so
difficult to clean up but so my internet
cousin the Vixen experience is
celebrating her third blogoversary it's
been three years since she started
blogging over at the Vixen experience
com she's been having giveaways to
celebrate celebration uh and I'm a part
of one of them so the prize is gonna be
the entire crow recovery line from we
dot we dey wud odd the complete line of
the wadad her recovery products include
the cleansing oil the curling souffle
the meltdown mask and whipped curls
conditioner so this sounds good to you
here's what you gonna do to be qualified
to enter this giveaway all you have to
do is to be subscribed to both of us
here on the YouTube internets I'll put
her link in the video description box
and so you should go ahead and click
Subscribe numero dos also in the video
description box will be the official
giveaway entry form you literally just
have to put in your youtube username and
an email we can contact you at I don't
want you leaving comments say answer me
answer me answer me please use that form
and employ your information there we
promise we not gonna spam you I don't
even like you like that that's literally
all you have to do subscribe to both of
us on youtube links will be below and
so below to enter you just click the
google form and enter in your youtube
username and an email we can contact you
at and these products may be yours
perhaps by chance if the ancestors will
it you know what I'm saying are you
ready are you ready cuz I'm ripped is
you read though it's good excited just
just happy blogiversary to the Vixen
experience com you should check it out
check it out check it out I don't know
what action that was pourcel Rick n yo
happy birthday again to the Vixen
experience com and many more on channel
4 a big fat lady on Channel 80
Frankenstein on channel 9 scooby-doo on
channel two buckets in order and Wisie
just walk in Christ and everything I'm
gonna be alright alright so I'll see you
guys in the internet somewhere
