there's a there's mad clear on your
glasses man do you wanna see my
functionality with him did eyes yeah
many my drink
seriously though this mango stuff hey
two broads me I blend my name's uh
Efrain evening cookie and this is my
black because he is graduating from high
school but you don't stop here you go
Tsubasa and after watching on you do my
stuff I'm a star you do PhD is in Jesus
name Amen
through another sibling tag because
people have been asking us to the
sibling tag I'm like you do know he
doesn't live with me right Thank You
minute so um you had to wait till I was
back up here in North Texas so let's go
who is the oldest youngest um well I'm
the oldest we're getting I'm beyond yes
I'm going graduating from high school
holiday I am 17 and I'm 22 we are five
years of private fine whole years of
amazing life before he can describe each
other in one word
now you go pursue this what I got to you
this oh if I'm being serious mm-hmm um I
would say driven mm-hmm if I'm not being
serious I want to say something like
booty me as one word or like something
for being serious probably say
multifaceted lon
complex yeah from not being serious I
probably say alien like that Shane are
you oh yes I'm not real anyway favorite
inside joke I mean I know you do yeah
but it's so interwoven into our being
that I can't name what our inside joke
is story mob story yeah there's three
mob so see the thing about inside joke
is that we're not going to explain to
you what they need yeah we're just
telling you what they are so there's
story mob story Marv is shaking in my
socks
there's hey we can actually say no no so
by our uncle Colin Steve cream eye cream
I fallujah boxes he's so tall right um
but if you know anything about getting
access troubles kuyou accent no the ours
and the hills are a little bit like flip
so instead of cream its colleagues
memorable arguments okay okay
what classifies an argument so like
fight like physically fine but not like
be each other up like you know wrestle
whatever I remember the day I stopped
was I realize you could kick up to my
neck who takes longer to get ready in
the morning me I guess yeah but that's
misleading because I don't take long
yeah he takes five minutes I take 15 so
15 is normal I just get ready early
fetes yes I'm a pretty plain round the
nerd who ladies I just like yeah you lay
around shores aware beforehand like he
does call please me I don't even know
where clean underwear
I mean some variants from here but
you're going yeah
blackberry why iPhone iPhone what's a
black movie um are you close yeah yeah
every close yeah we're not at home to
bug each other
even if we never do anyone but her five
years apart so technically we're never
gonna be in junior high together and
then we're going to be in high school
together never gonna be in college
together
so it's like there's not really any
competition are we good or anything I've
let me both have the same kind of
personality yeah you don't care like I
can't really be bothered by much
anything you do together you don't live
here made videos in radiation oh oh oh
aliens gentlemen do you remember
cassette tapes children this is called a
boombox so I would think the blank seat
blank cassette in there and press record
me would you fake radio shows and then
like around 2001 you upgraded to blend
DVDs and then we've make fake videos
hilarious yeah so that's what we used to
do together just trying to be famous
just charming it Thanks
I'm gonna answer why I think Steve's
dream job is spy on Burn Notice
oh but if that doesn't go through oh
good cause that won't yeah we're gonna
see him um he would probably be leading
a worship praise and worship team and a
church or I don't know this is your game
room my dream for you we're like
composing music for films and stuff that
is a yeah no way your dream job would it
be got a little gooey gooey in my note
your dreams
yeah anything that has to do with
traveling and media if you combine the
two she's probably all for yes correct
hey that works if you could go anywhere
in the world together where would it be
and why
together yes choose I don't care
yeah yeah okay I really do love
belonging people's and pretend pretend
to be black British nobody live in a
British person
bro bro what is it Mike being the
sibling of a youtuber it's funny
honestly cuz I mean I go on YouTube
every day i watch people vlog i do all
that stuff and then sometimes i'll run
across your videos are you subscribed to
my channel yeah I think so
favorite animal your favorite yeah I
don't know a dinosaur
well no it's an ocelot it's like a feel
as much no that's that's a raptor that's
a pterodactyl ah but no Ocelot is like
that it's almost like a leopard but it
can be smaller but has these crazy eyes
thank you you a beagle that's incur I
guess I'm your pet but animal animal ah
Tiger mm-hmm favorite kind of food
meatballs I know that's a GAD whooping
all this film
because I feel like you've got to try a
lot more foods now I'm just going to say
Italian Mulan is further Mindy Indian
vegan need food is good some curry some
bit out maybe helper fun what's the
earliest memory you have that's good
that's a good one Houston Louisiana on
121 pamela drive from that open space in
the back remember that backyard in the
living room oh yes for this memory back
that I can think of that involved us was
I used to lay down on the ground and she
would grab my ankles and start spinning
until I was like perpendicular yeah a
helicopter and then she was so danger
I'm in she and then she like kind of get
low and let go and that like rolling
like a bird I just feel like haha it's
not always memory of you it's actually
in the nursing the nursery of the
hospital after mom had just given birth
to you and somebody I don't remember
who's a dad was a grown up books on
Stewart told me to the nursery to see
you and I remember not believing them
because you were pink oh and I thought
all babies would come out the color
they're supposed to eventually and so I
was like how is he ours when everybody's
brown and he is peak it isn't actually
this is me everyone steal back a little
bit this is me oh my god
now show them your face just doing
Bieber moves we're seeing this video for
that power of who I am and Beaver no but
did you see the do you see the hologram
of him did you see those moves weak it
was a daze oh oh oh if you have it go
ahead and go to her personal Facebook if
you can't if your friends if you're not
well that sucks for you yes it is
alright okay here's can I have a I'm a
young and up-and-coming actor and okay
if you really want some quality acting I
need you to go is on your page I'll put
an annotation that mr. H will put an
annotation here here here here here
somewhere I don't know where but a link
to a special movie that I got to star in
called
Broncos Jackson okay secret agent spy
God um I got to live out my dreams on
the big screen to garbage Gordon she's
going to go ahead Jordan you bitch but
if you guys want to stalk me if you
watch her videos and you're my age you
going to you have age trying to holla at
your boy but through her cuz I don't
want to add in any
because I don't go on Facebook or
Twitter you tweet a lot I don't know I
can't say that I love you guys cuz I
don't know who you are I don't have this
relationship like she does I turn this
video off real quick three bars off the
dome off the cuff first stop this is me
pre graduation after this I'll be
serious about it
