I haven't exactly been honest with you
or rather in my attempt to encourage you
to appreciate the journey that is your
existence on the spinning ball of rock
and water and I think what love is in
the mill is something I forgot to
explain how despite feeling slow or lost
how you can join the process so here it
goes this will be quick
the answer is you fake it you should
help me I'm gonna fret okay how's that
wait look good I was pretty slow but
guess do it yet going anyway detected
I'm sure this is bad for morale Chris
Cox just reading sometimes I am
pretending I am pretending that I
actually believe I'm competent at
something that I'm not embarrassed
nervous I am pretending that I don't
mind how slow or lost I feel in other
words I am dancing any damn way and the
thing is the more you pretend the more
you realize you didn't die that's
spinning ball of rocket water and like
magnetic force field that's holding all
together or something did it stop
spinning so do it again a little more
extra stuff
Oh
stretch it stretch it that's probably
gonna pull something good feeling great
feeling like I'm an athlete the way
extension yes the way yeah now I'm not
saying everything will click right away
for you I'm not even saying you'll get
better because girl I mean the way my
lungs are set up clearly this is not my
forte
but if you were ever wondering what
possessed me to walk into a public park
ask my friend to fly a drone around me
as I put my hands on my knees and dance
while uniformed psycho is soon passed
and couples walk their dogs and kind of
just stood there watching me share this
message with you it's because I'm
pretending I am pretending that I
actually believe what I'm saying all the
time that I have that embarrassed
nervous I am pretending that I don't
mind how slow I am or how lost I feel in
other words I am dancing any damn way
today's book recommendation is
astrophysics for people in a hurry by
Neil deGrasse Tyson that spinning ball
of rock and water bit was inspired by
this book the subject matter is not
entertaining per se but his voice is so
soothing and astrophysics is really good
at making you feel like you're a miracle
but also like you're nothing which is
somehow very invigorating I would never
have read this in print form so shout
out to the out of a minute though sighs
out of over helping me make today's
video they have a massive selection of
audiobooks you can even listen and read
while you run I'm not there yet Oh any
water
is that it's actually a pleasant thing
but visit audible.com slash Evelyn to
get your own audiobook free with a 30
day trial membership and the book is
wash to keep even if you don't fit with
audible because in my drive line and it
helped me hire my friends to make dog
videos try out the police for filming
today's video including the drone pledge
hope you enjoy this video thank you for
the sports bra recommendation from the
comment section of part one I really
appreciate it as a family's all about
you Hans and I support you through lies
when you support my breastesses and the
comments below tell me what excites you
the most about your future you don't
have to feel ready yet but they get like
your fists and I will see you on the
internet somewhere
