hey hey April is over yeah like it's
it's going to be May it's going to be
made you know rent is due but you know
other than that you know I just thought
I take my last video which is like three
300 third hundredths I swear I went to
college video three hundred videos
that's three hundred too many yeah I
guess I just wanted to reflect on my
beta you know I did vlog every day in
April otherwise known as Veda because I
knew I hadn't posted anything in a hot
second but I did Dana because I wanted
to not be in that bunk anymore I wanted
to kind of be on the Internet the
YouTube Internet again like I did that
you know I'm saying I cranked out some
vlogs cranked out a one hair video even
though that technically didn't count as
Veda but the shea moisture video I don't
know I didn't do that Google hangout I
might do that later in May no I won't
vlog every day in May that's crazy but I
might do the other Vado it's his vlog
every day in August which is my birthday
month so then I might be feeling
energized you know cuz it's the month of
my entrance into this world I was first
yeah
I'm glad I did Vanna are you glaring
didn't betta I don't know that it was a
thing and it was a thing that happened
next video coming up sometime in May is
I'm finally gonna edit that my leaked
video for when we talked during South by
Southwest I'm I want to do a draw my
life not because my life is interesting
but because I haven't drawled in a while
yeah I didn't get bullied or anything
everybody's draw my life they're like
man people stuck me in trash cans but I
overcame like that's not really my
testimony YouTube world but I'm gonna do
a draw my life somehow what I want to
talk about this is just a hodgepodge you
know I'm saying I sign off a cornucopia
a plethora if you will oh my god it's
really all that I got and I'm gonna need
y'all to stop plotting on my loins
maybe um just just a little bit I'm
going to need you to get all the way out
of my underwear drawer can you not
hashtag can you not I guess that's
another thing about Veda
you know you found out a little bit more
about me because people y'all were like
oh that's your new friend I'm like we've
been friends for a while he just never
been in a video and it's things like
that like if I never showed you my dad
would you have assumed I don't have a
father like that's that doesn't make any
sense I can't actually show you
everything I can't be bringing you in
the shower with me I can't be telling
you about my job I can't be telling you
you know what I'm saying everything you
know cuz I'm like what's mine huh Oh
what else happened today I don't know
why did he do this but I went to the
blood donation place so just trying to
give blood that would eventually go
whether it goes to the Boston Marathon
explosion victims or whether it goes to
the West Texas explosion victims people
are just encouraged to give
either way so we want to have an office
just stupid me I told the truth and told
them I've left the country recently and
they're like where'd you go
stupid me said Nigeria and now I'm
banished from giving blood for a year I
just want to give you my blood to have
my blood but apparently all of Nigeria
is banished to the depths for having
malaria but I never got malaria and you
know I hope I hope you're doing
splendidly YouTube world thanks for
sticking with me for this Veda vlog
every day in April I wish you great
tight good tidings of great joy or
whatever that was um that they said in
the Bible and I will see you on the
internet somewhere
hello money bail Bob what am i have been
talking about this whole time and why
didn't you stop me that's entirely too
much that's almost embarrassing me too
many do like really like really really
what girl after I look I look myself in
the mirror every day and say girl
