all episode no no Mia
Evelyn Oh easy I'm gonna show you how to
make Athenian yeah baby yeah
vamos aged primero you're gonna need a
glass Segundo I don't even know what
language that is you're gonna need a
line I need to cut this line in slices
not wedges you could go edges but a
slice is preferred I'm gonna I have my
limes and I just put them in the glass
for now how you say next like
fortunately yes need some sugar some
eyes of God let's start off with
whatever that is that a tablespoon let's
start off with that pound the minds so
that they produce
Juiz if we use your spoon but you just
use you can I'm gonna use the bottom of
this ice cream scoop you know I'm just
gonna pound are you getting this quiz
until now does that mean do you
understand me now
anybody see Portuguese subscribe to me
correct me if I'm wrong I'm probably
wrong
so now you're gonna take the magical
potion okay now this is made from
sugarcane
now at this point you want to taste and
see if you need to add sugar if you need
to add lime if you need to mash it up a
little bit bare face - nice one Mogi
emojis refreshing and get you some this
one I like
so deal
