I think my cousin's got me sick I'm
feeling a little a little Brodie would
you would you Benjamin
okay what is it doing recording record
now it's Monday Monday doldrums it's not
pretty outside it's really gray and
nasty and nasty and gray funny I said I
was gross because I eat my pizza with
ranch and I'm like you don't like ranch
should be good so when I was at my
cousin's house she was watching you know
Playhouse of Disney or Disney child
version I don't know
and so I saw the most disturbing thing
ever in my life it is a cartoon called
Octonauts I don't know if any of my
subscribers have children's I know
something I'll do and I don't know what
kind of televisions they be watching but
this show is called Octonauts and it's
about how I guess puppies or rabbits
whatever that there's underwater like
they live in a submarine like underwater
station I don't know why puppies are
trying to be underwater I don't I don't
know why but anyway ones British okay
but that's not the weird thing the weird
thing is like characters in that show
here's a picture it's like it's a turnip
or a carrot but it's a doll at the same
time it doesn't have feet or paws it has
like flippers and then there's another
one that's like half dog rabbit half
strawberry like listen you need to stop
sending these signals to our children
you stop feeding them these biologically
evolutionarily impossible lice
there's no such thing as a dog
strawberry stop it it's creepy and weird
what is this and she's not even
questioning the fact that this is
clearly not it's a half strawberry half
bunny like what who why why would you
have that
as a thing that existed I had to share
that that just was weighing heavy on my
spirit we're just weird little kid watch
big comfy couch Rupert
he was so classy he had a plaid plaid
pants a score little bear I don't know
why his parents were close but he was
naked like he wasn't a baby though why
was he naked what shows did you watch
chill like learning shows like we'll
learn how to read shows what little
shows like that did you watch share in
the comments below hopefully I don't get
sicker I'm gonna take some medicine and
get my life together see you on the
internet somewhere bye
