going home for lunch gonna do my Veda
vlog why do I always open the door I'm
the one who's supposed unlocking Veda
day five off really quickly I'm gonna
talk about eyes
I watched Kamal's video um Veda day 4
video I'll link it somewhere in the
atmosphere you know how I do and in the
description box if you're watching this
do mobile voodoo technologies um a
little random tidbit factoid set of fact
word because based in superstition it
hasn't technically been scientifically
proven or a great upon and that is the
Japanese / Chinese concept of sand pakku
our eyes there's this thing called in
simp San Paco and what that means is
that you can see you know the whites of
your eyes are called sclera right
yinsen San Paco is when you can see the
whites of your eyes right here below
your what is that iris is when you can
see it usually or not I guess for the
majority of human beings you're not
supposed to see the bottom whites of
your eyes when your eyes are open you
know like when you draw an eye you make
the eye shape and then you draw a circle
touching both the bottom in the top of
the eye and if you have
Yin sand pakku your eyes don't do that
they don't touch your iris doesn't touch
to the bottom right and I have if you
can't tell
um Yin San pack I don't know how I
learned about this I don't know I don't
know how I'm looking level at the camera
the camera is not above so I'm not
exaggerating
underneath the whites of my eye but I'm
level and you can see underneath
iris you're not supposed to be able to
according to this superstition what that
means like the Fung Shui within your
body is incorrect attributed to
overconsumption of alcohol sugar grains
it's just like it represents some
chemical imbalance deep within your
chakra and they said that this is a
symbol of violent or disorder like
behaviors and that people who have Yin
sankaku eyes are likely to die an
untimely death due to these tendencies
whether it's from themselves or from
others famous Yin cenp-a coos are the
assassinated president JFK a Marilyn
Monroe she had them apparently
it's not the opposite of ansan PACU is
of course yang Senkaku and that is
probably the scarier one because that
means instead of seeing being able to
see the bottom of the whites of your
eyes underneath your iris you can see
the top okay do you understand how
scared in the famous um yang San pack
that they always give is what's his name
Charles Manson yeah the serial killer
you're not supposed to be able to see
the tops
you're really not you know that that
one's more obvious have you ever seen
somebody walking around seeing the tops
and this was a informal kind of vlog and
that's okay because it's Friday and I'm
gonna go live life and you should do the
same but later I will see when the end
it's over bye
