good morning rooster actually grows yeah
and so I have to wake up early hashtag
freelance live hashtag get you some I'm
going to make my Veda day for let me put
lights on juice since this morning that
means I just woke up which means I'm
gonna talk about dreams and not just any
old dream those literary wins and not
necessarily literally you know like
let's you know but I mean we're all
grown-ups right here is a list of let's
say 10 people that have rocked my boat
in the ocean of my subconscious hashtag
aquas dreams wait wait according to
merriam-webster it is pronounced aqueous
hashtag aqueous dream mark-paul
Gosselaar otherwise known as what Saved
by the Bell
let it be known though that I had the
dream about mark-paul Gosselaar the
grown-up
not Zack Morris the child Daniel
Radcliffe it was after that whole
Pegasus where he was happening well the
worst thing I'm sorry Kerry Washington
you already know Kerry Kerry waffle to
that reminded me remember she was in
that music video with you my lad haven't
they me a month max well through the
ages consistently throughout the decades
just find find this about
Charmian denzel washington the current
that was a Washington have you seen that
TQ spread have you see I'm sorry
he's a family man I'm sorry but it
wasn't me though it was my mind what is
his real name famous Jackson the I
remember that show
do you up there brown eyes though you
got them brown eyes
Jackson Lee Thompson young British
singer-songwriter Lianne La Havas okay
Leonardo DiCaprio she kind of grew up
with him kind of I was like a little
girl who's like that teenage heartthrob
that was a teenager he was like oh
you're fine and then I'm like my 20 like
you're still mine yours fake Leonardo
DiCaprio looks what I imagine you know
when people say white devil like do I
like definitely he looks exactly like
that like I don't know if it's his
eyebrows he just looks dynabox that
dream what had left me feeling
conflicted because you know I didn't
want to be on some Pocahontas John Smith
he come wipe out all my people Gabrielle
Union it's the dimples it's the devil
people with the dimples I made a video
about this earlier people the devil's
evil I'll get you every time even in
your dreams
number 10 some people like to call him a
guilty pleasure I call him a regular
pleasure he's over 18
please don't judge me now - so yeah that
was my walk for today um good morning
hope you have a great day hope you had a
great day depending on whether this
video is posted so in the comments below
tell me what celebrity you had an
embarrassing aqueous dream about we'll
all laugh together and how ridiculous
and embarrassing he's hung these dreams
worth but I would say cut and the
cameras would cut
