hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn every
once in a while I blow-dry my hair and
it gets practically straight here is
what I do with it
Udrih with tutorial ladies I don't know
I don't even know if I'm focus anyway so
I'm showing you here what I do at night
before bed to keep my hair stretched
throughout the week so this is not the
actual tutorial this is what I would do
every night before bed so I just put my
hair into bantu knots by rolling each
medium-sized section of hair and then
twirling it onto itself in bantu knot
and then you secure it with a bobby pin
and I just do this over the length of my
hair I do not apply any product my ends
by the way are not blow-dried I don't
use a comb attachment to blow-dry my
hair so my ends are actually my regular
texture and the other length of my hair
is smooth so that's why they look jacked
alright so anyways you're gonna put that
up in a bantu knot out and then you're
going to secure it I mean you're gonna
put that up in a bantu knot and you're
gonna secure it and you're gonna bed
alright good morning
Ms what the hair ends up looking like
morning and you're just going to take
down all the bobby pins and you're going
to undo the bantu knot as you can see it
has maintained its smoothness and even
has a little bit of wave to that out
alright you're going to kind of run your
fingers through it make sure it's not
tangled especially at the ends and
you're just going to keep doing that to
every section take each pin to not out
down smooth it out kind of detangle it a
little bit and continue in a fashion
like such as when you're done you're
gonna scratch your scalp
then you're going to make the side apart
because I like side parts but you don't
have to make one of you want to oh yeah
when the last time you touched your hair
behind your ears girl one of the last
time you did that okay now for the style
finally you're going to separate a
section of hair on the front as you can
see I don't give a damn about parting
and then you're going to clear hair the
rest of your hair back into a ponytail
bun thing on my jig this is really
elementary my dear Watson and you want
to put in a bun ponytail anything
tucking your ends underneath oh that's
it then for the front you can do a
myriad of things YouTube if you do a
myriad of things so what I always end up
doing is rolling it back like this all
the way back to the ends and then
tucking in those little squigglies
tucking them in to that little Bruno
Mars bumpity-bump all right
and then pinning it down with one to two
bobby pins yeah that's nice project see
how simple this was you should be
embarrassed because I okay and that's it
no gel no brush I'm not about that life
and life is just too short and it looks
fine the way it is okay you can use a
headband and put that all on there and
that's it that's the hairstyle alright
that's it that's it see you on the air
at summer bus
