I'm getting my wisdom tooth taken out
the dancers trippin Tom bow you got two
actual stem teeth so we're just gonna
take out 16 Mike hold up sir the other
75 feet are fine the only one that's
bothering me I see what you're doing
trying to get that insurance get money
get paid no output of the day um
exercise leggings what do they call it a
size tights spent I don't know these are
so frickin comfortable I don't exercise
I just got them because they were
comfortable um and this shirt from
tarjay a long time ago it's so roomy
okay and then I this is how I went to
sleep last night and I'd haven't touched
it since he'll be asking me um how I
wrap things I don't know this throw a
piece of fabric on your head and start
tying knots until it suits you and your
fancy so I'm gonna go you're gonna give
me laughing gas so I don't I hope I
don't say anything stupid I had to hide
laughing gas in a while come into the
deck just in a while but um yeah I break
up booze for breakfast and show producer
somebody for Tepeyac a god ship the
scissor that right there could make a
thing but you can't feel the side of my
face and I gotta think of girls in there
all right take it out now and yeah yeah
it wasn't that bad um they have to give
me longer than usual to let the thing
work
but the anaesthetic worth because when
he started pulling off that walked and
hillsides are living I was like yeah I
was actually scared I don't know if it
was actually pain or if I was just
scared but anyways oh and I asked to
keep my tooth because I'm weird like
that you want to see my soothe warning
if you don't want bloody things
you're not gonna like this there you go
man look at it but I kept it he had to
like use a drill he tried taking it out
and Who am I talking so I heard he tried
taking it out and it wasn't budging so
we had to like sawed off fractions of my
- and that's really what scared me when
he was like pennyways so now it's been
an hour since I went to the doctor to a
dentist so I gotta take my penicillin
take my pocket it and maybe ibuprofen
it's a good thing I packed yesterday cuz
nothing's been happened productive and
these are all other things I need body
hair shower branding things with things
that I don't need books rare thing so
the goal is for me to be able to fit all
this in my car and learn to bring that
later all right I'm sorry I'm gonna go
pass out bye goodbye dad good
huh all right where are we going to
Evelyn my buds heart I shouldn't have
worn black shirts
yeah we're just having a grand old time
well office this is this is her album
that we are jamming to
yes I've been hitting my core part
harmonies on this on this house
whoa never mind
uh Jenny hasn't talked in a long time
Debbie Dave
say her name right my back
i'ma let this happen
ready you're gonna have to edit this out
or you're just gonna keep it in to
embarrass me but little do you know I
have no my a via
dad believed in the head of that
oh my gosh I'm sorry because they always
be because Jesus decided to make me
learn a little bit more go like that
just like that just hold it let me look
at it I need to see it guys my dad just
asked my opinion about her project so um
I had a respond so by being the first
one to pee in the bathroom that's called
a blessing what are you a wolf okay I'm
gonna go find somewhere to eat dinner is
you know what did the Denon CD Chris of
course to be chicken scripts no but am I
gonna try and the sweet tea is hittin
though all right in my tooth home crack
IKEA home I got one two three four five
plants and the little plastic pots to go
with them
each plan was like 252 dollar 50 cent
and the plastic things were like 15
cents so it actually was pretty
affordable and they're real plants - I
got a water them in grab and then I got
this utensil holder you just you know
what actually
it fits if I keep it like this like in
the door and then I got two pillows for
the couch I don't know if you can tell
what they look like when we show you
from the far that's what the pillow
looks like and I got it because my couch
is kind of this color and I have a side
chair that's a discolor so I thought
it'd be really not really nice okay I
love a tool kit because you never
realize you take a lot of things for
granted like having tools at their
disposal and I realized I don't even
have a screwdriver to do the friend
Sheila branded the furnitures coming
tomorrow and my parents will be here by
then but I've our little mini tool kit
thing it was like six bucks
these were ten dollars each lamp they're
$7.99 and light bulbs but however much
light bulbs are and that's my home we
putting my lamb together
Ezard I think the instructions in
English time you buddy
are you confused there you go five
minutes
spoke of what what do you ask yes
yeah that's supposed to have a cover
it's the color of that brown the other
one okay thanks Dean you are the number
one blue
this is blooming in Chola make sure it's
in
cuz I
my mommy and daddy are gone I don't know
what to do anymore I think I am a
grown-up but I am Not sure
yeah first day of work good night
let's go
you obey
