hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn sorry
just everywhere okay here to do my month
October curlbox preview I mean what okay
cool backtrack sorry I'm distracted by
the pain that is radiating who the right
side of my face cuz I just discovered a
massive cavity in the back of my mouth
okay so the first product I received in
my car box was the African pride Xie but
a miracle moisture intense bouncy cross
pudding long freaking name wet pudding
it looks a little wetter than pudding
the smell is exactly like beautiful
goddang textures I think I reviewed that
in a past curlbox video that fragrance
was not really my cup of tea
it just smells like grease
you know I've hair grease just know just
with a little bit of carpet cleaner I
don't want I don't wanna be I don't
wanna be okay so it gave me shine tea
shine tea twist outs twists and curls
bantu knot out every single time granted
oh it says moisture intense from me that
wasn't really the case though so I have
to seal with an oil and I rarely seal
because I use moisturizer to do my hair
if you want are saying so
moisturise are already behind was in it
so I don't feel the need to put more old
on top of all I'm saying once I put oil
on top where I scrunched out the crunch
as they say it was it was just peachy
and I gave me a really shiny hair what I
go out and purchase it again once I
finish it no but am I going to finish it
yeah come on take me a while cuz I'm
really doing much to my hair but I don't
finish it and I'm glad that I like it
because it was a full freaking size um
anyways 405 afro puffs moving on next in
my curlbox
I did not get the henna but I emailed
what customer service and they sent me I
had as soon as they got a new shipment
in um
so shout out to crowbars customer
service because they're always really
fast actually they're always really fast
and you know they be communicating
properly right so rush ma femme henna
that I received from them I got the
color toffee which I was like huh
because there's my really gonna be that
much of a color payoff seeing as my hair
is black
brownish cuz of the hen I been doing in
the past so I would have liked to see
what that plum or whatever other colors
here's what I've done but hey I'm
grateful I got to do I had a treatment
in the first place
if you want to get your deci girl swag
on you know and say swing your hair back
and forth if you don't know how to do
henna or you've never done it before
here's a video I did way back in the day
about how I had it makes my hair really
soft like a cloud but strong I actually
applied this during um the election as I
watched my cousin
when the presidency yet again I will see
you in January cars so loud and banging
now live my trunk trunk full of funk
ain't never gonna pause blow ups so
here's my hair with banana in it and
then I put a plastic bag like a shower
cap looking thing over it and then I put
a headscarf over it and all of it sit
for three hours the max number of hours
that they said on the box so that's it
and then I rinsed it out by a duct in my
head in a full bath bathtub full of
water and this is what my hair came out
looking like in the end and I
conditioned maybe two times I had to
condition put conditioner in my hair and
rinse it out to get all of the henna out
of my hair and you want to be sure you
get all the head out because your scalp
will itch if you leave any of that
mixture on your scalp right when I
rinsed it out my hair was real real soft
and I just really enjoyed it you know
I'm saying and I really needed that I
really needed that henna treatment this
my mother I give this 5 out of 5 afro
puffs
you know lustrous silk moisture max
carrots an amino acid leave-in creme
conditioner really wasn't my cup of tea
Oh like this really I haven't even
finished it it's a sample it's like a
little packet sink one I haven't even
finished it it just wasn't worth it it's
very liquidy you see how it's doing that
why don't I do that and I'm gonna put it
where am I gonna put it
hold up it smells like you know how
vanilla fragrance of a dollar store body
spray or like a Dollar Tree body wash
that's a vanilla fragrance it's a very
it's that off-brand vanilla
didn't have a lot of slip in my hair
either kind of foamed up I think I said
that about
last moistur max conditioning that i
received in our curl box don't remember
which video that was but it's just I
guess moisture max it's just not for me
just foams in my hair like you know I'm
saying in life but it doesn't smooth my
hair down this it has no slip it's just
the air so I didn't really enjoy this
I'm gonna give this don't want to give
it 1 or 0 how am I feeling my jar it's
okay dr. miracle curl care nourishing
conditioner is it dr. miracles a miracle
one miracle or two o possessive miracles
now I really wanted to love this because
of the full size you know I'm saying you
want to get money's worth I know we dog
dr. miracles don't let the miracles so
much because of those wack commercials
the girls like girl get your life
together all you need is some pomade in
them and the scarf this really oh it's
okay so it smells like children's
dimetapp and or robitussin with an
afterburner of vicks vapor rub I don't
understand why you would put in there
thaw in something that could get in your
eyes I don't understand why anybody
would do that I'm in the shower with
water pouring all over me then this
bottle is full of acid that will burn my
eyes off has to be in the shower like
this to make sure water doesn't fall
forward this way into my eyeball wanted
to like it thought I was gonna hate it
but here's the thing that's really good
miss got slip this moisturizing this
helps me finger detangle this rinses out
and my hair is soft afterwards this is a
good conditioner who the hell would have
thunk it not i but it's really softening
and I really enjoy it I give this five
out of five afro puffs what four little
packet thingies of twists and locks shea
butter organic leave-in conditioner
never heard of this brand before but I
think you're following me on Twitter now
so I was alright it was okay having used
the fourth one so that's a signifier of
just how alright it was I haven't gone
out of my way to bus openness just
packet but um I really feel pretty
ambivalent either way so two point five
out of five then we got a little sample
thing of body ecology wild poppy
nourishing body cream I want the small
flowers I crossed it open to smell and
it just smells like a garden and I don't
really like that fragrance so I don't
want to give it a bad review because
it's not that crucial so I'll just give
it two fluid ounces of Eden Body Works
jojoba monoi hair milk I've actually
used almost all the piss this was really
good in the past curlbox we received
Eden Body Works peppermint and tea tree
here milk and I did not like it because
it didn't go anywhere
it wasn't slippery it wasn't he didn't
sink it to my hair or anything it just
stayed on top and that's that's knuckle
sweat I so I was kind of apprehensive
about this but when I saw that the
consistency it's a lot thinner than the
other than the peppermint and teacher
you see how it's kind of translucent
already so I was like okay this could be
promising it could have some sort of
slip and the fragrance smells like it
smells like aloe vera
had slip I could use it as a leavin and
a moisturizer for me the only difference
between the leave and a moisturizer is
just the usage a leavin I use on wet
hair like I just got out the shower just
finished washing my hair or something
and then a moisturizer I can use on dry
hair I could slap this on my hair right
now and it'll sink in and become
slippery and I can like it cuz it
becomes malleable and manageable again
so that's what I like about this is that
I can use it both ways so good job Eden
isn't that the 11 year old girl 12 13
some but good job so let's move into the
preview of November's car box full-size
seventeen point six ounce tub of new not
intensive hair mask
it's from Basu that's Brazil that's how
you say Brazil and a Brazilian X
that's you a little box of clear scalp
and hair beauty therapy a shampoo and
conditioner this is what it looks like
soy organics waterless shampoo Hawaiian
silky Moroccan argan oil Palmers coconut
oil formula deep conditioning protein
back
dr. miracles stronghold gel full size
and I did smell it smells like vomit
appendix if you want 25% off your
purchase of strollers which are just
rollers I guess use the code crow box if
you want 20% off the entire site plus
free shipping pure matters.com which
looks like they sell vitamins for hand
nails yeah there's no code I guess just
go so yeah pure manners calm good day
lipstick my soft matte lip cream
in the color Monte Carlo and if you this
is just a headband that's put on
backwards just Google Keisha's YouTube
and she the one who really made it
popular you know I'm sandy and this is
just wash and go to hair I can only wear
my watching goes in the pub so that's
what I did
so anyways alright see you on the
internet somewhere
