hey to birds me Evelyn this as a
spur-of-the-moment video just want to
come and show you that I have done the
unthinkable I have walked through the
valley of the shadow of death is like my
fourth or fifth time finger detangling I
didn't know this was possible I thought
I had to be a mix child to do this I
thought I had to be like on some three
c3b type stuff or alternatively be one
of those girls whose hair naturally
looks like a blowout they just don't
have no kind of curl so but I've needed
one of those my hair is in sanely corley
spiraling um so I never thought I could
do it but I'm doing it in a my show you
praise God first you're gonna need a
spray bottle of water and your favorite
conditioner your detangling conditioner
you don't even need a separate
conditioner sometimes I can just be me
detangle with the slip that this alone
provides and then you're gonna need your
digits shouted so far I can only finger
detangle on stretched hair I haven't
tried to finger detangle um washing goat
hair but anyways take your spring then
you spray it down I'm going to spray
away from the camera is really awkward
let me do this left-handed like gently
separate big chunks of your hair okay
you get your conditioner
I really hope this is in focus you get
your conditioner and you smooth it in
hold your hair taut like this and you
take each big curl out am I in focus
got dang and you take each curl out of
the bunch like smoothing it out and
feeling for tangles okay just like that
keep smoothing it and I feel the tangle
right there so kind of put my finger
through and smooth it down and that's a
detangled piece of frickin naps can I
get an a man youtube this the side this
is what my hair looks like in the
stretched style again you take your
whatever this is your conditioner mix
and you see the hair is starting to fall
already this is where you take out the
big tangles of the big tangles you just
like separate non meticulously um
haphazardly you know my vocab really
anxious we start from the bottom instead
of the top so you hold your hair taut
and you grab each curl and smooth it
down and pull it out smooth down the
hair strand feeling for tangles along
the way and take it out of the bunch oh
there's a tangle there the tango at the
bottom now if you get tangles usually
right here I'm a pray for you in Jesus
name but I usually get tangles
very end so you just look at it and take
your hair out of the knots right slowly
we're coming in slowly work on it you
see that I need them here this is what
makes finger detangling whoops seem
almost ludicrous because who got time to
take out what not yeah so at this point
your hair smooth and detangles
congratulations bantu knot that oh
that's how I think entangled it took me
it took me almost an entire episode of
Real Housewives of Beverly Hills so
maybe like 45 minutes I hope that helped
somebody um who kind of has hair like me
or didn't understand this this this
phenomenon of detangling your hair with
your fingers and I'll see you on the
internet somewhere bye
