hey it's me Evelyn we talked to the
children's number one don't slay don't
slack I told you don't slack the major
difference between high school and
college is time in college you have so
much time you're no longer in school
from 8 to 4 now it's like Monday 10:00
to 12:00 nothing in the middle and like
2 to 3 that's very dangerous because
you'll be fooled into thinking you got
all the free time in the world to just
run around the campus you know I'm
saying go hug a cat learn some your
freshman year will be the easiest year
you'll ever have think about it that way
so you need to lay the foundation and
later they lay its chrome you know solid
so that if something happens sophomore
year you're not saying you rush hey I
don't know um you get a job you know and
something happens see here maybe maybe
addy I don't know something happened
something comes up your GPA won't be
obliterated and you're not even a junior
yet like that's not a good look in
college classes you only have like what
three grades four grades as opposed
to high school where you had like
worksheets yo was the last time I did a
worksheet so instead of having like 17
grades in the grade book now you have
three you better get it right right and
write again because if you mess up one
bad enough like a mathematically
impossible to get the grades you want if
you like got a D on first grade so when
you organize your classes get your
planner and your syllabi and got a nice
little binder and whatever going with a
real life so it is maybe you're like me
you write on your arm
hey plan on your tests know all that
stuff
piece of advice number dos how do you
make friends like how how does this
happen right get out there yeah I mean
if you're coming into college and you
don't know anyone I was never much of a
talk to people that lived in my dorm
like that was not that was nothing like
opened or not that was no I was never
there for those but I did join the
different associations and things like
that and the main thing I would tell you
as a freshman is that yes it's going to
be awkward
push through the awkwardness because the
person sitting next you might be your
best friend by junior year you have no
idea like you have no way of knowing
unless you talk to people is it gonna be
awkward yes there are all these
organizations vying for your attention
pubbing to you you know I'm saying maybe
the Black Student Alliance Black Student
Association whatever it's called it's
having like a step show I don't know go
to it you know if you see someone who
lives on your floor sit by them you know
it's it's making connections hey I saw I
know you from boom from where next time
you see them hey I saw you from boom you
know I'm saying I know I'm making it
sound a lot easier than it is but
sometimes it really is that easy my
spots a black student lock-in
to those and because I didn't go to that
freshman year to this day I still feel
like there's like a whole world of black
people at UT that I have no idea exist
like they're even on my radar like I
know them through stories and I know
them like through mythology and things
like that but I've never actually met
them and it's because I didn't go to the
student life game like it's for real for
real like you have to take advantage of
opportunities that are given to you
provided you know for your socializing
pleasure third piece of advice loan
money it's not real money let me say it
again can I get a hot tub loan money is
not real money please marry Jesus and
Joseph don't go and get your financial
aid check and be like let me get some
500 all the shoes $7,000 iPhone like nah
ho no money it's not real money
so you think everybody around you was
balling out of control no a financial
aid check is not called balling out of
control
what piece of advice um never buy
textbooks then was freshman year I took
an advertising class and I went ahead
and bought the book tell me why was a
hundred and five our book I didn't cry
book open once got an A in the class
nonetheless nevertheless so I went to
beat the bookstore or those bookstores
that buy back your books whatever it's
called in your neighborhood and I got a
grand total of ten dollars back how is
that okay one thing I hate is when the
professor makes you buy their book I
might cleaning I'm paying your bills
right now like I'm paying a bill not
only am i paying tuition which is paying
you I'm paying I'm paying for your
merchandise professor was I care that I
need addition the 7,000 of this book and
I'm saying can I get Edition 6000 like I
need you like describe for me the
crucial difference is that would warrant
be paying about $50 extra for this new
addition he basically said by whatever
addition you want but it's not
microphone if you miss something
okay okay like are you not teaching the
class it's not just about the book it's
about his lectures as well so I bought
the cheaper book and I still almost fell
the class but it had nothing to do with
the book issue is what I'm trying to say
what are we number five
good piece of advice learn to say no
100% full disclosure I suck at it
because I love fun I love hanging out
with people someone advice used to a
party but you got a testimony say no if
someone tells you to study with them and
you know for a fact domino study say no
if you're at a party and all boy is
trying to run up on you know you got
these old men
in these parties trying to roll up this
is me flexing I don't know trying to
roll up on look 18 year old girls you're
uncomfortable say no okay hold your
girls we're stuck all around you and get
you up out of it alright girlfriend did
you hear me all right into the boys when
a girl tells you no boy yes
do you hear me anyway I just got a
little too out of control
I'm trying to say is be responsible
everybody makes mistakes but what's
still making it a habit that's when
you've now given other things priority
over your education and your pants so
damn much to do that party wisely so
that by the end of the deal but by the
time you're four years is up you have a
heart and a mind full of experiences you
know I'm saying but you also have what
you came there to get your education you
can do this but you can so do this I
believe in you you don't have to say
that's pretty much all I got um
