I don't know who they is but they say
life is a race and often that sucks
because I have never really been in
shape uh in junior high a coach forced
me run cross-country I think we can all
touch an agree on the problematic reason
why she assumed that would be good but I
definitely came in like 23rd every time
how long was that that was like like 10
seconds from there it's all my guy maybe
it's like my boobs are like walking me
back
maybe I doesn't really work how it works
in both commercial do you think I was
like what a hundred or a hundred just a
100 so they go 50
we have like a deodorant stick posture
and a Dewey you mustache you got thighs
to collect if I just run like this
lately all I feel like I'm racing again
try to be honest feeling real slow okay
it's that time of year you know by now
my peers are lawyers doctors parents
some people want the military ride with
me were younger when all the way to
combat came back I would have never
lasted in the military what soldier you
know run a 27 minute mile what Oh Connor
Connor when I was like 19 or 20 I told
myself I run a marathon by the time I
was 25 guess it's turning 27 I am trying
to acknowledge and appreciate my
accomplishments okay I have made strides
in my job and my other Internet
extracurricular activities and insane
I've been out of high school for almost
10 years college for five and I recently
realized that without the structure of
that institution I have no idea how to
gauge progress can I go to the next
grade or not when do I graduate from
this stage in my life and what am I even
graduating to our blend school system
for making me this programming me this
way all that standardized testing whole
lot of schooling
not a lot of learning you know
understand if you go broke way he'll
leave yoli's Achille look at it
look at it yessiree yessiree hamster
camp camp see yeah that guy's oh so this
is my inhaler
um the brand name is proven√ßal H as a
it's just your average albuterol sulfate
inhaler side effects may include
shakiness or bitch but side effects also
include being able to breathe
singing I'm saying it's a give and take
and I already know I shouldn't compare
myself to others that the lesson here
might be some like life is a race
against your own personal best
or maybe the lesson here is that it
probably doesn't matter how slowly you
go as long as you don't stop like do
that weird hip pain that like Olympic
fast Walker's you doing you look real
foolish but hey you got a gold medal to
a fan or maybe hear me out
maybe the lesson is that you don't even
have to race at all
if you want you can just like Dan the
whole way until you die you know I
thought I felt like that wasn't better I
like that one better let's go with that
today's book recommendation is this is
just my face
try not to stare bye after schedule
Saturday it came out earlier this month
and I have been listening to it she
narrates it which is a big plus you know
that's the main reason I listened to
both inaudible shadows audible for
helping me make today's video they have
a massive selection of audio books you
should really check them out you know
anything you can read while you want I'm
not there yet clearly because I'm
focused on my heart not excluding but
visit audible.com slash Evelyn to get
your free audio books free anything you
want with a 30 day trial membership or
anything and you can keep the book even
if you don't end up using audible
because they're not traveling and they
helped me higher my friends to make dope
videos set up that Elise will film
today's video including the chocolate
edge hope you enjoyed this video
washing my thighs in slow motion and
maybe Dookie whiskey small ankle they
hurt there's more right now the comments
below tell me what life lesson you're
trying to understand break and I will
see you on the eye
you
