first of all yes this is another bootleg
pinup here's the back okay nothing
nothing fancy going on there okay just
give you a little shoulder work okay but
seriously the purpose of this video I
have the ability okay to give away my
curl box subscription for the months of
june july and august okay and the reason
I'm doing this is because I will not be
in texas for the entire summer pretty
much i'll be in phoenix arizona and i
won't be coming back until late august
right so i don't want to have my car
boxes just stacking up in my house
getting texts much for my mom talking
about Emily or she'll probably quit this
I'm not really here for that if you are
in the US and subscribe to my channel
this contest is for you so what's going
to happen will switch the shipping
address of micro box subscription from
me to the winter and you will receive a
curl box for the next three months the
June probox did you like robux and the
August curlbox they will be yours my
gift to you so go and click the link
that i have provided in the video
description box do not put enter me in
the comments do not put i want to curb
us in the comments click the link in the
video description box it will take you
to a google doc form and just enter in
your username okay and what that
is it just puts all your names in an
Excel spreadsheet for me instead of me
coming back a week later and putting
2500 user names into a spreadsheet it
just saves me a lot of time right so
that's all you do just your YouTube
username okay you have from the time I
post this video until midnight central
time Thursday May 31st okay midnight
right so it will feel like it's
Wednesday night but technically because
it is midnight it is then Thursday May
31st I'm trying to be clear not friday
technically it's Thursday but it feels
like wednesday night still okay you have
until then this video will finish at
that time the google doc will be closed
and you cannot enter okay and i will
come on and announce the winner children
randomly through random.org via youtube
video that morning thursday morning okay
you have from bed until friday june
first to get me your address it's the
most important part because they're on a
schedule trying to ship out these crow
boxes all around the country and it
can't really be waiting for me to switch
my address of my subscription to a
different address right so if you do not
get it to me by June first all bets are
off and I just get to enjoy these crow
boxes in September in homes and so just
be sure to come back on this channel and
watch who I announced as the winner
because if it's you the clock's ticking
and you got a very short amount of time
to give me your address okay there would
be only one winner winning three curl
boxes
and us subscribers only and um yeah so
that's it good luck okay click the link
to enter the giveaway and i will see you
thursday morning okay and not see the
winner is that ok with you is that good
I'll be good I'll be clear any questions
any at all hit me in the comments
hopefully I was clear but um I think
that's it ok um so have a good night and
I enter the giveaway just go just go
ahead and enter it you know you don't do
anything right now go ahead nature to
give away
