Heys the world it's me Evelyn we're here
in Palm Springs with waha but just call
me wha Melanie you're going to collab
they're going to get ready with me we're
going to Grum Grimm gonna Grimm and
we're going to talk about stuff I don't
really bring much stuff with me when I
travel so really all I have to put on my
face is offense okay
are you seeing this I'm going to start
out with angel Ville primer by um NYX
because I'm just been the most greasy in
this forehead various tell us about you
okay so my channel is originally was a
beauty channel called dark-skinned divas
I saw that there was a space that needed
to be filled by darker skinned black
women on YouTube who were proud of being
dark skinned and who didn't see makeup
and dark skinned eyes like a little bit
of a challenge I'm Brandon do things I'm
not I just okay but I decided that I had
so much more to say cuz I'm an actress
like I started adding social social
issues and current event issues to my
channel uh oh this is um color effect
translucent powder is the trick I got
from Jackie ina because I'm like extra
extra or use forehead so I'm just using
the glossy a skin tint enriched which is
the darkest color people always ask what
my skin care routine is I never asked
what makeup I would have my skin care
this is Laura Mercier cushion and this
is in the color 555 suede C it's the
darkest one it's the miracle cushion
d see yourself still being on YouTube in
five years yes and no but I would hope
to get to a place where I'm making money
on YouTube or making a little money and
it's not my ultimate goal to be a
youtuber forever I want to be an actress
so creating this channel is something
that has allowed me to showcase the many
different sides of me without shutting
myself into a box that happens a lot
actors do you tell people you people on
your YouTube channel know how old you
are I think some of them do but I think
some of them willfully choose to like
ignore ignore when I tell Zoe I'm so
when we talk about in five years will
you still be doing YouTube do you want
to tell you
how old you will be in five years oh
yeah so the answer when I think about
that in reference to my place hell no
like it's a lot you know I will be 35 in
October so in five years I will be 39 40
sons so Alan a little push a to the
women who are 40 who are on YouTube but
I'm like I'm sure they're a lot further
along in their career or their lives and
I'm in a place where like I need my
career - typical Oman Browns room brand
I just started oh yeah for my brows I'm
using some Milani easy brow if you
follow me you know this is like what I
use or in collision this is in dark
brown okay mix uh eyebrow pencil in dark
brown if I am on YouTube I need to be in
a place where I am influencing oh and or
commanding a certain price alright so
we're just doing a little bit of eyebrow
illustration some of us might in this
same vein she got way more browsing hi
what do you consider success on YouTube
and what do you consider failure on
YouTube
I don't consider anything failure on
YouTube because I feel like if you're
actually really trying to do something
you will do it I think if you really put
everything into YouTube you won't fail
unless your idea is to become someone
who is completely sustained off of
youtube and makes I mean I don't know
but like I watch a lot of youtubers and
nobody will actually say how much they
make especially the ones who like don't
do that videos you see the vlog I'm
moving on like are you making 10,000 a
month because that's what I like you
know like what are you raking 10,000 I'm
like I wouldn't move out from my
roommate situation if I was only making
5,000 a month from YouTube I mean not to
say that that's not a lot of us it is
well the people who I think are able to
do that have other things going on a la
girl pro conceal in the color girl I
don't know it's lighter than me though I
have that too but my dark cocoa
something we also have in common is we
are all 14 day jobs but we're
team we got a job yeah I'm just kind of
doing that but also with the
understanding that like my first sort of
priority right now is YouTube because
that is the medium that I'm using to
propel yourself from myself for it's
almost like I just want my own variety
show it's like I am an actor like I have
things to say and like I want to be
known as somebody like you know dare I
say like mini Oprah like you got your
own magazine don't nobody else be on the
cover of your guide with you so do you
think having a day job hash tag day job
prevents you from experiencing like the
burnout that youtubers so often like
come on camera they're like nah I'm just
not inspired anymore no I think grants
to burn out like all the time because
it's like you have to do both things
yeah I'm using Kat Von D tattoo liner
I'm using eyeliners that the label
rubbed off on oh I don't know but it's
one of my favorites I'll get like it
good one I like it I I got to keep
myself motivated my job to stay
motivated and before I would try to get
my motivation from like other online
people like my way what tag is popular
just do a tag real quick even then it's
like oh I could do me when I like is
it's a cop out cop out there yeah hey
girl
Oh family to senior the nubian palette
by dubiously okay I don't know how to do
this without tugging my eyes so sorry
yes I know it encourages wrinkles
problem is that I don't consider myself
a writer and I'm having to be writer
producer and director and I consider
myself a writer producer director you
shouldn't price of an actor that's
fascinating because I love being behind
the camera more than in front of the
camera people assume when you're on
YouTube your goal is to be a youtuber
like to have that be your job I'm using
some concealer that I don't know the
name of it this is why I'm not a beauty
guru
hey everybody says it's me I'm here with
a Bed Bath & Beyond all this money let's
try to do I just want to make cool stuff
and it just so happens that
I only have access to people via YouTube
so I'm using this Hikari
Lester shimmer bronzer I'm going to use
this dark one as whatever this is called
what does the only like highlighter yes
but I think you put it like that and
then you just like yeah and it doesn't
why did put eyeliner on because smaller
you don't need eyeliner I feel like when
you have big eyes man you need a low
flows I'm gonna bring it back down earth
for me success on YouTube I feel I feel
like I already having a habit yeah
and they watch the videos and they
comment on things and I see them out in
real life sometimes and you know I'm
shady and I don't do Meetup
y'all still like me who gives a black
girl beauty brand nude it's called
mented and it's a lipstick company that
makes nudes for Mellon ated people so no
more ashy donut duck lips donut dope
taupe that is basically the color of my
lips but yeah I don't know folly on
YouTube in five years
am I on YouTube now I'm going to finish
things off with my perfume which is this
my favorite perfume hi wildflower two
lovers rock mmm I smell like old Elle
Jamaican sound flip is blush on and this
is a mineralized blush it's love thing
it's by Mac man I was going to do this
purple lip mmm it's a it's a Milani it's
matte glam and it's from last spring and
I love it then after I have one more
move and that's going to be my bhashya
white charcoal mattifying spray welcome
brick yeah setting spray
okay very good so YouTube man I'm here
you know and when I'm not here I'm not
and as with most things living in the
world when they're when they're here
they're here when they're not
so that's a pretty color thank you that
is a pretty color oh yes I must Ligurian
for a second let's look it yeah oh my
god do look down all right casual look
down it's like something like a back and
then it's like okay and where can people
find you on the Internet people can find
me just call me wha on Twitter on
Instagram and on YouTube and Facebook so
don't call me wha and then go to our
next video that's gonna be getting
unlined each unready tonight and I'm
gonna make her do all of my skin carrots
like you half Korean half llama skin
care yeah what do we want them to tell
us um where you would like to see you
subscribe years is that weird Oh No
yeah would you follow us and right now
where would you where would you want to
see us in five years I feel like we have
very supportive like internet cousins
yeah Internet is a really trash place
and y'all are so not trash it's magical
like I don't understand where y'all came
from so the comments below let us know
where you see us in five years she'll be
40 I don't know that does it how that
happened yes I'll be 13 oh all right
we'll see you on the internet somewhere
bye bye
