hey youtube I'm looking busted but um I
don't feel very good today I am open
like this yeah I'm gonna want to feeling
Oh food poisoning stomach virus hope not
cuz I'd be touching everything in this
house you know even the wispies the
wispies they're out here making an
appearance covering things and my to-do
list I've just juiced some stuff by the
way cucumber does really taste that
great this video is just a quick little
playlist three videos youtube covers
part dos first you're gonna listen to
Sid Sriram cover of Frank ocean's we all
try I know that we sing but I don't
believe it I was a completely different
voice than Frankie towards the end I
actually had to like stand up you know
I'm saying like you know the Hallelujah
hands like I actually had to do that he
just seems he just brought it he's from
cali real cool dude he's my age so once
again people my age doing big things um
but yeah i really enjoyed this cover and
they listened to it frequently so i hope
you liked it too second I'll reintroduce
you to my wife Lianne La Havas from
England she is
phenomenal mmm i'll be showing you a
live performance you know just an
amateur video recording or the show that
she did where she covers Jill Scott's he
loves his special little food where he
know that Jill Scott just gots version
was on song like I actually don't even
know what her song needs and I'm sayin
like that's grown folk music like I'm
not even there yet to write but LeAnn in
her classic whispery hushed haunting
voice she just it just sounds very very
different you know I'm saying almost
tragic I don't know I don't know what it
is about Lee Anne's voice but she my boo
and I will be like the video lastly will
be capping it off with my newest
obsession from youtube channel house of
alts like alternative alt um do name
Shaka from London West London represent
anybody in the house bullets bullet
acapella version of Beyonce's end of
time I'll be a baby promise not to let
you go
crazy beyonc√© ain't got nothing on the
zoo like really like and the thing about
acapella that makes it so impressive is
that the beats the sounds that you
didn't even realize were happening in
the background he had to listen to that
and recreate it using his voice he does
it all you know what I'm saying and then
he hits that rap at the end hela wrap it
was fire like I can't even lie I'm
getting excited just talking about it
and I'm not even talking to a real
prison right now I'm talking to the
computer but I hope you enjoy it so um
click my face to start the playlist and
I'll be enjoying I'll see you in the
next couple minutes
