so I would just like to come and review
a product for y'all for anybody who
needs it
Tom's long lasting aluminum free
deodorant in the fresh apricot scent
long story short it sucks it doesn't it
doesn't even deserve a review to be
filmed on the actual camera I'm coming
to you via webcam alright
that's how much it sucked let's go the
short of it the long of it costs maybe
three or four dollars it's more
expensive than my normal deodorant which
is Krystal okay that's my normal
deodorant but it's finished so I said
let me try something new now if you'll
recall about a year more than a year ago
I think I tried tom's roll-on deodorant
so it was a liquid like the one I
already use but it was the Tom's brand
and I'll link to that review somewhere
in in the space right here and I hated
that right and people in the comments
had said that oh I think the roll-on
just sucks cuz they personally use the
stick the solid stick and they don't
have no problem a year or more later I
decide to try a stick this is why this
product sucked two reasons number one it
made my skin peel all around my armpit
area especially like the perfect look
this is my pick around the port Oh
my underarms it was peeling it looked
like a sunburn I'm just disgusting
they're peeling that is but oh go
whatever is in this that's causing my
skin to peel off not a good look ever in
your life to have
okay so I had to like scrub like I
bought like who stole like 57 brushes
and I can scrub it off it didn't there
it didn't hurt it didn't make a rash it
wasn't red it was just peeling it wasn't
even sensitive it was just the skin was
just coming off of my underarms so
that's bill number one bill number two I
actually think that this like the Tom's
roll-on deodorant that I had tried more
than a year ago caused it made me smell
even worse than what I smell like when I
don't wear anything that's not that's
not okay
it's a deodorant how does the deodorant
make you smell I don't know it's like it
mixed with my body something in this
mints with my body chemistry and it just
made a new smell that was just horrible
that's my experience with this products
of Tom's roll-on deodorant sucks
Tom's stick solid stick deodorant sucks
I just wasted my honey I've only tried
it for like two two or three days
and it's a waste of money and I can't
use a throw it away because I mean why
would I put product on my armpits that
makes them peel and makes me smell you
know I'm saying so now I just waited
like four dollars I went back to crystal
right now I'm trying the Crystal spray
it's the exact same product just in
spray for him and I love it I don't know
why I be trying to deviate from the norm
what I usually regularly use Tom sucks
crystal is the fog all right I hope this
helps somebody trying to be on your
natural lifestyle skincare skincare type
thing I hope it helped you questions if
you have any comments
