hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn and
this video will be a review of the March
curl box and a preview of the April curl
box which I received in the mail today
there will be a table of contents in the
video description box so you can skip
ahead because I will be reviewing each
product that came in the March curl box
as well as giving an overview kind of
review of the curl box service itself
we'll hit up the table of contents if
you don't want to hear a certain section
all right gives not gonna say once let's
go it has been a minute a hot minute
since y'all heard that theme song it's a
hot a hot minute curl box is a monthly
hair product subscription service with a
nice sleek box that's really cute the
typography is on point and you open it
like this okay and inside look and
inside you'll find your products a
little card you know inside it has my
leaked shots you saying what the
products are and what you can use them
for which is really helpful I love how
its design looks like a magazine cover
hot chocolate girl on the front hot
chocolate girl on the back it's $20 a
month which equals two hundred and forty
dollars a year but if you buy a yearly
subscription service it's two hundred
twenty dollars up front so you've got a
month free I knew the $20 a month
because I don't know that I'll be
keeping the subscription going for a
year each month the chromebox people
take out $20 for my account through
PayPal automatically I don't have to go
in and buy each time this was just away
from me it's kinda know be a little
proud of the junkie on the side without
having to spend the trophy
with monies that it takes to buy and
ship all these nappy-headed home
products the curlbox it ships every
seventh of the month but it was pushed
back a little bit for April because
April 7th was the day after Good Friday
is a good Saturday I don't know what
that's called customer service it's
really awesome they answer emails very
quickly the answer tweets really quickly
which is nice and you also get
newsletters you know special emails like
that when it comes to the curlbox I
think people's biggest criticism is that
it's not really worth the $20 to them
because it's just the box of sample
sizes and if you have a big head I can
see how if you have a lot of hair it
might you might feel kind of gypped
but at the same time I mean that's why
it's a sample size so I guess tested on
the twist I don't know what to telling
you but for me it's enough I'm happy
March April
keep going major it's a really good
service so far I've only had it for two
months it's only been in effect for
three so so far I'm pleased with curlbox
as a service ain't nobody trying to jack
me for my money you know I'm saying so
they're good people over there at
curlbox start with the two products that
I have not used yet ultra Sheen supreme
super smooth Holt Flatiron protection
spray for obvious reasons I have not
used this yet because I don't flat iron
my hair and it's 85 degrees in Texas so
it's a little too late to be trying to
uh press out your necks
yeah I can't about I can't review this
product cuz I haven't used it yet dr.
miracle curl care try a sample pack of
the leave-in conditioner and the
conditioner
and the shampoo click the products if
you want a review of these products by
youtuber I know Li she has a fabulous
channel and she reviewed these products
as well as the stylers that come with
the curl care line beautiful textures
curl control defining pudding came in
two little packs like this I don't know
how many fluid ounces I assume like 0.5
point 5 I don't know I was really
disappointed um because of all the
reviews I had seen so many things oh my
gosh oh my gosh you know I was like oh
the smell smells like medicine and the
underside of some Chuck's you know I'm
saying like the Rubber Soul
so that's like fail number one because
my mind my mind I was going to the
reviews that other people had did hope
for the best
and I was immediately immediately
disappointed but I used the product it
went on really smooth it was twisting my
hair camera really nice but I have
products that do the exact same thing
for the price if you want to go ahead
and try it then I recommend that you do
but don't try cuz you think it's gonna
smell so great but it does it does work
I haven't tried it for a wash and go cuz
I don't do cream cream wash and gold
things I just use gel so this gets 3 out
of 5 afro puffs I knocked off two puffs
cuz of this thing lustrous silk curl max
curl pudding and curl activator
moisturizer put in a ziploc bag because
this curl activator be seeping off the
bag it's like you know Jericho juice
kind of sweater um so it's not a very
practical to come in a pouch like this
the curl activator for me was horrible
it made my hair crunchy I use it as a
underneath the crow plate right because
I said it was a moisturizer so I mean I
believe it
so it wasn't good my hair crunchy even
though I didn't really use that much
it's a it's a liquid you know it's not
like a cream or a gel it's pretty
liquidy so put on my hair and immediate
phoned in my hair which I don't really
like that feeling
it made my twist out sucky I had to redo
my hair that night I had to Co wash it
out look now the curl pudding it's it's
I you know I'm saying if you click here
you'll find a review that Tony Daley did
chassis you girl um of these part of
this product pudding it's ok like the
beautiful textured side the activator
moisturizer it's not it's not my cup of
tea
alright so the activator moisturizer get
0 afro puffs pearl pudding gets 3 out of
5 just because it's not really on par
with what I already used and when I use
to twist my hair is usually only in
handmade hairdo and right or I use kinky
curly curling custard and virgin upon me
curls curl jealousy gel serum thing you
know look what is it right
Brenda see you put it on your hands and
you smooth it around and it's like oh
it's like a serum but it's watery and it
disappears and it's not sticky at all
you know how when you put gel in your
hair you kind of put like a oil on top
to stock in the crunch this is a since
this is a serum a gel it's like you skip
that extra step of needing to put like
an oil on top of your hair because it's
soft old but you not hold like on the
package it says
experience lights frizz free defined
curls and when I have my hair soaking
wet and I have a crap ton of key curly
knot today in there and I put this on it
really does define the curls and they
clump together just like they would if I
had used um what's that stuff kinky
curly curling custard so this gets um
fine
afro puffs and the coupon code is no
Fritz uh-uh-uh-uh if you hear me you
didn't get a CRO box for March and you
still want to save monies the coupon
code for 20% off is no frizz we dad we
dogged Worcester LOC leave in
conditioner so hefty you know simple I
hope you 100% honest I had stereotypes
and preconceived notions and whatnot
that this was for white chicks or like
wavy hair or you know you can you can be
a white with curly hair but it's
not afro textured curly hair you know
what I'm saying so when I see stuff like
moisture look it's like okay how much
more should be talking cuz this needs to
be watered daily hmm it was so buttery
smooth it's a really rich leave-in
conditioner sinks into the hair very
nicely
it has good slip if you're one of those
people who detangles they're here with
leave-in conditioner that a my lifestyle
but I'm saying you could if you wanted
smells like um hand soap in public
restrooms
but you know in this any bed when I
purchase this
no because it's way too expensive it's a
bit too rich for my blood
five out of five afro puffs close but
Kohl's context it in my goals by Nature
okay coils by nature hydrating shallow
creamy conditioner the to on sample um
again like good nice size it smells like
sweet fruits I also have a moment it
smells like sweet fruit texture the
smooth
this everything reminds me of Oyen
handmade honey hemp conditioner it this
is a true conditioner
when I put in my hair in the shower it's
instantly softens that hair up like
instantly like juice you know juice
juice phenomenal amazing I loved it and
then when you rinse it out your hair is
still left with that soft conditioned
feeling oh it's not like the moisture
went away once you've rinsed it down the
drain as a leave-in this is a bomb this
goes so smooth so smooth onto your naps
ladies and gentlemen I cannot comb
really tangled hair with this it's too
late
it's an amazing conditioner detangler
for my hair and the fact that my hair
pulls down to here but if you let it go
it goes back to here for that level of
shrinkage I need something that will
that will weigh down the crow so I can
detangle this gets 5 out of 5 afro puffs
because it it just makes the hair feel
so nice you don't want to put it in your
hair and your hair just like yeah Thank
You Evelyn I appreciate you for putting
this on me if I had that kind of monies
to be buying conditioner that I can't
detangle with I just go wash and
leave-in sometimes then I would mahogany
roots
olive and avocado moisturizing hair pots
off as soon as 2 ounces it has a very
very nervy smell so if you don't like
smell like frankincense and myrrh going
go like this but I'm ok with it
it is a whipped cream you know it has
the little air bubbles in it and it goes
on so smooth let me do it again in case
you didn't see actually let me do it in
my hair it goes on so smooth no white
residue it's
not rough this melts into my hair really
nicely use my hair juicy you know it
seals in that more share with you well
so if you put in a really juicy leave-in
you're saying I'm really rich leaving
and then you sealed with this because
it's a sealer but it's also moisturizing
it's like double double
pow-pow you don't saying so you're
twisting juicy and bouncy and defined
and not greasy because it's really light
five out of five afro puffs well I get
me some currently I'm on my last
scrapings of burnt sugar palm made my
last scrapings of the sugarberry pomade
so once those are done r.i.p i might
start to venture out again into hair
butters um because i've been on my
pomade swag for a couple months now so
i'm on the market currently for a hair
butter a light hair butter and this is
really good
shea moisture organic lemongrass and
ginger shea butter soap with orange peel
purifying and uplifting that is really
long not everybody got this particular
soap but this is the one I got and I was
ecstatic because I already used the body
scrub in this flavor okay and this is
what it looks like the big ol is a big
old honking bar soap to the point that
it doesn't even fit in a regular soap
containers so this was the full-size
product and Marcus curlbox the lather on
this right here though this right here
you tube you know how body wash or soap
it makes bubbles right the little
lathers have blow the bubbles away this
lather is as thick as shaving cream but
it's not the Bulawayo type of bubbles
lathering I'm saying it's like fake
cream and it's like silky on your body
mmm when you rinse it off your skin
smells so sweet it's a lemon it's that
ginger it's that orange I usually use
castile soap to wash my body but I've
been using this for five minutes so it's
a nice change of pace when I buy this
again definitely
this gets 5 out of 5 Kenya's afro puffs
it's because I didn't put it in my hair
perfect turn a little card from that
ultra Sheen supreme hey Flatiron spray
with some flat ironing tips on your back
if that's your lifestyle then a little
pamphlet from lustrous silk every single
product in my march chromebox I hope
that was helpful if you have any
questions on those products feel free to
leave a comment below and I will answer
you to the best of my abilities
hmm their cheekbones Oh hmm letter from
my link chocolate back
these are pamphlets coupons everything
likes such full-size improve pro-style
olive oil gel full-size eden body works
all natural hair milk simple sighs curls
unleashed by a organic root stimulator
that take command curl defining cream
sample size Darcy's botanicals - who
announces sweet cocoa bean curl
smoothing cream two fluid ounces ultra
Sheen ultra care sulfate free hydrating
shampoo new tres hair moisturizing
protein pack Todd Lee you want need
curls sealer Talia watching eat the
great detangler Tommy you're watching
curly curl cream so that is what is it
April 5 two full-size products that's
really that's really exciting and
shipping shipping costs money this is
$20 per box about how heavy it is so
review on that coming at the end of
April
man so thanks for watching any comments
or any questions
