hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn and I
just woke up but I wanted to make this
video so listen closely if you follow me
over on Twitter you know that a couple
days ago I went to tarjay pinky up with
mommy and I was surprised and started
screaming in the aisles because finally
my target has the natural hair products
section gran is like two shells but
still I got a look at the left is a pink
lotion no mo I had the curls line they
have shea moisture multiple shampoo
insurance and they had a kinky curly
section now I gravitated towards the key
curly section because as you guys know i
used the not today religious state like
for the better part of me being natural
i've used can he currently not today so
I leave in conditioner I scanned for the
not today and my eyes fall upon some
that I was kind of like what is this it
said the price was two dolla in
ninety-eight cents now if you know if
you buy kinky Carly knots a day on a
regular basis you know that that stuff
is 11 99 99 okay you know that's 1199
right so when I saw two dolla 98 cent I
thought it was a joke april fools hot
you know I'm says I thought it was a
joke I got one bottle just to test it
out at the cat the cashier you know so
it got one bottle and sure enough
cashiering it up and it said to doc
so I don't know if this was a mistake I
don't know because it didn't even say
it's on sale for sure on that is
interesting to know so I think somebody
enough to gain back in uh the UH
inventory but anyways that's not the
point the point is a couple days later I
went back to target tarjay sorry I got
five more bottles one for me and for
burr yah so that's what this video is
about this is just a really simple
giveaway for people will get one bottle
of kinky curly not today cuz i wanted to
share the wealth of two dollars 98 cent
leave in conditioner sorry it's only
open to us you went people in the US um
apologies again am i doing at a national
one I don't know cuz you like I no job
anymore so this is only open to us
subscribers alright so if you if you
would like to enter into this contest in
the comments below please just leave a
comment saying not today that lets me
know that you want to be entered into
the contest I will randomly select the
winner a week from now monday april 9th
i think that's what it is if you need
more information look in the description
box where i will write down everything a
lot more clearly
one for you one for you one for you and
one for you okay so I'll go
