you ever to be money on business in the
airport burger and you realize wow I
really have a 13-hour flight ahead of me
hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn
back in November I flew from Austin to
Seattle Seattle to Taiwan Taiwan to
Bangkok times when I was a kid as the
host of the trip Julie and I got very
diary and Chloe of one love Travel Club
to the super room and to dinner ladies
at night it was my first time riding in
a tuk-tuk took to flight a motorcycle
boarding passes inside your heart if you
can imagine Bangkok wasn't even our
final destination the trip really
started the next day when we all as a
group made our way to another airport
and flew to Chiang Mai
this is our first full day in Chiang Mai
I got here I got to Thailand on a
Saturday so much has happened I'm tired
of planes and I'm so happy to be here
the final destination Chiang Mai
northern Thailand one love Travel Club
I'm getting sick I drank a bunch of
apple cider vinegar before I left my
house like Saul back I burned the inside
of my throat I was like take that throat
yeah keys they're coming back without
your keys are coming back and I rebuke
how we rebuke to get now you got our
itinerary last night had a good dinner
last night don't have any footage of
that went to market last night we'll
have an effect of that ah
but you know we're regrouping these
birds are on one
we stated a hotel called city fauna and
when you pay for your one lot of travel
club trip you can opt for a double
orphan yes I got air conditioning yes
they had all the amenities you're used
to and why because this is luxury look
at this look look at it and there's a
door for the window so I mean if you
want to see whoever else bathe in here
they blue cheese while you're in bed I
do that first order of business after
breakfast a couple of us went to get our
first-time massage complete rich live
your best life it all begins now live
your best life please Oh
so we're getting a super-sized they're
giving a Chinaman fan power when I post
this video someone who was watching see
I got a match she submitted a
REM cycle mouthal oh can you hang on man
every trip has a day of service on the
schedule and while adding volunteering
to tourism is usually kind of grungy I
was relieved to know we were really just
there to learn for the most part the
wild flower house cover rarely has is
pregnant and edward mother's teaches
them skills with the goal of leaving the
house and supporting their families on
their own they makes shampoo and hand
die clothes so they showed us how and we
made a bunch for them to sell later if
they're good enough busy with drugs
even though I couldn't read anything it
was still pretty easy to navigate Chiang
Mai by myself or with a group people
started organizing their own little
trips on our free days some hung out
with elephants or Tigers visited temples
went on hikes or attempted to analyse so
yeah here on the Taif simple and I'm
taking my really kind of it like for
real I said ago who do we have go to the
dark side this all all right so they
went that way and I'm turning back
because I can't breathe I really wanted
to see the top of the mountain but who
did I think I was climbing to the top oh
not the trip was a nice balance of
activities we did touristy things like
visit the education center of a
monastery and learn about Buddhism from
a monk attend cultural dance
performances we did active things like
zipline hi ready I'm very afraid like
hairy very very very afraid crystal
crystal good you good
oh yeah I remember crystal I decided to
give this trip to a deserving Internet
cousin and crystal one she survived her
first international flight and now she
was fin as if line through the Thailand
trees
you'll be fine okay first the basket
down okay what do I do with this yeah
your dad yeah okay good
big legs up are you ready uh yes yeah
well there you go
- and you can hold now your free hand
sir - my night yes one
Oh
okay no breaking through him oh yeah
okay yeah you got Rick hold on okay
we're good yeah wise rules where you go
oh I would have died but you don't push
through right no I'm stopping at the
next one I said how do you stop keep on
telling me
well done weird right yeah
we're done we did it oh she's so just
looking at the final review look what
the bottom of you the final review is
definitely doing but hold on your head
morning it is Friday it's 4 o'clock in
the morning and we are leaving Chiang
Mai
we're flying to Bangkok for the final
few days my Thailand trip gonna been
real Chiang Mai Bangkok here we go I'm
so tired I Chiang Mai is of course a lot
more quiet and peaceful than Bangkok
one of my favorite parts of the trip was
a motorcycle tour through Bangkok look
ma no hands
cuz I'm African and the Buddha Buddha
instincts kicked in
oh that's not anything really how do you
think I don't know we rollin out
by all babe I lay I spent the beginning
of my trips sitting in bangkok traffic
and to just be able to wheeze do it all
was like invigorating and whatnot I
think both my street that's my favorite
thing we've done so far the void aboard
at the motorcycles
Oh truth his will go away
Jeeva ha Julie and I also hosted a
little chat where we talked about our
healing and our place in this world as
blessed and unbothered magical black
girls and guys guys long the trip to
nice glad hey I think islands and we're
being bad thank God I feel good I'm
listing kind of ligaments talking our
water supply and then we're going to get
this opposed yeah we're going down
somebody's early in any lunch yes while
temples are beautiful they're not
museums their holy places both you love
to show lodi me remember to pack
something to cover your legs with
because you can't be allowed in without
it you also have to take off your shoes
in some areas I've traveled to South
Korea in Al Thailand and my camera never
captures just how large and ancient
things in Asia are these ruins are from
the 12th century crystal was enlisted
and I was ready to go home - today is
Monday and it's the days we all leave we
all leave Thailand so I'm headed
downstairs to check out I'm gonna have
lunch with Chloe it was another Travel
Club and then Josie and I are gonna head
to the airport and begin the journey but
I drew some slight eyebrows on I'm
feeling positive about life don't know
taking over random reggae club
the vast direction flavours 3 our
massages for $20 and getting to know the
people who came on this trip from
difference they Canada Kenya Australia
y'all made this trip amazing I am so
grateful I had the opportunity to come
so where to next I want to make a
separate video answering your questions
about travel or this trip in particular
now that you've seen this vlog I even
have some footage from the founder of
one loved Travel Club Chloe so leave
your questions in the comments and I'll
get on it eventually you know I don't
have the best track record see you on
the internet somewhere bye
