my biggest fear in life besides maybe
getting shanked because that means they
stab you multiple times on purpose
there's like a proximity and intention
behind getting strength unlike gunshots
and what you could get shot on accident
and really you don't you have to be at
close range to shoot somebody and cause
bodily harm but don't nobody shake
nobody on exit any other thing but
anybody after that my biggest fear is
getting dragged by black Twitter just
strewn from one end of the world wide
web study up just grab my edges and drag
my body down your time hey you two broke
me everyone the way I use social media
now and Twitter specifically is a lot
different than maybe like five or six
years ago I was just like you got to the
void just nonsense posting every
nonsense narrating my life don't nobody
see don't nobody care okay just talking
reckless but now I wouldn't do that
because with the advent of black Twitter
in the swiftness with which they will
just snatch your whole name like take
the wind out your chest not only with my
dragon be hilarious alright to add
insult to injury it would probably make
the news because that's just the
velocity with which the black
constituency operates on that particular
social media platform black Twitter got
the vocabulary the deepest pop cultural
frame of reference that I've seen on the
planet less Twitter got the spirit of
improvisation and ingenuity and invented
myths just in a genetic makeup every
member of black Twitter types 275 words
a minute it has these strongest Wi-Fi in
or unlimited data plan and my hair line
cannot withstand the damage I don't
think I could I don't think I could take
it I wouldn't make it I used to
participate frequently in public
dragging get the sport keeps the mind
sharp yeah creates a warm sense of
community you know that feeling when we
band together and rally around something
idiotic or violently offensive that
summer tweet and just destroy and change
someone into either apologizing which
who can even really say whether the
apology will ever be genuine when you're
shamed to do an apology or they put
their profile on
private or even better they delete their
Twitter and the weird thing is even
though I'm not a beacon of openness yeah
them saying I didn't go to nobody's grad
school I don't know the authors and
theories and the vocabulary it never
dawned on me that one day in all my
ignorance I might say something stupid
enough to catch the gleaming eye of
black Twitter I've watched people I know
get dragged by black Twitter
I have watched too popular black people
on Twitter drag each other
that's inciting a duo double time
simultaneous student dragging there's
hashtags there's means there's headlines
there's broken Janine somebody that'll
lose their job we will not stop until
you lose your job if you ever see my
lifeless Twitter body just dragging
across your timeline newsfeed dashboard
remember this video remember me if I
ever say something to offend you focus
is something Apfel
you don't have to associate with me I
understand the concept of impact versus
intent I understand
really I do Lily I do understand I get
I'm just saying remember me when you see
my body but to be clear just because I
try I preferred try just because I try
not to participate in public dragons on
social media whether they deserve it or
not don't mean I don't like to watch I'm
not perfect I never said I want to buy
thank you so much for dedicating your
senses to consume this particular piece
of online content this video is brought
to you by audible they have a massive
selection of audiobooks and actually
this video is inspired by the one I'm
reading
right now so you've been publicly shamed
by Jon Ronson this has been on my
reading list since I first heard his
interview on NPR is like 2015 and I'm
just now getting to it
visit audible.com slash Evelyn to
download my recommendation or pick
something up for yourself you can choose
whatever book you want is completely
free along with a 30-day free trial
membership and whatever book you do
shoes is yours to keep even if you don't
continue using the surface because
audible is not trifling in the comments
below let me know what your biggest
social media sphere is the black mirror
okay and I'll see you on these again
don't worry
