hey to world it's me Evelyn and this is
a natural hair video about my year
regimen when it comes to what I do in
the middle of the week halfway between
my wash dates every Sunday alright so
stay tuned I hate people say that why
did I say that have I ever even said
stay tuned in any of my videos come on
let's go hacks people ask how frequently
i retwist if i retwist what i read swiss
with etc etc so I'm just gonna get ya so
I'm just gonna go ahead and show y'all
um which means that my comprehensive air
regiment video was not really that
comprehensive apologies so I watch me on
Sundays and snow and towards Wednesday
Thursday depending on the style it
starts to lose its cuteness so I had in
my hair since sunday was a bantu knot
out and it was looking the curls were
falling all weird it was just look at pc
here i'm saying so i decided i was going
to just rock this ponytail pop bunny hop
thing and retwist tonight so this is
what I do gotta take your uh yo hair
down and kind of assess the situation
right so is your hair dry is your hair
tangled on thing is it or is it
moisturized do you need styler for this
retwisting session what are you going to
need you said you know put put your
hands on in their scalp check in on Cyn
um see what the deal is alright and so
I'm doing my hair right now and because
it was in a band soon as I wound up on
itself its kind of detangled kind of not
really I can finger detangle it but if
it's really really tangled what i would
do is co wash basically start over but i
don't feel any
to start over now so I won't we'll just
do a dry retwist now madami twist I'm
going to be one hundred percent dried
just because I feel like my hair is more
pliable when has a so
stitch and get colder by the whole bit
like you voted Oh put like 10 minutes 10
minutes I don't know oh no I have a 12
twists I'll get my hand yeah I have a
sudden pillowcase so I don't mention to
the star and need to start to make my
edges to put my waves on swim you hurt
um but um because I don't want my
twister just asleep crazy so much was in
a book like this so I just put the scarf
down lightly way around that one to come
in for the night all right good
