hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn spin a
minute okay it's been like two and half
months but still okay
Brazil was freaking amazing
Study Abroad brings people really close
relatively young a lot really really
fast you know when you throw people in a
situation where they're in a foreign
land and they gotta stick together
it makes you friends fast and can you
know make people vote of each other
faster than what happened in real life
under normal circumstances or whatever
but um the good greatly outweighed the
bad and the bad wasn't even that bad I
enjoyed my time in Brazil immensely
people either thought I was from the
African part of Brazil well the black
people are or they thought I was from
Mozambique they speak Portuguese over
there shadow Africa for Angola China
Africa again they all mostly Portuguese
but I always had to be like no I'm from
the United States of America that Texas
North Side my hair's been kinky twists
nothing major just wash them for the
fourth time since I've had them um I was
going to come out tomorrow but I don't
feel like it so I'll probably keep them
in for yet another week oh yeah and it
has been like eight weeks if I were to
care yeah so the following footage is a
little snippets ten tidbits of Brazil
but not really what you're about to see
does not even describe an eighth of what
it was like to be in Brazil and why
because I don't like carrying around my
camera because I would probably break it
lose it to look at stolen it will cause
them to get mugs etc etc and it's really
not that crucial you know so I really
carried around my camp
but the times I did this is what I saw
here you go ah this is the view from the
plane right before we landed in Brazil
this is me at the Christ the Redeemer
statue everybody was taking pictures
like that and these next two pictures
are me and the Brazilian students the
class I was in had all black Brazilian
students which was kind of unprecedented
but they don't really go to college as
our country that's professor left the
head of the department
those are my TAS teacher's assistants
really they're so groovy it's so
fortunate
she's frickin gorgeous so much her
babies oh he's adorable he was a good
tiger he's my special friend he's gonna
go sounds people it's more Jesus that's
my friend so you what a duel that's the
view from the Jade statue is train ride
up to the Jesus statue that's me doing
work because oh yeah I'm in school
that's a Michael Jackson statue you
visited the favela where you shot part
of they don't really care about us that
is in our fancy restaurant or you
couldn't afford in Brazil it's kind of
the opposite of the u.s. the inner city
is where the rich people live and it's
the outskirts that's where the poor
people live so they live in Hills
it's kind of kind of rude for them okay
so that's me my friend she was didn't
mean real that's mean and so picture
somebody who's probably a horrible
colonialist to kill lots of people
that's me
in the beach support with cook Cabana
that's me at the cortical cabana again
as me and when i'm compete on the
program we're in full bathing suits
which made us look like foreigners
because everybody is naked they are
tearing down the stadium to build a new
one for the World Cup this doctor is
showing the support of the government
built to keep the poor people from going
to the real beach in ruining the scenery
with your cornice a museum we want to
picture by some painting on a wall a
bottle of racist Vaseline lotion me
Jeanne coconut water what surprised me
it doesn't taste like coconut
um um be my roommate won't you stop by
some dnews not a wait to control
electricity you have to put in your room
key so
Oh si si estamos aqui oh yeah Nietzsche
la da da da da de puntos 2 kilowatts
from mr. Pitambar vamos - teenie teenies
dual re-boil Angela if you love Ali
some things that you should know from
that video when I was living in
Copacabana which is a touristy area aka
black I did not have because I didn't
care about the camera if I did I would
have shown you all the delicious men's
with dreadlocks and song okay okay Oh
water I'm good okay get a chance to show
you the Samba parties I still can song
but I can it comes and goes comes and
goes but the Samba was vicious
the food was oh honey I feel like if you
are from an African country or from like
Mexico you've had some variety of the
funfetti it's like Africa and Mexico I
know I'm generalizing but it's not like
going to China and getting you know
culture shocked by the food I've had
something like Brazilian food before you
know the class I was taking was African
Diaspora and the Americas and the
professors of this class were activists
they had the America the US ones had
some you know black panther affiliation
back in the day you know what I'm saying
so things we were taught
yeah shoutout everybody said hi to me
while I was in Brazil through Twitter
YouTube emails it said with several
Facebook next videos are I don't know
what we will just have to make CK I turn
to anyone experts so or um then probably
the next time I see yeah but
