hey YouTube it's heaven I'm going to be
wearing my mom's goggles protective
goggles for when she I don't know gives
drugs to people I don't know but uh
daddy campy okay so this is a requested
video requested by this chick right here
up to my my opinion on a couple of
things so let's just get right into and
first she wanted to talk about people
treated me differently or reacted
something differently when I became that
job
alright so when I took the mat b-roll I
started the college transition right so
I afraid's
maybe took out maybe had one or two
cries did some curly Fang dance I'm not
out experiencing
dabbling dabbling so people didn't
really know me in college as someone
with relaxed hair I was just doing
things just doing random stuff so no one
had a chance to get attached to the way
I looked so when I cut all my hair off
my hair was like this big you know no
one was like whoa you can't HTML because
no one actually money
three months four months where people
saw much right here so he really wasn't
that big a deal so nobody in college
reacted to me differently because they
didn't know me over the course of my
time for college the past three years
several people in the black community
have gone natural even transitioning
some girls are even more have been going
very natural hair off longer than I have
they just don't work it out so so people
in high school what used to be
definitely relaxed hair so they only
knew about me going natural through
Facebook it might ran the picture that
you posted and generally you know it
fairly oh it's a good look I enjoy I
like it
you look good what you do not saying so
I don't know I think short hair suits me
my family that's kind of like a myth it
was mixed you know I'm saying as in my
immediate household my mom was like okay
you can do whatever you want your hair
dad was like okay sometimes he'd be like
is your hair done you know and now that
dad a couple months later my mom was
natural so now we got two women in see
libras running around the house you know
you can't really do anything once the
mother does something it's done people
treat me differently because I'm natural
just strangers you know in passing
walking down the street definitely you
know people are either curious I've had
strangers on the bus at at bus ask how
would you give your hair like that both
black people and not black people of how
to do you ask me if I've twisted my hair
you know they look boilies to get it
like that no that's just lose my hair
how am I here does you know that's it on
its own I mean who's got confused I
think he's trying to you can unlock is
here I don't remember sighs I've had
some white sheep with dreadlocks sitting
next on the bus yeah thank you I like
yours too it's really its groovy I love
it off one laughs no I definitely feel
about if you have natural hair you
perceived as more laid-back as if
somehow letting your hair grow I could
pull it back you know do stuff to it
sometimes I don't want to say I'm just
like straight here girl might put on a
messy bun you know the same I don't say
nothing
gotcha messy bun I do think I get
targeted for solicitors for feeding the
children saving the whales you know
fighting the political imprisonment I do
say you know when you're walking down
the street like who's more likely to be
active in politics BAM I do think you
know I get and get targets a little more
I don't look any more wealthy than the
other college students running around I
don't look any more friendly so why are
you choosing me you know I'm saying I
think it's because I you know have wild
hair and I'm wearing this type but you
must think I must be down for your cause
but it might not be cake sir I might not
be down for your calls at all I've had
an acquaintance say you know look at me
and so you know the Sam I'm digging the
Avril look I'm digging it it kind of
says I don't give
I'll say I knew it was my confidence and
I know what you need you know it's a
kind of I guess it means you don't care
what people say about you your hair is a
conversation piece and I don't even have
amazing hair
it's not like I'm walking around with an
afro this big if I shaved my head I had
really a bleach hair it just so happens
that is not the norm
so people eggs questions okay
