yeah like that like that we're live
we're on back sorry um Shea Moisture
right here pleasantly surprised but
that's for another video this video
right here youtube world hates me Evelyn
um is the summer giveaway and why am I
having to give away because you guys are
really groovy and I like you so to
celebrate this is scriber that is you
were you what were you view I'm going to
be having summer getaway extravaganza I
think this I think the prizes twirl in
each huh-uh giveaway prize package thing
a majig are really growing you know I
would enter this contest I think I end a
little something in there for everyone
of course these are things that I like
as well because I wouldn't give you
something that I don't like because they
don't make no sense alright so without
further adieu here are the rules you
must be a US subscriber to my channel to
apply to enter this contest have a us
address all right um now I apologize to
my non us subscribers I before you to
stop watching video hold on hold on you
hear me hold on because I will have a
contest giveaway thing legit event at
the end of the summer and that will be
open to only non ignore subscribers
alright so this right here is for the
u.s. bulk and
the one at the end of the summer is
going to be for non-us subscribers so
I've got you back just not right now
okay so fit me all right that's the
first point said we're all right here um
this is a random giveaway there is no
talent portion or which I use my
judgment subject to Petit none of that
the math gods of random probability will
decide if you win i'll be using random
password etc etc and right here the
contest will run from Tuesday whenever I
upload this video on to next Tuesday the
state your new dates so if you want to
remind yourself of the rules they will
be down around in the description box
for your viewing pleasure now that we
have the walls in place we're going to
get to the prizes all right are you
excited cuz I'm excited your plans I
don't say so they are on 2x4 there are
two packages alright so there will be
two winners all right I should have put
that over here so two winners all right
two winners chosen at random and each
winner will get a package consisting of
several items all right so these
packages are not identical but they are
equal in my opinion here we go here is
the first package prize that you could
be receiving are you ready
haha yeah what you just saw where the
contents of the first giveaway package
package number
and that is prized package number two
right so rewind if you want to look and
all the prizes once more I'm going to
think of two numbers if you want prize
package number one in the comment box
below guess a number 1 250 so including
the number one and including the number
50 all right 1 2 50 put it in the
complex if your number is between 150
that tells me that you want to be
entered for prize package number one
okay so be very careful all right for
prize package number 2 i'm going to need
you to choose a number and put in the
comment box 51 to 100 including the
number 51 including the number 100 all
right and put in the description bugs I
mean and put it in the comment box that
tells me your number is anywhere from
fifty one so 100 that you want with the
second package right right now will
write down both numbers all right and
then tuesday next tuesday i will then
reveal the numbers cheers the winners
using random.org if there's there are
multiple correct guesses and that is how
people do this whole thing okay so do
you understand you you got me feel me if
you have any questions I'll try and
answer them in the description box I'm
trying to keep the comments just for the
entry numbers
I even won a number 1 250 tag number
soup a number 51 to 100 Greg oh all
right all rights here are the numbers
you get it so yeah all right so good
luck to everybody review the rules you
can only enter one time um so no cheek
all right good luck
