hey to world it's me Evelyn fly from my
kitchen and if I'm my kitchen means i'm
not in austin if i'm not in austin that
means i'm done with my 30th college
black so this is just going to be a life
update because i have several videos
planned you know simple things in the
works for this channel see I even wrote
them down and you can't even see that as
proof or just trust your girl all right
number one prison I leave her Brazil
chillin forth and I won't be back in the
states until july twenty all right i'll
be there do my thing you know what I'm
saying going into classes volunteering
for an organization called criolla which
you know educates and does various
activist things for black brazilian
women you know if you pray do that if
you send good vibes do that as well
because I need them all um anything to
say dangerous but I'm like no one ever
told me you know my room is dangerous
what is no I'm saying don't ever
attending New York is dangerous but it
is you know so it's basically not
happening you worry about right and I'll
say I'll be safe my friend did tell me
do not speak English when you're
downtown because you will get jacked
every time so you know I'm good with the
Portuguese I think um and if i can speak
fast enough i can always write it down
you know because i'm really good at
writing and reading thing about speaking
is you have to do it fast and i'm not
very but everything will be good so i'll
be in brazil in rio civic weber three or
six weeks and I'll be coming back home
and just chilling on it Wow and I got a
scholarship to go as well as the travel
grant with a school of journalism so I
will be working on a piece of
journalistic work while I'm there what
it will entail I have no idea but I'm
very very excited
I'm also excited to go to one of them
parties and file a funk parties come and
play let me let me show you what I'm
working with right now as you saw with
my recent updates recent posts there
were videos of concerts so it's lauryn
hill concert she was groovy she wasn't
insane like I thought maybe she would
have been she did conduct the band
throughout the entire show the entire
show she was like come on do North even
more you know how people do that at the
beginning she did it throughout the
entire show like come on come on more
bass more bass or drums so it's like she
would sing a word come on come on sing a
word come on louder like day either
y'all get it right or she needs to have
her hearing because it sounded
great to me but also song childish
gambino there's a whole bunch of drama
with that in him requesting asian girls
in his tour bus while us common folk
were waiting outside for him to come
autograph stuff but you know what he is
celebrity and I guess you can do
whatever he wants I personally thank you
a celebrity me home you as fans and we
are supposed to make us happy because of
one person's not happy that person until
the next person not to come and that's
money you're losing but anyways here's a
picture I Donald lover did kids college
nigga can't you tell by my sample over
there was a lot I got either biggest
blowout on myself and he told my friend
toy she has natural hair too it was like
I love this fair peeking at one or
change and was so that one song was like
you know and black girls with natural
hair who keep up with their tumblers
that's a lyric in the song you were in
the front me
my friend and another girl shape or
heavy something new point everybody
that's what we haven't awesome we has
away shout out to Wendy a subscriber I
forgot your name on the use of events
but I did meet up with you at the
concert and we chatted for a bit she I
believe she went to the Houston show and
then came up or at this show that's
dedication the show was so good that I
would have done that to you know if I
had the funds to go to travel to dallas
or wherever the next show was so yeah
shuttle to Wendy I'll be bonded on
staying over our love Donald Glover in
charge can be no so yeah shout out to
you look at the comment so i could
remember what you are he was your name
was that would be groovy my hair now
because of twists and curl more like a
twist and curl all the way up to the
ribs and this gives you a really cute
corn bailey rae the first album corn
Billy Ray kind of look this headband was
old and never wear it had been because
the heart the heart had been if you have
nappy hair that doesn't really work but
it works for this style so pinned up
excuse the edges and yeah so that's my
year now Brazil think I'm gonna do kinky
twist just because I cannot be sitting
at the same detailing my hair you know I
don't really have time for that so kinky
twist but until then I'm going to do a
henna treatment and I'm going to trim my
hair so I'm not really going to do a
video about that because you've seen my
hand a video and trimming is just
chopping off we're big elusive chocolate
text on this update which i think is the
last thing is a new journey I'm going to
be on and guys still mad okay this for
real for real oh wait yes I'll do it
knows the way you know I'm saying I'm
kind of happy right now and I don't know
if you guys realize how good I am
because you really only see this right
here but um yeah I need to move 30
pounds that's a lot of panels and anyone
Oh made me realized on these most weight
I have back friday i did not know back
 existed i'm going to be one hundred
percent on you guys I didn't know you
could get that right here I did not know
that was causing get it's happening okay
something needs to be done right so that
will probably happen when i come back
from yourself and into my last semester
of college keep you guys posted but for
right now you forget here first Evelyn
the spice you going into internets it's
going to shrink because yeah it's not
it's not looking at a time we have a
good but it's not looking that's my
update video on more videos to come the
happy nappy plan update the summer
giveaway I haven't forgot about that a
requested video that I haven't done yet
and a shame moisture review and I'm
going to be doing the video for
naturally curly comms Channel so go over
there in the next couple weeks to see i
have worked up alright so thank you guys
for watching comments what's up with you
everything like such as i will see you
in the next video
come soon young
