do you dream a lot cuz I dream a lot
some people don't really remember their
dreams I know my mom she says she only
dreams if she sleeps on her back
I dream no matter what position I sleep
but uh I had a dream last night
and I don't really remember the
specifics of it you know usually but one
thing I do remember is that we were
driving like a Jeep or some car down
this road like it was like a bumpy road
like a dirt road kind of and we're just
trying to get out the neighborhood I
don't remember why I don't remember with
who but I wasn't driving and then we hit
this this it was like a UH like a hedge
of like perfectly it was a wall of
bushes and they were just like 50
Mexican children
or should I say Latino I said let's get
this I'm from Texas and that's really
like the only that's the most immediate
Latino community but anyways but look at
50 Oh Mexican kids just laughing and
playing I have never had Mexican kids in
my dreams before then I woke up late and
I immediately posted to my facebook you
know I'm saying what is the significance
and or symbolism of 50 happy playing
Mexican children in your dreams your on
saying what is this me
all right now some of my friends give me
different theories one of my friends
said maybe they were Mexican
they were Brazilian and it's like a sign
of you know what you're gonna you know
what's to come when you go to Brazil
this summer I was like girl you write
you write but then when my other friends
who is Mexican was like you know we're
just the lab the party you know maybe
you're got to have a lot of fun very
soon something something and I was like
you could be right you could be right
so all that to say my
dreams are really weird have you ever
had Mexican children near dreams like
what did it mean you know I'm saying can
you refer me to some dream
interpretation website and if I can type
groups of Mexican children play I used
to also have recurring dreams those were
a recurring nightmare whoo-hoo so when I
was little and I had it all the time
over and over again which I don't know
what that means and had the same thing
over again but um I'll be walking down
the street and all of a sudden the
street would turn into a forest you know
when that happens like you don't know
how you change sceneries but it happened
and I turn to a force and it was dark
and there was this old lady gone behind
me at most rode by my old lady right but
I look back the second time and she's
getting like more decrepit and more
creepy every time I look back she's also
walking faster so I look back for like
the fifth time and she's a full-blown
witch and she's on a tricycle chasing me
and it scared me I was a little kid yeah
baby I also had a dream that Bill Cosby
was or oh and we were riding horses
together don't don't ask me how or why
you know what I'm saying I've never seen
book kasnia person yes I do watch The
Cosby Show but who doesn't
and I was had a dream that I was running
the the France marathon with Justin
Timberlake and we ran into an old navy
in France but everything was upside down
you guys I don't even understand I also
had a dream that my dad turned into a
tiger so my brother had to kill him that
is not good not good at all
then I had this one dream that I was a
mermaid with Aaron Carter where he came
from
I don't know but he's in my subconscious
and we're mermaids and we're gonna die
even though we can breathe underwater
we're still gonna drown or something
weird but yeah when it comes to my
dreams either they are so outlandish
that they just don't make any sense like
one time I had a dream that I was in
like Saudi Arabia or something and we
were on the hunt for somebody but if
somebody ended up being a huge folded up
piece of paper how does that make sense
we were trying to we were bounty hunting
a piece of paper in the desert I don't
know you know but yeah so either they're
like that or they're so mundane that I
confuse them for memories you know what
when you wake up and you don't remember
if that really happened or if it was a
dream but yeah so what are some of the
dreams crazy dreams that you guys have
had let me know Fez dreams is crazy
poppy by bit
