I just realized that it is like 3 p.m.
on friday but I happened into Friday
vlog and i said i would start doing
friday bloxorz me Friday Drock one time
me and my friends went to this party and
it was put on by the angolan students on
campus and if you don't know Wikipedia
Angola is in Africa but it was colonized
unlike the vast majority of Africa it
was colonized by the Portuguese um
meaning that they speak Portuguese as
well so I was excited because I get to
talk to people in Portuguese and when
that blah blah blah so everyone's just
having a good time dancing cuz you know
it's a mixture of you know Portuguese
culture with like african dancing so
we're having a good time but there was
one dude I swear to god he was 47 swear
to god he was like 53 alright and he was
there and he wanted to dance and I was
like I'll just okay yeah because the
dancing there granted the dancing in
like these two other different cultures
is not like America where someone asked
you to dance to ask him to grind um I
saw said with some Mexican dude who was
warning me it was very like lively and
party I like that type of dancing my
face to face dancing actual steps way
better than the then you know my
intimidation and the awkwardness and
like judge judgmental-ness of like booty
dancing all right so anyway so yeah who
knew Dan smells like sure it was just
like you know cha cha-cha one two three
so of course me being a little bit on
the I had a couple beverages is what I'm
trying to say and then I'm also just
generally go with the flow type person
so we were dancing whatever and he and I
of course use my Portuguese I'm so
excited and I said something like
uh como vocÃª vai or such as a como bosun
vibe which doesn't know how are you and
then he was like it's nice to meet you
and I said I'm with the present you got
me Chi which is like my my actions off
apologies cuz like uh the pleasure is
mine best meets you something like that
if he wild it out he did not expect me
to speak his mother tongue uh uh huh I
will say father poker Portuguese yeah
and only a little i don't speak that but
you can we just keep dancing please from
then on I think he wanted to wifey like
instantaneously so I then got really
income when I was like thanks for the
dance I'm gonna go over there and get
something now alright so I left
throughout the whole night this dude
would not leave me alone he kept coming
up to me trying to sit next to me but I
kept tried to surround myself with
people so that he it would be impolite
for him to cut in or whatever at one
point I tried to convince him that my
best friend's was actually my
girlfriends I was like no she really
liked it if I dances you again and he
was like no you're not lesbian he told
me about myself this dude was bold no no
lesbian but still someone says they're
just believe them so then um but I
played it off as a joke at haha you
caught me another thing but still walked
off cuz I was not feeling this dude at
all because he was a pop pop all right
and so then at that point I started to
dance with every guy that I knew so it's
not like mom dancing with them I just
tried to occupy myself with other dudes
right I just a cleric any dude that I
came to the party with anybody that I
recognized I was like I grabbed it was
like she stands with me don't ask
questions good we just dance with me
they're like okay okay cuz he gonna go
that protective mode like yeah I'm gonna
help you avoid this dude so tell me why
I'm dancing with one of my friends
and he the old dude is standing right
next to us watch Stan what are you doing
right now and then so me and my friend
sat down and I you know like linked arms
with him and like you know trying to
make it seem like I'm with this dude
leave me alone you know what I'm saying
he's came down sat right next to me
started make conversation that could
have been my boyfriend after the bit i
love my husband you don't know my life
he still was so persistent and then I
was like okay he doesn't believe me when
I'm talking about my friends or people i
know i did a random dude i just grabbed
some dude he was smoking he was like
have a cigarette break I said turn
around you're dancing with me don't ask
questions and there's like okay you go
first of all but yeah that old and a
golden goose till they leave me alone
some whirling the story if you ever want
to practice a foreign language don't cuz
I'll just get you into trouble after
local
