hello hi YouTube world it's me Evelyn
and I'm just sitting in my room waiting
for this allergy medication to take full
effect and knock me out I don't want you
to lose a guy in 10 days I want to know
is there glad to find a guy in 10 days
because that's that's what I want to
watch that's what I want to talk um I
have those skills and so yeah I'm going
to do this combo product review so that
I don't have to leave I'll have that on
the back of my brain while I'm focusing
on school so this is a hair video here
we go vadik oil and this was three
ninety-nine at my local indian slash you
know pakistani slash ethnic grocery
store what Vatika loyal is is coconut
oil enriched with aromatic herbs such as
Amla henna Brahmi all those powders that
you also use in your hair
they're in here alright the first and
foremost it is coconut oil to me it
smells like coconut oil and herbs kind
of like lemon I don't know it smells
Indian you know what I'm saying and if
you don't like Indian smells then you
might not enjoy it if you like coconut
oil there should be no reason other than
the fragrance that you shouldn't like
this product it's not different than
coconut oil it is coconut oil okay so
yeah what I like about this first of all
the color is the same class called an
oil it might be a little more tinted it
might be a little a little yellow like
beige I don't know but it's so smooth
like it it's so velvety smooth put that
on my edges it is solid at room
temperature and just like coconut oil it
usually comes see it's an empty hole it
usually comes the little squeeze hole
you know like ketchup
like a squeeze faucet what cat lid I
can't speak English I took that out
because it's solids so the little funnel
thing isn't gonna really do much good
um so yeah that's my review that Coyle
fam I love it I give it 5 out of 5 afro
puffs next product is yes to cucumbers
conditioner it's usually dis much money
I actually won this in a contest from
college Curly's blogspot.com
partnering with hair liberty calm I have
used this much I've is much less so I
have a pretty good opinion on it it is a
very smooth conditioner um it is not too
thick in my opinion it's just the right
amount of thickness it reminds me of
like a Tresemme it's not anything like
Aussie moist either honestly it's not
like stick to the wall this it's it's
it's a pretty standard conditioner in
terms of consistency uh it smells very
like cucumber it's not anything fake or
overpowering this smell like you know a
bath and Bodyworks to cover where it's
basically just a whole bunch of cucumber
in your face you can't really smell this
in your hair afterwards a little faint
it's a little bit but it's fresh at
first I did not like this conditioner
because I was used to
Herbal Essences and that feels very
different but after I gave it some time
my hair started to you know my hair
started to you know agree with it and
the curl definition I get with this is
bomb the detangling again with this is
bob it rinses out really easily but as
you know an everyday co-wash conditioner
detangling conditioner if you use
conditioner to style your hair this is a
really good it's solid it's a really
good product mmm and I give it five afro
puffs blam
let's see parts are from the same
company they one of my favorite cook is
the entire world
Boyan handmade
yeah juices and berries this is the 2
ounce and it's this much money I got
this from uyen handmade calm because I
don't know if chrome art sells it two
ounces and juice and berries is a
nourishing or believe it so the spritz
leaving condition if you will people say
it smells like a Hawaiian Punch
like it smells like reg Fanta you know
it smells like juice of berries I kind
of think it smells like cranberry vodka
maybe that's just me first of all it has
a glycerin which is Bob my hair loves
clothes around especially when it gets
humid down here like it does but this
vapor here really really really sticky
uh even when I lightly sprayed it even
my hands were sticky abused and my hair
felt kind of kind of weird so and I
looked up what I can even solve this
problem and boy in handmade themselves
they said you can dilute this product
but keep it refrigerated or something
you know I'm saying so I had used half
of this product the way it is and then I
when it was halfway done I filled it
halfway up with water alright so I tried
it two ways diluted and not diluted and
what it was dilute he did the exact same
thing it was still sticky after I got
past the stickiness it was you know the
good i spritz one year when you hop out
the shower it was good for refreshing my
hair to read twisted again it was you
know yeah okay two and a half of us huh
own handmade hair dye oh my god it is
BAM this much money and I got it for
wine handmade calm but newsflash chrome
art now sells this and as a hair lotion
a leave-in conditioner for me it's a
styler as well it smells exactly like
burnishing or pomade so they go great
together as far as a moisturizer and the
pomade is a sealant amazing duo
um the consistency it is
Rini it's like it's like skin lotion say
it's it's not too thick not too thin
it's just young and that's the reason
why I love it so much my hair absorbs it
right up you know the same there's no
film there's no residue
there's no it's like bikini curly knot
today in that when I put it on my hair
it just nourishes it you know my hair
just takes it in and my hair feels good
this is one of my all-time favorite
products in the face of his earth so
help me God
coconut oil castor oil olive
alifair use this on freshly washed hair
like it hasn't been conditioned I just
put this directly on freshly washed hair
worked amazingly I've put this on here
that has been a co-wash worked amazingly
I put this on dry hair to reach woods it
worked amazing and put this on you know
spritzed hair to retwist it weren't
amazingly awesome it's amazing oh sorry
your fault but yeah that's my review
this gets six out of five afro puffs
it's off the afro puff radar oh that's
all I have to say if you have any
questions please leave a comment and
I'll try and answer them all you could
be on some other stuff with making my
comments error when I try to response
y'all so apologies but this will be I
fav my last hair video for a while
figures I just missed the first one I
mean it wasn't the last one but I really
need to focus on school I'll come to you
guys with maybe Friday blocks I don't
know something else but for here I'm
just gonna be chilling on it
Oh
