can you see me okay okay happy far
enough I hate having my arm of the shot
hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn is this
is recording what okay hey YouTube world
it's me Evelyn and I just want to make
this video daddy say thank you um to all
of you out there especially these people
then a little put on the screen right
quick it's not it's not all of them but
it's like the main ones i guess i don't
know how to free that but for providing
me with style ideas for stretched out
here cuz y'all know i'd be struggling on
that end of the whole natural hair
business um yeah I let me for products
um and how do you know detain your hair
but as far as styles I really don't have
anything so um they gave me links they
provided links you guys not just telling
me what style would be good they got the
link for you girl you know I'm saying
they know how like to visualize you know
what I mean so um one was like the role
in tuck under frohawk that was magic now
I have not been able to successfully
replicate that stop and I am working on
it you know what I'm saying but the
important thing even when I fail out
these Styles is that I'm practicing
keeping my hair stretched there's
already figured out that we're in twist
by themselves everybody gonna work me
you know fans are moving on ok so I just
wanted to make this video today um to
take to say thank you to you out there
you'd be commenting and i'll be reading
i really do i read them all you know I'm
saying and I take your advice so thank
you back off to buy textbooks
