hey YouTube world it's me Ellen here
with the first hashtag G GBP let go
beauty brand video review of the year
2017 welcome y'all know me by now I love
a good snap back in a good hand painting
alright multiplicity duality okay I
consistently get asked how I tie my head
wraps both in real life and online the
truth of the matter is you just say it
not until it pleases you people don't
like that answer
shanira nah money is mine I just II
stopped by rashes on the website and I
am be ramping and Diane me and Diane
need at me and I haste I don't even know
that work hashtag irregardless it is a
match made and african diasporic has in
sochi narrow has a shop it is her name
janeiro Nnamani calm link will be in the
video description box for your clicking
pleasure
so janeiro sells head wraps but not just
any hair wraps her head wraps are
reversible there's two sided so there's
two different on the other side I'm
giving you synonyms basically on our
reversible means take this for example
you have one side is all the geometry
okay you have this nice teal background
but then you have the grid alright then
you have the the octagon with circles
inside giving you optical illusions and
then you have is it a diamond or a
square and then you flip it around and
you come to this side which is
completely different it is a red hot
pink magenta yellow purple situation
again with the hypnotic so you can make
sure that you tie it if you only want to
see this side or maybe you only want to
see this side but I think the real
beauty of it you and I'm saying the
artistry comes into play whenever you
see a little bit of this poking through
the majority of this human saying and
vice versa
these head wraps are really sturdy 100%
cotton and they're pretty sick you have
to remember that it is actually in fact
to headwraps
some together very nice rounded edges
there are no raggedy seams or fraying at
the seams it
very well done and I also appreciate
that there are no tags
I know branding is important and whatnot
but I hate it when I do a head wrap and
the tag is like sitting in the back and
I don't know or it's like randomly right
here sticking up and I don't know it's
just was just not a good look
so I appreciate how these do not have
Ichi tags on them for the length these
head wraps are 72 by 16 inches my entire
arm span if you're wondering how long
that is for context 16 inches it is it's
touching the bottom is touching the
ground and this is how high it comes up
so it's long okay let's get to what
y'all want to know the price all right
each head wrap is forty eight dollars
and 99 cents
stop right there most copywriters I
don't know what y'all pay but what I pay
for one head wrap is twenty to
twenty-five dollars you might be looking
at me like and I'll be looking at you
like so if you keep in mind that this is
actually two head rounds you know two
pieces of fabric that make sense
the man it's computes alright now I want
to show you this head wrap so let me
switch oh it's giving me a little
abstract and I'm saying deconstructed
Kente I love this giving you like baked
fried baked rice little high and this is
giving me kind of massage alright - the
green so it's giving me like a slight
Maasai plaid words my people it's giving
me ROYGBIV this is this head wrap is
very Crayola very primary color very
taste the rainbow but I know you're
wondering how I tied the same girl I
know the answers but i'ma try here we go
so once you decide what side you want
your head left to be in are you start
off by tying a simple knot
all right that's not number one here you
have this excess fabric and if you
actually have lots of hair it just
varies with B but y'all gon buy it so
I'm just going to roll this onto itself
nothing scientific and now it's time to
make our second knot again and now
instead of completing the third knot I'm
just going to tuck the ends into little
volleyball situation all right cut the
beauty beads away and that's it that's
how I wear my head wraps the majority of
the time okay
and don't look at like on any given day
fashion class next this really works
best if your hair is flat so if my hair
is in twist still or braids but I just
crossed each tail in the back I don't
tie a knot I just cross them over in the
back like so and then I bring them
forward to the front and then I can you
guess tie a knot and then I just proceed
to tuck things in a fashion like such as
to where they're not sticking out lots
of tucking bond zero tired but in the
end it's cute and some people like to
leave this on their hairline I actually
like to push it back a little bit and
show a little bit of my hair that's just
my personal preference hide the BT beads
and that's it that's the second way that
I
usually on more flat hair than this but
you know okay another way to spice
things up be anything even if your hair
is dirty like mine I just take out the
front or the things if you will and I
tie the head wrap leather normally would
accept now I have a full table this
little cute little throw bag and sing
bow what's not okay
got a baby's a little insane and then
you can see just really have to play
around with stuff like what is this but
after some fumbling I'm like oh oh look
I think that my love
oho instead of leaving my hair out in
the front I do like to maybe pin it back
and give it a retro vibe so that again
when I go to tie the head wrap and if
you don't like this little black thing
you just tuck it in alright if you don't
want your hair exposed so when I go to
ties and not it's giving you a little
vintage alright it's cute it's a cute
way to wear the same type of Ed wrap day
in and day out and then this one is the
third head wrap that Gennaro sent me
from her website of reversible duo
patterned head wraps and I would like to
give this one away to one of you it has
not touch my scalp you same at a hair
follicle so much going on here beautiful
we have yellow we have a diamond
Triceratops
uh with with what shape is this remember
those things used to make like can you
open in like oh there's as a crush on
you luzo
that's what that's the shape that this
looks like from above like a bird's eye
view of what was that goal then you have
the holes here for what reason I don't
know it's fashion and then you have my
sphere and nice glow surrounding that
our black and forest green stripes it
walks then on the other side we have
this they
is a deep red burgundy maroon wine red
color this circle is that same sky-blue
that's here which is going to tie in
nicely all right and then you have a tab
right I don't know this is orange or or
a light red what is my red and now I
want to the giveaway all you have to do
is comment below I'm a trust that you're
subscribed and even if you're not it's a
head wrap girl I'm not I'm not entirely
pressed to answer just leave me a
comment talking about your personal
style and how you would Rock a head wrap
and I will choose the winner
no one will not make a separate
announcement or a separate post anywhere
announcing the winner I will just notify
them in a week or less time all right so
if you have not been notified in a week
or less you did not win anyway Gennaro
thanks for sending me these head wraps I
wish you the best in your hashtag be gbb
black girl beauty brand endeavors I'll
link all the information in the video
description box you want to take a peek
alright take a gander make sure you
enter the giveaway in the comments below
if you want to win one of these head
wraps yourself and I will see you on the
internet somewhere
