Oh
Oh
Oh
hanging super let's meet Evelyn and this
video is a product review of mix chicks
deep conditioner aka my new favorite
deep conditioner makes chick's deep
conditioner for 8 ounces this is the 8
ounce the only no I think you haven't
the leader but come on what 8 ounces is
$10.99 at crome Montcalm now let's let's
do some math here on this side we have
mixed chicks 8 ounces 1099 meaning
hypothetically if there was a 16 ounce
it would be like 22 a little less than
22 cuz usually it's supposed to be
cheaper to buy one big one than two
small ones usually some people do it the
other way around I don't really get the
business plan let's go over here to miss
jessie's $48 at 16 ounces divided in two
that's twenty-four dollars it would
usually be a little more than 24 dollars
for six or eight ounces science if we
keep the same business plan of two small
ones are usually more expensive than one
larger sized one right it passes the
test it is cheaper than miss jessie's
super-sweet bath treatment and frankly
even though it's kind of close in the
math it's still such a drastic change in
number that I get the sense that I'm
saving a ton of money it smells very
perfuming like Miss Jessie's creme de lo
curl cleansing cream it smells exactly
like it not perfume me like old grandma
Dorothy perfume me or like a dollar
store perfume perfume me but like good
presuming to me some people don't like
perfume smells the consistency it is
creamy and the sunset is not clear but
it's not creamy in the sensitive pores
this will not pour just like my super
sweet back treatment it comes out and
char
and you can be in the shower and your
hand is wet if you put a chunk it can
slip off your hand onto the shower floor
and stay intact
it won't splat it won't make you small
make your slip if you step on but it
won't like get all over the place you
stay in that little chunk although it's
hard and chunky when you put in your
hair it emulsifies it has that butter
effect emulsifies and squishes in to
your hair very nicely very smooth and
has a softening quality to it yeah has
that melting factor so yeah it comes out
pretty hard in like chunky and solid
don't get me wrong it's a sock product
I'm not saying like it's a like it's
protein gel I'm just saying that it's
not creamy you can't rub it in like
lotion necessarily I've never really D
tangled with it seeing us did
conditioning is usually at the end of my
regimen and detangling is usually the
first thing on my regimen so when I
apply this in the shower my hair has
been detangle shampoo it's been in twist
that entire time listen what twist I'm
in the shower I just get a chunk rub it
in as well as I can because it might
just slip out of my palms and just
squeeze it into my hair squeeze it into
my Swiss squeeze squeeze don't get all
my stuff I'm not trying to get into the
tragedy I just let it sit in there while
I take a shower usually like 7 to 10
minutes and then I rinse it out with
cool water and my hair is soft it's
shiny
yeah this is the stuff I just want to
make a video coming on here and telling
you guys that it
you know and saying finding someone and
I am not mixed but I do love next chicks
deep conditioner
