easy world so mom accidentally threw
away my apple cider vinegar while I was
away at school so I'm gonna be using mom
lip powder to try and fix my scalp amla
powder is an ayurvedic herb it's just
another name for indian gooseberry and
it can be found at your local Indian
Pakistani Asian ethnic grocery store for
only two dollars it's a natural
astringent meaning it tightens the pores
and skin
it's an antibacterial and antifungal
agent and prevents hair loss by closing
up and cleaning up that hair follicle
all right let's go so I got your plastic
bowl
you got your almond powder of course the
brand does not matter you got your
plastic spoon cuz I don't know how I'm
gonna react to it I don't want to find
out and you guys your plastic latex
gloves to apply as you can see it's a
very light colored powder some people
actually use it to take the red the
harsh red out of their hands I'm lucky
enough to have the instructions on the
Box put the excess in the ziplock bag I
can get two to three uses out of one box
but you might be able to get more or
less depending on how thick and long
your hair is compared to mine what it
looks like when I mix with water and yes
this stuff does not smell nice alright
not even herb scent this is straight
dirt so I'm gonna grab my favorite
shampoo and start cleansing my hair
usually my hair is not loose like this I
usually wash it in twists in the shower
but I wanted to get it done right just
so I can make sure that the almond
powder is working on a clean slate you
know clean hair net scalp and I can't
blame it not working on anything
any other variables I love the idea to
clean my hair like this you know take it
slow from on top maven in a video that
I'm going to link somewhere by the
doorknob before the light switch
probably and right here is actually
length check just really random and yeah
baby
NASA talking about so I just take it
section by section and twisted the
section when I'm done so that's all my
hair shampooed scrubbed I'm gonna go
rinse it out now alright this is really
real work begins so how can you start is
put on my plastic latex gloves and apply
the mixture to my scalp and hair baby's
freshly clean you can see the beautiful
shine I'm focusing more on my scalp
gently massaging it in like the box told
me to but I'm focusing on saturating my
hair like I would henna and what it does
on my scalp is it tightens like a face
mask and your scalp is real tight and
dry okay and I leave it on for 30 to 45
minutes and my hair is a stiff keep hard
like a rock like it's frozen like that
it's croqueta it's just frozen it takes
about 30 minutes with warm water in the
shower to rinse out the almond powder
and then I hit it with my darkest
botanicals to kind of moisturize it
afterwards after I rinse out the
conditioner I fit with grapeseed oil
because I'm working on my edges I don't
have castor oil with me here and then I
twist up my hair with some kinky curly
curling custard added to that or a
couple of dollops of the delicious mango
butter flavor of peace Levenson trans
coconut confidence you can find at Etsy
calm I'm recording this voice over three
days after I actually made the footage
and I'm loving it so far my scalp is
amazing here my go home Roger braids
that's my style and thanks for watching
