hey master Tony calm in YouTube today
Tuesday was Whataburger is 60th
anniversary so what they decided to do
will say if you wear orange you get a
free burger now why they would do this
in the city where the school colors are
orange I don't know
needless to say I got me song yeah
that's not what this video is about
though sorry for that was just so I
decided my mother's full so I'm sluggish
so I made me purchase and I'll explain
in a later video why this is probably my
last major natural hair purchase so you
know how I switch out products only when
I'm done with what it replaces this is
my shea butter there's a fly in here it
was from butters in bars and it's called
girl my hair butter it has shea butter
coconut oil mango butter peppermint and
some other stuffs it's really smells
really good fresh oh it's really smooth
and that's why Oh heavenly and that's
why I love it it is finished
I've used this entire thing I use it to
smooth back my edges
I use it to twist my hair if I so desire
I use it for a lot of things this is the
only twisting Crockett hat
iein handmade sugar palm a crack it open
take a whiff or better yet take a look
okay I didn't really look it because
that would be gross but it smells like
sugary caramely goodness for those of
you who are wondering is that too sweet
I live in Texas where if I a little
sweat all over my face and I love it
sticky hot caramel sauce I love you I
actually think he has sugar crystals in
here because I'm doing some sort of
granule uh-huh yeah that's awesome this
is not I repeat this is not a
moisturizer has no water in it so it is
not a moisturizer coconut oil is fourth
on the list so it's not going to nourish
your hair in the way water would this is
meant to be put on top of already
moisturized hair I might be saying Ellen
what do you mean moisturized hair just
means hair that's wet with moisture
water if you know you spritz some water
in your hair um no no dusty twists out
and then you put some of this on there
you should be good to just rub in your
hand it be multiplies really well it's
not sticky I think you know just to make
waves with the dudes who may be watching
nice pomade to keep your waves wavy it's
a humectant so the more humid your
environment is the more your hair should
love this I mean according to science
and he meant it draws water to itself
and binds to it so if you have water in
the air humidity it'll draw that all to
your hair and your curls would just be
popping all over the clay I definitely
recommend this product if you have
nothing else okay
not going to condone product gentle ism
because this is all I had to put on my
head
besides Kiki curly curling custard and
that's a gel again this was a risk like
my Denman brush which I will be selling
by the way because so um yeah I'm glad I
made this purchase even though I did not
know how it would turn out glad so
that's pretty much it um yeah you know
just be a natural winding down the
product binge winding it down it's been
six months that you gotta quit this
thanks for watching yeah yeah yes
