I don't think it's fair that I can't
walk down the street without in certain
neighborhoods without being honked at
catcalled
in both English and Spanish shout out to
Texas and just almost not scared you
it's like you have to think about what
do you really want to go walk outside
seriously
it'sit's sad um especially when you're
not even doing anything to cause it like
horny boy I'm wearing basketball shorts
like you can barely see my kneecap what
is there to whistle at like really I
mean if I did not have hearings on I
could've very well be a man wait that's
a bad example if I did not have such
doughy
eyes in supple lips that I like that one
better I could very well be a man
so everyone talked about how annoying
that was so annoying
and then today someone from the bus
driver is this Anu not a new one but I
real he rarely drives for on the routes
that I go on they look like the Reverend
Al Sharpton creepy that's that's just
caution number one yeah that's it call
me baby girl baby girl my dad doesn't
even call me baby girl
so you Reverend Sharpton are not allowed
ooh
stripes I'm not allowed to call me baby
girl this is really awkward anyway and
he didn't call me baby girl like you're
my grandpa he called me baby girl like
baby girl you know I'm saying yeah not
feeling it
not feeling you sir um yeah I almost my
friends one of these days I'm gonna cut
call a dude just he's just walking down
the street I say little daddy and a
wife-beater by the way I hate the name
wife-beater
it's a white tank thank you anyways so
no dating we're looking good in that
burnt orange
mmm-hmm reppin yolk college we get no
education on I see you boom I see you
boo hey hey hey let me how loud she for
money let me holla let me tuck what do I
did that what would they do what if I
what if I drove down the street and
whistled at a dude what would they do
I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do it one of
these days now granted I don't have a
car so that whole driving down the
street scenario is way off the future
but yeah you don't do these ends I'm
sick and tired of it like is one thing
is one time okay some time I went to the
gas station right there
some want some coke umm I was wearing
really short shorts it was a hot day
sorry I am NOT going to cover myself in
a blanket in this Texas heat and pass
out you can't do it trying to do it so
we're gonna throw Schwartz still under a
scandalous because I've worn those for
school boys Chuck and I'm talking
English down the street I can see it if
I go to the right window so yeah it what
got all dark all of a sudden so yeah and
in that short span of time
I got chomped at three times but I don't
see even thing you understand how close
this place is to where I am three times
two of those people were students now
asset to shame that's just a shame I
expected it from you know 37 year old
Ricardo I expected it from you know old
rock
over here I did not expect it from you
go study sir what are you doing honking
at me you have a test to pass or fail so
yeah tacos dudes don't do them they're
tacky don't get you dates at least they
shouldn't give you dates and they do get
to date it's not with the right kind of
girl all right
it's sure hey yeah oh my god today um I
hope you enjoy your this July weekend I
really really do I'm going to be eating
massive amounts of barbecue both of my
parents are immigrants so the holidays
not really as you know as someone who
has like their whole family was in the
military you know I'm saying
hmm so I may just even cease for us to
eat food and not do anything so yeah
hope you guys are good for you I um and
I will highlight you guys later
let's to go to my waves cuz with Harriet
Tubman scarf is because I'm trying to
make plays the big reveal
oh no you can't even see that this
lame-o fail fail I apologize for wasting
15 seconds of your life I'm gonna go
have a great week bye
