12 months ago I stood in my living room
and told you all that I wanted to be
more visionary I'm always working also
I'm doing some I'm always busy with
something the why what is it doing and
what am i working towards that's where
I'm at for 2016 I'm going to be more
visionary instead of here trying to do
all the little things that make me feel
like I'm an adult make me feel like I'm
doing grown-up life correctly instead of
busying myself with those things I'm
going to think bigger bigger bigger
mm-hmm about four months later this
happened Beyonce
listen me and my girls are gonna book a
retreat right now in the Texas Hill
Country we're gonna wear our hair
product free if you got baby hands we're
dressed in the latest doily peasants and
you can say that and you can say that
what can I say he's not demanding fast
okay hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn
Happy New Year I know 2016 is over and
done with and we off that now but you
know just oblige me okay this is the
gutter reflect all right on a public
forum grab a beverage stay hydrated my
only resolution for 2016 was to move
with a sense of purpose see the bigger
picture not get caught up in the trap
that is what I think is adult team to
stand firm and my knowledge of myself up
until this point so that I can say yes
to the things that I want in
helped out to think that I don't want
and can't nobody make me feel bad y'all
know that I go ghost on YouTube alright
I be here and then I don't be here
alright but the truth of the matter is
it's not my job to make you videos but
it's my desire and like a lot of desires
we have sometimes the desire cuts off
and I desire to go eat tacos you're
gonna say I desire to have friends but
for the past couple years I always come
back to participate in Veda vlog every
day in April it's also August but that's
my birth month so y'all really not gonna
catch me in the interwebs while I'm
celebrating my books okay so a few days
before Veda started in April I literally
sat down and wrote out everything I
wanted to get out of Veda in 2016 what
content could I make on this platform
that would make me happy make y'all
happy as viewers and make me better at
stuff whether it's being a humorous to
being an entertainer being a writer a
commentator hearing and saying and
editor okay all those things I am all
the things for those thirty days I did
not do anything else but make videos
some of y'all have just finished vlogmas
somebody else struggled through vlogmas
didn't finish y'all know how hard it is
so for all of april I did not go
anywhere I did not do anything I did not
see anybody all I did was come home
after work and then the like five hours
before midnight
I had to write film edit publish but I
had a vision you know I'm saying there
was something that I wanted to achieve
within myself okay inside myself because
I am a self-motivated type person and
y'all enjoying the content is just like
the icing on the honey
you're insane but I can only give myself
the honey bunk ain't nobody give me
honey buns the day I went to my friend
David's house to watch lemonade premiere
on HBO
I felt so guilty I was out here living
my magical black life watching
television instead of filming that
night's video because I started Veda
with intention because I knew what I was
doing and I was working towards it I
knew I know it sounds weird I'm new
Beyonce we'll see the video because the
world is not that big it's really not
that big we inhabit the same world in
fact doing that and I feel like the
degrees of separation are such that with
the internet being as it may so when
y'all started sharing that video and
sharing it and sharing it and I noticed
it was starting to go beyond my crevice
of the internet and beyond internet
cousins you're insane I was like BEC but
that's where my vision stopped that's
like as high as I thought it could be
that it would that the video would just
enter phenom saying her iris was the
iris pupil that it would just enter
bounce off the back you know I'm saying
into her brain that's as high as I
thought never in my wildest Reading
Rainbow add imagination what I ever had
thought
that was the highlight of my 2016 yeah
I'm saying like what else can I do the
meetings and phone calls and
conversations and collaborations and
opportunities that came out of that
experience in 2016 and where it's going
to take me in 2017 I think it was 2014
or 2015 s video that I said that I
wanted to get an international trip
sponsored and I was like oh I didn't do
it but this year I was given the
opportunity to go to Costa Rica to go to
Thailand
I brought an Internet cousin to Thailand
with me I even went on my first cruise I
paid for that one though one of my other
visions for myself in 2016 was to see
what it would be like to not do this
whole YouTube thing by myself right now
I'm in my living room I asked my brother
before he left Austin to like focus the
camera for me and I have not moved the
camera since yesterday I got to just hot
did really not made for video livingroom
lamps I want to see what it'd be like be
a little bit more official here and
saying and so make it work reached out
to me and we were able to collaborate on
a video about a topic I really care
about YouTube invited me to YouTube
space la to film with YouTube on another
occasion I was
lay for work but our maid time swing
through blabbetty and I was able to like
slide in there for little cameo
appearance for video appearance
you're insane shouts of levity I was
part of a Twitter chat with PDS and a
livestream with Al Jazeera English
because of my Colin black video I wrote
a couple humour pieces for Man Repeller
I talked to so many of you on your
podcast what the Prince of Wakanda knows
who I am and I turned 26 but I'm
supposed to make you pass 25 jokes on
having a vision over my life in 2016
even extended to things like no I will
not watch or feel the need to react to
or feel pressured to publicly comment on
every instance of police brutality no I
will not go to your March I will not
cosign your organization share your
facebook posts retweet your tweet
because I don't too much know you and
your politics alright and what you stand
for who you are all right Louis you and
I still need to wake up in the morning
and not want to jump off a building so
Pete's you don't say I'm going to jipang
knowing who I am now made it so much
easier to say yes at the same no
especially no no in 2016 I changed
positions at work in 2016 I was able to
value myself more and be more confident
in my skills you didn't say in my I you
know and I mean I got the Jews I got
somewhat of a juice here in saying
knocking gowns and red outfit life I
also think I was better at just staying
quiet knowing when to be quiet here I'm
saying just being a cut inside with a
gangster lean all right and just let
things fail because what's not in my
vision is making up for other people's
and competencies
saying that's that what I see in my
mind's eye when I hope in my mind's eye
and I don't let people pressure me as
much or make me feel bad about still
living in Austin or having a day job not
doing YouTube full-time not pubbing
their stuff on my platform hey don't get
me myself personally I am proud of my
2016 you can stay mad you can stay
hunkered down in your feelings all up
and through the day I wasn't being
aggressive to you I was just too team
saying shake the devil you say not you
just to shake the devil and now it's
your turn
you know the drill in the comments below
I wanna see paragraphs okay how was your
2016 not the world you don't say we was
all there we know I want to know how you
did you all have made my 2016 if it
wasn't for y'all and the comments that
be poppin with on a consistent basis I
don't know if you're on all the
conversations I'd be having everyone
notices how fire my comment section is
Thank You Joann amazing I'm gonna gash I
look too much and I'm saying it a big
hit or whatever um but please leave me a
comment I look forward to reading how
your year went and if you're not sick of
me by now click the annotation floating
in the atmosphere to see my goals for
2017 and I will see you on the internet
somewhere bye
