hey match the color got common YouTube
fits me Evelyn and if you're wondering
why you can only see the bottom half of
my face it's because I have severe
bedhead and I would like to reveal it to
you in a dramatic like fashion but
before we get to that this video is
going to be about how I co-wash now
without further ado here is my bed head
um yeah don't laugh baby fragile you can
see I'm rocking the nice flattened look
let's take to the front mm-hmm yeah the
other side bed head is a part of our
lives it is a very real part of our
lives I would be lying if I said
sometimes I wish I could just wake up
throw it in that ponytail you know just
walk you know like we put a messy bun
but no messy what like I told you I'm
not too big on styling so I usually just
refreshed my hair using a spray bottle
of water in conditioner or I spray a
little vegetable glycerin and put a
little bit of some not today and pull
out my hair like that and that usually
does the trick and my hair is soft for
the rest of the day but today since I'm
at home and I have a shower that I am
pleased with you know I hate dorm life
since I have that resource at my
disposal I would like to take this time
to collage I haven't cashed in like more
than a month's more than two months I
can't really remember the last time I
cashed my hair so i oh did you just see
that situation right there it's like my
hair is really coyly so it looks like
little sticks sticking up there really
is like that it's like little Springs
sticking straight up but anyways I
looked at BAM her videos awesome of
course I also looked to BAM her come on
like I would be a fool if I didn't look
at her videos never has a lot more
different different or more different
Wow
summer is in full effect what I'm
looking for in a co-washing condition is
something that is not too thick because
I want it to be able to rinse out of my
hair relatively fast
I think the coiler your here is and the
more compact your hair is the harder it
is for stuff to rinse out I here is like
a 3d slinky that's really what it is so
little circles of a slinky kind of act
like a bubble blower this is such a
weird explanation the thing you blow
bubbles through and that little feather
it's conditioner shampoo or anything
like that or water gets stuck in the
little circle of my coil no idea if that
made sense but police tell me it did
let's talk about the conditioners that I
could be using you know five what do you
think I'll go ahead and use the vo five
what's the downward pressure of my
shower that made right here
so yeah
I'm going to now shake my hair
hey I'm back in my room I pretty much
did the exact same thing as Cynthia and
bam that video you can check that out if
you want a descriptive description of
the process
I've never Co washed my hair in that way
I've always cause like scrubbing and
just moving my hair in all kind of
directions upside down right side up
side to side over manipulating your hair
really does nothing except bring
heartache and tangles know how when
you're in the shower water is pouring
you know towards you instead of that I
sat I stood underneath the water so the
downward force forced the front of my
hair to fall forward I don't know if you
can see my coils so I guess this is all
I do
vo5 was a very good it is a very watery
I didn't feel like it got caught in my
hair
I think in four days or three days I'll
try it with nature's gate strengthening
conditioner and then in another four
days I'll try it with the moisture
balancing conditioner and then another
three to four days I'll try it with our
glasses I think this summer is gonna be
the summer of co-washing what do you
guys think my face is getting a shear
and a shear as the seconds tick on so
let me put some damn this has nothing to
do with hair but it's the CBS brand of
Cetaphil eyebrows up really funny she
says not to disturb your hair like her I
shook the moisture out of my hair um I
was surprised how much water was just
stuck in my hair like shake it out it
like sprayed the shower curtain it was
kind of awesome we'll see how it goes
um it looks really really good I don't
think you guys understand like I'm not a
Kalasha at all I think I've tried it
only like three or four times in my
entire life
welcome back to you when it dries if it
ever dries and I mean I'm sure you could
diffuse this but I don't have a diffuser
and the one time I did use a diffuser it
was like steam because it was heat on
direct moisture so all I did was steam
which I didn't really I was kind of
scared thanks for watching this really
boring video and if you have anything to
say anything at all I've been really bad
with answering comments I'm sorry but
leave a comment anyways
Bamm Bamm Bamm and I will see you guys
soon bye
