hey naturally curly common youtube this
is a random video no really goal or
point but I hope you watch anyways I
want to be american apparel flea market
thing and i bought this dress and have
absolutely no idea how to wear it it I
think I it's just basically a sack with
a string on it that's all it I think my
body is actually lopsided hold on I feel
then I just put this here I mean what am
I gonna do what the heck okay just stick
it in there somewhere I mean I got they
had dr. bronner's pure castile Kestrel
castile soap so it's this I don't know
if you've never heard of it and they
were selling this for a dollar a dollar
but I don't know when the last time I
actually saw something for a dollar was
like a dollar one just one so not too
this one is the unscented baby mild and
its first of all its thumb and sent it
it smells like something and this one is
the tea tree so it's on this one that
just smells like oil I don't know they
call it a 18 and one so because you can
use it for 18 different things i'm
assuming sulfate-free its natural
there's so much text on this bottle I
really can't tell you like there's like
Bible verses or something off i don't
know but all I know is that I've heard
about it I've heard about it
um and I want to give it a try but i was
too hesitant to buy it because it was AI
always sovereign huge bottles I'm like
that's commitment I'm not really into
that right now but these were a dollar
and they're really small I don't one go
and give me someone else something else
I got a couple weeks ago they're never
told you guys about is I got some
Giovanni the Giovanni smooth at soap
conditioner and it's cool because you
don't have to buy a whole product
Giovanni is actually pretty expensive
they started selling it at Target and a
little sample that was like smaller than
those sample swab lotions you don't talk
about a sample looks like three dollars
but at this co-op that I went to it's
like an organic food store you could buy
a bottle or bring your own and they had
pumps or products pumps of oil pumps of
this stuff just in huge like massive
pumps and you can fill your own
container instead of buying more
containers and throwing them away and
know the whole organic thing uh so I
just had a little bottle and I filled it
up with the conditioner and it was
actually cheaper this thing which is
larger is actually cheaper than the
sample size at target henceforth I'm
excited I'm just going to wash my hair
with one of these condition and detangle
and once again hit it with the kinky
curly video about that coming up soon
all of this stuff so yeah good a good
look and if you know how to wear this
dress leave a comment because I'm not so
sure
so I put the other shirt that I bought
over the dress that I don't know how to
wear and I just thought I'd come back
and do a length check for you guys why
not because I actually worried that my
hair is it growing and even if it isn't
that was probably be my fault um but
just because I feel that's what people
do let's tape on the top this is the
side sorry I don't know I said that and
it's still curly at the end so it's not
actually straight just pulled okay so it
is too right here I can pull it out this
way this way all kind of ways okay oh go
back in back I'm just going to wrap it
around even though that means it's too
right there upper side I don't know it's
called north east west west top that
goes to ride here like the center oh my
gosh my mom goes to where my next art so
wear my hair ends is where the center of
my head goes and let's hit up with the
front hey I'm to my nostril maybe one
day I'll straighten it but I probably
won't but this is breakage oh gosh oh
dear sorry I'm inspecting my hair yes I
am that's what errand so anyway that's
pretty much it
