tell me why today I want to target shall
now I me a mug so while i do not want
any tea right now i will gladly return
to be sipping a little and while I'm not
exactly in the same the same world as
you you know I'm not thinking about
moving or anything I still have about a
year and a half left of college most of
my new year's resolutions do with that
and try to get out so shooting for with
my shoe yeah not next December be about
next December what hold on Wayno the
bathroom hold on hold on wait okay no I
was like okay 97 2010 whoa I was hung by
december two thousand eleven okay I was
getting scared I'm a journalism student
and journalism is really competitive it
is really competitive streak did I say
it was really competitive it's just a
competitive and if you don't do it for
yourself it won't get it done you know
most of my friends are like biology
doing this school and while you know I
appreciate that that's definitely
difficult if you study shouldn't go
passed like it's very there's no trick
to it but my major you have to be
constantly putting yourself out there
networking talking to people you are
your own business with your if you don't
sell yourself well enough oh you're not
gonna get a job so you know
College doing everything I was gonna get
it done and then I met success a little
too hard on this paper you think you're
ready for it but you get scared because
success expression have to keep doing
well top of me and then I dropped
everything it's like basically this will
begin here now starting back up again
just tryna get my stuff right so my goal
is to just put myself one hundred
percent is everything it's kind of like
the motivation think you were talking
about oh I usually trying to get the
most out of the least amount of work
like I'm not evil eye
I assess just how much I got it due to
just get over and that's all I will put
forth I'm realizing that last they're
not gonna work in so yes I need a job I
also need something that I love so look
okay so good to just find something that
I love and put my heart and soul d %
into it and do the best I can that's
going to be my the hardest just do the
best I can because I don't I mean I'm a
be students so it's like I mean I'm
doing well so that's what's hard about
it is when you're doing well you always
do better it is that I don't have that
drive to want to be better so number two
we definitely have to be muscle
let it go of bad feelings towards people
I mean I tend to say everything's okay
it's really I'm like burning a hole
through your head of my mind and that's
really bad I'm you're not being fake
because I really want everything to be
okay again but it's just subconsciously
I I haven't let certain things go
between me and other people and they're
still in my life you know because I said
everything was okay right um but it's
not and it's the thing I can talk to
them about because it has nothing to do
with them it's me and it's me having to
get over stuff so that working on that
its just oh yeah number three would
definitely be embracing I don't know
just get on top of stuff you know I have
a tendency to let stuff slide and I
guess how become really lazy but I'm
really not you know I I set goals and I
meet goals but it always seems like I
could do stuff better so just Girl Talk
my stuff will there be with my hair I
have to ibc hold on hold on hold on cuz
we hold on hold on sorry up can i bring
this is what i bought today mario how
awesome my head is just sticking out all
over the place i bought some others but
this is not this is not
support my heart this is the most fun
thing i bought scissors cashiers cuz a
big kidding me because I big
chop is coming in like three weeks I'm
so excited to just start fresh the bagel
shop I'm doing a big and 2010 I wish all
y'all the best of luck let me sip on
this hair imaginary tea and just
continue to go forth you know trusting
God whoever you want to trust you know
um sticking with good friends you know
good family and just trying to keep keep
going you know just just do it just just
just do it it's not I mean it'll be hard
you know it just just
bye
