hey too broad it's me Evelyn coming to
you
full circle unity me bare face dude
crusty face it on the floor uh but my
mom and dad's house like homes at my
house it's my home
he doesn't saying I loved all this crap
you don't even know all this that I
could film my big end of the year why my
end of the year black-owned tall stuff
thing so if you want to see all the
black owned items that I have collected
as an purchased been gifted please stay
tuned
although the the season of giving
gift-giving is over or whatever maybe in
2017 you resolved to purchase more
things from black folks
simple as that hopefully this video can
help you achieve that resolution alright
Umoja is what is that what it is in moja
there will also be a giveaway at the end
of the video and the only reason I see
the end of the video is cuz I don't
actually know what the giveaway will be
this is gonna be a long video mad
informations gonna be in the video
description box if you ask me a question
that can be answered via the video
description box I will block you
black-owned everything alright let's go
I was for the oh geez first we have a
clothing brand lifestyle brand because
she has a cruncher and things like that
named Lulu and it was founded by
Michelle she is Nigerian all right
and she makes these shirts you've
probably seen them on lion on this is
what to buy for your but magical black
girl list right so she makes these
shirts I cut this one it made it into
like a craps app but she puts Africa on
them and she even includes my gas car
alright so I have this I have the
African American at least that's how I
interpret this the African American
hoodie crew net the shop changes
constantly things are very limited
edition but if you click the link in the
video description box you can find what
she does have next I have Josie's brand
smart brown girl this sweater it's like
an off-the-shoulder situation as you can
see my shoulders are off as you can see
it's a little feminine when you have
your days right I want to be you know
say a little feminine feminine side I
got this when she first I feel like what
she first announced um that she was
releasing merch I also bought the
t-shirt which if you can't believe this
is a large and I'm my own hope so the
tag is still on it and everything so
this is going to be part of the giveaway
that I mentioned that's gonna be at the
end of this video so the next items are
buy dope xiety and it's um owned created
founded by run by dionisio i believe she
lives in new orleans and she makes these
really cool tees with like masks and
what they're adorned and things like
such as she also makes like clothes like
she makes clothes from scratch so not
just graphic tees but she also makes
clothes which I find really really dope
the tank top that I have you can see
just really much another hey grab on you
know and it's just a little it's a
little detail
yeah and your same with your denim shirt
a little African mask you know I'm
saying this me a softy this next t-shirt
in mug was gifted to me
Lag excellence I love this shirt this
has become my airport shirt I was also
given the mug are we doing this yes
there we go sip your black excellence
why be black excellence you say the name
of the store is on the need okay I'm
just you might be Omni dope girl I don't
know they also have jewelry like studs
and necklaces with like the boots hang
on it is this fire it's fine
next item is from slay culture this was
also sent to me and this will be part of
the giveaway as well slay culture so
first thing is this shirt that says
wheel it and then you have a mug that
says crazy about my culture and it also
comes with a pin so thank you so much
like culture for sending me these items
I do want to include these in my
giveaway how could I forget myself
alright my order from my own shop just
came in magical black girl I purchased a
mug this go-round
um I don't know how I feel about this
it's not a black mug it's like a white
mug paying black because my design is
black but you know I had to order it
just to see will be giving away two
shirts I went to a local screen printer
to print these just as samples because
teespring doesn't let you see what they
look like before like in person and that
really bothered me so um these are super
soft oh my gosh so soft
one lucky person will be getting two of
them it's all one giveaway because I
know myself
and I don't trust myself to keep up with
that many packages so this is all going
in one mega awesome black-owned giveaway
i purchased also for myself via magical
black girl crewneck sweater thank you so
much to everybody who purchased
something this go-round I know it was
very short turnaround that's my fault
I'm just everywhere but I appreciate you
use the hashtag magical black girl and
tag me in it on Instagram I'm Evelyn
from the Internet's let me know so I can
give it a like and comment teespring
recently contacted me was like we
noticed that your store is popping like
clean so now I'm working with teespring
to bring you the store year-round
this next shirt is one of my favorites
um it is called Vivienne Claire it's
dark skin Aunt Viv and Claire Huxtable
it's a collaborative project by
apartment 349 my friend Gabrielle she is
on everything a graphic everything
designer lover she loves t-shirts and
Ron Atkins Vivian and Claire and it's 20
pounds I don't know how much that is in
USD but I paid it amen
this one is a crowd favorite eye we're
doing strategic time okay black nerds
night and I got this from Uyen handmade
back back vanity back in the day I wear
this during like South by Southwest
Interactive or like any conference that
I'm not even a part of I just want to be
in the atmosphere and every time I wear
it like the three blend dudes in the
room always like always like we all we
got you know Zayn next is a new purchase
it recently came in the mail I have
collaborated with Cheyenne of the
YouTube channel pretty brown and nerdy
twice her and
her friends who also created a channel
pretty brown and nerdy hide shirts so I
smack - this one is free whoo I feel
like we need all sentation in all spaces
and places you know I'm saying like we
can create a mean you part uh but we can
also you know I'm saying fangirl over
comic books they can do both we can do
it all we are all the next t-shirt is by
origin 89
this one says unfriendly black hotties
club I think they are also the makers of
my no justice no peace
t-shirt that I wore in my calling black
video it has a black panther and it says
no justice no peace and there's like a
lightning bolt going through the Black
Panther it's true I cannot find that
shirt for the life of me caveat I
included them in this video but as of
right now their store is under
construction so sorry for getting your
hopes up next shirts will be included in
the giveaway that I would do and um the
brand is K house are we seeing this yes
sent me two shirts
neither wish come close to being my size
which is why they will be given away
shirts like this remind me of like Toni
daily like she always gets cute shirts
like this um this is an extra-large but
again in what universe I'm not like
shaming you for being skinny or whatever
I'm just saying this MEC shirt is so
cute it says Pro fro alright it's black
it has this like cool print that makes
the letter so respect the frou frou frou
both of these will be yours okay so I
bought two mugs from society6 which is
this story that allows artists and
illustrators to put their designs on
merchants
so I bought two mugs by kat blaque here
on YouTube here on the Internet's she is
a bomb illustrator
um one day I want to make like a
children's book um illustrated by her
but I manifest yes this one is just
different different girls of different
shades and like hairstyles and they are
all super rad and the next one that I
got is this one that just says feminist
hashtag feminist next two mugs were sent
to me by a company called Lian and Lucy
Lyon in Lucy this mug that's like a cute
like like deconstructed face with like a
TWA tuning the Afro like a bomb side
part and then they sent me this one that
says peace and one lucky Internet cousin
will be receiving this in the package
Shh they don't just have this design
like they have girls with different hair
styles huge froze um but this is the one
I chose so thank you so much for sending
me this now it's time for head wrap the
only accessory that I have more of then
head wraps is snap bags you know I'm
saying get you a girl I can't do Pope
you don't say it I just happened to buy
a lot of them from the rap life quite a
few head wraps by the rap life um k on
my friend got me this one for my
birthday it's beautiful
they are not the only head wrap company
out here by any means I've been looking
at two other one all three other ones
and I'll put their links in the video
description box as well now if you are
one of those people who's like I can
make that myself then do it please by
all means do those who cannot do
purchase I'm just saying these two head
wraps I have here are actually by Toni
daily here on YouTube I bought them
because they're skinny as you can see
like she had different options for sizes
so that this can be more of a headband
than like a full-on
like Badu ISM headwrap I also have this
one which I really love the design
alright with a nice red lip girl that
being said if you make head wraps if
you're watching this and you make head
wraps please I beg of you can you make a
square option a square I just want a
square a square head scarf a square
piece of fabric that's what I want
honestly I will give you all of my money
if you just make this in a square okay
we're done with clothes now we're moving
on to accessories and other random
things and then we'll end with beauty
when you purchase something from Toni
daily.com
you get a free gift these are Africa
wooden earrings in the shape of Africa
this is like a wooden stud oh there we
go
took a wooden stud in my black-owned
giveaway box I will be giving away two
pairs of Tony Daly originals next these
sunglasses from Fly Girl Couture now
these sunglasses are made in China it's
not like she made the sunglasses oh yeah
but she sold the sunglasses which I feel
like still counts I bought these in New
York she had a booth at crow fest in
Brooklyn Prospect Park and so when I
went to professed I knew I would just so
I got two pairs of sunglasses
these ones are my favorite cuz they're
gold she sells accessories earrings
sunglasses she also I think sells like
vintage item piece images jewelry I have
been stalking that store for years I was
sake I was pretty much bedridden so
during that span of like three days I
just bought so much stuff online because
I mean what else you gonna do here I'm
saying drink my Pedialyte throwing up my
guts and buying jewelry so this is a
piece from piece images jewelry
it's like labradorite I think is what
this stone is called so it's lots of
gold
it's lots of brass it's just my
aesthetic come on focus it says melanin
I don't know if you can see but I love
this ring so like a prices reflect the
materials used in these pieces I love
that she makes dainty pieces I think
there's this assumption that if you bleh
if you're a black woman your aesthetic
is just like huge everything huge
necklaces a million bangles don't forget
the dainty girls don't forget us alright
I have a bag and like Evelyn you don't
strike me as someone who carries bags I
don't um my mom gets on me about that
all the time
I put my license in my bra I put it in
my back pocket my debit card being my
back pocket it's bad and at crow fest um
I bought this bag wonderful bag from
CeCe's closet it's a backpack all right
and this is real leather alright so if
you're vegan too bad this fabric is like
I'm Karla fabric this little side pocket
and inside pouch with like pockets on
the inside it's just a very well made
bag um the price reflected that it's
well made and her mom who is also
running the booth at crow fest with her
mentioned like all these luxury purses
get their leather from the same place
like in Nigeria so why can't we then I
was like boo sign me up they had
wonderful like colorful bags clutches
head wraps I think yeah they had head
wraps um but I chose this one because it
was neutral it'll go with everything
also at crow fest I stopped by lit I
stopped by lit Brooklyn's
booth they make candles
giving me citrus but like vanilla
it just smells like a warm blanket this
is the small size to have a larger size
but I got like a little sample thing
three of these um I was gifted this next
item and this will be in your giveaway
box of black-owned stuff these two
coloring books and they threw in some
color pencils it's for adults I think
children can also color in it the
illustrators name is Anthony Richardson
she sent me these two this one's called
the queens of rich and it's just like
can you see this it's just beautiful
black oops you got a head wrap look at
that and I think that's the do off a I
think resemble right there
lovely lovely coloring book so many
squiggles and wiggles and patterns that
you can color so this is the Queen's of
rich and this is the Kings of rich so we
have lovely facial hair giving you Tupac
um giving you chance the rapper maybe
these are not actual rappers I'm just
telling you what it's giving is giving
you like one of them avatar characters
get come through locks come through life
check Black Card revoked is the card
game taking the world by storm it is
made by a company called cards for all
people and it is just like a trivia
majority wins card game in which it asks
a bunch of like black us culture
questions this pack is yours I bought to
a long time ago I don't know why it took
me so long to give this away but I have
one at the house this one is yours I'm
going to open it so now it has my
essence on it so for example this
question is majority rules so there is
no right answer it's just the majority
who taught you how to spell the word
independent wasn't a a teacher be little
webby
see this
shop for deep low busi IND EPE
de is II didn't know that speaking her
games
I was sent another day this is so quota
meets in beta right now and there will
be a Kickstarter later on so this game
is not available for purchase to my
knowledge I got the exclusive say aloud
I love the name it is like a complete
game like there are categories there's
music there's literature there's
television cards Ning the artist i'ma
throw that shade if I can't get paid
will you up to your girl like the army
grenade you can slide on my eyes let me
escapade put in the comics who who did
them alright wrapping things up with
beauty hair skin life brown butter
beauty there we go the sweet what is it
sweet milk a detangler this is my
favorite leave-in conditioner a second
or third bottle I saw one at work that
had a pump
then I must snatch that I don't know
whose nest it's on but I was matching
this is empty as you can see the babassu
butter love deep conditioner there there
we go brown butter beauty love it love
it love it so this next brand was sent
to me by its creator Charlene and I
believe she lives
I believe she's South African so it's
called natural aura she sent me the
whipped hair souffle which is like a
shea butter whip if you do what I'm like
I'm Way too much on my hands which is
like a shea butter whip she sent me the
hair growth oil which is a lovely blend
of oils such as coconut sweet almond
essential oil Moringa the hair
thickening serum and the beard oil for
imaginary bed
classy have a nice natural fragrance
nothing added to it just the smell of
the oils a nice little blade um saying I
feel like black girls always got a blend
somewhere I will be gifting you the
beard oil and the hair thickening serum
glass give you that because I have
already used these two products so I'm
like share the wealth
Evelyn hands and don't be greedy next is
a purchase that I recently made at UM
Nikki's event sipping social here in
Austin Texas I bought three products
from mature and kinky creations
I bought a coffee and cocoa brown sugar
scrub their hair and body oil in the
fragrance I think this is like honey
oatmeal or something it smells so good
that I haven't taken a shower today so
I'm still smelling it from last night
it's like spicy but like cookies and
then the third thing that I got from
mature and kinky was the shea butter
cream which can be used in hair and body
I also got it oh the fragrance is called
honey nuts and oats it smells so good
it's just like cereal like your fate
like cinnamon toast crunch but you need
a solid perfume the reason I stocked up
on a body oil is because I recently
finished a body oil that was also black
girl beauty brand support assistant
lotions by K and I got this at craft her
which was a massive 100% woman owned
like market that we had here in Austin
put on by box babes which is a woman run
organization stocked by lotions by K got
the passionfruit lotion it's not a
lotion it is made exclusively from oils
coconut oil shape
almond oil beeswax fragrance she's from
Houston Texas
and so it's like you know what you drove
all the way to Austin i'ma buy something
smells great it was nice and fruity it
smells like a candle really if this came
in a candle I'd buy it
remember the time I went on a cruise um
for Russians birthday grandma zeny here
on YouTube she gave us a goodie bag she
gave us a present for her birthday party
and one of her sponsors was sanika
naturals and she's talking about them on
her YouTube channel all the time I just
have never like clicked on the links she
gives but in her goodie bag she had a
coupon for like some stupid like $30
just like here's $30 go spend it however
you want so I bought three things one of
which I've already used which was a bar
soap um but I still have the two other
things
so from sanika naturals I got the shame
moisturizer the two ounce and the brown
sugar scrub the four ounce and then I
got a bar of soap and it all came in the
same fragrance so it was like a trio the
spicy sweet aroma of bay rum oil that's
combined with organic shea butter and
natural oils to produce a rich head -
Tom what mmm so it's called Bay Bay hey
Bay Bay this is my fragrance like if you
want to know what I enjoy smelling like
spiced herbs you know take not quite
patchouli but we'll get to that in a
second if it's marketed to your man it's
for me
surprise I am mister steal yo girl all
right speaking of patchouli this next
item is one of my personal favorites
all-time favorites and it will be going
in your giveaway box goodie box of
black-owned items this is a hashtag BB
BB black boy beauty brand Harlem soap
remember I did like a chrome box body
unboxing and review and they had the
soap in there
and it was in this fragrance and it was
awesome and I purchased some of my own
and I just purchased like all the
fragrances and fell in love with
patchouli and lavender never in my life
that I think I would put truly maybe
because I live in Austin
alright the smell of hipster but like
the hipster where she got like two locks
like two big blonde locks um but like
straight back see where it's like
clothes that resemble something someone
in like the mountains of Peru would wear
she smells like patchouli
so patchouli had like a bad stigma in my
mind but this smells so good I've been
saving this soap I don't know why I was
saving it uh-huh but I realized you know
what I should give it away
next um I was actually sent a box of
goodies from my internet cousin my
actual Patrice you know who you are
she's one of those people who like be
checking on me like when I go ghost she
sent me an email she was like just
making sure you're live and stuff and I
really appreciate that I appreciate are
you okay instead of where's the next
video
little did she know one of my favorite
scrubs was in that box of goodies that
she sent me and I told out that all
Disney lemon beignet bad sugar sorbet I
could honestly dig my tongue in here and
lick it like it smells so good so I use
this pretty heavily I love this scrub
and I love the person who gave it to me
I have made two reviews about this brand
and that is Bolden Bolden skincare use
the products that I'm currently using on
my face to cleanse my face to tone my
face I spilled half of this two days ago
while on the cc's closet bag very shoujo
and I almost cried like I
legit almost wept if you're going to buy
one there's owner I would say by the
toner because it is a product that stays
on your face you don't rinse it off
diminishes appearance of dark spots
tightens and refines pores prevents
breakouts controls oil and shine they
are the real deal Holyfield can you
focus they are the real deal how long is
this video honestly um last but not
least we have maps if you want to paint
you up face I have just the thing for
you this is by balm and Co ooh balm and
co which is the skincare company by
internet person poet writer
Alex L I bought this long time ago when
she first opened up her shop uses lemon
butter I have never used a product lemon
butter coconut oil GMO free soy wax and
essential oil so yes this is vegan this
chapstick does not use beeswax it smells
like one of them artisanal popsicles
you're the ones that be like seven
dollars for one pop local not a box one
popsicle kiss my lips nice and shine T
and moisturize for the lipsticks I'm
about to wear I went to black girl
beautiful in Los Angeles it's Nikki of
Phoenix's event
I bought two lipsticks by Nicolette
Paris spelled like Ferris wheel and it's
this wonderful purple can we beauty guru
circa 2010 I bought this color Ellen sue
purely because this was the color she
was wearing and she looked gorgeous it
is a blue it is a really dark a really
dark deep indigo last but not least the
last item in my
massive lengthy is the lid bar
congratulations to the lip bar she is
now in target for him if in 2016 you
have seen me wearing a red lip it was
this one spy the lip bar and it's called
boss lady and it is a liquid matte
lipstick oh my beauty guru look at that
look at that it is a true oh oh this um
grey blue color is called silent killer
oh my god
and I also bought three of her regular
like satin finish regular finish
lipsticks
this one's called whiskey sour and it is
like a nice break orange are we seeing
this it's a nice brick orange um love it
oh yeah it's purple rain alright P
2016's B trash I had a color like purple
rain from colour-pop but something
happened to it
um and I put it on my lips one day and
my lips started burning so I wiped it
off immediately and purchased this so
the next one I got is called cocoa
cooler and it is a nice 90s brown let's
let me not break it 90s Brown poetic
justice
um Erykah Badu and 97 ah color so yeah
that's it that is everything black owned
I think that I have purchased or been
sent this year technically also like
2015 hope you enjoy this video bringing
it back old-school I'm not going to
insert any extra b-roll footage I'm not
going to model the clothes I'm not going
to cut away to me in the lipstick you
know I'm saying what you get is what you
get alright this is I'm giving you 2009
hit up the video description box if you
want to visit any of these vendors these
creators these make
there's these artisans these creatives
and support them with your kindness now
for the giveaway if you want to win all
the items I'm throwing in this one big
box of black-owned magic all you have to
do is head over to my Instagram find the
photo that has all the prizes in it and
leave a comment literally anything
thanks for watching
up next hopefully you see the same day
and I edit this but on December 30th I
have a book review planned that I have
my Thailand vlog whenever that's going
to happen and then I have my 2016 rap
book in my 2017 resolutions video so you
know I'm getting back in the string of
things I will see you on the internet
somewhere ahh
