hey nationally Carl Icahn it's me Evelyn
it's Monday night tomorrow's Tuesday and
that means I finally get to leave this
campus and go home skinny so I'm really
excited about that but in hair news yes
I finally got my kinky twists my friend
did them over the weekend and she did an
amazing job if your college students I
suggest you find a friend or make a
friend who can braid because it's really
helpful um and often times they'll be a
lot cheaper than a hair stylist two
braids I know when I go home and I get
kinky twists it's like 150 dollars um
yeah but I paid my friend 80 um plus the
cost of the hair so yeah I like them a
lot I'll keep these in until mid-january
and like I said after I take them out
that's 10 big chop um this is the first
time I didn't get a color that I got a
color besides jet black um they're kind
of reddish brown I like them I'm happy
but yeah that's my situation right now
coming up next um an interview with my
friend Benedicta who just did her big
chop a month ago we're a little more
than a month ago and she's gonna talk
about that for a little while um I hope
you enjoy and I hope you guys have a
great thanksgiving holiday bye
I went natural because honestly I
thought it looked pretty like I know a
lot of people are like oh I want to
natural because of Ontario modles
because I want to just be free but you
know I saw girls from Krampus froze and
when I came from LA girls half froze so
I'm like oh really that's a nice style I
could like a rocket so yeah I decided to
do it it'll be a year this week probably
a year this week this how long's mrs. my
bass relaxer I do intend to stay natural
because you know it's it's more
versatile in my opinion then just relax
her because if I want to straighten it I
can or if I want to have it in a compact
fro I can or if I want to twist it out i
can it's just versatile if you know how
to work it my thoughts right before I
got high big cut was oh my goodness this
is gonna be so short I'm gonna look like
a boy boy I don't people think that boy
I'm gonna have to accessorize wear more
makeup than I usually do when I'm a big
makeup person so like when I cut it I
was surprised that it really wasn't that
short I guess that I underestimated how
fast my hair could grow but then I catch
my attention for like almost a year
10 months I realized it was time to quit
relax in my hair when I relaxed that it
was still like her took home more like I
just didn't like I didn't like any more
like I never liked it before but it was
just too much of a hassle Olin and then
I didn't see any hair grow and I started
seeing her grow when I had braids when I
went back to school when I came back and
relaxed and I like were a couple of
inches I'm Michael is growing more when
I'm in college and I'm in and I was in
high school my friends all say that my
hair is cute and my mom and my parents
my dad seemed but I see my pictures my
mom and she says she likes it and so
that's good I just need to keep it up
you know I can't let myself you know
anyway that's the point favorite
products one of my friends she's been
natural for a while said on track can't
sue shea butter and so I tried it and
liked it really works it's not like it's
not an oil base it's like a cream and
it's really thick and so I like that and
I think I'm gonna try to use their
condition are there any man right now
use Pantene something relax natural
this utter leave in conditioner I'm
gonna leave in on clarifying conditioner
recommended by Eve wouldn't say that
being natural is easier than being
relaxed because it does take a lot of
upkeep right out the fact that I can
wash it when I feel like it like instead
of washing my hair like every 2-3 weeks
watch it every week I got a Friday
that's like my thing that I do now the
hardest will be natural overall is
trying to figure out what your hair is
like because before when I was in the
shower and washing my hair it would
always come out like in big chunks my
first I was like why is it following I
kept active people view should allow to
know you know and i'm like there
something wrong man but then I think I
roll out that it's just a part of it
heal itself like since when you look at
yourself you don't know how much it's
grown some time I ask you about my cuz
my hair grinder I got so I'm like is my
hair really growing but you know I I
guess it is i mean i can i can stretch
it out pretty far he said he'd receive
are you liking me no I'm not like cuz
she saw me the day after the day of my
big shop and she said his phone so I
trust her opinion I think many goals to
have a huge fro but not big enough so
people don't think that I'm like Sister
Sledge just big enough so I can think
that it's cute because again I went
natural not to prove a point I just did
it because that's what I wanted to do I
were
is that if your natural girl don't hate
on relax girl Nikki relax bro don't hit
on the true girls or girls out where we
were / just do you as long as you're
comfortable with your scaring your own
self if you want long Remmy we've all
the way down to your posterior go on
ahead if you want dreads so on who cares
as long as you can get up in the morning
look at me and say oh my goodness I am
flying and that's all that matters only
let people say oh you still it not to
the to the man because you want to buy
packets a week mo I just think it looks
good he's like oh you just want to be
all black panther because you know I
just think it oh I want people to
understand just stop hating on people
because we already hating ourselves too
much just each other gives you an excuse
to buy accessories and and unnecessary
hair clips just costs too much but you
know what you know still cute and I know
it brings out my face and yeah so I
really you guys enjoyed this video but
again just do you when it comes to your
hair your fashion as long as you don't
in a rock it you know
yeah just peace out how come and I guess
I'll see you all later maybe by that
time it'll be like this big over a year
and then that way i'll be able to buy
guys
