hey the world it's me Evelyn question
have you ever gone to work sick of
course we have this allergies it's just
allergies okay no I said I can't come in
today the both twins are sick both Flynt
both twins both both what's our self
elections are coming up in November
don't click out girl come back please
it'll be good I promise
stick around all right well what I'm not
gonna do is tell you who to vote for or
who I'm voting for I just want to talk
about some issues that I have my eye on
like paid sick leave or paid family so
paid sick days are this little thing
that some people have where you can get
sick without fear of losing a day's pay
for your entire job you can finally take
care of that coffee you've been having
for a while
want take your sick kid to the doctor
let me hit you with some numbers about
40 percent of the private working sector
here in the u.s. does not have a single
paid sick day that's about 40 million
people in this country who have to ask
themselves this question can I afford to
be sick right now
but probably the only thing worse than
not getting a paid sick day to take care
of yourself when you have like the flu
or something is not getting a paid day
off to have a whole baby or like take
care of an aging parent right now
one in four working mothers return to
the job two weeks after giving birth two
weeks for a global superpower of the
loped world that's trash
so I seemed up with the people over at
make it work who believe that nobody in
the United States should have to choose
between taking care of themselves and
their families and earning a living they
support changes that help us all make it
work you get on to Gateway this is going
tying it all together bring it all
together politicians love to talk about
getting back to basics and Family Values
but do they actually value families
which by the way means valuing women
many thanks to my internet cousins over
at make it work for helping me film and
produce this video your girl ders at FPS
a-ok BBS alright look at me now in the
comments below let me know if you've
ever had to go into work sick I think
it's important that we share our story
so the number one we all know that we're
not alone and number two we recognize
that it really doesn't have to be this
way if you want to learn more about paid
sick days and paid family leave visit
make-it-work org they are nonprofit
nonpartisan not affiliated with any
presidential candidate and that is why
don't we go to the other see you on the
internet somewhere bye
