I remember my parents freaking out about
my single sink just general fear around
Internet stuff and safety or something I
don't know
I go no kids and Here I am over ten
years later posting a video in my
bedroom online talking to people
Oh too much no but I like them though
telling you about the vacation I just
went on with someone I only know from
YouTube it's okay mom I'm fine
hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn y'all
may remember rush me from that gift swap
we did a while back okay I'll clean this
later I'll clean it later but I started
fighting I have been watching her videos
for years and if you ever see her son in
the finest University of Texas regalia
test me auntie Helen from the Internet's
for a 40th birthday she invited women
from her physical realm and those of us
from the internet dimension to join her
on a week-long birthday cruise I had
never met her before
in person in my life so of course that
means I should go on vacation with her
yeah started in Orlando Florida
that's the Rumi Kyla my first time on a
cruise ship
Royal Caribbean's Freedom of the Seas it
is basically a hotel on the water and
why does this look like an entire
shopping mall though the first day kind
of felt like summer camp or college
orientation everybody was just trying to
get us hi
we set sail and the next day our first
off was Royal Caribbean's private beach
Koko K in the Bahamas we got off the
ship and onto a ferry situation that
took us to the beach
it was pretty crowded I wasn't expecting
the area to be that small but it wasn't
but a little rock in the middle of the
ocean that they had bought I mean it was
fine all we did was roast in the Sun
anyway and take pictures poof can we can
we can do those into the bajo here we go
yes find your light all the light is
yours
don't let the camera work you honey you
work at my booth yeah dad but that
sucked him on this yeah oh man so we
went back to the ship after a few hours
at coke okay Beach let's talk about food
on the cruise ship okay there was formal
group dining every night and then during
the day you could get breakfast
delivered to your room or go to the bus
stay for lunch just food on food on food
all the food the buffet food was a
hundred times better than like the
formal dining restaurant food I don't
even really remember by name what we ate
in the formal dining room every night
but the Windjammer the buffet was called
the Windjammer the Windjammer girl
curries on curries pilau there was a
oxtail have you ever had oxtail on
buffet I have never in my life seen
oxtail on buffet the good thing about
the formal dining though is that it was
our chance every night to get together
because we all go off on our own
adventures on the cruise ship or on
wherever we're docking so the formal
dining is a great way for us to come
back Kiki you know I'm saying catch up
on break bread together I'm saying at
least once a day
after dinner you could go to the club
they had a club on the ship I feel like
they played the wobble and cupid shuffle
approximately 127 times so the whole
point of rush knees birthday cruise was
that this particular Royal Caribbean
cruise would dock in the Virgin Islands
brush knee is from the Virgin Islands
great awesome sound like a plan right
months past we get on the cruise we
aren't accrued so when we got the
announcement that due to inclement
weather we will be turning around and
going to Mexico bummer is an
understatement okay but hey safety first
or whatever um instead our next dock was
Costa Maya Mexico it was cool to
actually be in a country my Mexicans was
actually there even though obviously it
was very touristy because of us you know
it's a cruise ship dock but um it was
fun this is my view the next day our
second dog was still Mexico we went to
Cozumel and that day we decided to
actually book an excursion and so we
went on a tour of Mayan ruins our tour
guide was amazing he was so true he was
like don't forget the African influence
Africans was definitely here you know
what I'm saying
don't forget the advocates of site yes
are you saying Co mostly if you say
black lives matter you said he showed us
like this um Park of fertility and you
know blessings may come in the future
but I just kind of like walked around it
cuz I don't wanna I don't want the - a
those blessings right now you don't say
not like now
and before we knew it the cruise was
over last night
I don't wanna think about it I want to
think about it I don't think nope nope
hope you enjoyed this vlog
happy birthday Russian ewwww I am so
glad you are alive everything and moving
throughout this world at the same time
as me like what elastic you know in the
comments below let me know if you went
anywhere this summer for vacation yes I
know it's practically October no
judgment if you want to watch Russian
ease vlog click the atmosphere it'll
also be in the video description box and
I will see you on the internet somewhere
bye
