hey YouTube world it's me Evelyn I'm
coming the all fresh off vacation all
right I'm giving you deep number one two
and three all right cuz you know we
don't got the cool the cool make up
shade like alabaster okay and and sad
I'm giving you a little bit of urban
Bush babes
needless to say has this been showing
the whole time y'all so fake you know
what I'm not gonna do this over cuz
Jesus said all right come as you are
did he not I'm back with the chips
alright got then hashtag sneaking this
video is not sponsored but closer it
should be run me my check Freda way to
the Queen alright so there are four new
flavors that lays has out I believe they
are different here in the United States
and they are in Canada for example up
first we have Chinese Szechuan chicken
oh you know the duck sauce a little
little packet of duck sauce that's
inside your Chinese takeout just gotta
wear this can be a DIY get a regular
original Lay's potato chip gets you a
ramen packet open the flavor dust pouch
of powder sprinkle it put it in a ziploc
bag the first flavor that hits you with
soy and then you get a little like spice
if I wanted to lick ramen powder I will
just do that I don't need a chip alright
Brazilian picanha steak and chimichurri
sauce
the smell is giving me nothing it's
giving me oxygen sealed bag so this
chip just tastes like meat
I'm just getting a heavy meat town today
and gabsul ate beef witchcraft that's
how it's giving me Fogle to chow all
right the urban Fogle to child ever been
to like a Brazilian steakhouse is giving
me that and the more you eat it the more
it doesn't taste like anything
wasn't bad it's not the best if that's
the best then this is a fail oh my god
hit me in my teeth yt greek tzatziki I
love a good tzatziki mmm-hmm refreshing
how a chip refreshing how is a chip
refreshing but it's got the dill all
right it's got let the mint does it
happen it was it
cucumber yes I was like there's
something spa-like in here
it's the cucumber it's giving me
Hercules it's giving me was Hercules
Greek where's that Roman actual flavors
including natural dill flavor check
natural cucumber flavor got it and
natural yoghurt type flavor natural
yoghurt type flavor what do that mean
one more to go
I'll do the piece fellas these thongs
kettle cooked Indian tikka masala this
is either going to be so late or so
disgusting it did smell like samosa I
feel it in my soul that's gonna be good
look how melon ate it this chip is oh my
god Park a pile up you can't say I'm
gyrating right now Oh gyration Oh
Jerusha and hip isolation mmm after my
African um internet cousins they poured
an entire jar of Royko okay uh juicy mix
okay Maggie Q and you know what no
complaints this is by far the saltiest
one it don't have a right to chip but
you know what they do have
so ziggy Young's in the heat of India
pull off the yogurt club
I'm doing the azan toe it smells like a
samosa the Indian Simone says number one
number two number three number four i
mean i'm nita moving just to remind
myself now i taste like leftovers oh so
we have come to the end of we have come
to the end of this lays um passport to
flavor a taste test I tasted them all
for you here in this video hope you
found it enlightening informative or
entertaining in the comments below let
me know if you've tasted these chips let
me know what you thought of them which
ones were your favorites I'll see you on
the Internet
