time to smack your lip hey brother it's
me Evelyn did you miss me hmm smacking
my lip to various foodstuffs culinary
delights okay
cornucopia of cuisine is installment of
hash tag smack your lip is brought to
you in collaboration with candy club
candy Club is a subscription service
that delivers premium candies to your
doorstep every month I inherited my
sweet tooth from my male parental unit
my father and I enjoy a good sucrose
organic cane sugar doesn't even matter
when you visit candy club calm you can
opt to select three different candies
for yourself or have the candy experts
at candy club select three options for
you if you have very strong opinions
about how candy should be like banana
flavored anything is from Satan and
Twizzlers are objectively disgusting you
can fight me I would suggest using the
pick your own option okay that being
said there is no chocolate featured on
this site really for all your rooty
tooty fresh and fruity needs plus it
wouldn't melt anyway I don't even know
how that would work
this is what the package looks like
candy club they selected the candies for
me so there better not be no Twizzlers
in here yuck buds
first is Finny sour peach hearts these
jellies smell like a peachy summer
orchard and have a soft chewy texture
I'll be the judge of that
oh okay that's a lot of candy
can be so good i'ma go right right here
it's giving me crystal light it's giving
me a little Alassane okay
it's giving me a white sangria alright
you know me me myself I love a good
gummy that's good
nothing take em next up doraville sour
power green apple belts flavorful in jus
easy with just the right amount of
pucker power I'll be the judge of that
I love sour candy ah you stop belts what
does it end okay it's hitting me Oh
backup power this one they said it would
be hot it up power
this is giving me second grade it's
giving me like the fantastic flavor of
like a green Jolly Rancher but then like
all this intricate flavor dust is giving
me not quite warheads because that's
like too much the Apple is really coming
through finally we have the Finney
collisions licorice ordered multiple
filled tubes they're filled and colorful
wheels create a kaleidoscope of fun
flavors I will be the judge of that
it's all so you can kind of eat them but
like should you let's try this purple
this LSU
it's basically like fruit spaghetti they
have this one it looks like an eraser
all right it's like pure sugar inside I
like the inside compacted powdered sugar
surrounded by ah they have this one
oh it's filled ones cherry out this huh
that's tough I left everything that
doesn't just look like a twizzler
these are Twizzlers just deconstructed
okay I said what I said I had no idea
what I was gonna get in my candy Club
box but you can also choose your own
candies and they're about fifty candies
to choose from I will share this with
someone who will appreciate them
meeting the wish you can send a candy
club box to somebody as a gift you know
I'm saying support somebody sugar habit
okay that's what friends are for there's
actually a bonus enjoy a splash of
Primrose rock and rods oh they're like
these types of just like hard candies
blue raspberry of the rock and rods this
one is giving me remember like the the
blast off like the America popsicles
where it's like blue red and white it
looks like a rocket ship that's left the
red one
this is taste the same oh I think that's
regular raspberry I'm like does it taste
the same yes it does the green one
alright it's giving me remember those
lollipops I had green apple on one side
caramel on the other side mm-hmm purple
one great
that purple stopped to bring me back to
grape drink okay can't legally call it
juice you won't they're great right
great great great great great great as
is custom here on YouTube there will be
a coupon code in the video description
box 50% off your box plus free shipping
shipping is pretty fast they got my box
in about five days Walt that's it hope
you enjoyed this episode of
egg smack your lip in the comments below
let me know what your favorite flavor
palates are for candy or if you're one
of those people who likes like pretzels
you eat pretzels instead of sugary
stuffs you're weird
okay you're weird and I will see you on
the internet somewhere bye
