so a couple weeks ago I went to go watch
Captain America Civil War I got to see
black panther in action in 3d then there
was all the internet buzz Twitter was
late everybody changed a name to some
version of T'Challa and I was like oh so
now it's cool to be from Wakanda now
everybody wanna be from Wakanda y'all
fake I need to speak my piece hey
YouTube world it's me Evelyn
to be fair as a child I was never
bullied for being African to any sort of
detrimental degree I made friends
wherever I went never hindered my
education or anything like that life is
cumulative etc etc I'm Gucci now I'm on
the other side I'm good but I've been
cooked at ok
clipped people have clicked at me like
as a joke Oh what y'all speak in Africa
y'all speak African click click click
firstly don't speak to me at night about
a PS fam meanwhile you can't spell out
of might appear meanwhile I'm beating
you in every standardized test meanwhile
you don't know the perimeter of a
rectangle but you 17 please reevaluate
your life being from what kinda wasn't
cool in 97 y'all let's fast-forward to
high school and no 5 did nobody want to
be from Wakanda every Nigerian teenage
boy just went by an initial teacher
called enroll uh tall looks hollow I go
by T how many times has someone asked
you if you understood what they were
saying in the beginning of Lion King so
many monkey jokes oh and don't forget
the three infamous words that we have
all heard hurled at us on playgrounds
from coast to coast African booty
scratcher but now you wanna be the
charla now you want to be from what time
now what kind of it now you don't get to
be too shy you don't get to me from what
Conda and to be honest cannot just be
honnest lucky throw can I be honest it
was it was mainly black kids you yeah
y'all was the main ones making fun of us
African see I was the main ones and as
an adult now I get it I read books but
as a child I'm saying as a child it was
so frustrating so you just come soon
it's gonna make fun meanwhile all the
insults also apply to you okay they
don't all right and I felt like as a
young impressionable first-generation
American I never understood why they
attacked me we're wearing the same baby
fat jeans player okay like we're wearing
the same boots with the fur I play my
role I'm trying so hard
well I'm sure kids now still experience
the same sort of teasing that I endured
growing up the truth of the matter is a
girl went to prom with a dye Shiki prom
dress and we all collectively agree that
it was cotton can I tell you ten years
ago prom that would have never happened
what a time to be alive the point of
this video is actually to tell my
African brothers and sisters my internet
cousins watching this that if your story
is similar to my story and you were
teased for being African you have to let
it go let it go
drop it sure they called you African
booty scratcher now it's hash tag
melanin Mondays I know it hurts I know
but you've got to let it go cuz if you
don't you're gonna end up like this guy
tuna wouldn't be my guy I don't want to
be that guy in the comments below I want
you to be honest were you the teased or
the teaser let's reconcile
let's hug it out
okay you're breathing on my neck alright
seemed like everybody wanted me to
challenge this okay I'm not bitter
anymore this is me getting it out it
don't matter when you get here as long
as you get here okay
Umoja no I'm talking about anyway I'll
see you in 2018 for this Black Panther
movie everybody been making jokes about
how the concession stand gonna be lit
alright my plate is going to be an
amalgamation of jollof rice jambalaya
and peel out we all make rice it's all
rice but in the meantime I'll see you on
the internet somewhere bye oh hey didn't
see you there uh-huh anyway um if you
want to watch another magical black
first generation American hit the
annotation up there and watch just call
me woz video called African booty
scratcher a plus if you want to support
a YouTube channel by black girls who are
into Captain America comic books video
games and other nerdy things like such
as hit the annotation again and watch
pretty brown and nerdy on YouTube
see only Africa
