happy Friday it's time to a some guy
thank you hey YouTube world it's me
Evelyn I opened up the floor from my
Instagram cousins to ask me questions
I'm gonna answer about tennis all right
Phil Phil attend several of y'all ask
some variation of when are you going to
do a meet-up
the answer is never with little asterisk
asterisk little star I really don't know
how to communicate this to y'all without
sounding at I play so I'm just gonna say
it I don't know who you are right so off
the bat our encounter will be unbalanced
to come and what what are we going to do
am I supposed to perform for you am I
are you expecting me to tell a joke I
would not meet me I would not drive just
to meet me you have to do an activity
can we do an activity so once I figure
out what that activity can be yeah we
can do a meet-up but I'm not saying meet
me at the park and for what if my
bellybutton was a real button what would
that button do easy press my belly
button big bulgy file shoutout to
christina shout out to Cece if I were to
produce a chapter of this American life
what story would I tell number one
backstory tell me why Stephanie foo
tweeted me saying she liked my Ira Glass
video if you don't listen to this
American life oh and I'll get it you
know part of me wants to tell like the
hard-hitting stories like like who is
the youngest person in the United States
right now serving a life sentence or
could just be something light-hearted
like long-lost loves Oh
Giovanna wants to know what are my
favorite TV shows right now and what I
ever consider acting or being a comedian
I can beyond a shadow of a doubt say
that new girl is hilarious it has not
ceased to be funny and dare I say it's
one of the few shows where every
character is funny to me would I be a
professional actor or a comedian um I
haven't thought too hard about it to be
honest I like this Clarissa wants to
know one of my favorite books what I
write a book Bless Me Ultima
because I love magical realism I do want
to write a nonfiction book the idea of
like reporting on a book for years is
just like I admire those people so much
like a book about like the entire
Afghanistan war like what like what is
that several people asked do I want kids
the answer is I want to be someone's
mother do I want to have them like the
kid is inside me than outside of me I
don't know my first experience with
racism or prejudice I was maybe seven or
eight and one of my friends at the time
she was mixed not with black it was
white and something else and basically
she was like oh my dad says you can't
come over cuz you're black
I was like who's but oh me oh what have
you ever thought of relaxing my hair
again absolutely not I look infinitely
worse with straight hair it ain't no
political reason it's ugly I have like
three pieces of hair and when you go
natural its disguised so you're like oh
my god your hair so coarse so tough so
low it's an afro oh I can't see through
now you can see through my hair nope I
got a good three strands maybe three and
a half on a good month okay so when you
flat iron that out it's a whisper t wisp
blowing in the breeze and that's not
what I want dari wants to know if she
comes to Austin can she sleep on my
couch girl thank you for your service
and everything but once you get up out
the military
holler at your girl oh my god how do I
ride so hard for Austin I personally
don't think I ride for Austin or riding
for Austin means I just live here and
I'm not trying to move does that mean
I'm writing for the city I don't know
feel like you did this question was
directed at me as if I'm like a grown-up
I've only lived in one place as an adult
and this is the one place so when I move
to Atlanta I don't know what's in
Atlanta and then the thing about Houston
is like if you don't have a family what
are you gonna do in Houston you be out
here driving for 75 minutes to grab
coffee with somebody that's it for now
maybe I'll do like a periscope or
Facebook live or whatever social media
things I should be doing but for right
now girl this will do in the common
below go ahead and answer these
questions I'll put them in the video
description box copy and paste them into
comments answer them we'll see you on
the internet somewhere
