y'all I thought that BuzzFeed video was
parody for a clean 15 minutes after I
watched it hey YouTube world it's me
Evelyn
so BuzzFeed recently published a video
titled 27 questions black people have
for black people it was about 2 minutes
some odd seconds of like
microaggressions just like the everyday
little things people do to like question
our humanity and I'm saying without
picking up a book and reading for
context like what is context some of
them are flat-out wrong like black
people always needing a discount first
of all who you know wants to pay full
price
cuz I'm pretty sure hell hath no fury
than a middle-aged white woman with a
coupon book this big and Walmart and
then some of them are just foolish I tea
from my debuts on the freakin I read
first of all probably if your dad is so
good you're probably lit like don't act
like you don't know the answer to that
question but I think the worst part is
the overwhelming majority of those
questions could have been answered with
a smooth Google like an ass Jeeves a
Lycos you know I just ben Carson their
way through that video so I feel like I
can brainstorm I can think of a few more
questions that would fit perfectly why
are there HBCUs can you imagine if there
was like a college and only white people
could attend racist why can't somebody
touch our hair they asked nicely
they put hand sanitizer on I know you
want to check out line at Target but
still you gotta be open sometimes how
come black Twitter is a thing like if
there was a white Twitter
you'd be peeved why do black people
laugh so loud like how dare you're
outwardly expression of joy bounce off
my ear John what do you even have to be
happy about you're black why do we put
hot sauce on everything like are these
three micro crystals of pink Himalayan
salt not enough for you seriously why do
black people refuse to tip it's not like
waiters preempt your lack of tip and
then give you bad service causing you
not to tip that scenario literally never
happens why are black people so lazy
like slavery is over pull yourself up by
your bootstraps you know what I mean and
network why are black people so lazy
like they asked to be introduced to
people and invited things like other
races don't need to network like they
just pull themselves up by their
bootstraps and make moves that was only
seven questions I tried thinking of ten
but almost gagged like my uvula is like
sensitive to the bullish all-in-all
BuzzFeed's video was trash because most
of the questions were just stereotypes
in the US history of slavery and white
supremacy why do black people like
watermelon I'm pretty sure we didn't
write and direct these films side note
ever since kid fury said watermelon
tasted like cold spit
I stopped cold turkey in the comments
below let me know what you thought of
the video it's okay if you disagree with
me okay just don't call nobody out their
name and there won't be none okay see
you on the internet somewhere bye
