dyeing my hair red was the biggest
mistake of my life
it's kind of dramatic but hey he's world
it's me Evelyn back in October I decided
it would be a good idea to resemble a
hot cheeto amongst other things
and while I appreciate the compliments
on my head wraps I do it purely because
I'm ugly underneath I don't maintain the
two most high-maintenance things about
my appearance my hair color and my
haircut girl when the last time I had an
edge up I don't know it's beauty beat
central under here I've dyed my hair
several different colors over the years
and while not all of them were always
intentional in the end I always liked
them but red though no so I wanted to
give you all a peek into the mental
agony that comes with fixing your hair
color first there's a sense of frenzy
since I'm always trying to avoid
bleaching my hair the first step I
always take I'm trying to fix hair color
is a vitamin C rinse I've successfully
tried it with blue hair dye
so maybe it'll work on red I thought to
myself as a doubt clouded my mind and
the results of the vitamin C rinse our
next level in the hair dye regrets
circle of hell is desperation you'll try
anything chuckling Allison
it's not this is why the lather is white
isn't it oh and when that doesn't work
out you reach a level of foolishness
slapping hair dye on top of dyed hair is
nonsensical it'll only cause you more
heartbreak in the future but the
desperation drives you to this point and
for a brief moment actually happy and
here we are altering your looks helps us
express ourselves and exercise our
autonomy over our bodies it's great but
sometimes you end up looking a little
more muppet babies an afro Punk and
that's just a risk you're gonna have to
take this so in the comments tell me of
any beauty disasters you've had I know
y'all got some tragic bang stories some
relaxer burn memories okay I want to
hear it all and I'll see you on the
internet somewhere bye
