you know sometimes I'd like to look up
into the infinite sky and think that
hourglass is watching over me Act one
hey too broad it's me Evelyn I've
written filmed edited and posted a video
every day for the past week so far and
Jaa really seemed to be enjoying my
storytelling shenanigans I mean the
comments are late as they say but I
don't do Veda because it's fun good
because it's not that I do Veda
because Ira Glass told me to and damn it
Ira Glass is my fairy godfather the man
in the mind behind the podcast This
American Life is not the first person to
say something like practice makes
perfect if you have no idea what I'm
talking about watch this video the most
important possible thing you could do is
do a lot of work do a huge volume of
work put yourself on a deadline so that
every week or every month you know
you're going to finish one story that
video I watched that video on a regular
basis because about 70% of the time I
think everything I do is trash garbage
so I use Veda vlog every day in April as
a structured way to get the hell over
myself the idea being that it might not
be good but hey it's made Ira Glass
created this American Life in 1995 there
are over 500 hour-long podcasts of
heartwarming heart-wrenching
thought-provoking nonfiction
storytelling and journalism and I
finally got to see Ira Glass and hear
him speak when he was here for South by
Southwest I sat in that room with bated
breath as I Cinderella who waited for my
fairy godfather to show up and bestow
upon me the blessings I looked to my
fairy godfather for guidance and
encouragement so that I might be
rejuvenated and bring that back to you
and you know what he said don't make
anything you wouldn't consume but don't
let that stop you you have to make the
thing now and make it better
later that first rule your girl got it
down because you know that if I don't
like something I'm not posting it and
that's how I go goes for like three
months at a time that's my forte ah but
number two he got
you got me IRA the only way we can have
our creation match our imagination is if
we just keep making the thing so imma
see y'all tomorrow
against my better against everything
that's within me fam I'm going to see
you tomorrow with another video in the
comments below let me know if you're
participating in Veda this year so I can
watch your videos keep up with you or
you can just let me know what you're
working on you know I'm saying if you
want to put your passion project out on
the internet you don't saying let people
know don't say put your dreams out there
I will hold them in my pocket and keep
them dear okay and I will encourage you
see you tomorrow but between then on the
internet somewhere bye
