would you look at that it's it's not but
I'm gonna ask you for money or anything
even a lot of kids whoops and apparently
my internet cousins do too
because last year we were able to raise
over four thousand dollars for st. Jude
Children's Research Hospital but a
second year in a row I'm teaming up with
the curlbox crew and we will be forming
a national team of magical black girls
in an effort to collectively raise funds
for this year's 2015 st. Jude walk run
to end childhood cancer there are a
bunch of us across the country and I had
the distinct pleasure of being the
Austin Texas captain for the chromebox
team last year was kind of drizzly but
me and my crew had a lot of fun no
matter what crevice of the Internet's
you currently live in I would really
appreciate a financial donation cash
money's technically it's my
responsibility to raise at least $2,000
but seeing as last year y'all hit it out
the park get it out the park blew it off
the water well I have a mental goal in
my mind but for right now let's just
give us an even two stacks just to pop
this this is the part of the video where
I do some basic arithmetic on average I
can expect about 5,000 views per video
you know complaining if those 5,000
views each donated $5
/ mm this line over 20s over 11 that's
over 12 times my goal of $2,000 girl
what this is the part of the video in
which I list a few leisure and or
frivolous things that cost five dollars
vastly demonstrating just how
financially blessed you are and how you
can stand to toss a couple bucks my way
and help me help kids struggling with
serious illness bro the majority of the
water burger menu yes that is including
my favorite number 13 with a chicken
strips with a honey mustard sauce on the
side GABA Oprah chai latte at Starbucks
the Vincey a tortoise venti do I even
know it's under $5 though half of the
average shea moisture product not even
you can't even define all your cup just
half the product five bucks these are
all things I purchased myself and all
things that I can stand to be out just
once and I would hope that after you pay
your electricity and you know what else
all is necessary and you can swing our
way and put a little some some in the
offering plate that's all and if you're
my internet cousin and Austin in the
surrounding Central Texas towns I need
you in the flesh so that you can walk
and/or run I'm gonna be walking would
miss me we're talking about when you
visit the link in the video description
box there's a button that says donate
and the button that says join my team if
he was on my team last year I need you
there if you got a new friend
independent in a year and since I need
them there too your mom's in them your
stepdad I'm sure he's a really nice guy
last year we got to hang out the weekend
before the walk get to know each other a
little bit more better this year I hope
to do the same thing if you are my
Central Texas internet cousin I expect
you to join my team I can't be by myself
fool and I hope that you'll help me the
Kovacs team and say
Jude Children's Research Hospital raise
monies for the Jordans any questions at
all leave them in the comments below and
I will see you on the internet somewhere
bye e today is very difficult for me but
I can say to you that I'm very pleased
to be here with you and this is for a
great cause
