this is Francesca and she's pretty great
mainly cuz she's in touch with her
emotions that says hi uh do you guys
have iced coffee oh oh this place looks
nasty did somebody check the letter code
on the door cuz I don't know about this
this is Shane she keeps francesco away
from trash and trashy people wait what's
our face doing right now do we have
resting bitchface is this totally our
fault
paranoia he makes sure we stay away from
trouble what is it taking so long
this is weariness she's tired a lot I'm
pissed
Terry makes sure were heard I'm cussing
him out hurry
relax and that's me I keep things in
perspective
watch this uh yeah so um gee did you
guys have ice coffee um guys is it just
me or does this whole thing seem a
little racist not again I'm pretty sure
that guy's just busy
yeah busy organizing a Klan rally you
should just go guys you guys look this
white guy isn't getting any service
either what do you say we shoot him a
little you believe this guy look see
this guy gets because he showed basic
human decency you want to buy him some
of those cookies too girl good night
can't we just go home and watch scandal
guys hey man sorry about that what would
you like this guy is officially the most
racist barista in America wrap his cheer
up them everybody gonna become a hashtag
relax I'm not putting up with this cops
are gonna come and they're gonna catch
us Bagga T ass
it's because we're black look oh sorry I
think she was here first
I'm sorry miss what would you like see
we are officially living in a
post-racial America
hope and change mmm um just a regular
coffee is fine
finally coffee you guys it is that
called it yeah ever did doing never know
how you did it
Thanks it's important to remain hopeful
but seriously that guy
