this is an actual thing a white person
can buy as a person of color there's
actually a huge array of products and
activities that are just not for you
it's a white white white world and we
get to live in it you basically won like
the racial lottery with that lack of
melanin here's a few things white people
take for granted like flesh colored
band-aids that actually resemble flesh
this is a nude bra I don't even think I
know white people that are this color
this is the darkest I could find I
funked out of algebra twice and everyone
was shocked that's racist white people
can change their hair and surprisingly
no one feels a need to touch it they
just creep in real slow and I feel like
oh no what I'm doing Bruce Lee karate up
in here I'm in Trader Joe's another
thing that white people totally take for
granted they can own gun shaped fins
this is a gun-shaped flashdrive gun
shaped knives it's already a knife why
is it shaped like a gun like a
five-pointed see that's weird like that
I could tell that was uncomfortable for
us I would totally get shot if I was
just putting this right into my macbook
air and white people get to be on money
as if you don't see their faces
everywhere else they call them dead
presidents but some of these guys are
just dead white guys like this guy who
is that
president number nothing all we have is
a second we appoint was a big splash and
then it slowly started disappearing much
like the Native American population
wizards
dwarves elves not one single Korean in
the whole pho there's room to throw in
you know like I don't know a Latino
Hobbit would be fun their cuisine would
be so much more dynamic why people can
have full-length arguments with cops are
you out of your mind did you not see me
out the light you crazy son of a bitch I
know dude who messed up a handshake
Spanish guy had a move out of the
neighborhood that didn't really happen
but it sounds like it could be this is
comfortable no one's gonna shoot me
is not a language they get on the dance
floor charming when they look stupid
this is what privilege looks like on a
white person are you a white person that
takes things for granted do you feel
like this video took you for granted
leave us a gun-shaped comment below
don't worry we'll know who it's from the
only person of color who gets beyond any
money is sec jo eya
you know and and her baby how the baby
get to be on there do you even know who
that baby is what the baby do maybe
didn't do anything okay
