why do alarm bells go off whenever
people talk about how black people just
love fried chicken and watermelon hey
friends it's Francesca here to confirm
once and for all that yes
everyone loves fried chicken um the
chances are you've heard the black
people fried chicken and watermelon
stereotype before recently a prom
proposal went viral on Twitter because
apparently the correct way to ask a
black guy to prom is to woo him with
fried chicken and racism question mark
now let's get this straight there's
nothing wrong with liking fried chicken
or watermelon I mean there are 4,000
KFC's in China and watermelon is quite
possibly the most perfect fruit mmm oh
my god but no black person is safe from
this stereotype Tiger Woods's at fried
chicken dinner comments thrown his way
by two separate pro golfers and in 2014
the Boston Herald came under fire for
running a political cartoon asking
President Obama about watermelon
toothpaste so if everyone loves fried
chicken and watermelon and not just
black people where the heck do these
stereotypes even come from let's start
with fried chicken from the late
18-hundreds onward fried chicken was
used to portray black people as savages
films like Birth of a Nation and Jim
Crow imagery seen in cartoons postcards
and ads featured black people as rowdy
barbaric slaves gleefully eating chicken
with their bare hands fried chicken
became the go-to way to make black
people look like animals but the savage
chicken loving black person wasn't just
a stereotype of the distant past until
the late 1950s there was a successful
restaurant chain literally called the
Coon chicken in no that's that's not
cool and watermelon was used to show
black people as lazy and simple
postcards cartoons books and
advertisements featuring black folks
happily eating watermelon in spite of
slavery the idea being white people
don't need rights they're happy just as
long as they have some watermelon hmm
tastes like oppression so are we just
supposed to stop eating certain foods
because of history of course not
but when homegirl asked her black
classmate to prom using fried chicken
and this that's almost like saying will
you go to prom with me you lazy savage
animal oh not cute look when you
automatically link fried chicken and
watermelon with black people you're
bringing all that baggage along
with it even if you don't realize it but
it's also important remember that not
every stereotype is created equally take
for example white girls and Starbucks
now not every white girl loves Starbucks
mmm nonfat skinny mocha latte no whip so
good but that joke isn't keeping anyone
from having equal rights the difference
is when you mix stereotypes prejudice
discrimination and institutional power
like schools government police and laws
those elements combined is what makes a
stereotype racist so next time you're
heading out to lunch or you need
something for your barbeque you don't
have to skip the fried chicken or
watermelon just make sure you're not
doing it because black people are gonna
be there the only reason that you need
is because it's delicious mmm okay yes
can you think of any other food
stereotypes school me in the comments
and don't forget to subscribe and if you
want more information there are tons of
great links in the description box see
you next Wednesday well it was dope hmm
yes
