do you ever wonder how 20-somethings on
TV are able to hang out with their
friends in the middle of the day
spend all their time in a bar fly to a
wedding in Italy and still pay their
rent and student loans on time because
that's impossible in the real world the
past few years have shown some progress
towards addressing the lack of racial
and ethnic diversity in Hollywood but
there's one representation issue that's
been ignored for a while and that's
class working class and lower class
lifestyles are rarely depicted
accurately in media or film if at all
and when about one-third of Americans
identify as working-class and about 15%
live below the poverty line we shouldn't
ignore the economic realities for those
in lower income brackets and to help me
explain why this asperity between
Hollywood and reality matters I've
invited my friend Gabe Gonzalez thanks
for an Cheska first let's be clear about
what we mean when we say class it's not
a judgment value but a way to explain
how our economy and culture are
stratified the problem with movies and
TV is that it seems like just about
everybody lives in a world where money
and time are no object but not only is
it dishonest about the way most
Americans live it sets unrealistic
expectations let's take a look at some
of the worst offenders have you ever
noticed how big the house is on TV our
I'm not just talking spacious I'm
talking two mortgages and decades of
debt huge this makes sense if we're
talking about a show like fresh prints
but when almost every TV show puts the
average American family and the most
unrealistic digs ever I'm not buying it
literally nobody I know could afford
that house the home were modern family
shot their Series recently sold for 2.3
million dollars which would be a down
payment of almost half a million bucks
anyone want to explain how the Dunphy
parents keep paying that mortgage with
three kids and only one working parent
Phil Dunphy is not a bumbling real
estate agent Phil Dunphy
is the LeBron James of LA real estate
the crew friends on How I Met Your
Mother take turns living in a
two-bedroom that would probably cost at
least $3,000 or more a month based on
location which might seem doable if
you're splitting it with someone but any
New Yorker will tell you the sheer size
of that Upper West Side Manhattan
apartment is a more epic fantasy than
Game of Thrones if you want to rent the
friend's apartment in Manhattan without
the convenient rent control it would
probably cost over $5,000 a month
ask any barista or line cook in New York
and that's definite
we out of their price range Rachel and
Monica wouldn't even be able to afford
just rent if they both worked 80 hours a
week or how about the fact that Lorelai
on Gilmore Girls works as the manager of
an inn and can afford a 2.8 million
dollar home and yet she's constantly
upset at her wealthy parents for helping
her out financially thanks for paying
for a lifestyle that I an adult can in
no way afford Mom and Dad I still hate
you now at least part of Hollywood's
poor job at representing class diversity
can be explained by technicalities
traditional TV shows and Hollywood
movies generally require a location big
enough to accommodate equipment lights
and crew that's especially true for
anything filmed on a studio set in front
of an audience and look I get it TV and
film is always a little larger than life
everyone likes something pretty to look
at but the problem isn't one particular
show it's that in aggregate we're
misrepresenting what lower-income life
is like and it wasn't even always the
case shows like the honeymooners are all
in the family not only tackled issues
regarding class and income but took
place in living rooms that actually
looked like they belonged to Americans
who worked for a living and money issues
were often major plot points that came
up frequently even into the 90s things
were a little better on Roseanne both
parents struggled to hold down a job
amid a recession they dressed ate and
lived like people with real-world costs
fast-forward to today and we've got
sitcoms like 2 broke girls we're broke
apparently means you can work as a
waitress while owning a horse affording
a giant apartment and working toward
your dream of opening a cupcake shop and
sure it's an absurd comedy that
sometimes satirizes privileged but it
also speaks to our shifting ideas of
what qualifies as broke and if you
haven't left a comment already by now
you're probably thinking it's just TV
who cares
well false depictions of what middle or
working-class people look like can
actually have an impact on our own self
perception as well as our perception of
people living in poverty or
working-class conditions this impact
starts at an early age a 2016 study from
Duke University shows that children's
movies overwhelmingly mischaracterized
poverty and class struggle at a 67 main
character surveyed only 16% would
qualify as working-class and only 4%
would be considered poor the same
research says by age 12 children of RTL
concrete ideas about class difference
such as the misguided ideas that poor
people are inherently lazy or rich
people are inherently smarter very not
true
you gotta I've met some rich people this
is especially why our depictions of
money problems matter when poverty or
working-class lifestyles are shown
exclusively as a personal failure we
start to imagine financial stability is
only a reflection of your character
working-class loves like Homer on The
Simpsons or dub on the king of queens
are often depicted as lazy men
complacent with their class status it's
easier for us to accept their supposed
failures because they deserve it they
simply haven't worked hard enough or
don't want to accept that class mobility
has been falling for decades and
systemic factors like wage stagnation a
globally competitive workforce and the
rising cost of college affect the
finances of millions of Americans it's
easier and less scary to stereotype
working-class people as lazy an
interested in education or careless with
money this casual stereotype reflects
another social belief that can impact
young people for life as early as h5
research shows that living in a
low-income household can become a major
cause of stress shame and other social
or emotional problems
conversely children from wealthy
households who don't achieve the kind of
academic or social success that's
expected of their class status can also
experience shame or anxiety and look not
every show needs to tackle the truths
behind class division and economic
inequality but when almost 63 percent of
Americans say their one paycheck away
from living in poverty there's less
dividing the haves and the have-nots in
this country than we'd like to think we
do a disservice to individuals
experiencing financial hardship when we
reduce their real-life struggle to a
stereotype thanks Gabe for better or
worse media plays a role in how we
understand class and poverty but that
work also has to continue in everyday
conversations talking about money issues
shouldn't be taboo because we can't fix
a problem if we don't acknowledge it
exists special thanks to Gabe with dolls
for helping out this week thanks for
watching we'll see you next time right
here on decoded
you
