let's do little lane Daniel Radcliffe
Aziz Ansari Jesse Eisenberg and Kevin
Hart all have in common they're all 5
foot 7 or shorter so why doesn't
Hollywood want us to know they're short
because short men are generally seen as
less desirable by society it's what's
known as height ISM which is when you
discriminate against people based on
well their height and because of gender
norms height is the most commonly
targets shorter than average men and is
typically accepted by society right
Tyler that's right
am I in the frame it's unfortunately the
truth personally about half of the women
I match with on dating apps turn me down
when they find out I'm 5'4 Wow but Oh
dumb so women's high preference is far
stronger than men there's even a Twitter
account of all the awful things said the
short guys undated and it's not just
straight people even short gay men say
they wouldn't date another short guy the
height is emisn just about dating in
general tall men are seen as more
likeable and assumed to be better
leaders
studies show that on average tall men
also earned significantly more money and
male CEOs as a group are ridiculously
tall less than 4% of men in the US are
over 6 foot 2 but when it comes to
fortune 500 CEOs 30 percent are 62 or
taller the being short doesn't mean you
can't be successful just ask Mark
Zuckerberg or Kevin Hart and there are
advantages to being short we're more
nimble because our reflexes go to the
brain faster so short people are
typically better at martial arts skating
snowboarding and best of all we live
longer I'm gonna die yep special thanks
to comedian Tyler Fisher thanks for
watching we'll see you next time right
here on decoded
