when something's wrong with your summons
you go to the doctor when something's
wrong with your mind you don't okay so I
have good news and bad news the good
news is today we're going to tackle
something that affects people regardless
of their race gender class religion or
sexual orientation prey the bad news
that thing is mental health stigma which
often prevents people from getting the
help that they need the opposite of
array so considering that about one in
five Americans deal with mental health
issues
let's look at some a stigma that need to
go stigma number one only those kind of
people have issues let's say many of
these sound familiar mental health
issues that's an excuse for losers yeah
except Cara Delevingne has openly talked
about her issues with anxiety and David
Beckham has talked about his OCD so an
incredibly successful model actress and
one of the planet's best athletes are
losers clearly having mental health
issues doesn't mean you can't be
successful Thanks but we all know mental
health problems are really white problem
except Kid Cudi Alicia Keys Kendrick
Lamar and Eva Longoria have all talked
about their struggles with depression so
no okay but when teenagers say that
stuff they're clearly exaggerating well
except that Demi Lovato has opened up
about how she's had suicidal thoughts as
early as age 7 and was diagnosed with
bipolar disorder at 19 look over 40
million Americans suffer from mental
health conditions every year and these
issues can happen to you whether you're
black white asian Latino attractive
unattractive rich poor male female young
or old which basically covers you know
everyone big not number two having
serious mental health issues makes you
violent do mental health issues cause
people to be violent short answer no
long answer no
all research shows that people with
mental health issues are no more likely
to be violent than the general
population and that only three to five
percent of violent acts in the u.s. can
be attributed to people living with
serious mental illness so why does this
idea continue to stick around well
hackie Hollywood screenwriters can
definitely take some of the credit for
this one from Hitchcock's Psycho to M
night Shyamalan split Hollywood loves to
write about violent villains motivated
by the mental health disorder de jour
one tiny problem with this trope it is
almost entirely backwards people with
severe mental illnesses are over 10
times more likely to be victims of
violent crime than the general
population so to all current aspiring
Hollywood screenwriters please do your
homework okay thanks stigma number 3
this isn't real you just need to snap
out of it well first of all don't you
think of people suffering from mental
health issues could just snap out of it
they would most likely attrex disorders
develop at least in part due to an
underlying genetic predisposition and/or
a chemical imbalance within the brain
and what makes mental health issues
difficult is unlike say a broken leg the
symptoms may not always be visible to
the untrained observer but that doesn't
mean they're not real so just like you
wouldn't tell someone with a broken leg
to just walk it off people can't just
shake off conditions like depression now
of course the flip side of this is Sigma
number four all you really need wrong
well I'm not going badmouth love because
for many people with mental health
issues a lot of family and friends is a
big part of recovery but it's not a
cure-all for example the popular series
13 reasons why is a story of uncovering
the reasons why a depressed young girl
committed suicide in it we hear
heartbreaking lines like I cost a girl
her life because I was afraid to love
her and we all killed Hannah Baker which
no I can give you a hundred reasons why
neither of those things are true
Hollywood just talked about this look we
should always aim to love and care for
people going through a hard time but
people with serious mental health issues
such as severe depression and by the way
90 percent of people who commit suicide
are suffering from mental health issues
need professional help and sometimes
they need medication as much as you'd
like to
you can't just love someone out of
rushon or post-traumatic stress disorder
which brings us to Sigma number five
there's no cure for mental health issues
well that's not really true for many
mental health disorders even some of the
most severe there are treatments that
work and everyone's process is different
for me
I've managed my depression and anxiety
through things like therapy meditation
and fitness but that doesn't mean I'm
cured because that implies a total and
complete reversal and sometimes I still
get depressed but now I have tools to
work through it which is why
professionals prefer the term recovery
because mental health is a process and
here's the thing if you think you need
help define a better mental space go for
it
there's absolutely no shame in asking
for help and if you or someone you know
is struggling with mental health issues
check the description box for links to
resources at mtv's look different and
their partnership with half of us thanks
for watching we'll see you in two weeks
right here on decoded
you
