poor people lazy right wrong today we're
going to debunk five common and super on
myths about poverty in the u.s. myth one
poor people are just lazy if they worked
harder they wouldn't be poor
sure let's just generalize every poor
person and blame them for the systemic
and institutional barriers that
contribute to their poverty okay let's
bust this myth the majority of Americans
in poverty actually worked one or more
jobs and nearly 6 million Americans
currently working part-time jobs
wish they had full-time jobs oh and who
caused the massive job losses of the
Great Recession of 2008 in Ghent not
more people not to mention since the
1970s wages have basically stagnated
while life has gotten much more
expensive also we should probably keep
in mind that 35% of the poor who don't
work are actually children the elderly
and the disabled people who often can't
work so our little Suzie being three
isn't an excuse miss to if poor people
just laid off the booze and drugs they
wouldn't be born I'm going to let my
friend Trey handle this one look it's
not like using drugs turns you poor if
that happened then half of Hollywood to
be living in a cardboard box drug and
alcohol abuse is an issue for some poor
people but it's not a major cause of
poverty in past few years several states
including my home state of Tennessee
have actually implemented a system of
drug testing for welfare applicants
exactly because of this stereotype and
guess what they found across the board
they found that applicants living at or
below the poverty line actually have a
lower rate of drug use in the population
at large
turns out drugs are expensive who knew
so it's not helping anybody and it's a
solution to a problem that doesn't exist
here's an idea maybe we should start
drug testing the rich people who come up
with these laws in the first place oh
wait that's right
the Supreme Court has already ruled that
it's literally unconstitutional to drug
test members of Congress and applicants
for political office because that makes
sense mr. e if poor people just studied
harder and went to college they'd be
fine look I'm all for working hard and
going to college but
education isn't a poverty puerile the
biggest problem is that miss country
public schools are largely funded by
local taxes which means high poverty
districts have less money to spend per
student than wealthier districts 15.6
percent less exact so poor neighborhoods
have poorer schools which means lower
rates of success for for students making
it much tougher to 16 and let's not
forget that the overall cost of college
of increased one thousand one hundred
and twenty percent since nineteen
seventy eight and a degree doesn't mean
you'll be rolling in dough poor people
face so many educational hurdles thank
college college college isn't really
helpful thanks for trying though miss
for most poor people are the black in
the inner-city okay no most poor people
in the u.s. aren't black actually most
poor people in the u.s. look and a lot
of them sound like me I mean it's true
that the rate of poverty for black
people in America is disproportionately
higher but the actual number of poor
people way more white people part of the
reason a stereotype persist is because
anytime four people are presented in the
media it's usually poor black people in
the cities in this stereotype sucks for
everybody
black people are made out to be
something that they're really not and
poor white people aren't cared about it
all the only time a camera ever shows up
in places where I'm problem is if
they're to filming up a set of cops so
basically the media is racist and
classist
what else is there mid side be poor in
America is better than being for
anywhere else okay now try to follow
along just because poverty is had
somewhere else doesn't mean being poor
in America is good
there are 1.5 million American
households living on less than $2 per
person a day that's below the global
extreme poverty line 13 million children
in America live in households that lack
the means to get enough nutritious food
on a regular basis and they live much
shorter life guess what they import just
stuff no matter where you live the
important thing to remember here is that
the in core is not a moral failing it
doesn't mean you're any less
hard-working or any less deserving of
reaching your dreams and maybe the
sooner we realize that the sooner we can
start finding better ways to pull people
out of
thanks for watching we'll see you next
time right here on decoded and special
thanks to Trey Crowder otherwise known
as the liberal redneck for helping out
you
