are the terms cracker white-trash and
redneck races who came up with these
phrases
often when we talk about white privilege
a common rebuttal is I can't be
privileged I grew up poor or tell that
to a homeless person but being
disadvantaged in one area doesn't negate
privilege in others white privilege
doesn't erase the existence of poor
white people or the challenges they face
due to their class nor did discussions
of white privilege erase the harmful
stereotypes about being poor and white
take for example the terms cracker white
trash or redneck all of these terms have
been aggressively used by a white
upper-class to insult a white underclass
while these terms have become racialized
over time they have a classist origin
that goes way back let's start with
cracker while linguistic history is
always murky recent research has shown
that miss 16 and 1700s British
aristocrats used cracker as a shortened
version of cracked brains or idle headed
to disparage lower-class people as dumb
and lazy
it was then imported to colonial America
and used by wealthy elites to disparage
poor whites a letter to the Earl of
Dartmouth said I should explain to your
lordship what is meant by crackers
they are lawless set of rascals on the
frontiers of Virginia Maryland the
Carolinas and Georgia who often changed
their places of abode basically it was a
way to disparage people as lazy lawless
and most importantly landless which is a
hoity-toity way of saying poor so this
term was started by rich white people to
disparage poor white people it was all
about them being poor not about them
being white hashtag historical context
matters the term was later used by
african-american slaves and northern
sympathizers as a short version of whip
cracker in reference to the
whip-wielding plantation workers so yes
the word cracker was racialized but the
slaves weren't oppressing for white
people by using the term because they
were still slaves
hashtag historical context still matters
white trash shows up next it's believed
to have originated in Baltimore in the
1820s as a way for southern house slaves
to disparage poor whites but it gained
popularity in the 1850s as a catch-all
phrase that replaced other weird
old-timey insults for poor whites such
as sand Hiller's and clay eaters white
trash was stigmatizing and meant to draw
a line between real white people who
owned the best land and people and the
riffraff who lived on wastelands
redneck fits in with these terms to
appear in the late 1800s it was used to
insult farmers in the south who usually
had sunburned necks from being outside
all day and you know having to work you
worker why don't you don't work some
more all of these terms are rooted in
classism and since classism and racism
often go hand in hand you might be
wondering why didn't this oppressed
underclass of poor white people join
forces with the oppressed black people
well at one time they actually did and
the white elites were terrified that
these groups would eventually overthrow
the existing power structure because
that almost happened during Bacon's
Rebellion white property owner Nathaniel
bacon united slaves indentured servants
and poor whites in an uprising against
the upper-class
together they burned down the Virginia
Capitol bacon bring people together
since the beginning of time they
eventually lost but instead of realizing
what oppressing people was horrible and
that everyone deserved to be treated
like a human being the upper class
instead stopped having white servants
altogether and only relied on slaves to
make matters worse they literally
invented militia jobs for poor white
people to police slaves as Michelle
Alexander points out in her book the new
Jim Crow has not only eliminated the
risk of an alliance between black slaves
and poor whites but it also meant poor
whites
suddenly had a direct stake in the
race-based system of slavery poor whites
weren't any better off but hey at least
they weren't black and unfortunately
this strategy has worked for most of
American history yep so are terms like
cracker white trash and redneck racist
well no they've been racialized but
they're not racist they were created and
used by rich white people to disparage
poor white people not because they were
white but because they were poor and
while racism and classism often overlap
racial prejudice frequently exists
outside of class remember you can change
your class but you can't change your
race wealthy and accomplished people of
color still encounter racism just a few
years ago multi-billionaire Oprah
Winfrey was an upscale shop in
Switzerland and was told she probably
couldn't afford one of the pricey
handbag she was looking at that's
because the shop attendant just saw a
black woman in the store and not
Oprah but look I'm not giving anyone a
pass on name-calling even though these
insults aren't racist it doesn't mean
they aren't hurtful and that's because
they promote a long history of
class-based bias classism of a decline
is divisive and takes attention away
from the real problem that people are
still struggling all over while the rich
get richer thanks so much for watching
we'll see you next time right here on
decoded
