why do people still make excuses for
slavery I think we know the answer we
talk about race a lot on this show but
thanks to our current election cycle
apparently we have to go back to the
beginning to shed some light in the
myths people use to justify slavery
never thought I'd have to say that
excuse number one slaves were well fed
aka the Bill O'Reilly defense Michelle
Obama took a moment during her epic DNC
speech to remind everyone that the first
family wakes up at a house built by
slaves every day which succinctly drove
home the point of how far we've come
when it comes to race in America she
also unknowingly cleared the stage for
Fox News host and human fart bag Bill
O'Reilly to defend slavery he said the
slaves who helped with the White House
were housed and well fed this argument
is similar to some masters treated their
slaves well or how slave wasn't so bad
but here's the thing this argument is
immaterial as in it doesn't matter
these people were stolen from their
homes and families and enslave if aliens
abducted your brother sister and fair an
uncle and stuck a feeding tube down
their throats while forcing them to
build their emperor's house would you
think well at least the aliens fed my
family I don't think so excuse number
two slaves were happy to have work look
you wouldn't forego a day's pay just
because your boss brought in some
cupcakes but you want me to believe that
slaves were thankful for the racist
undermining of their body mind and soul
news flash although you might hate your
job slavery isn't employment it wasn't
voluntary and it has no comparison to
working at a job being forcibly taken
from your home put your shackle on a
disease infested ship and forced to do
hard labor from sunrise to sunset is not
the same thing as clocking in at
Starbucks
okay employment is a voluntary position
that results in a negotiated paycheck
that you can use however you want
slavery is forced labor you have no
autonomy no pay and are subjected to
unspeakable violence at the hands of
people
who undermine and devalue your basic
humanity excuse number three well
America wasn't the only country that had
slavery it's historically 100 percent
correct that many different types of
people have been enslaved all over the
world Brazil for example has a heinous
history of slavery and the majority of
Africans in the transatlantic slave
trade were sent there but that doesn't
mean you can excuse American slavery by
comparison even if slavery was common
practice when America was doing it it
doesn't make it right
slavery is bad and it was always bad
everywhere no matter who's doing it
excuse number four well the Irish in
America were slaves too no they were not
we actually already covered this take a
look and high-five to us we're having so
much foresight we knew y'all would try
to use this one again class let's say
this one together persecution is bad but
not the same as slavery excuse number
five Africans
sold their own people into slavery this
one is also historically true but that
doesn't absolve European and American
slavery or make it okay it just means
that West Africans also have a history
to reckon with just like us and every
modern celebrity that thinks blackface
is a joke and look all of this is kind
of weird considering that most families
living in America today immigrated here
after slavery was made illegal and even
when it was legal only a tiny percentage
of people ever owned slaves so why does
anyone still try and excuse or downplay
slavery we've got some theories and they
cut pretty deep
many of our founding fathers and the
people most likely to have had the means
to own slaves are mythologized as great
and pure leaders and admitting the
horribleness of slavery means admitting
that white supremacy was an important
part of our nation's origin and while
slavery officially ended 150 years ago
it informed the next 150 years of
systemic racism and equality that still
plagues us today the blatant forms of
racism we still see today from
disenfranchised and black voters to
police brutality are rooted in the fact
that people were brought here against
their will and treated like they were
subhuman that our country has never
we reckoned with it we have a Holocaust
Museum in Washington DC because the
world forced Germany to answer for the
atrocities that they subjected Jewish
people to and millions of other ethnic
groups during World War two and it
serves as a permanent reminder of that
fact meanwhile we don't have a national
museum dedicated to exploring slavery
because America keeps trying to sweep it
under the proverbial rug and insist that
generations of African Americans
couldn't possibly be affected by slavery
in the long term even though the exact
opposite has proven true we can't keep
ignoring and mythologizing slavery
just because facing it head-on makes us
feel bad part of the healing comes from
facing it the other part of the healing
comes from turning off Bill O'Reilly but
that's a totally different video thanks
for watching we'll see you next time
right here on decoded
