if you've ever heard someone say but
what about black-on-black crime we've
got you covered
scrolling through your Facebook feed
you'll probably see articles and
arguments about black lives matter a lot
of people are mad or just confused about
this movement so here our responses to
four questions you might hear when
talking about black lives matter
oh so you care about black lives then
why aren't you talking about
black-on-black crime
first off this assumes that the black
community isn't worried about gun
violence which is it true for example
ceasefire in Chicago is an organization
that actually intervenes in local street
and gang fights there's even a
documentary about them called the
interrupter black lives matter isn't
just about the loss of life which is
always terrible it's with the lack of
consequences when black lives are taken
at the hands of the police when a
civilian has committed a violent crime
they're generally arrested tried and
then convicted conversely there's a lot
of evidence that it's very rare to
secure an indictment against a police
officer for excessive force and an
indictment is just a trial it's not even
a conviction also black on black crime
isn't a thing 84 percent of white murder
victims were killed by another white
person but we don't call it white on
white crime that's because our
communities are still very segregated so
if you have the misfortune of being the
victim of a crime the perpetrator will
most likely look like you so why do
people always bring up black on black
crime because it's a diversion they're
trying to prove black citizens don't
have the right to be outraged about
police violence because their
communities have a crime problem but the
truth is black people are not more
violent or more likely to commit crimes
than anyone else the reality is because
of a history of institutional racism
black communities have higher poverty
rates suffer from poorly funded schools
and are more likely to be targeted by
police so are you saying blue lives
don't matter of course the lives of cops
matter that's why if you kill a police
officer you are rightly arrested and
prosecuted but saying blue lives matter
effectively loves a profession in the
same category as a marginalized group of
people becoming a police officer is an
occupation it's a choice
it's not something you're born into and
most importantly advocating for citizens
is not anti-cop the job of police
officers is to protect and serve all
communities if that's not happening we
need to reassess and find a solution
you're saying only black lives matter
that's racist we've talked about this
before but this movement is not saying
black lives matter more than anyone
else's it's saying black lives should
matter but the way that our justice
system our media and our police have
been operating suggests that they do not
it's totally okay for a movement to
focus on issues specific to one
marginalized group gay bars are unfair
to street people a Breast Cancer Walk
isn't unfair to other forms of cancer
and save the rainforest isn't saying you
hate all other trees to quote one law
professors letter the subtext of black
lives matter is because of the
brutalizing and killing of black people
at the hands of the police and the
indifference of society in general and
the criminal justice system in
particular it is important that we say
black lives matter but what about the
white victims of police violence there's
way more of them yes there are more
white people killed by police officers
than black people but when you look
proportionately within the populations
black Americans are 2.5 times as likely
as white Americans to be shot and killed
by police officers black men make up
just 6% of the nation's population but
of all the unarmed people shot and
killed by police in 2015 40% of them
were black men those numbers are tragic
if an unarmed citizen is killed by the
police or an armed citizen is killed
under suspicious circumstances people
should be upset no matter what the
victims race this isn't the competition
sadly police violence is a problem in
many communities but bringing up other
victims to discredit the black lives
matter movement is pretty disingenuous
if you really believe that police
violence is a problem you should support
black lives matter as well as other
organizations fighting for victims and
their families I know these
conversations are hard but they're
necessary if we want to move forward
thanks for watching and we'll see you
next time right here on decoded
