people have actually said to me are you
mixed with something you don't even look
black you have pretty big eyes for an
Asian person is that really your nose
what white beauty standards are when
whiteness is the default and it becomes
the cultural ideal for beauty it's
usually a slim nose having light skin
big eyes long lashes and hair that is
the absolute opposite of mine what wild
is that if you're white you might not
even see it because it's so pervasive so
this shade is nude spoiler alert
not all of us look like this when we're
naked ooh nude colored stockings I mean
not for me but for somebody for sure so
this is eyelid tape or a charm charming
because you can finally get those
Western eyes you've always wanted this
is fair and lovely skin lightening cream
look at how sad this lady is at the back
she's so sad that she's brown first she
was sad in dark skin and now she's
scientifically more marketable oh this
is apparently if you use this you can
change your race like this is not a book
horn hat it really starts to make you
feel like you don't belong like who you
are is different and not acceptable
there's even a phrase within black
communities called good hair and good
hair is hair that is not kinky not
difficult to comb and more closely
mirrors the silky or soft hair of a
white person there is absolutely nothing
wrong with my natural hair and I
remember when I was in college and I
started my locs my uncle told me that
there was no way I was gonna get a job
with my nappy hair was really messed up
is I'm pretty sure he was trying to help
me when I would interview I'd always
pull my hair back and then I would show
up for my first day like this so then I
think take a picture of me just like
this is this could be on my ID even
globally white beauty standards are a
huge thing if you travel to China
there's also just like white people on
the billboards for like Chinese clothing
lines which is very weird even in my own
family people point out that my brother
like a little bit darker skin than me
why does that matter if it was like a
white family and one of the kids was
Tanner no one would give a crap about
that I have a family photo where it
looks like they put the worst Instagram
whitening filter on us and just turned
it whiter and weirdly blurry all right
now if you don't believe me that white
beauty's Danzer thing let's play a
little game do a google image search for
a beautiful woman let's see here white
woman white woman behind wall we got
blondes we got brunettes takes a while
but you finally see a redhead there
really is still nobody this is crazy
I see Jennifer Lopez does she count now
Google Image Search unprofessional
hairstyle a significantly larger
percentage of black ladies I like that
one I've had that one another black
women black women black women black
women this girl's hair is really cute a
problem is that all of these social
messages you get about what is and who
is beautiful influences who you think is
beautiful
representation matters and it matters
because we can raise an entire
generation of people who don't carry
this cultural baggage with them without
representation on a subconscious level
you don't think you matter as much and
so we have to see different
representations of beauty and women of
color and womanhood so that we can know
that who we are is just fine like legit
two-degree people's legs that's crazy
let's search beautiful woman on Baidu
which is Chinese Google you had still a
lot of white women
