have you ever wondered why we call white
people Caucasian
the answer is surprising like you know
what the show is about most people know
the definition of Caucasian as a white
skinned person of European descent right
not really outside of America white
people generally aren't seen as
Caucasian at all why because almost
every country has a different definition
for Caucasian a person from the Caucasus
region which in case you're wondering is
actually right over here with parts of
Russia Georgia Armenia Azerbaijan and
northern Turkey so why has Caucasian
become synonymous with all white people
well buckle your seatbelts cuz things
are about to get pretty racist a century
before Hitler's rise to power
there was another German man who
believed white people were the perfect
race Christoph minors who is one of the
earliest adopters of scientific racism
now hold on cuz it's about to get really
unscientific
- believes that Caucasians aka the
actual people from that region between
Russia and Turkey had quote the widest
most blooming and most delicate skin
in fact he viewed every non Caucasian
race as ugly and fury er immoral and
animal-like he also believed people from
the Middle East and Asia had little
intelligence and were predispositioned
to be evil then German scientist Johann
blumenbach added to this emerging
definition blumenbach believed that the
Caucasus region was home to the most
beautiful race of men the people of
Georgia and what made the Georgian
people so beautiful
well this creepy guy had a huge
collection of human skulls and as the
245 the Georgian skull was his favorite
did I mention that he had a collection
of 245 human skulls
so this weirdo using no science at all
decided that all of humanity must have
come from this region spoiler alert
we didn't he also decided that all
light-skinned people from Europe belong
to the same race Caucasian then he's
with the rest of the world into four
other races which he referred to as
degenerate forms of God's original
creation sounds like fun guy those other
races were Mongolia
the yellow race Malayan the brown race
Ethiopian the black race and American
the red race lumen box racial
classifications went on to be adopted by
the newly formed United States because
of course it did it helped our founding
fathers justify things like slavery and
selective immigration quotas but that
was a long time ago right so why does
the word caucasian persist while other
old-timey racial categories like
mongoloid negroid have disappeared
well there seems to be a few reasons
that are a little intertwined in America
there's a long legal history of the word
the Supreme Court has actually used
Caucasian in 64 cases including one from
1928 that is key during the 1920s only
free whites or Caucasians were allowed
to become naturalized citizens in 1928
Bhagat Singh Thind an Indian man who
fought for the u.s. in World War 1 tried
to become a US citizen by arguing that
many anthropologists defined Indians as
Caucasians after a major legal battle
the Supreme Court decided that Caucasian
really only meant white Europeans this
decision legally codified the modern
American definition of Caucasian as
White's with European ancestry
why else you don't exactly know for sure
but one reason I think Caucasian is
likely stuck around is because of its
power language is one of the most
systematic subtle and significant
vehicles for spreading racial ideology
and Caucasian implies that white people
are different from other racial groups
in America it makes it seem like white
people are somehow connected in a way
that's not just based in the
pigmentation of their skin it even
sounds kind of scientific even though
it's really really not so were you
surprised by the history of the word
Caucasian sound off in the comments
below and we'll see you next week right
here on decoded like Marcus he thought
he was definitely getting in because he
was black nope that's just out how
affirmative action works you and Marcus
may as well blip at $75 applications he
on fire and if you really want to get
upset meet Bradley he's a legacy Bradley
got him because his dad and Grandpa both
went to school here
