when it comes to racism don't worry
America we're not the only ones here at
Dakota's were all about examining the
intersection of race and pop culture and
interesting and funny ways but because
I'm American
this show is largely from an American
perspective which isn't necessarily a
bad thing except week after week we get
comment along the lines of why is
America so obsessed with race or so glad
I don't live in America we don't have
racism like that here as wonderful as it
would be to have a country without
racism those just don't exist in reality
racial inequality is a global issue so
let's take a little tour number one
China around 92% of China's population
is considered part of one ethnic group
known as Han Chinese and the rest are
ethnic minorities and generally speaking
homogeneity isn't so good for racial
attitudes anti-black sentiment in China
surged in the 80s when the Chinese
government gave scholarships to African
students in China a lot of Chinese
citizens hated their government giving
money to foreigners and so began a slew
of anti African protests all over China
another slightly stranger example of
anti black attitudes is that several
Chinese posters for the film star wars
the force awakens minimized or
completely erased John boyega on some
posters even Lupita Nyong'o CGI
character was taken out now we're
reaching a whole new dimension when
we're racist against a CGI character
who's the force except when the forces
racism number 2 Argentina Argentina is
no stranger to racism in Argentina the
Spanish word Negro which refers to black
people sometimes gets used to describe
laborers and poor people in general
regardless of race mixing class and race
into a big old and racist cocktail no
thanks I'm driving and it's not just
anti-black sentiment in 2015 after a
meeting with Chinese investors the
Argentinian president tweeted a racist
comment making fun of the investors
accents by switching her arse and l's
and asking did they only come for lice
and petroleum I mean would you want the
leader of your country feeling
comfortable saying completely racist
things
sorry there was a bigot my throat number
3 Japan in 2014 a banner was
on the entrance of a major Japanese
soccer stadium that read Japanese only
and in 2015
criticism exploded online after Ariana
Miyamoto became the first half black
Miss Japan one critic even said Japan
should be represented by a pureblood yes
but it's not just foreigners
discrimination among Japan's own ethnic
groups is a problem to take the Buu
ackerman people in this minority group
were formerly at the bottom of the caste
system and to this day often get
stereotyped as criminals and have a
harder time finding employment though
most citizens outside this group will
say that racism doesn't happen number 4
Australia Australia has a long dark
history of race conflicts with the
Aboriginal people similar to the
treatment of Native Americans the
British settlers in Australia treated
the indigenous people as subhuman
and many of them were killed in large
numbers by disease and massacres in the
20th century they were put into missions
and forced into unpaid labor only as
recently as 1975 was a
non-discrimination Act passed
but unfortunately racism against
aboriginals is still rampant systemic
discrimination means the indigenous
people are victims of racial profiling
only about 2 percent of the population
is Aboriginal and yet they make up a
whopping 27% of those incarcerated in
Australia Australia also has problems
with its Asian student population the
bullying assault and killing of Indian
students in Australia has even gotten
the name curry bashing anti Indian
sentiment got so bad that in 2010 the
Indian government actually issued a
travel advisory for Indian residents
going to Melbourne number 5 the
Netherlands the Dutch police force
racially profiles on a lot of people who
don't look like they're from the
Netherlands an Amnesty International
report in 2013 confirmed that many Dutch
officers use things like age skin colour
and ethnicity to determine who looks
suspicious genetics used to justify
racism
when talking about the Berber ethnic
groups of the Netherlands one dutch
police officer was recently quoted
berating them saying the Berbers find it
easier to live in the streets because of
a genetic trait and who is this officer
well he's the 2015 head of the diversity
discrimination budget for the Dutch
police probably should have done a
background check on that guy so the good
news is Americans aren't alone in the
fight against racism the bad news racism
is everywhere but you have to
acknowledge the system first in order to
dismantle it while there's nothing wrong
with taking pride in your home country
it's important to remember that no
nation is perfect we've all got a lot of
work to do so where are you from and
what are the global stories that you
think matter tell us in the comments
below and we'll see you next time right
here on decoded mom dad I want to go to
Trump University could I have $35,000 oh
it's not legally allowed to be called a
university oh the former New York
Attorney General called it a scam but it
says I can turn my idea into a money
machine folks can't alive
