are the primaries racist okay I know
it's huge to call the primary elections
racist but to see it all you have to do
is look at two states Iowa and New
Hampshire so if you don't know every
four years before the presidential
elections the Republican and Democratic
parties hold primary elections to
determine who they think should be
president the primaries are basically
the election before the big election
since 1980 every eventual Party nominee
except Bill Clinton in 1992 has won
either the Iowa or New Hampshire primary
and everyone who's won both states has
gotten their party's presidential
nomination there's a lot of evidence
that if you don't win at least one of
these two primaries you're basically not
going to be President oh so well if you
look at the hours of primary coverage in
these two states you'll notice something
missing people of color like any color
the recent census poll states that
ladies have in percent of Iowa and 91%
of New Hampshire identify as white
non-hispanic which even by us standards
is really really white the entire
population of the United States is 62
percent white non-hispanic so Iowa and
New Hampshire just aren't representative
of America but all the states get to
vote from the primaries doesn't matter
who goes first oh but it does as the
first two primaries Iowa and New
Hampshire have serious clout why well
it's kind of like a magic trick one
simply because their first candidates
spent a ton of time and money there to
the media then talks about these dates a
lot because they're first and candidates
are spending a lot of time and money
they're three then when a candidate wins
one of these states the media makes a
big deal out of it and voters and the
rest of the country think well here of a
serious contenders they won a primary
for this inspires voters and donors to
give lots of money to those serious
contenders five abracadabra momentum
baguettes momentum and Iowa New
Hampshire maintained their magic
predictive abilities kind of a shitty
magic trick when you can see the strings
but what about a guy named Obama being
elected as president and a guy named Ted
Cruz winning Iowa I mean how
racism look no one's saying the people
of Iowa or New Hampshire are all racist
but whether intentional or not the
primary system is an example of
institutional racism because even though
a black man won the presidency and a
Latino man won Iowa the percentage of
people of color in those states is so
low that the primary system basically
lets candidates ignore the concerns of
people of color early on simply because
they aren't in those states to voice
their concerns people of color are thus
disenfranchised by not being represented
and by having lots of candidates drop
out before they even have a chance to
vote and voila textbook institutional
racism so there's got to be a good
reason these two states go first then
great nope after 1916 the Democratic
Party spread out the primary schedule
and Iowa scheduled theirs first because
the Iowa caucus is weird and complicated
and since New Hampshire had always gone
first suddenly they became number one
number two
Brady arbitrary okay why don't I just
change you goes first
problem solved people have tried but
these first two states have solidified
their standings in 2008 Michigan Florida
tried to secure earlier primary dates
but the politicians who pander to Iowa
New Hampshire got them to back down by
threatening to take half of Michigan and
Florida's delegates half seriously Iowa
even wrote a law that says they have to
be first
they basically managed to finagle dibs
forever okay so what's the solution
we could have a national primary for our
national election you know for the
biggest job in the nation but that makes
too much sense or we could at least find
more representative states according to
a recent NPR study the state whose
racial makeup median age household
income and religiosity most closely
match the national average is Illinois
followed by Kansas so while no state is
perfect if we got to do this primary
state by state Illinois sounds like a
better and more representative choice
than continuing to massively
disenfranchise people of color so what
do you think of the primary system let
us know in the comments below and we'll
see you next week right here on decoded
in our last vlog we asked is PC culture
ruining free speech and we got a ton of
comments and even more video responses
and while lots of people did not agree
with
I loved every minute of it because that
is free speech
no one was censored everyone got to have
their voices heard it seems one of the
big concerns in the comments and the
video responses was this idea of
self-censorship where people aren't able
to say whatever it is that they want in
reality that's not being PC that's just
being polite we can't always say what we
feel you might hurt someone's feelings
or there might be consequences another
thing to keep in mind is that things
change over time for example Eddie
Murphy's jokes back in the 80s were
kinda homophobic and would not fly today
now he's still allowed to tell those
jokes if he wants to but the audience is
allowed to not laugh in our last sketch
we imagined a world without Black
History and lots of the comments asked
well what about everybody else we only
have a black history but in reality
there are lots of months in the United
States dedicated to celebrating lots of
identities March for example is Women's
History Month and also Irish American
Heritage Month
April is Arab American month may is
Asian Pacific American Heritage Month
September through October is National
Hispanic Heritage Month and November is
Native American Heritage Month here's a
thing we live in a multicultural nation
so of course it's important to celebrate
all the different identities that make
this nation great but if you're only
bringing up other identities in order to
discredit the importance of Black
History Month its kind of disingenuous
and there's also this thing called
Google to help you find out when you can
celebrate
