the whole concept of you sound white is
like a multi-layer bean dip of shipment
craziest thing about sounding white as
you can't sound like a race people make
these assumptions about my English as
though it's been a struggle when in fact
it's the only language I've ever spoken
please don't tell me I sound like a
white girl to make me more digestible to
you on one hand when I hear from white
people it's almost like they're trying
to give you a compliment
I'm saying you're as close to being one
of us as possible
oh you're one of the good ones over your
way guess what my whole family's black
not just black but Jamaican actually I
shouldn't be sounding like this mom what
blonde
I think people always just mean you
sound educated which is really insulting
are we really supposed to believe that
only white people sound smart and
articulate fun fact the other term for
sounding white is well-spoken I know a
lot of words is that a white thing
Barack Obama well-spoken
Will Smith well-spoken being white is
not the standard being white does not
mean the best I love when people are
like oh I was just trying to give you a
compliment and it's like sorry are we
not friends anymore because they
wouldn't accept your compliment by when
you hear it in your own community it's
an insult because it's another way to
say you don't belong here yo Mike what's
up with that white voice you're not an
interview B I heard this all the time as
a kid by the time I became an adult
it was so engrained in me that I became
kind of self-conscious about speaking up
and making jokes and being who I really
am because I was just worried about
being judged the minute that I opened
now I was like okay anytime I see er I
want OA a or ah hey you're looking
bigger no I'm feeling bigger see how
that happened
you're supposed to be like God white
people right with your family and I'm
like no that's you
right ladies both no matter how I talk
I'm always black there's a whole
continent of white people that don't
speak English you sound great white is
right I'm sound right
you punk boy this is my voice this is
what I sound like all the time this is
me you'll get used to it
big up despair this theory sound white
hey Siri how can I sound more black I'm
afraid I don't know the answer to that
