you can fight him on t-shirts posters
jewelry dishes there's even a toaster
that will put his face on your bread and
I'm not talking about your favorite pop
star I'm talking about Jesus regardless
of your religious beliefs or what part
of the world you're in chances are you
could pick Jesus out of a lineup
shoulder-length dirty blond hair blue
eyes beard washboard abs of steel I feel
like there's a CrossFit joke in there
somewhere but this globally recognized
version of Jesus didn't come from
Bethlehem this guy's actually a
twentieth-century American the 1941 head
of Christ painting is the most widely
reproduced piece of artwork in world
history making this the most popular
Jesus so what did Jesus actually look
like well the earliest drawings of Jesus
and His disciples dates back to 2:35 in
the first images he was too young for
facial hair but the hair on his head was
short and curly and in the fourth
century Jesus starts popping up in Roman
catacombs with short dark hair a beard
and noticeably melon ated skin people
have been arguing about Jesus's
appearance basically since the beginning
of time the Bible doesn't ever mention
Jesus's race which makes sense
Christianity had to be universal for it
to spread so there was no point in
confining into one race or another but
one of the biggest disputes among
theologists had nothing to do with the
skin color but his level of
attractiveness on one hand a plain and
average Jesus would be relatable and
non-threatening but on the other hand
how could a holy Savior be anything
other than gorgeous
in 2001 the BBC TV series son of God did
a facial reconstruction of Jesus using
forensic science combined with the early
artistic portrayals ethnic traits and
the fashion of the day the finished
product was a dark-skinned bearded
short-haired Jesus so how did Jesus go
from looking like a dark haired Jewish
guy to a white blond guy starting in the
Middle Ages that's somewhere around 476
and especially in the Renaissance
artists began to pick ting Jesus as
white usually with blue eyes and blond -
hair many speculate that the turn was
influenced by Bible verses that use
lightness to symbolize purity and
darkness for sin and evil on the surface
white or light equaling good and pure
and black or dark equaling
and bad seems harmless but when biased
gets put in the mix things get dicey
medieval Christians didn't like the idea
of Jesus being dark skinned and
dark-haired because that meant he looked
Jewish spoiler alert he was Jewish
because medieval Christians didn't like
Jewish people in fact they were actually
the first to force them into ghettos
complete with special armbands
both of which were later revived by the
Nazis in the 1930s
yikes that light equals good and dark
equals bad idea even carried over into
anti-semitic propaganda Jewish people
were portrayed as dark and menacing with
giant noses darker complexions and bushy
facial hair and you can't really oppress
Jewish people when your own Savior looks
Jewish thus white Jesus gained more
popularity but the medieval Christians
weren't the only ones to use this new
and improved white Jesus to justify
oppression can anyone say colonialism in
the 1600s Catholic missionaries sprung
up all over the new world with plans to
convert the indigenous people this
conversion included enslavement forcing
many to abandon their native languages
and traditions genocide and of course
stealing their land again we see this
narrative of dark-skinned people being
bad thus needing to be tamed or killed
in order to conform to this good or
white standard hello white supremacy now
here's where things get interesting
during slavery you see two very
different versions of Jesus and
Christianity spring up for pro-slavery
Christians converting slaves to
Christianity and getting rid of their
heathenistic religions and languages was
part of their godly mission slave owners
used religion as a means of control and
persuaded slaves to convert with the
promise of heaven and spiritual freedom
not to be confused with freedom freedom
but black slave ministers zeroed in on
God freeing the slaves from Egypt not to
mention Jesus's persecution execution
and resurrection is a classic good
overcoming evil story and to the horror
of slave owners many slave rebellions
were inspired by that very triumph and
despite these very different versions of
being a good Christian the black church
became an incredible pillar of the black
community for slaves who had been
separated from their families the church
became a new family in a place of refuge
especially post-civil war heck the civil
movement was born in black churches I'm
thinking of a baptist minister with the
initials MLK never heard of him so what
does all this mean are we saying that
Jesus and Christianity are bad because
historically too many people have used
it to justify terrible things absolutely
not anything can be twisted and abuse
especially religion but in the same way
we try to tackle race and pop culture
here it's important to look at how
iconography can also be influenced and
shaped for the purpose of oppression and
it's also important to remember that
misuse isn't exclusive to any one
religion today you can see all kinds of
depictions of Jesus around the world
there's an Asian version Native American
versions and tons of artwork with Locke
sporting black Jesus there's even a
black Jesus
TV show when white oppressive power
structures excluded other versions of
Jesus's appearance they were misusing
religion to spread discrimination now
communities across the globe are
reclaiming their right to see Jesus
however they choose while a Korean or a
black Jesus might not be historically
accurate just like a blond-haired
blue-eyed Jesus people of color have the
right to see themselves in their
religion especially after centuries of
being taught and forced to worship a God
that doesn't look like them we aren't
saying that white people are wrong for
wanting to see a Jesus that looks like
them but that historically white Jesus
has been used to oppress and erase the
histories of people of color in a way
that Korean Jesus or black Jesus has not
honestly we may never know what Jesus
really looks like but whatever you do
don't get me started in white Santa cuz
this video is already way if you want so
do you have any other examples of
historical figures being whitewashed let
us know in the comments below and we'll
see you next week here on decoded in our
last vlog we asked why do you think
stereotypes are true here's what you had
to say Oh des it is heartbreaking to
hear that you didn't follow your
passions just because you didn't want to
live up to a stereotype I hope now maybe
you find the confidence to go back and
give dancing another try
all bow made these comments are breaking
my heart I am so sad to hear that this
stereotype had such a profound effect on
you but I'm hoping that by talking about
it we can make more people aware that
stereotypes do have real consequences
even the good ones in our last sketch we
asked know where are you really from you
what you had to say be excited I am not
excited to hear that people ask you what
are you what a strange question I hope
that you come up with a good comeback
like a human being
hey Annie Kay we actually talked about
Asian stereotypes in our last vlog about
why people think stereotypes are true
but we are always open to suggestions
for topics here and decoded so please
feel free to leave us some in the
comments
