undercoated we always try to explain
aspects of inequality in America and
across the world Society is pretty
unequal we tend to not celebrate the
positive steps forward as often as we
criticize the negative steps back but
this Thanksgiving let's talk about some
good things that happened this year
number one more insured Americans the
number of Americans without health
insurance dropped by seven million
people in 2015 it's been five years
since the Affordable Care Act passed and
the numbers of people getting insurance
are proving health care is a human right
not a luxury number two increased trans
visibility
besides Caitlyn Jenner 2015 has had
increased awareness for trans people and
trans issues TV shows like transparent
and orange is the new black have won
tons of awards and also made history
politically 2015 saw the first
recognition of trans people during the
State of the Union and recently the
Congressional LGBT equality caucus
announced a new task force dedicated to
transgender equality that being said
there's been more violence against
transgender people in 2015 than any
other year on record so while we should
be thankful for the increase in
visibility we should also be aware that
there's a lot more work to do number
three Tana h√∂ssi Coates winning the
National Book Award between the world
and me is Coates letter to his teenage
son about living in fear because it's a
black man in America and Coates
acceptance speech he said I can't secure
the safety of my son I just don't have
that power but what I do have the power
to do is say you won't enroll me in this
life you won't make me part of it the
black lives matter movement is working
to tear down this lie of black men and
criminality and Coates book is a good
place to start to understand it number
four widespread college activism
unfortunately incidents of racial
harassment have become more public with
anonymous apps like Yik yak but after
student protests at places like Colgate
and University of Missouri there's a new
wave of activism happening on campuses
across the country this week Brown
University just announced a hundred
million investment to address racism on
campus social media has given young
people voices in ways they haven't
experienced before and it's really
exciting
number five more diverse television
between popular sitcoms like fresh off
the boat and blackish and dramas like
Jane the virgin and Empire 2015 has had
more
people of color on TV than we've seen in
a long time Viola Davis became the first
african-american to win the Emmy for
Best Actress in a Drama and Aziz Ansari
is talking racism in Hollywood and
calling attention to TVs Indian
representation on master of none or
finally getting back to the 90s level of
diversity on TV and it's a breath of
fresh air and of course number six
same-sex marriage legalized nationwide I
can't believe it took so long but this
historic decision is something to really
be thankful for this year and since
same-sex marriage became legal in June
around ninety six thousand same-sex
couples have been married contributing
an estimated eight hundred and thirteen
million to state and local economies not
that we need a monetary reason to
celebrate but seriously same-sex
marriage benefits everyone
activists kind of rocked it this year we
all just want humans to be treated
equally and it seems like more and more
people are getting on the same page so
keep fighting the good fight and have a
happy Thanksgiving the holidays coming
up you could end up having some slightly
uncomfortable conversations around the
dinner table but don't worry we're here
to help here are eight comebacks for
transphobic relatives over the holidays
