hey brands its transgender Awareness
Week so we have a very special guest
she's an incredible illustrator and
trans activist with some of the best
hair on YouTube the one and only Kat
Blaque hey there this is gonna be fun so
this year has been huge for trans
visibility with celebs like Laverne Cox
Jamie Clayton and most recently Caitlyn
Jenner making headlines and Grayson
magazine covers visibility is awesome
because it helps to light on the issues
of trans people face and inspires trans
youth who may be struggling with their
identity but there are still lots of
people who aren't so progressive when it
comes to talking about trans people and
trans issues and with the holidays
coming up you could end up having some
slightly uncomfortable conversations
around the dinner table but don't worry
we're here to help here are eight
comebacks for transphobic relatives over
the holidays I just don't get it
men are men and women are women it's
just biological okay here's some gender
101 you need to know the basics on two
terms transgender describes someone
whose gender identity differs from the
sex of dr. mark on their birth
certificate and cisgender or sis is
someone whose gender identity lines up
with the one that they were assigned at
birth Caitlyn Jenner no way I'm still
gone in Bruce respecting a trans
person's name isn't so much to ask I
mean sure it might take a little getting
used to but her name is Caitlyn now say
your friend Jessica said she wanted to
go by your middle name I don't think
you'd really challenge her on it okay
whatever I still don't want men in the
women's bathroom
I mean someone could get raped first of
all trans women aren't men last time I
went into the men's restroom Deus just
thought I was in the wrong restroom I
know about you but I don't really think
about the genitals of a person who's
paying next to me that's kind of weird
and private there's also really no
reason for single stall restrooms to be
gendered and when it comes to rape if a
man wanted to sexually assault a woman
no trans law is going to stop them plus
there are more cases of trans women
being on the receiving end of violence
in the restroom but here's what I want
to know does he have the surgery yet
does he have lady bits well what surgery
someone has or hasn't had is it my
business or your business trans bodies
are not public domain and trust me
if that person wanted you to know they
tell you worry about your own genitals
please this girl I know from high school
is transitioning to beyond me ad but I
have a feeling that she's just a lesbian
well so trans people are gay sexuality
and gender identity aren't the same
thing
sexuality is who you go to bed with and
genders who you go to bed as plus you
can't really tell somebody sexuality or
gender by how you perceive them but
unless you're trying to holler why do
you care you're not a man or a woman
then what the heck are we supposed to
call you
if you don't know someone's pronouns
using VAE is a really safe bet I usually
hang back and listen to how my friends
and family refer to them before
inserting pronouns into the conversation
however sometimes it's just best to ask
a simple what are your pronouns can go a
really long way and remember some
pronouns are preferred and some are
non-negotiable
they people actually go by they that's
not even grammatically correct we
actually use singular they all the time
when someone cuts you off in an
intersection you'll usually say they cut
me off they can be singular it's not
that big of a deal
besides grammar isn't really a good
excuse to disrespect someone you know
what Caitlyn makes a pretty hot lady I
wouldn't even know she wasn't a woman
well she is a woman look I realize wow I
had no clue they were trans or he looks
better than I do is meant to be a
compliment but trans folks don't need
assurance that they looks is trans
people come in all shapes and sizes and
some people want to fasten some don't
both are valid hopefully you're able to
use these comebacks this holiday season
or any time of the year so have you ever
encountered these kinds of questions let
us know in the comments below and make
sure to check out Kat Black's channel
don't forget to subscribe and we'll see
you next week right here on decoded by
the Puritans invited imp to share first
Thanksgiving oh these are adorably wrong
you
