hey Francesca
do you remember that time we were out
and that totally random girl came up and
just started touching your hair and how
annoying that was for you actually what
I remember is that you interrupted me to
explain why it was offensive yeah that
was awesome I love that you want to
speak up for me but I don't really need
you to explain racism for me that's this
thing called white splaining it's when a
white person explains why something is
offensive to a person of color it's
considered super condescending
Thanks but again you don't need to tell
how she feels Brad trying to give people
of color permission for how they can or
should feel is treating them like
children it's like when a man is an
splaining I'll take this one doc you all
need to realize why people can't decide
what is and what isn't racist just come
into our apartment just to correct me
it's cool I grew up in a diverse
neighborhood so I know your struggles I
don't think that you do and that's
really patronizing she doesn't need you
to tell her about her experience who are
you and how did you get in here don't
mind me
I teach african-american studies and I
appear wherever the needy need me was
actually in Ferguson last week it was it
Baltimore either way that's not the
point let me take this one well it's
important to empathize with the
struggles that minorities can have that
doesn't mean that you can
or speak it all for that man excuse me I
have the Talking Stick I also watched 12
years
I saw de Django Unchained have you seen
the wire on AHA see KO lanta Carter stop
okay I realize that you all mean well
but you're actually doing the wrong
thing by hijacking the conversation so
arrogant to assume that you know what
it's like to be fastened of color how
they stop don't you see what this is
don't you see what's going on here it's
called white splaining I recently
learned about it from some sources that
I trust and honestly I wouldn't put up
with it if I were you I don't even know
what to say right now
White's planning whites with whites
plain white splaining White's planning
White's planing White's planning White's
plain white splaining it's not only
wrong it's racist
