dear student loans thank you so much for
helping me pay for college how could I
possibly ever repay you
no but seriously me and 40 million other
Americans have no idea how to pay for
this both meet Benjamin O'Keefe from
Mugen orgs the O'Keefe Reef hey y'all
this week we're doing something a little
different so since my show is all about
politics we figured why not team up and
put the decoded spin on some of the 2016
elections biggest issues a decoded party
if you will so for our first team up we
wanted to tackle a huge problem here in
the u.s. college debt currently around
40 million Americans owe about 1.2
trillion dollars in student loan debt so
here are five reasons why student loans
are booked number one College used to be
free in America for real when America
created the public university systems in
1862 the intent was to make education a
government mandated right
state-sponsored schools met low or
virtually free tuition for students
unfortunately that has obviously changed
in 1973 the average cost for tuition and
fees at a private nonprofit college was
ten thousand seven hundred and eighty
three dollars adjusted for the 2013
dollars a student could work a summer
job and make enough money in those few
months to pay for an entire year's
tuition today it's hard to afford a few
trips to Chipotle on a summer job salary
number two your tuition is probably
funding some college administrators
Lexus if you're looking for a life vest
to save you from drowning in student
loan debt you might want to check your
former Dean's boat and that's not just
an imaginary analogy boat your Dean can
probably afford a yacht as student debt
Rises so do the salaries of university
presidents in 2011 the country's top two
highest-paid presidents each received
more than three million that's where the
most CEOs and those seven-figure
administrative salaries are slashing
funding for scholarships and other aid
in fact schools with the highest-paid
presidents spend more on administration
than scholarship spend more than two to
one to make matters worse these gigantic
salaries mean more underpaid part-time
professors who don't even get health
care benefits number three student loan
debt never stops following you not even
after bankruptcy student loan debt is
kind of like a crazy ex who won't
calling except you can't file for a
restraining order to keep it away
unlike most loans when they're
underwater even filing for bankruptcy
won't really help you if you try to file
bankruptcy to reduce your student loans
you need to prove undue hardship and
it's not easy to do a couple in
California were forced to deplete their
retirement savings to pay off their
daughter's $200,000 student loan debt
after she suddenly died which is really
messed up number four it feels like
loans are confusing on purpose like do
they want you to fail the less you
understand about the loan the more
likely you are to make bad choices in
repaying it racking up more interest and
therefore making loan companies more
money no one gives you a guidebook on
making good choices about loans which is
probably why 8 million Americans have
defaulted on student loans a default
means you haven't paid your loan in over
270 days but it doesn't have to be that
way there are ways you can protect
yourself from default if you can't pay
your loans for example you may be
eligible for a loan deferment if you're
a full-time student or if you don't have
a job a deferment just lets you put your
loan on hold so you don't have to make
payments another option if you don't
qualify for a deferment is forbearance a
forbearance lets you stop making
payments or make lower monthly payments
for up to 12 months
number five private universities are
corporations not schools as the student
loan industry continues to grow so does
the need to treat students like
consumers and private universities are
totally free to set their skyrocketing
tuition rates at whatever price they
want now one of the reasons we're seeing
tuition rates rise so high is because
schools now compete to have the best rec
center football stadium luxury dorm or
swimming pool all things that have
nothing to do with an actual education
but instead a consumer based society I
mean it's great if your school has a
swimming pool but when you get out of
college and can't find a job to pay back
the loans have paid for that swimming
pool then what student loans are both so
how can you do your part
tell your congressperson to stand up
against the student loan debt epidemic
and support debt free college for every
student now we want to hear from you
when it comes to paying for college
what's your experience been are you
thinking about going or skipping it for
a different alternative or maybe you're
struggling to pay it
like some people tell us in the comments
below and I'll see you next week for
another episode of decoded fine in our
last vlog we talked about six phrases
with surprisingly racist origins here's
what you had to say you know what Rachel
I've actually really made an effort to
not say crazy or lame or insane and it's
a lot harder than most people think but
I definitely think it's worth the effort
you know what Karasu this happens on all
of our videos some people just decide
that they're mad based on the title or
what they think is in the video without
actually watching but I'm glad that you
watch
