this week's Star Wars fans broke the
Internet pre-ordering tickets to the
upcoming Star Wars The Force awakens but
even with all the excitement surrounding
the new trailer that didn't stop a small
but very vocal group of fan boys from
organizing a boycott so people want to
boycott the new Star Wars movie because
the film's lead John boyega is a black
guy according to the hashtag boycott
Star Wars 7 the film is an anti white
propaganda promoting hashtag white
genocide that's right a science fiction
film that features rookies yox talking
robots lightsabers and freaking Yoda is
somehow promoting obliterating the white
race I honestly I'm struggling to make
sense of this one really look I do not
know who started this rumor but
diversity does not mean anti white
celebrating different types of people
including differing backgrounds does not
require excluding or hurting anyone I
really can't believe I have to explain
this just look at the Star Wars cast
list it is full of white people you can
literally count the cast members of
color on both hands there's like 8
million white people on top of white
people dressed as aliens the absurdity
of this boycott leads me to believe
we're all being trolled but you know
what I will entertain it what did you
think did you see the trailer and what
do you think about the boycott star wars
hashtag tell us in the comments and I
will see you next week right here on
decoded people haven't dressed like this
in hundreds of years and specifically
like this never
