hey friends this week I'm at New York
Comic Con to talk to you about race
representation and people of color in
the world of all things bees so let's
see what you have to say
can you a superhero's of color no storm
black panther Miles Morales and as a
hard one Green Lantern bumblebee ninja
from x-men no pink yellow I can't
what was the question again because
there's not enough representation of
people of color in comics somebody who's
been collecting comic books since they
were 5 who can only name 5 is a bit of a
problem I'm a redhead I have more
options and I'm only 1% of the world I
grew up wanting to draw for Marvel and
DC is why can't I be a superhero like
Ana what can you see that looks like me
you see all these people in their
interpretations of their characters and
you can be whatever you want to be
that's what this is about but this is
why we come here to see everybody I love
a good black Sailor Moon Sailor Moon if
you look at me I'm Spanish and I'm
Spider Woman or so you don't look at
yourself as latina spider moment you're
just inspired woman right yeah the
fandoms actually are much more accepting
for the expression of what it is I get a
lot of people who are like oh we should
make something for your charity because
there's not a lot of characters that are
disabled when we talked about the
possibility
changing the race of some characters
that everyone knows sometimes people get
really upset about that yeah you know
like look there's some traditional
characters that I feel very mixed about
turning the human torch black because
the story was always a brother and
sister so that was tough but I
appreciate the colorblind casting and
doing that and more of that does have to
happen or invent new characters that can
challenge that status quo do you want to
feel like you're represented I have a
six-year-old son and I think that he
would like to see someone that looks
like him so much of what we see in the
media of people of color is not positive
and to be able to see ourselves as
heroes creates heroes within us did you
just make a perfect found bite or
completely agree so what do you think
why aren't there more Super years of
color and is there a double standard
when it comes to phantoms and bracing
stories featuring people of color tell
us in the comments and we will see you
next week right here on decoded
these are fake this is not even real
touch them okay they're big
no you just really wanted to chip see
you next time and November pink is
