have you ever used a weird figure of
speech and thought I wonder where that
came from
well I hate to burst your bubble but
some of those phrases have very racist
beginnings here are six phrases you
never knew were racist okay okay
everybody settle down that's enough from
the peanut gallery
whether it's joking around too much in
class or making comments that interrupt
a presentation the peanut gallery
describes heckling or some sort of
unwanted disruption in the 1920s the
peanut gallery was the theater balcony
where black folks were forced to sit due
to segregation in some places it was
even called the n-word gallery well tell
us how you really feel so why peanuts
well today we celebrate George
Washington Carver at the pioneer of the
peanut but back then being a black
scientist was taken as a joke peanuts
were also a popular cheap theater snack
so associated in black people with
peanuts MS meant as an insult oh five
o'clock sorry no can do if something's
not gonna work out
no can do is one of the simplest ways to
get the message across but this phrase
started in the early 20th century as a
bad Chinese impression it's not uncommon
for immigrants to speak with snown as
pidgin languages which are simplified
versions of a language in order to help
people communicate instead of respecting
how difficult it is to pick up another
language
Westerners mimicked Chinese pidgin
English and now centuries later
no-can-do has stuck well hey there
stranger luck see ya when you run into
an old friend long time no see short and
for it's taking way too long but I am so
happy to see similar to no can do long
time no see is also a mimicry of pidgin
English but this time it's the
indigenous people who are the butt of
this nasty joke uh I told Cheryl not to
tell Jason that I couldn't make his
party and she totally sold me down the
river when you've been sold down the
river it essentially means that you've
been betrayed and as it turns out this
phrases origin is pretty literal so
during slavery slave owners would punish
disruptive slaves by selling them to
plantations in the deep south where
conditions were much harder and how do
you think they got there why the
Mississippi River of course oh you're
gonna ruin another phrase for me hip hip
hooray
hip-hip-hooray is the Americanized
version of pep-pep para which is meant
to be a celebratory exclamation but the
original was used as a nazi rallying cry
when raiding Jewish ghettos during the
Holocaust there are a few different
theories as to where hep came from
before that but it's said to be the
Latin acronym for Jerusalem is lost pre
Holocaust the hep hep riots of 1819 left
countless German Jewish businesses
destroyed oh I tried to buy an extra
ticket for the concert out front and the
guy totally gets me now this is a phrase
you've probably heard a million times
before so why are we censoring it
well the G word is actually a racial
slur hold up is a racial slur Oh hold up
who is beeping me yeah so the G word
means to cheat or take advantage of
someone but it started out as a nasty
nickname for the Romani people the
Romani are a nomadic Eastern European
group that originated from India but
these days they live all around the
world throughout history the Romani have
been stereotyped as untrustworthy which
has been used to justify their
mistreatment when they first came to
Europe Europeans incorrectly assumed
they were from Egypt and thus the g-word
was born oh so now I have to give up my
sexy D Halloween costume okay enough
with the babes oh you mean that low-rent
pirate costume Ronnie people don't even
dress like that here's a thing the G
word does not mean someone who's
free-spirited or likes to travel a lot
similar to the N word G word is a racial
slur that's been historically used to
uphold the oppression of an entire group
of people in this case the Romani unlike
the other phrases on this list the
consequences of the G word are still
felt today Romani continue to face
discrimination worldwide in 2009 France
deported over 10,000 Romani people and
these days many are no longer nomadic
because of laws that target there the
last Romani regulation law to be
repealed in the US was in 1996 and
across Europe they're often denied
housing jobs are forced into substandard
segregated schools and are too often
victims of hate crimes and that's not
even touching on the movies and reality
shows that use this nasty slur to
misrepresent the Romani
so now I have to give up every phrase
that has a terrible history
not exactly the G word still hurts the
Romani people today so I hope we can
agree to live without it but nowadays
the other phrases are pretty harmless
look I'm not here to tell you how to
talk but understanding where these words
and phrases come from is an important
part of understanding how racism and
oppression have shaped the world we live
in today so do you know of any common
words or phrases that have not-so-happy
origin stories share a few in the
comments and we will see you next week
right here on decoded last week we did a
sketch about Donald Trump here's what
you had to say ya hear of Glee he was so
good and super punchable you call it
miss Anna maniac contour on for the
league you might want to check the video
description box bio 20/20 cuz we linked
where all of those quotes came from and
they didn't come from the book so
actress Chloe we really tried to capture
the bad Trump hair but they just don't
make wigs like that
you
