the Stonewall Riots of 1969 were an
important part of LGBT history and the
fight for equal rights and now Stonewall
is getting the Hollywood treatment with
a new movie coming to theatres September
2015 but the trailer seems to have left
some people out can you guess who on
June 28th 1969
police officers raided the Stonewall Inn
a gay bar in New York City now in those
days being openly gay could get you
arrested so it wasn't unusual for police
officers to raid bars looking for people
to lock up the Stonewall read didn't
quite go as planned instead erupted into
a full-blown riot the six days of
rioting that followed are largely
considered to be the start of the gay
rights movement now today Gay Pride
takes place on June 28th to commemorate
Stonewall so it's a big deal and at the
forefront of the riots and thus the gay
rights movement trans women of color
like Marsha Pete Johnson and Sylvia
Rivera but by the looks of the Stonewall
movie trailer they aren't the focus of
this upcoming film instead it centers
around a fictional white gay teenager
according to the movie the busy New York
streets and gay protests of 1969 were
almost completely white and since so why
would Hollywood whitewash this important
moment in LGBT history well sadly
mainstream media tends to think that
stories that feature people of color in
leading roles are neesh or don't have
crossover appeal so white characters
often become the default and what's with
the trans erasure I mean by the look at
the trailer there might be a supporting
character based on Sylvia Rivera but the
actor isn't trans these days we've seen
a growing number of trans actors like
Laverne Cox and oranges the new black
and Jamie Clayton insensate but movies
like the Danish girl and Dallas buyers
club and shows like transparant have
favored casting his actors instead of
trans ones now it's great that people
want to hear these stories but trans
people need a chance to tell them for
themselves
gay rights have come a long way since
Stonewall especially with the recent
legalization of gay marriage but erasing
the trans folk and people of color who
risked their lives and the fight for
equality proves we've still got a long
way to go so did you know about the
Stonewall riots and why think Hollywood
is so quick to whitewash and water down
this important story tell us in the
comments and we'll see you next week I
want to talk to you about how you feel
about race representation and of course
people of color here on YouTube
