even as the list of unarmed black people
killed by police officers continues to
grow the victim-blaming continues this
week cincinnati police officers released
body camera footage of Samuel DuBose
being shot in the head during a traffic
stop
and of course DuBose was unarmed the
police officer who killed him claimed he
feared for his life even though the body
camera footage shows that DuBose refused
to get out of the car before the officer
opened fire
so why didn't de most get out of the car
singer DJ and natural hair fashionista
Solange summed it up perfectly in just
one tweeked dear world black people do
not want to exit our vehicles and cop
related incidents because we've seen
that and in murder too many times and
even though the Cincinnati prosecutor
announced murder charges that hasn't
stopped people from arguing with Solange
and proclaiming that the post could have
avoided being shot if he had just gotten
out of the car which is basically like
saying even though he was well within
his legal rights he was kind of asking
for it and when it comes to not being
killed by the police the list of do's
and don'ts for black people continues to
grow don't be mentally ill don't fall
asleep on couch look don't carry a pill
bottle don't use the stairs
don't play with toy guns don't call the
police for help well don't have a broken
taillight don't have an attitude don't
get in a car accident don't buy an air
rifle in Walmart
don't ride in a police van don't sell
loose cigarette don't walk in the middle
of the road man or just don't be black
so in light of all of these examples why
do people continue to blame the victims
well for some people acknowledging how
racial bias plays a role in police
brutality it challenges the sense that
America is safe and just for everyone
and for others placing blame makes them
feel safe the thinking being this type
of injustice could never happen to me
because I behave a certain way but
exactly the truth can be terrifying
because what it means is that for a
large portion of Americans
life-and-death encounters with the
police can be completely random and no
fault of their own but the reality is we
need to stop looking for ways to blame
victims of police brutality
and start holding cops accountable
instead 675 people have been killed by
police since January 2015
having an attitude selling cigarettes or
having a broken taillight isn't a
license to kill these victims weren't
asking for it and we need to stop making
excuses so why do you think people
continue to blame victims for police
brutality let us know in the comments
and we will see you next week
click where are you from no no like
where are you really from why don't you
have an accent
you
