hey we are at VidCon and I want to talk
to you about how you feel about race
representation and of course people of
color here on YouTube so let's see what
you have to say who are some of your
favorite people of color on YouTube
black and sexy TV that guy definitely
trained Melvin kid fury this rain is
really funny Kingsley Kingsley Kingsley
of course I think that's about it
because I don't see a lot of popular
people of color do you see a lot of
people using racial fewer and
stereotypes in their videos and what do
you think about that I feel like it's on
vine a lot a lot of stereotypes and a
lot of each of those videos sometimes
it's very funny and then other times I'm
kind of like well that that's definitely
not how a lot of people are they're
black they eat chicken and watermelon
I'm like I'm vegetarian and I hate
watermelon
what about YouTube comments you know I
don't even read the like Superbad racial
slurs the n-word you do it once in your
life and it's like that's enough of that
I eat myself try to avoid the comments
so my best seems to be like a pretty
good piece of advice
in reality the comment sections what a
big big part of YouTube it just sucks
that I've decided to be mean can I swear
by the way what do you think are some of
the most important issues for people of
color right now can I be real yes I'll
be absolutely real okay there's a lot of
police brutality going on
that's like the biggest thing that we're
talking about getting shot by cops all
the time it's definitely not fun walking
down the street and like kind of having
my heart beat every time I see a police
officer even though I'm doing nothing
wrong people think one like one week of
protests is gonna change things have to
keep going we can't just stop after you
do one like big hurrah and breaking
stereotypes I've heard people tell me
that that I talk different than the
typical white I hate when people say
that I'm like I'm educated right I'm not
acting when I'm educated you're not
really black cuz you act white because
you like anime or you like you don't
like rap music so you're not black and
it's like really uncomfortable cause
it's like I'm very clearly black and
you're very clearly not people think
because you're you know you look like
you're from a certain culture that you
should know things like well you're
black you should know this and it's like
well you know maybe they were not raised
with that maybe that's something that
was never taught to them you know what I
mean you don't know so many
circumstances coming from a family with
lesbian parents I get oh that's so gay
all the time and I hate it and I always
say oh that's not something you
I'm so glad that you like stand up and
say something a lot of people get really
uncomfortable about that second step so
do you think it's important to talk
about diversity whether it's on YouTube
or in mainstream media is that something
that you think is important yeah I think
if you forget to talk about it then
people get forgotten playing the NFL
there's no black owners you know like
white head coaches are now set like
until a few years ago there is like one
they think and now there's a few I mean
I would never think about because I'm
not a sports person right
no no but that's no that's really good
because that's a perspective that I
wouldn't have I'm not really in the
sports world at all talking about race
is always like the most
touchy subject it's like if you even go
near it it's like fascist people out
they'll say oh you're race-baiting or
just trying to make something out of
nothing when it really is something that
people need to talk about and really
look at it and say how can we change
that and make things better for everyone
thank you guys so so much so I want to
know what you think of what everyone had
to say and share some of your favorite
people of color on YouTube in the
comments below and we'll see you next
week here on decoded hey everyone Laci
green here and we are at VidCon and I
want to talk to all of you about one of
my very favorite topics which is women
on YouTube
