I asked all which story you want to hear
about my first kiss my first breakup and
y'all said harder productivity Lindsey
yeah I want to know when I say that do
you say that but he just watch me be
crazy now I'm just like Brett and you're
like today it's Sunday which means
rejuvenations Sunday the perfect
combination of resetting myself for the
weekend but getting some work done House
and professional it's the mission for
today you and I keep working on the
secret script I gotta figure out both my
video ideas for video number one goal
number two for Wednesday shoot give
Scott robat I think if Scott was some
sort of exercise today as well and you
think about right now you ready you
ready let's do it okay so cute idea not
a reason at all but I've seen some
people do this and I thought it was
really really cute I'm gonna try to do
this like my own version but people do
these things with like my Instagram
controls my day I wanna let y'all
control my day through Instagram polls
and I'm gonna let you decide like what
are you for breakfast what I wear when I
try to spice it up a little bit too but
I've been doing polls here as a results
first and foremost this morning I asked
should I sleep in or should I wake up
and like sweetheart y'all said I should
sleep in so I did sleep in an extra
thirty minute thank you for that noise
for no breakfast Scarpa you're crying
cuz you're trapped upstairs why are you
Travis because you keep going upstairs
you can't come down what do you think is
gonna happen buddy breakfast option look
at this second design by the Who am I
the guy loves yoga so either cereal or
egg sandwich I hope that you guys said
egg sandwich because I'm trying to be a
bit more like nutritious and stuff let's
see what you say my y'all said egg
sandwich blessed life when you care
about my arteries in Tings
looks like a nice language as you said
sandwiched in there looks like a knife
backwards the sandwich our sandwich
looks like an exact words not with
sandwich doesn't make an exact word you
get out of here nobody wants you I can
get out of here never show your face
here again get out of it no no no what
my booty looks like when there's a good
song
alright I'm off to make myself a
smoothie I know I was kind of show you a
c'mon cause I was losing it why can I
speak this morning who's making the
exact word bad what I put in my smoothie
because I know she's a montage hold up
first things first I put a little bit of
banana where I can I try to use fresh
not frozen things a lot of it is frozen
let's go what the hell that's fresh
raspberries and blueberries in the
fridge well like some sort of white kit
next I'm gonna put some strawberries I'm
gonna watch the way you put like half a
banana - strawberry how are these moldy
already what the f I literally just got
this like nine days ago alright actually
got three small strawberry here's the
thing about this shape right here's why
I encourage you to have it this is not a
brand new for the shake industry shop
ever but it's like I struggle to do
nutritious healthy things this shake
actually tastes really goddamn good
especially in the morning so if you have
like some sort of blender Magic Bullet
situation it's real easy and like you'll
just feel like a healthier person even
if that's not true you'll trick yourself
into these all but the placebo effect
make sure you've got the strawberries
into small pieces droppers and the
number one thing that doesn't blend
properly and when you're drinking it and
you go through a whole strawberry I am
going to add some fools on Kings here I
got some blueberries raspberries again I
don't like use the frozen strawberries
cuz they never blend properly i'ma throw
me some more of this I can throw some of
those in there I use clothes pins to
close things I got tropical fruit blends
I think there's two pineapples I'm
throwing there hey what up go to India
mango chunks here imma throw to those
tonight you got a melody what you do
next is I got a little protein powder
now this is where a lot of good flavor
and goodness comes in - vanilla you can
use whatever f you want and then I just
sprinkle a little bit of that in there
woo as such and then to throw it all
together now I
not if full-time vegan I tried was very
hard I am vegan when I can be so I use
almond milk for this and it tastes bomb
as f almond milk I you is original
unsweetened this sweet you want taste
like to light okay or some thing I don't
know so I don't like like this where's
the lid hold on hold on hold on
god damnit you take the thing you put
the thing you screw the thing and then
you go be able to lit up your own thing
hey who's this sweet affectionate boy
this morning he you
he's a you my sweetheart it is you it is
you isn't it like do you feels happy
life you'll buy him or is it just I'm
sure it's more me but like look like I
mean like how can you be sad how can you
be shared that can you be said I didn't
know I didn't know let the rejuvenation
begin I must start with the dishes
putting them away washing these ones not
that many but I need to jam or to some
music so I asked you what type of music
should I listen to either soca or Disney
although I love both I was kind of
hoping for Disney because y'all know
haha soundtrack and sure enough ya'll
said disney i'm also only waiting like a
couple of minutes for these poles so if
you late will not be counted
tell me how I just got teary I have
assumed to mana it's actually just want
to fulfill her destiny
why everyone giving her a hard time
right sweet boys sink is clean so it's
time to give you a bath
I saw Kong today I was like why to give
a Scot robot that we wait that's too
much for job so the vet told me to give
him a bath every week a and peas because
he's still a puppy so he gets dirty very
quickly like he still doesn't know how
to lift his leg properly when he P so P
goes on his leg and like sometimes he
like sits in his poo but things happen
he's a baby so he needs a shower we're
gonna take a quick shower I'll tell you
what you can dry in the Sun how about
that how about that you like the sound
of that
good job buddy the Sun is so nice and
hot huh you did so good it did so good
buddy good Jake good shake sweetheart
this cover trying to dry himself I can
help you buddy what a clean boy oh my
good smash okay you smell like Febreze
you smell so pretty why not clean boy
you I can have a case The Mummy have a
kiss good moment No so I've decided to
stop taking scarper to that kindergarten
classes I don't know if it's the best
learning aid for him he's way too scared
and they're like Oh usually like that
the first class he's been like at the
first second third fourth class and like
he's so scared he's not learning because
he's terrified and also I don't know how
educational they really are to be honest
so I'm just setting him up on doggie
playdates we're gonna go to Lindsay's
house so that Scarfo can play with Luna
doggy play day and for my outfit I asked
her what I should wear that wear Marley
or my shell and y'all said Marley it is
one laughs it's a girl Emily no sugar go
get cousin Luna gift what do you think
let's do it buddy
this is the first playdate with Luna
Scarborough wanted to get Luna gifts I
asked all should be a hot dog or a
hamburger and y'all said hamburger so we
got hamburger but right after that poll
I found it amazing are you ready for
scarborough's main give to Luna he's
gonna ring the doorbell and greet her
with Oh
like the latest man let's go hey hot
stuff
hey enjoying time with your friend
rubbing up on me play play put it you
got a play have a play date we're trying
to get them to play together so far
they're playing on their own great but
they come together and they're like
mostly it's me and Lindsey playing come
on guys where's the plague I'm having a
blast
in this playing hard to get she tossed
the Roses inside will you accept this
rose yeah good job this boy back home
and get this Scarborough went down the
stairs at Lindsay's house every time he
chose with another dog he like gains
confidence do you recall he went up the
stairs because Rose dog cookie she went
down the stairs because Luna killed him
the game I also brought him his own
bouquet of roses cuz he liked them so
much
alright I'm about to work on that script
I was talking about I'm working on like
an idea so I don't just like finish the
script writing to like work on it so I'm
gonna go do that and think of some video
ideas for my shoot on Wednesday were
shooting two videos on Wednesday but I'm
like kind of feeling like do I wouldn't
go out later or do I want to like or
don't move we don't want to stay home
and work and let y'all decide so just a
pull wait for it please please please I
hope you say you can go and help me sell
movies movies you should see me with
movies movies please please please oh
snap
of course you mom bought the effigies
y'all said overwhelmingly go to the
movies you know why cuz you small you
loyal I respect that I don't know the
movie with the team I'm gonna use down
and we gonna make the damn thing happen
but first we got an hour until that
happens I'm gonna do some work Oh dope
you got complete beat she for act 1 2 3
4 5 to the game and I kind of know my
concerts or windows well one is about
shipping and one is gonna be something
about Pride Month come on Ally of the
lgbtq+ community I'm like live your best
life everybody love wins every day
yesterday tomorrow always alway never
give us the oceans Hey
I decided unpopular thing to say I don't
think she's seen any of the other other
oh why can't I talk today looks like a
nice language I don't think I've seen
any of the other oceans in its entirety
from beginning to end which is like
stole but I'm gonna see ocean say and
I'm like praying it's good because the
cassis it just needs to be good
hear me out hear me out here Masako and
I asked her why I should drink Coke Zero
yo
that movie was bomb shoutout aquafina
kill the game for the digital space girl
friggin that's if it was really really
good this is the plan I'm home now here
just gonna happen but take out the
garbage fold the laundry Prima wash and
vacuum a little bit all help care for
the 11 p.m. Minah care gonna care I'm
gonna do it I know I promised you I was
gonna try and do something spicy with
these questions and not have them all be
basic so I'd have been pretty basic but
I asked all which story you want to hear
about my first kiss
my first breakup and y'all said first
kiss I also asked what color mud mask I
should do these are like My Little Pony
glam glow clap no add no add hashtag no
add but they like glitter I said pink or
purple y'all said boo so yes hey can't
we tell you story while doing the mask
and I just realized I cleaned my sink so
who's the moron that cleaners thing cuz
now is gonna be a bloodbath why can't I
speak looks like an exact word I am The
Moron that cleaned my sink and now I'm
gonna use a mud mask who was the moron
ain't me I'm like oh my goodness can you
see there's like little stars in here oh
my god throw Bruno Mars's in Shakira's
in here interesting first kiss I'm gonna
be real witch alright my very first kiss
I don't really remember I kinda know
when it happened I had my first kiss in
like the summer between grade 8 and
grade 9 you're the transition into high
school I know what was a width it was
with my first serious boyfriend I say
serious maybe like the first boy I
kissed before that I had like you know a
boyfriend in grade 3 that like we hold
hands I really classify that no offence
grade 3 boyfriend but I'm pretty sure we
were outside riding our bike and I laid
one on him I think I even told my memory
serves me well so close your eyes I
can't tell you why it was super mother
of encouragement I made the first move
in fact that's a good trend cuz even my
second kiss with my boyfriend in high
school he was training panics frylock I
remember I got him a necklace and if
you're watching this or anyone that
knows he was watching this and this is
awkward
and I was like oh let me put it on you I
did the same closing icing again why my
so mother come quick I mean close his
eyes and I crapped around his neck to
the necklace but I kissed him when
you're kissing someone off garden there
eyes are closed and they're not
expecting it it's not very romantic cuz
I was like neither like didn't realize
what was happening so it wasn't very you
know Pleasant but it happened I honestly
have made the first move with kisses
quite often in my relationships I feel
like I'm always the one to make the move
which is why in my adulthood I have
avoided that in my adulthood I'm Way
more like no I'm not making the move
y'all gonna have to make the move but I
think that's why because like in school
I was always the one making the first
move and then those relationships never
ended it smells like jello by the way I
grew up I was like not my first move I
don't care so in my most recently I
learned about FD one time in a
relationship in so long when my most
recent flings I don't make the first
move like I will be out here on day 27
boy I ain't doing it that's right my
first kisses on another note this looks
kind of cool ending is that racist is
that racist because I'm Indian act like
it's funny it just reminds me of like an
Indian outfit because so sparkly and
beautiful that awkward moment when I
read the back of this face masters now
and it says avoid eyebrows oops
who's that idiot who's that it's me I
just fixed up my eyebrows got rid of
some of my bunch of whores and I'm ready
to call it a night today we're watching
the super Monday here's a sneak peek of
a video coming hello everybody and
welcome to my good morning routine
YouTube video on Internet today I'm
going to show you how I wake up and
become affected young spicy mom my mom's
morning routine
what would Wow looks like an exact word
that I need to just
until tomorrow where the hustle don't
style
you
