obviously y'all have noticed I've been
drinking way more water I talked about
starting your day off with a stretch why
don't you wash it for two seconds came
back Scarborough was in his bed eating
one of those do not eat poisonous it's
silicone things that come in boxes from
where the damn Amazon prop boxes
obviously I freaked the eff out drop
everything I'm active that right now
he's inside I'm like obviously stressed
the road was closed and I fully went
around the pylons but I don't give an F
I did take my son to the vet there's no
way I'm sure it's fine I don't think he
ate that much but literally to say okay
it's fine we're gonna wait they said it
should be fine nothing to worry about
you put eye on him we need to have a
talking man more so to me because Brogan
Foley was like make sure he doesn't get
these and so I put them all in a box but
the two seconds I went to the washroom
was two jumped up and got wine let's go
okay gee I'm beating myself Brogan
specifically said he's away and I put
them away in this box and cut that I
came by the washer you must have got it
somehow this is it I saw him in his bed
here's the good news that so many of
them are here so don't think he ate them
all so so many things happening to see
he poop but then his poop is all over
his bed and then this last thing I'm
getting my period this is just a lot
hold on I know you did it no sweetheart
you're gonna be fine okay
they said you might might do a little
vomiting a little diarrhea but it should
be fine and generally it does not
anything worse than that but we're gonna
keep an eye on you okay you got to
listen to mama and not eat random things
okay today I experienced a mother's love
truly have to make a left into the vet
and if fully said Road clothes big thing
I was like this is the fastest and only
way I know to the vet I was like turned
when around the side I'm not proud of it
in that moment I was like no me and
panicking for Scarborough's like oh my
god literally could be dying right now I
have no idea and then again the lady
whose clothes are like run around the
girl that was like how did you get in
I'm like I went around my son ate this
it's gonna be fine he's saying okay fine
okay here's the mission for today do I
got meaning one I got meeting - I got
meeting three so exciting go through my
inbox release the video and honestly of
my mind is blank right now so whatever
else have to do we're gonna get it done
Jay let's do it let's start with
breakfast
so starting my morning with such stress
well I'm sorry but I like to start my
ball with a good positive uplifting bye
y'all it's happen sometimes I meet this
breakfast get ready and head to the
office or what I hope is a very
productive day because we don't kill
right young boy okay so y'all know I've
been drinking mad water so what the f is
that this pick you're gonna be hearing
from my lawyer because no no otherwise
it's a bad but that no you won't you
hear from my lawyer I literally just
down this like it was nothing I was like
washing this water and I just downed it
I'm a new person y'all I'm a mermaid I'm
a hydration Queen Queen meeting one at
meeting tuna I just hit myself in the
glasses under my glasses are headed
off-site now for my third meetings one
of a screening is a muna for not in
productions bone meeting with great
production company's really cool way of
tongues story through this new
technology moviemaking was so
fascinating so cool change our watch
because you know meetings people wear
watches and glasses like obviously
really smart go to a change
we got worked it'll still this was my
inbox this is my inbox why because I
crushed it and I couldn't have done it
without my wonderful sidekick good job
sweetheart you're doing great sweetie
he said your mom was but I want to be
new mom my laptop I can I sleep on this
blanket on too - give me that points
although this is a big glasses another
one I think should be too but I'll take
the one so obviously y'all have noticed
I've been drinking way more water I talk
about it every single vlog I put those
icons in the first place was like hoping
that having the water icon there would
encourage me to drink more water for the
vlog I mean I work a lot and that's why
I have the tasks stuff or else that the
water is the one thing I'm struggling
maybe the vlog I come home you really
did it like as you know my past block
line zero water points a lot of days why
am i drinking more water now let me tell
you it's quite simple that is I just
decided to today I was telling Colin
Brogan I'm like I have this thing where
it might take me really long to do so
once I decide something I'm really good
at sticking to it just why like I've
never been good at working out cuz I
never really had that moment where I've
decided like this I'm doing this like I
don't know if I'll keep being good at
drinking water
right now it's like you're I'm gonna do
this and I'm deciding to do this that's
my thing in life if I decided YouTube's
another great thing when I start making
YouTube videos like no I am making a
decision to do this and now I will do
this it's like before when I was able to
drink water whatever I might have said
it in the vlog or said to other people I
never committed in my heart another
example that's actually how I became a
vegetarian
I wasn't like some gradual process
literally one day I was sitting and I
was like you know what I feel like and
please know sitting there knowing
exactly what a Mick chicken a
filet-o-fish what all that tastes like
sitting there knowing and still think
you know what I just feel like if it's
not for survival and I can survive
without eating animals I don't think I'm
more important than them and then
literally from that moment I stopped
being me like done stop eating never
watch my disciple which is my way of
saying also my vegetarian story is not
meant to shame other people I'm not a
fan of people like I think animals
should be treated right and not even
that's me I'm not gonna judge you for
doing that I'm gonna encourage you to
make that choice maybe one day but I'm
gonna judge you might make you feel bad
what was I saying
right what I was saying was that's why
you never want to f with me because if I
make that decision like you cancelled
chances of me backpedaling and
unconcerned you embarrass them straight
up first day of period can I get an amen
for every one that literally feels like
trash the first day of their period that
mean brup brup brup it down for you okay
first day of period if you don't have
period first day it's just like what all
my brain is thinking right now is what
have I done to deserve this yet again
because I believe every month magically
that my period like somehow news just
came by breaking news from now on we're
gonna lock up their periods like I
believe that's going to happen and when
it does it I'm pissed
I might look ok but this is what I feel
like because I'm hella bloated and
literally my uterus is so rude what's
that oh sorry and we have breaking news
live coverage from Lily's uterus
that was my stop me when I drop salsa on
myself okay today's episode of what's on
my night table oh my god listen check it
out this is that what's on my night
table tours the Lambs a pretty square
but does this thing you turn in and it
goes very cool I have this little scarf
for my hair that's really pretty and I
have the remote and there's this cool
thing where it turns off on that thing
this is Scarborough's water bottle where
if he misbehaves I just scare him with
this or like threaten him I usually
don't do anything cuz he's just scared
of it but if he starts pooping or
something he's nothing to be doing it's
like something this is a gift from
Scarborough and this is a card from Kyle
this is a banana this is a binder with
the script that's my phone
these aren't my eyeballs here we have a
key the necklace tools and so this is
actually from the maroon 5 video that I
did this was Hema Adam got these made
for every person so that's kind of cool
these are okay so I'm not really big on
like oils or whatever my being right now
I don't know our oils but like I have
two essential oils by my bedstead and it
is for sleep the other one is for
headache the two things I have a problem
with all the time otherwise that
concludes my what's on my nightstand
guitar yeah those period hormones are
really these you can make a video but
everything this is a tour what's on my
wall paint thanks for watching today
episode I'm gonna tell you what's in my
mirror it's me and thanks for watching
we've been last clipless carbo squinty
eyes just fear describe or not exactly
like Snoop Dogg and I mean this is not
in an offensive way something about the
way his facial expression was reminds me
of Snoop Dogg just saying I think that
concludes my day because I'm going crazy
my stomach hurts so much my hormones are
not let's see how we did
until tomorrow when it's Friday Friday
you gotta get better Friday
you
