honestly my problem up but me and
problem back in my days when I was
skinny and had one chin here was my prom
opal productivity lives here today is
such a sunny warm beautiful day in LA
where do you live comment below let me
know what is the weather like what's the
vibe huh you feel it how are you I
genuinely want to know right off the bat
can we just can we just talk about how
my skin looks pretty great and I have a
lot of energy and I'm pretty sure like
I'm 99% sure it's placebo effect but I
haven't do you a lot more water and or
doesn't work this fast but just let me
have this moment and like I'm just full
of energy and it's great so I'm gonna
continue the water train and see if this
can last because I'm really like I was
doing my makeup but I was like oh I
don't need to like pile on the
concealers like cardi boo head to the
office
I got meeting one meeting to meeting
three got to go through my inbox I gotta
finish writing my fortnight script and
go to sleep really early cuz tomorrow I
have to wake up at 3 a.m. oh these
meetings I have today are like really
important they're really important like
business√≠ meeting so I'm gonna play the
part I'm gonna dress the part today and
maybe not wear ripped jeans and a
t-shirt Temba I so these the vibes got a
little bodysuit here white tank little
blazer little yellow and then I got his
dope shoes say run wild I'm kind of like
a fusion outfit you know like business
but also fun and also finger prints on
my mirror let's go alrighty finish their
first meeting and my first glass of
water
Oh skin you can thank me later I mean
first the water now this I'm just
killing it that's green by the way okay
your screens not playing trick that's
green stuff guess what this is my second
glass of water dude glass I know it's
only three I know oh my god I'm a
fitness guru get on my level this right
here this right here this is the face of
someone who's done all three meetings
today and all of her calls okay I had no
calls I had meetings but whatever finish
them oh I'm about to head home but
tonight I forgot I don't know how I
forgot I'm going to a concert with
Lindsay to go see pink which I'm psyched
about cos pink
an amazing reformer I've never seen her
alive but I watched her on TV like so
I'm so excited but I needed someone to
watch baby boy my ass baby boy being
Here I am baby boy so I asked Masako and
she graciously agreed so I'm about to go
buy her some hummus and some be on
burgers able to put my fridge at least
when she comes over girl can't eat you
excited to spend time with auntie Socko
mommy I'm so tired today mommy I'm so
tired today
my sweet boy you won't think it's a joke
but it's not a joke every time around
this year I noticed just like prom is a
really big thing and I get it when I was
younger prom was a big deal but always
people like prom dresses and other
youtubers do like bought this prom just
for $10 $10 $100 I don't do any of that
stuff but I do want to tell you about my
prom stories because I've been seeing
prom everywhere online so I went to like
a super brown school it was Esther be
Pearson and I vividly remember I wanted
a prom dress but what had happened was I
begged my parents for concert tickets
and I remember the exact concert it was
her dick groche it live in concert oh
please mom please don't want these seats
it was like $200 a ticket so I asked two
of my cousin and then we bought these
tickets my cousin's canceled on me last
minute so my parents inevitably were
pissed yo you made us spend money in
this damn ticket you don't get a prom
dress and I was like so I was like you
know what fair enough I flopped on this
I effed up I wore a sari to prom the
same sari I wore to my cousin's wedding
I was like yo imma just wear this thank
God I go to a brown school and many
other girls also wore saris with legas
so a part of it when I was asked that
moment I was like a little bear I was
like oh my god remember like I might
wear a dress
what I actually ended up really liking
my look I had this like updo and I like
did this Indian vibe thing into a super
super dope I had such a good time at my
prom I danced to post-storm I did like
to step in some heels like I had a
really really good time I don't see my
problem up at me and problem back in my
days when I was skinny and had one chin
here was my prom of it what do you think
if you haven't had your prom yet I don't
give you a lot of pressure but the dress
and the make
just have fun it's gonna be when your
last major memories from high school and
at the end of it and during problem
everything I didn't care what I wore I
knew in care what makeup look like like
I just good people and having good
memories and that's the memory you want
to end with to be honest like just make
it a good one with good people
yes I know stress about the money and a
limo and that you can do all that but
honestly just be around good people have
fun and be safe so Kyle what you got in
the box
Kyle would always ladies and Festival
packs what is this is this this is a
merch could this be merged samples for a
shoot we're possibly doing tomorrow then
I could wake up very early for yes oh my
goodness can I look hold on ready to get
your credit card already started Megan
now let's do this I want to let you know
I got popped for it with water
the
best show ever
yo thank you so much for taking me I'm
anxious Oslo dropping me home what a
good day like this I've never seen it
before we're like pinkies mind-blowing
this girl has favorite she's not scared
of gravity she's like I'm just playing
upside down all around on this rope with
one arm from one leg I just also sing
perfectly at the same like it was
amazing pink yeah it's like she's my
spirit and I just have never seen
anything like it I've never seen someone
so fearless and also look so there
wasn't a single point which was out of
breath she could be like literally
defying gravity singing perfectly and so
chill like she could do it again ten
times over it was so good so it is
almost midnight by the time I get home
it'll be 1207 I have to wake up at 3:30
so already at this point I'm gonna get
less than 4 hours of sleep but it's ok
what I would do it again for pigs obese
are you a spiritual I missed you young
boy thank you auntie stop over
dog-sitting what time is it sculpted but
time we gotta get I gotta go you wanna
forget I have to get for you 30 you can
see a little later
yeah the time you're getting it I'll get
it probably it like for merch do you see
the samples yes I think how you'll oh
you guys gonna love you merch is coming
new merch is come
you
