well amazing mother we hustle harder
productivity lives you look at me I got
a collared shirt button-up got some
earrings feelin myself do you feel that
you feel like shitty feeling if it is
going to be such a productive day
because my schedule is step back I can't
do the mission without my phone hold on
the mission for today's meeting one
meeting to call meeting 3 call meeting
for you five call literally those are
all the things all unicorn Island
production-related all YouTube video
production related just a little egg
your holy crap I have so much to do
meeting after meeting after me on on on
in the beginning of days like this you
know you can go two ways one way single
fragment of so much that's to do account
wait till it's a friggin over so I can
go home number two those yo F so many
things to do today I'm gonna mother I
can kill them all go home and be super
proud of myself so I've just mentally
prepared for a jam-packed day and you
know I'm a killer you're gonna kill it
right kill it together right Scarborough
just finished meeting while all the
amazing things unicorn island is working
on but it's like so cuz I can't tell you
about the music Scarborough things
Scarborough one carpet I said I'm gonna
hide on this sofa or you can't reach me
in unicorn island productions like it's
a lot much more long drawn-out when it
comes to producing things along with
YouTube video so there's so many secrets
that to keep video it's all dope stuff
and I cannot wait meeting to is to
figure out I can do a fortnight themed
video let's go into my office please
take a seat hello so I wanna
clone myself okay for this video and
then I'm thinking I skydive and I glide
into lonely lodges what do you think
sorry to me before in that video I go
team go teams gotta be ready sky dad you
know what to do or hey just finished my
third second I lost track just vision
that I'm meeting now I have 30 minutes
to relax okay I gotta go through my
inbox honestly there's nothing I love
more than going through my inbox and
getting it to zero it feels like I just
took a shower and I'm cleaning I'm body
clean and everything clean I love it I
am I nerd Am I
my nerd my nerd my nerd whiner nah bro I
want to Instagram picture downstairs
well that face of shock it's a good
picture where I'm lying down my hair
looks bad was you do that for me I can't
figure it out yes fast right good okay
I love me Rogan I do you do I really did
okay can everybody how let's stop
everything you're doing that's not
important help me take a picture like
sometimes you like the other corner like
I like to know like a wave like pretty I
just feel like other Instagram models
they always have a leaf in the corner
well I think I'm taking a picture of a
cement Balki just finishing another call
and you know what else then you know
what else sorry I know the stuff is like
kind of boring for you cuz you're like
okay calm you didn't call meeting we
don't get to see or hear any of these
things because a secret scible secret
world secrets the colleges had actually
was about tomorrow's video which is
coming out a previous meeting I had with
Kyle to figure out like our game plan
for the future and so just a lot of good
vibe just trust me trust where where's
the plus I am headed to my last meeting
after my media bummer cause sorry knows
a lot of meetings called me so that's
what I decided after this I'm gonna
knock all I'm gonna go back to the
office of a script right and have a
bunch of things that just needs to do
and I'm just feeling myself today I'm
feeling myself today and I want to get
each done you feeling yourself if you
aren't it's not too late let's go
all right wrap my last meeting then my
column back to the office I'm actually
in the office now just some housekeeping
things you don't put up my picture put a
plant in my head of developments office
order a patio set for the team just go
home I'm so hungry I'm gonna write
scripts still so I'm hoping they'll be
done working by like 7:30 right now 10
ish maybe and then hopefully we watch on
TV no just wash my hair my hair is
pretty achieve my hair is that you don't
might scold my hair my hair is actually
issue where does this clip even about
what is vlogging am i good I don't think
so why are you here go do better things
with your time making a little dinner
I'm not gonna lie like 70% of my
ingredients are expired but like I think
it's fine not only do I get more points
for I want to get some more water your
the trick is I made my edge so super
spicy I'm dying so my whole drink water
I'll actually just die this is a good
trick actually I'll just make this shut
up ok so it's 9 p.m. I'm not gonna lie I
like hit a wall I so tired now the day
is catching up with me but I've gone
through my a box I don't care let's do
it yo are you ready for this monumental
moment is about to go down you see this
this would be my fourth glass of water
if I finish this for you no world where
Lily never drank water today
will she drink four glasses critics are
calling it a mediocre film the New York
Times says they don't really air team
super says please drink up damn water
can she do it find out in three okay so
I'm doing my emails and I get to see you
for someone on my team saying that I
should react to someone by the name of
little tape now I know like very little
about like the name sounds familiar I
know I think it's a girl getting like a
young girl that's been going viral
online I don't know why I think of
something music related never heard
anything from having no idea I think
like Kyle was talking about the other
day I'm gonna watch I haven't watched a
TV video I can only assume it's
something crazy
I'm gonna watch little tape for the
first time right now and I think it's
issued because it's not YouTube videos
Instagram videos so they don't a has a
PSA nine years old dad
so many questions right now hold it real
thing or just like a comedy thing like
this is a real music thing like is this
like a like a joke or does a real big oh
no no no no no no no no no no Jesus
Christ what bricks you move him Bob the
Builder
hold on this has to be a joke when I was
six as McCleary she's great she's
imitating like she's clearly being fed
this by someone who's just imitating
like wrappers and grab this fine but
unless yours know you want who'd you go
nine years lying on Oguchi on the mind I
know Gucci I got goddamn forever 21
little tang got no license money from
that you holding
first off the tag is still on her jean
jacket I'll point that all right now who
is telling me to say these things
because comedic in such a smart way but
also like so wrong there's just so young
but it's like very comedic lead I don't
understand is this a real thing or minds
getting like pranked right now this is a
real thing that's happening what I get
the comedic value of it but it's also
like kind of sad cause like she's 9 and
hopefully like she's surrounded by good
people that are like hey this is just a
joke for the intro like don't actually
be like this but how do you know at 9
it's also like so scary what the
internet does with like how you could
make a career out of things like I hope
or it's not a scenario where like I
don't know so if you know let me know
what does a scenario where parents like
you oh we got to make a thing out of
something let's make it our you know
like cuz I feel like so often we're like
we gotta do things for the internet
because we can make a career and a
living off the internet just like we
still gotta have values and morals that
we gotta guide this young girl but also
I ain't got no Gucci this is gonna sound
weird but it's true but I've gotten much
better at taking showers and by that I
don't mean the frequency because I'm
pretty obsessed with showers I mean like
what I do in the shower now before y'all
filthy mind gets all the ideas but like
so I sold and I put on like this all
men's shower oil then I exfoliated I do
my shampoo than my specific conditioners
a lot of my self care goes damage I
never had time before before but now I'm
like no shower my sanctuary
I wanna exfoliate exfoliate but I want
to use this lathering whatever that I'm
gonna do it okay you know these tacos I
had us off right now you know why I'm
someone that from proud of myself right
now because an hour ago I was so tired
and then literally I was a second away
from emailing the team me like y'all
send you guys a script in the morning
I'm just gonna wake up early I don't
want to do this right now I'm too tired
I was like yo shut the F up you had such
a productive day don't end on that note
so I stayed up just 1219 a.m. I just
finished my script and send it to the
team boom let's see how we did today
and yo any time you think you can't do
it trust me you're Ken I'll see you
tomorrow
you
