goddamnit when so many years without
showing my nips on sector productivity
lives here you are new to the vault
you're like what the f is this who is
this person who's that adorable puppy my
name is Lilly where you been act this is
the hustling part of YouTube okay yeah
and eating Tide Pods and doing
challenges actually are doing challenges
every day is a challenge every conquer
are all about working hard here making
our dreams come true not through hoping
but by husky here's you do my makeup
shoot video one shoot video to write a
script for another video
he's the puppy and everything else is
bonus we are gonna kill it today let's
go kiss a puppy give me the points oh
look at this what made you such a
vicious grizzly bear why are you making
your head all awkward like that you
gotta hustle harder grab my finger right
here at Scarborough Scarborough hey hey
wait here come on jump jump hey don't
don't fall funny
try again I know what you're doing
you're pretending you're not gonna jump
but then you go for it I know you Jim
good job buddy you can do it jump oh
come on
okay we'll work on that
so the first video we're shooting is a
post clubbing video so I'd I'd be pretty
done up oh that's okay gonna do it I
cover this and let the hair down
applause all cleavagey shirt Oh team
super smells bad take a shower team
zubur not too shabby
away we go spend your time careful we
are drunk you are a friend
so this first video requires the camera
to be rigged on the dashboard we always
have this problem but this time we have
a really professional solution and we're
freaking killing I take this out paper
tape very good I feel so safe and secure
with this very expensive camera
okay so we've been trying to this scene
for 20 minutes now what's just
pretending to sleep but she's so good at
fake snore we can so we're try one more
time ready action
gasps a wrap on the first video honestly
one segment of this video is
word-for-word based on a true story
would mean my drunk friends when we go
through drive-thrus it's called when
you're DeeDee it's about the brave souls
who drive the drunk god bless your souls
ah so we on video number two right now
and this one is about when you
antisocial you don't want to leave the
house it's kind of the targeted ads
video which I love and taylor loves zero
people watched it but we loved it and it
is about knowing to leave the house and
it's a horror movie trailer parody and
she's a very normal bride won't you
subscribe to the vlog channel now you
have to because i heard if you don't
she's gonna come in though the night
until you sleep i wonder that right now
this are pictures of your new house
right now
taylor move y'all and I finally get to
go to his house yeah all of our friend
Jimmy's never invited me to his house
ever not once it's too dirty Oh believe
me too dirty
I think you're racist yeah pretty normal
day at the office here
Oh broken trophy of that day great
Bruggen okay so I just shot a scene we
our top 100 percent came off and
everyone saw my Tatas you guys enjoying
that was your payment for freaking day
don't even send me your invoices goddamn
it really sounded awkward and I'm just
like it's fine guys it's like broken we
think they were lovely that's a probably
like yeah my check doubtful he came down
everything all right wraps both videos
god damn it when so many years without
showing my nips on set I could tell
because when I came out of the water
they all like turned away and like we're
off I was like what the hell he looked
out like my before we out it was really
nipple covers like I said but it was not
it was not not my my finest moment it's
cruel we're never for the video maybe I
get more views maybe we shouldn't even
cut it what do you find your Scarborough
does the cutest thing we're like he
would just be crying at my feet and he
does want anything he just wants me to
hold it's gonna pick him up like a baby
you saw me do this is all you wants see
Zoli mas mommy told me no hungry you
don't got a potty nothing I just watch
you hold me like a baby
oh thank you baby question pushy pushy
honestly must be a full moon
I know alright the time is 10 11 it's so
early still I'm gonna go through some
emails and then I'm gonna watch some TV
some leisure and then I'm gonna go to
bed cuz I want to wake up early tomorrow
and kill it tomorrow got 10 tall was in
meetings right Scarborough high Rose
tired dude that day we did until
tomorrow where the hustle go continue
you
