it's the momentum that keeps me adrift
because I'm essentially not me holding
onto anything harder productivity lives
here I missed you you know what I'm
sorry my bad my bad I was at zeitgeist
which is a Google conference kind of
like TED Talks but Google asked and the
technology and it was way harder to walk
there than I thought but it was super
cool I saw so many amazing people talk
just hit puberty and check out this
amazing Mentalist what he did with
Cassie and her new husband check this
out
what it wasn't sick what today is it is
a new day here's the mission for today
and you know the drill follow along
because we are going to be productive
you gotta make every day count who's the
missions you shoot video one go through
my inbox soon audition right a red
quarterback go to a show all that for
let's do it yeah okay so part of my
video today we're gonna be doing a dance
stunt that I used to do with my team
back in the day it's real easy
our real dough okay you ready for this
oh the Halfmoon is broken what I need to
do is I need you to okay it's gonna seem
awkward but don't worry it's me great
okay I need you to get on all fours no
crushing okay great now you are gonna be
here you got to put your legs in a way
where they kind of wrap around and your
butts and pedicures you better go like
this I'm gonna jump right here it's a
bracelet yourself okay reflash my homie
yeah okay so okay so now you guys grab
my cycle right now as I go what do you
have
hey les yeah you went slacking over
there you go 1 2 tip 3 about one to
another 1 2 3 we did right we look at
nothing to over me but then she did this
and she's like oh wow I thought a very
good vlog saying we'll be teaching y'all
up I'm gonna stunt now kuba you look
strongest I feel like it should be you
no pressure
listen no matter if it goes well to Edo
but it doesn't I'm saying earlier gotta
go really the most basic of stunts to be
honest but I just haven't done it for a
long time but it is really basic
sanctuary i'ma run wrap my legs around
him and he's gonna spin really really
fast I'm gonna let go and be swinging
midair stay tuned I can show you it has
to be but here's the what makes this
done very hard is if you do it in halves
me there's actually more risk of it
going wrong it's the momentum that keeps
me adrift because I'm essentially gonna
have to be holding on to anything thank
you earlier today we couldn't even pick
you up interested Wow are you body
shaming me is because I only eat carbs
and fats and no vegetables whatever one
no I was saying I think you look good
Wow democrazy some jump
which way do we spin I won't bend back
until my legs are clasped my feet happen
were you cutting back okay like this
yeah I'm dying with your hand and you
pull back yeah oh yeah I might I might
get come on the ball that's a very real
possibility you tell like he's tick okay
good yeah yeah how you feel I was so
scared
yes the bag is mine calm down with the
ball okay open some fang-banger was also
Mustafa present on so just embrace
yourself there you go misako fan gift
number one Mustafa you are the hummus
queen so I decided to get you something
that can be used as a new home a serving
dish or something to proudly hang on
your wall
are you already crying why you know
shaky okay I'm stopping you straight out
of here this is so cute why don't you
think about your brand here okay the
second good wonderful thing hummus where
the heart is
this is so cute their hummus recipes
thank you third piece of family phone
this one all three different people we
do not navigate Masako hey Masako I'm
Maloney girl first they must that you
are so incredibly talented
I love the youtubers you posed there so
cynically pleasing your dance moves are
also fire also you are so pretty
thank you
whenever she needs you I would love to
meet you someday sending you loads of
hugs and positive vibes
thank you Maloney I like Brandis purse
yes just finish your writing my rant
about track or by God to show you the
Scarborough always sits here right and
he always puts his feet in my shirt and
he's always pulling my bra down so every
time I hold I'm have to be careful
because like literally my nip is about
to pop up
he's you're putting my boobies agent
fighting my boobies I gotta say setting
up lights and make sure the cameras like
all good to go for the rant easily
become one with these favorite things to
do I don't even know up for seven years
I did all of this myself for 7 years I
shot I lit granted no these less like a
lamp and I just did everything sound
with myself and who I am earned a crew
nothing done give me the points kiss
what's cooking good-looking mommy ha ha
don't embarrass me mommy I had to go see
my sister my girl Jessie ran the show
it's right beside what my office is that
it's called me list can be a vibe but
I'm saying till I close my eyes and feel
the music you building
you know what magic is magic is watching
people do something they were born to do
and that's what Jessi raises Carano
represent big off yourself she's queen
oh yeah girl tired yo ya'll watching
Jessie perform it's like I really miss
touring everytime I see some before I'm
like ha I know what that feels like that
feels pretty amazing I wish I could be
doing it I might like go through all my
ATT UI costumes in the upcoming vlogs
because like mad walk down memory lane
and I freaking love all of you and I
miss you like I miss you I miss meeting
you miss performing for you and miss
laughing with you miss like meeting eye
contact with you and in the audience so
I can feel special and you can feel
special we can share this special moment
like I miss all of that so so much but
for now we can love and kiss through the
screen for your face also today a new
video is coming out for super Thursday
here's a little sneak peek it is coming
now so make sure you check it out on the
main channel till tomorrow let's see we
did knock the south drink water
you
