does Lily sing welcome back please and
those will be hustle harder productivity
lives here in the holiday hue which
means my team is not at work I'm gonna
take a little bit of leisure day but
it's really a catch-up date today is the
day where imma do all the things I
thought I was doing all all those time
we're doing them today I just feel so
productive like I'm gonna kill it today
you want to kill it with me let's do it
here's the mission zoom spice little
metal bomb mother-effing breakfast must
sort out the bed sheet situation I'm
gonna make it so Scarborough has more
places to play outside and go through my
inbox I'm very important emails I'm
gonna write script 1 right script 2 and
everything else and there will be other
things our bonus cuz today I'm just
filling in like hot sauce first let's
queue a montage Oh actually wait one
thing's missing BAM
give me the points for the glass of
water you know what's up so yesterday
morning I got a call from my mom just
not-so-great news that my dad's dad my
grandfather passed away in India I was
like half asleep when I got the call
actually missed my dad before he got in
a slight cuz obviously he flew to India
I kind of opened my eyes I admittedly
wasn't that close to him I didn't know
him too well he is the same grandfather
that when I went to India said the whole
remember would give me the flower
garlands this picture right here and he
would say things like you made our
family name so proud and I think the
existence of superwoman really helped
him realize like the power of women
because he grew up in a very different
time in place and so he would keep my
newspaper clippings and all that stuff
you be like she's the one and I melted a
lot to me because my dad's found and
they're they're very like part of the
patriarchy like not to be a douche bag
but they are like there was a from a
different time in place and I think me
becoming superwoman really helped them
believe in the power of women so it was
really sad to hear that he passed my dad
went to India but it also was really
eye-opening for me you know that my
other
that an honor that was so close with
passed away a few years ago as well and
so it's kind of like time is a real
thing and we're growing up and I'm
growing up and everyday matters and I
want to make every day count because
people around me are getting older and
I'm getting older and there was a white
hair in my head yesterday but not to
dampen the spirits I wanted to make this
a motivational inspirational moment of
know why I make my vlogs like Jenny
we're gonna all so hard it's not a
facade it's not something I just do I
mean of course I do it in camera because
then it also hypes me up but it's all
something I really believe in I want to
just reflect after every day and be like
I made today count and when I look back
I won't feel like there were days where
I just like let life pass me by
it doesn't mean go skydiving every day I
mean if that's what you want to do great
but just means like working towards
something doing things even if it's like
yo I'm gonna fix up this balcony so
scarper can play out there I'm gonna
just do something you know just doing
something in a day I think that's why
I'm so obsessed with like the hustle
time is a real thing and I want to make
it count so no I hope he rests in peace
and he gave me my father and he said a
lot of sweet things see the last time I
was in India so it's good vibes but just
hug people you love and make it count
right Papa Bear are you holding your
fries packet when we loves you and
mommy's gonna dedicate today to doing
all the things to make sure that Oh
fries back it felt make sure we can
train you properly and you have space to
run around so my goal is this outside
area those railings out there which is
like at the same reason I have those
pillows right there he's too small and
he can fit through them so I want to
find a way to block them off put some
nice grass out there just make a little
play area very simple for him it's like
an experience outside cuz he's a small
boy right he's your small boy a small
boy trim that tree a little bit because
I know there's bees around that tree and
want them to sing scar breath a little
Home Depot and Petco to grab a few
things but we're doing it
all right first thing in the truck she's
kidding rubber you did so good
because how sick this flowers look so
dope I love it too Petco okie dokie got
all the stuff ready to fix up
Scarborough spot but first we got to
release the video this video is pregnant
with the food baby yes look at my hair
like a crazy person but it is about a
food baby shower and getting impregnated
by a food baby aka the closest I'm gonna
get tapping any chips Scarborough has
been such a good boy these past two days
he's been peeing on them he just pooed
beside the mat but he's getting really
close and he's being very any do the
stairs yesterday kind of missed first
ever treat it's a little peanut butter
cup dog treat and it's gonna be
Scarborough's first treat are you ready
scarborough touch sit oh wow so you do
know how to do it Wow buddy look at
there you like it buddy
yum-yum-yum-yum yum-yum-yum there you go
cuz you're a good boy super sixty starts
next
it's so adorable to see Scarborough Post
hanging out with cookie because he keeps
trying to do all the things cookie can
do so cookie could jump on and off the
so of us and now Scarborough keeps
trying cuz in his brain music cookie did
it why can't I do it that's why he's
going up the stairs keeps going up the
stairs oh my god for a second I thought
Scarborough fell it's the goddamn yes
yeah everybody do you keep trying to do
all these things that he's not big
enough to do yet you'll get there buddy
don't worry don't worry buddy you'll get
there okay just like your friend cook
you don't worry
Scarborough just jumped off the sofa
jumped off a new mama would be scared
but he landed like a smart boy oh my god
oh my goodness buddy you're growing up
so fast
how'd you go nope your face how you
going up your foot I'll fix my nose
bites my toes no biting please no biting
oh no being slapped
okay I'm done here we have a little
setup here with my new plan got the
fencing there I could make it higher
about enough just in case but that's
what's up and then we have Scarborough's
area just sleeping place with some
little toys some new balls and some
grass you can come out here and sweep
this whole place crabber what do you
think about it you want to try it out
what do you think what do you think
buddy let's go you can go outside now
and you can explore what do you think
buddy what do you think sniff it out see
what's up full investigation is going
down right now what this new areas are
you eating a leave stop eating a leaf
uh-huh oh oh here we go the excited run
here we go you excited buddy you're done
the two rows I actually think that looks
cuter good job buddy
good job but a good for you are you like
it I love it mommy thank you
time to make some dinner let's go let's
kick it up a notch
boom Seamus Timmy what we got is we got
some tofurkey with Diana sauce with us
some sweet potatoes macaroni and salad
oh hi and I'm not even remotely tired
yet so I'm really just gon kill it today
also picked up the pillows out of the
railing got my sofa back good food give
me the points good entertainment so this
is really fun I have to write some
scripts I was going through like what's
trending on YouTube it's very
interesting to see the like everything
trending is an experiment food-related
$10 this versus $10,000 this and like
challenges hard times for sketch comedy
I remember when I started like sketch
comedy was like the ish now doesn't seem
to be popping much womp Bom for me but
that's interesting video Shawn Mendes
answering some questions burning
questions of the internet kind of funds
I'm gonna try it so basically I'm in
Google right now so I'm going to say
does really sing many people are like
brothers to me he does leasing have a
daughter know I have a son his name is
scarborough's I think I'm a sister yes
her name is Tina and chachi vlogs as
well I'll put her link down below the
description mombasa 3 is what she goes
by saying how Lilly Singh how did listen
get famous my sex tape leaked I got
famous you know I don't really goddamn
know I guess my hair is really fab
doesn't do like it second one how do we
become babies y'all really just out here
being like widest hope how unrealistic
related to gun and bra we're actually
not related right he's like one of those
people I consider her brother we met a
long time ago we did a collab together
and I just consider him like my own bro
and I adore him how he's really sing oh
all the only thing I am unapologetically
29 how much is the listening work
I don't even know I'm not money savvy I
actually don't know how much of worth I
just know I pay a lot for a lot of
things and then I'm really cheap so
maybe I have some money saved up how
much does it make in a year geez I uh I
swear to God if I knew this number I
would tell you I genuinely don't like it
was so many finances going in and not a
little place my god business manager
financial manager probably knows but I
really don't friggin know how to contact
really sick don't even thank God by how
much loosing weight honestly probably
more than I should
I probably weigh like 130 135 big box
why Lilly Singh is a hero I hope that
that statement another question more
like why this thing is a hero not why
not hell Milly singer hero
Lilly Singh Murch losing calm losing
wants to be a millionaire question yes
there was what about me loosing age said
it losing youtube net worth book how'd
it be a boss losing dog good call
Scarborough the dog on Instagram losing
parents
I have those I really do limiting does
policing is from India I'm not my
parents are these things about will end
it on that you're not wrong
all right let's get to work now you see
what's happening here I'm killing game
it's 8:30 I already have both my video
ideas now I'm gonna script them and I
had no writer's block of creativity
today's just a productive beautiful day
script one done only one more script to
go in it's 914 I could possibly finish
by 10:00 10:30 and then watch TV huh
however you're sleeping with your eyes
open buddy he does this sometimes are
you sleeping are you wake hey coach your
eyes buddy script 2 sent when through my
inbox is 10:27 p.m. about take a hot
shower cuddle with my baby boy and watch
some TV I legit just wash my dishes just
like the third time today I'm just
killing it I killed it today I'm mother
effin murdered it I'm like the shower
and we'll go to bed killed it
hope you killed it let's go today until
tomorrow where I think what is that what
is that what we're gonna kill it again
by you
you
