welcome back lazy bugs we all saw her to
party in this here look at my hers first
of all my Mike over hair learn
everything by today's an exciting day
because safety deposit is a mission
today's you host YouTube pulse
host the concert release the video
that's the time with all the people
before we leave tomorrow morning come on
a lot to do today
let's get to it no I know handsome boy
hello handsome boy who's your agent boy
who's your agent boy do you hear you
Oh mommy's finger oh my goodness oh my
goodness I know what you're thinking
it's just a clip from yesterday because
I'm doing glad wearing the exact same
clothes no you day same clothes same
thing they're working different closes
you can see that's proof we're doing
glam again as I'm hosting all the things
today and it's gonna be amazing
look who's here how many people are here
yeah we quite this way to say you're
back with Sami quasi by the way sir is
very long here in case you have not
noticed let's just competing with me oh
oh hello I see you all coordinated hair
did everything dead look who's here
that's not what so excited to see them
no Wi-Fi no YouTube is the place where
Canadians come to watch we deliver reach
it so viewable and audible
you may recognize me is the very girl on
YouTube don't know me hi my name is
Elise thing I was named a UNICEF global
goodwill ambassador and the first from
the digital space is a fancy way of
saying I get to reimagine their digital
strategy and their impact on youth
culture so during the Denny's speech she
yelled out something about my coke
canada family and i went and she goes
who whistled are you here from Coke and
I'm go and I knew that audience member I
always do that whenever I know an
audience member didn't do the thing but
they're making eye contact with me so I
just put it on like I know you will so
look I didn't like all right he said the
brand portion of today is done which is
a little bit tamer of an audience but
it's fine it's all the brand people and
I love to tease them like who's wearing
a suit put your hand up right now sound
great and now I'm gonna get my hair
braids for the next portion of the night
I feel like an overwhelming amount of
anxiety right now every once in a while
I get these feelings are Mike I don't
know what's bothering me I can't shake
it can she got I'm gonna fight through
it I'm gonna do the damn thing and it's
gonna be great and I always try to
remember these moments from like if so
much more grateful for it so before I
went on stage I was like you have so
many friends here your family's here did
you go on this audience to talk about
things you love you should be grateful
so what you're not we're gonna go
through you ever have those no one's
feel I'm off but I don't know why I'm
off right now we gonna work through it
they brought us this lovely spread what
are you gonna have just witnessed my
team I'm talking about the food platter
more money than I could
I'll try it but we're doing thing on the
host
you guys know songs along
tinder
we did it and my voice is broken it's
like fan fest that sort of feels like I
should have bought my in-ear monitor I
did not and my voice is gone you shout
out to this guy who saved the day I
don't know we do because it was tough
and I would have struggled without a
co-host that's all but this guy held it
down hashtag sure the Lord can we be
real actually the real MVP of this event
was Scarborough he was so chill to the
whole event look at this guy came up on
stage with me wasn't scared at all
didn't make a fuss you're the perfect of
you're born for this life baby you were
born for this life
uncle Taylor shoutouts for taking care
of Scarborough good job he was well
behaved yeah did you bite your fingers
off yeah he's just watching you all the
time
tillers a great babysitter who's like
hovering his ears petting him when he
need to be pet look this guy
all of your paternal instincts that's
right very good job we gotta head to the
airport soon before I go if you're
watching this today today right now when
I land back in LA there's an ask
superwoman libor p.m. PST which is time
wherever you are
figure it out google it do the thing a
super night
Oh G style no theme no guests nothing
just me and you English but why are you
focusing on Kyle I'm clearly because
they know that I was about to share
maybe tune in there might be a discount
for something there is gonna be a
discount code given away for something
releasing related so if you watch a soup
I'm glad you're gonna save some money
let's see how we did today
until tomorrow where all the discount
clothes
you
