we're gonna have an awesomesauce day
today because I'm deciding that right
now I got my Samson shirt on because
we're heading to Universal Studios
that's we're going right Universal
Studios and I'm so excited because I am
actually a really big Simpsons fan my
whole family is so they have like a
whole Springfield there with Krusty
burger and everything and this is gonna
be like a dream come true for me because
I love me some same since let's go boys
welcome welcome
my mom's in full tourist mode I'm dad ah
daddy hi hi hi alright so today's
parking lights Cat in the Hat I don't
know any dr. Seuss riddles or rhymes but
I know they exist so pretend I said a
really witty one follow your dreams and
stuff let me excited see Springfield my
family grew up on the citizens not the
whole time in order dad yeah well we
like we like the skeet
because go doc alright so we're here and
I'm really excited it's nice that's
really freaking cool oh I know my first
stops Indian where I'm spending the rest
of the day all right guys you can pick
me up in ten hours
I love you I'm gonna marry a Cinnabon
one day into get that on a shirt I'm
gonna marry a Cinnabon I just found my
big bro
Kuno so proud when I see him everywhere
a bazinga so far this place is just a
compilation that are a compilation
combination of all my favorite things
together a little bit of MJ in there
because you know I'm already feeling a
lot better than yesterday so the huge
weight I weight at an order mister
weight has been lifted off me I'm
feeling better so we're gonna make a
promise have a good day today no matter
what
all right so waiting in line to get into
the park and we just bought our tickets
and Leslie chopped up set us on an iron
thing you know check all your band that
you go to keep on let me give you this
fast past thing for $70 per person we're
like yeah no thanks sorry let me give
you this little pager things that you
can make right reservations link their
dollars person and I'm gonna get no
thanks I'm here you want to sell us the
park next you want to try selling me
Universal Studios down just calm down
freaking now don't you know I'm cheap oh
my god I see homer and Lisa I'm
fangirling so hard
oh yeah nice right what up t-shirt
reference right you like my shirt
awesome go get a high-five oh you don't
like this we just made McFadden drag
hardcore to me they're real people like
I they're really ball right now so about
what a minyan me hiding game I've
actually never seen this movie and I
mentioned so far that promise my friend
around to a sub human being always
watching on this like for the adventure
I know it was really good I was
convinced I was real I tried to grab on
the president those present audience 3d
I tried to grab it naming em I mean I
suppose look at these keychain things
look for an ocean e come on an ocean e
an ocean e where you at
no she Angela Angelica and Gianna no one
knows me next time girl I got you but if
you're you want to change your name to
any or Anabel got you girl alright so
much go on this roller coaster I'm not
gonna vlog because I've never been on it
and I'm not familiar happy am I
drunk ever I just made sure you know
what I'm wash to CS and we're going to
leave the ear on the Wang wand is going
to blanching right there i right okay
best ride ever
I swear more vertical of everything
flows like snooze like this
we're so good there's like songs you can
pick which song we're here and there's
speakers manicures Dean's I can pick
your song and you just thought well some
to impress right now I'm too ready I'm
ready
hands the whole time somebody months oh
my god guess where we are I want to see
fangirling way more than I should be
right now I'm too excited
Oh overwhelmed overwhelmed look at this
oh my god oh my god oh my god look what
it is I ready
oh my god humble the poet is gonna be
too jealous right now
be jealous gonna be jealous alright I'm
a good spring feel right now use up in a
Rexdale
fun oh my god um you know people say the
best day of their life is like when they
get married or when they have kids or
something about this is the best day of
my life right now I'm in Springfield
dude all I'm saying is we all go through
heartbreak like the rod because it
realize he loves me you there you'll be
all right you know what I mean just a
realizing now buddy stuff will come
around it's good superwoman legs just
fear oh hey guys ready to get wasted
let's check it
we're inside Moe's Tavern
okay we're about to go on The Simpsons
Ride life prepared before this moment
right now I'm so excited
okay so Springfield seriously beyond
expectations now we're heading over to
the Harry Potter segment I'm not gonna
last segment section headquarters castle
Hogwarts whatever it is I don't know why
I don't know too much about Harry Potter
but like I've seen a few of the movies
but like I think it's really cool but
I'm gonna pretend like I'm an expert
right now
expelliarmus and abracadabra abracadabra
and wizards with spells long beard
what's-his-name
Gandalf I mean don't move or whoever the
long beard sant√© Harry Potter here we go
alright so here we are in front of the
night bus I kind of know what that is
that's the crazy bus that goes really
fast right right
great also we're going to Diagon Alley
right now I know I like don't know what
that is I'm assuming it's where you go
when you're when you die and then you're
gone so you go to the alley
nailed it Wow I know I recognize it's
all I recognize Valley when they come
together school supplies awesome done
expelliarmus that's the only thing I do
in one of the stores don't know what
anything is Weasley was their reason or
something
check it out
consumerism leaky cauldron I recognize
that Quanzhou room spindle warms wool
shop
I want to see this process okay cool
so we turn it on oh my god it's magic
it's magic
tastes like magic
Jessica a magician
so much this one is shall we let's go
hello everybody today I'm Ricardo and
he's been stalking me
love the dedication all right so we're
headed to this Transformers ride and
this is huge
Optimus fine little thing
well it belongs to
okay so basically I just saved the
entire planet
long story short on this motion
stimulating rides have stepped up their
game though so amazing I'm a transformer
OMG Curious George goes to town please
excuse me as I live my entire childhood
right now why can't just be real life
just like why can life not and it's
raining Florida why you do this vacation
round two are you ready for the perfect
dinner of all time
coconut bottle you know how I feel about
cooking about do not if you have not
talked about you might experience life
and BRB having the best time ever
okay Ellie and some low all right it
says 11 p.m. I'm heading to go take a
shower to wash my hair I swear to God
washing my hair because I have to get my
hair done the next day is like the bane
of my existence like how much work meow
so I'm all packed up I have to wake up
in about three hours and wake up there's
like no cabs in this area of Orlando so
my dad my brother-in-law gonna drop me
off at 3:30 in the morning which I feel
bad about but God do what you gotta do
um I'm nervous man I'm nervous and you
know one thing about me is I'm really
really good at putting up a front like
I'm not nervous
you will see me go to things and I will
never look nervous I will I just have a
way of putting up that front but since
I'm doing this like a real talk to the
camera dude I'm nervous it won't look
like it tomorrow but like I'm nervous
the streamys was on my vision board
Shahrukh was on my vision board mother
he was on my vision board the rock is on
my vision it's like slowly slowly all
these things are happening and I feel
like I'm thrown on this rollercoaster
ride or like things I really want and
dreams always dreamt of are coming true
and it's so overwhelming exciting but
also terrifying it's like so terrifying
when your dreams start to come true and
I'm so grateful but I'm so scared at the
same time I'm just thrilled to be
nominate and I swear I'm not just saying
cuz like the right thing to say I'm a
threat like course winning would be
phenomenal but like I'm thrilled to be
nominate cuz I remember watching the
streamys last year and feeling so left
out and excluding being like fright I
really want to be there and
tomorrow would streamys I feel really
have mixed emotions for leaving I mean
my family's still gonna be in Florida
for two days I wish I could be with them
I really ever get to go on family
vacations but I mean I make sacrifices
like this all the time and they're so
understanding about it and it's crappy
but you gotta do what you gotta do so
humble is gonna meet me tomorrow at LAX
at the airport and then our adventure
begins and I'm so glad you get to come
on it with me because I'm freaking
nervous and I need you hold my head I'm
gonna try to sleep now although let's be
real sleep is probably not happening I'm
gonna try my best
um and then I'll see you in a few hours
if you like it subscribe hey if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
