Scarborough promise me you're not gonna
poop under the bed today prop pinkie
promise me okay you pinky promise let's
have a good day okay baby boy welcome
back boss we awful harder productivity
lives here I went to the effort of
matching my shirt with my pencil it's
gotta be a good day we're headed to the
office we get the office I'm so happy
she's got a red strip one bright script
- I got a meeting I got a call I gotta
go through my inbox and I might
depending on time get a haircut for
Scarborough because this hairs getting a
real nutter we'll see Oh we'll see the
day is ours whatever we want to do let's
go I yell here I finished one script
actually what in a half scripts because
I tweet one this morning I'm about to
write one more I don't keep saying this
I think it's gonna be every part of
every vlog my coffee is killing like
every deep breath my lungs are like
absolutely what are they like and I know
you think I just repeated the previous
clip but no I'm doing that every time
fresh it just looks the same every time
it's a problem
a little tipsy Q&A with each other what
are you drugging me what is this most
today tomorrow when your basement no
Darla's we'd like a sneeze paying us
maybe our you it's national open okay
I'm gonna say almost right there without
cheer think that's day drinking thank
you
the secret to my success already things
I am please
let's move out drink Allah under the
damn case you wanted you want to sit on
my lap this is a step-by-step guide on
how you know concert number one he's
going to take selfies Gardens Instagram
all of his pictures are always through
these drunk I'm into the perfect kind of
disagree now Joe Collins if you're right
here and Toby that's exact and then
number two we face a really good what is
it a mimosa what a recipe is is a one
part two I enjoyed my team this is how
do nothing I refinish man do you think
aliens I mean I feel like aliens have to
be real like it makes no sense if
they're not real I just think it's
selfish and naive and self-absorbed to
think that there's no aliens angry
there's something out there I don't
think they look like what we think they
look like but you think they love that
net they look weird I know maybe they
could be walking monsters how do we know
you could be one do you think that
you're anyone's
do I think I've know I know of people's
work that I want to pre for the person I
got away okay there's that line of
people outside think those are post
maybe different people know those are
exes coming back now can do my tour also
no offense I'm so sorry
why do we have fingernails it has to be
something along the lines of like doing
work evolution exactly do it doing what
having to need fingernails like do
things pride thing it's the body you
know it's to scratch the booty those
hard-to-reach places that's why we have
fingernails do you think I'd be a good
lawyer
maybe you need good lawyer this is the
to partner because yes because if you
don't I will say anything with the most
comics like it will be he'll be like
this is coke and I'm gonna you know to
most things like trust me nothing like
that come back trust me it's a hundred
percent gonna con well all the time
actually yet to be a great lawyer
okay I question for you what is your
favorite thing about me superficially
I'm not trying to we are not talking of
motion the husband I'm talking it you
was into me you saw that thing is the
thing I like one I always comment on the
breasteses he does he does I think so
something we were like the earlobe thank
you really nice eyebrows every morning
no they would be there like my finger is
brown like I just I have no eyebrows my
favorite thing about Junsu perfect
Chewie let's see when you see Kyle
shirtless he's got a little bit of an
odd situation going on nice try going on
with something every time I forget I
just assume like he's gonna be a blob
undershirt but that you take something
if they stop my shirt I'm like oh you
act like you're the blob but you're not
with the shirt on you guys
don't distract me with any other
nonsense get outta here so it turns out
that I have one more activity plan for
today this one's all work though
y'all know there's one more thing did
you want to grow some dinosaurs it turns
out that tomorrow's actually the
definition of that are they - that's not
what I'm expecting about you - okay I'm
backing up on you it's another one of
those days where I come home from the
office and I'm not able to just chill I
have to do one more script I tried to
finish things at the office so I don't
come on work but like I also don't want
to be the office until like 10 11 p.m.
so I don't wash my hair my head really
super hurt Scarborough's knocking
haircut today every place is booked I'm
taking about a Thursday those are the
updates we got more work to do mm-hmm
wash my hair give me the points because
not only don't wash me I exfoliated
cleansed I I did all of the self-care
things dun dun dun dun dun dun dun this
10:41 p.m. I just finished my
technically third script of the day I'm
aboard Abed as per usual my head is
hurting gut you know I've been drinking
a lot of water - I didn't even blog most
of the water drinking you didn't have to
be the points when I drank mad water
today and mad my like - glasses but like
mother effing hell I just my cough and
my headaches and all the stuff they need
to stop I think it's mostly rooted in my
car is just effing up my whole system
but imma stop complaining about that and
I'm gonna go to bed because I have a
meeting early tomorrow about really I
mean 10 like god damn it that's so early
let's see what it
other than that I hope you are happy and
healthy
you
