what little wonderful team I'm going to
wonder that follow you who are wondering
what the bumper once's Wunderland it is
our amusement park here today it's also
super Monday and I should have made a
video basically it's a bit of a
last-minute plan I was supposed to go
line up council then I got put back on
so I was like but I decided to still go
and when I come back home I like 1011
I'll make my video then I really want to
go I mean I haven't gone in two years me
and an ocean air going and I'm so
excited I was like a little kid right
now I'm so excited so today was better
dad bundling
goons just and you coming quickly we are
first and foremost remember when the
rock tweeted me yesterday
I'm so excited oh she does very very
close to Wonderland so we're just
walking we're so excited Ito a little
dance yeah that's our breakfast right
there breakfast healthy Cheers people
usually go to theme parks like early in
the morning it's 2:30 right now we think
we are we're literally gonna go wait in
lines again to arrive bite me to meet
you home I could not get out this
morning okay we've been talking what's
like two years that we got a one line
there one that and use never had done
and that's going down people coming
crawling underneath take a little
preview of what our day is gonna be like
in Wonderland we'll see how many rides
we get to go on so let's you have any
rides we get on my yacht basically like
normal tickets are like these Fastpass
ticket so you can be live my bad and
crazy honest I feel like that's really
douchey and I hate doing it but I did
buy them they're so stupidly expensive
because I travel so much night I know I
hate travel so much is every block was
chewed so I never get to do this and I
want to run as many guys as possible so
I bought it
like a douche bag I am that douche bag
so I basically just bought the equipment
for house was so expensive Wonderland
why you do this why you do this
okay honest thoughts since the vlog
sometimes I feel really bad to my
friends or with you because they have to
and they never mind cuz they're so sweet
like an oh she's so sweet
every time people approach me she never
ever minds it's just so sweet Joyce
takes pictures I feel really bad
sometimes
so no SHINee when you watch this I'm
really grateful that you're so sweet
you're right behind me and you don't
know I'm talking about you but you're so
sweet you're so patient and thank you so
much that's not my knees initiating what
they used to be this is my current
strategy the first round of line 9 is
the light then well I know we think we
are because it's actually those biggest
drop and this carries right here
we think we're some sort of bought buns
right now but I'm here low those Peas
dripping down my leg right now let me
show you this ride right now
can someone catch my feet because my P
Samia I'm nervous I'm nervous dude are
you nervous I'm fine but I'm very
nervous right now
by the way from the time in the wrong
treated me
I'm being all right so this happen to
know she's laughing on the ride
my face on the right let's reenact our
faces
so we just wanted one of the wooden
roller coasters and I was not impressed
it was household raw it was like it
wasn't real real still the drop was like
let me try to bust a while though that's
mellow whatever that is
for something
cute top a cylinder like Superman I
thought we really wanted so cool I felt
so this ride like made us involuntarily
twerk the to give me a shot on the board
taxi you
so the people behind me are too scared
to talk right now
I guess so that would be me right now on
the wooden roller coaster those are the
ones that pretty much like if use a
version like you ain't anymore
at the moment commence screaming now
so I'd enjoy the ride yes do I know why
got it I'm stuck in time doing with my
manners on this rollercoaster for you
you might appreciate this right now
president scribe right now right guys
that's right nobody knows me guys I'm
sorry to tell you I died I died and I
went to heaven
a regional sour dessert very tropical
dark side what the hell's the starbursts
real good put all these cool people
they're so cute
your name all right nice to meet you
cute
hey pull the clothes right
this is my popper wet that's right we're
sitting in the same day
that's right we both fit right together
die together
you bad gas release my legs are so
pretty right now
too quickly too
all right so sick of reason people come
to Wonderland freaking so excited
everyone's looking at me they're looking
at me there's everybody judge me I don't
have that right now because I don't
follow this one okay you never had fun
okay
and to dismiss or stuff you stop
watching my video get a call right now I
Drive what's up and what goes in but
again I'm so excited
best day ever get married now three
three ways right now quit all proposes
that okay right now no she's gonna put a
piece in my mouth right now
I can't I
and so the hiney took to go I'm to go by
it I damned wonderland is done I'm so
happy we like to do it now he's going to
make a video so those 12:30 a.m. and I
still haven't started my video yet but
I'm gonna do it now I'm so sleepy but no
I'm gonna do what I want to do what I'm
gonna do whatever do whatever dudududu
way yeah ok it's 4:30 a.m. and I just
posted my video but you I did it I did
it and I'm proud that I came home and
did it and I think it's funny I freaking
loled while editing it I'm also big
nerds I mean I don't know how much that
really counts for before I go I wanted
to address one thing in the comments
below everyone's like you why don't you
sleep in your room but I don't know why
it's so weird why pretending to sleep
I'm not pretending to sleep I sleep in
this room this is actually my sister's
room she's moved out when she got
married buts my sister's room I sleep in
this room because my room is always such
a disaster it's always has my suitcase
and like all my stuff I'm packing I'm
packing going on so I sleep here you
mean my room is clean right now I'm
still so accustomed to sleeping in this
bed my bed is actually ten bajillion
times more comfortable this one about
two reasons one I'm just accustomed to
sleeping here now and the outlet is way
way way closer than in the other room
well it's really far one of the true
reasons but I mean before I leave on my
next trip I will sleep in my own bed
because soul control but I'm not lying I
sleep here even though my room's over
there so anyways with that information
and wisdom I must say good night to you
in my bed when I go to sleep for reals
okay good night
