who likes show tunes we mainly I like
short shots
really really me good morning everyone
it is 1:50 p.m. I have a meeting at 2:00
p.m. so I thought it was only fitting to
wake up right now at this moment the
meetings at my house is with my homie
gone where ok humble the poet this we
have to discuss some projects and musics
and a whole bunch of me and this eye
boogers are my eyes
this is humble he's phenomenal we're
work buddies you work together quite
well because we both slacked at just the
same rate and cut off track and exactly
the same rate so this is what humble and
I do during 99% of our meetings haha
my mama made us some yummy pasta so I
just raised my me with humble humble
well what are three words that would
define this mean you and how you feeling
right now very very productive plus I
got to see her again the second time
I've seen her since we have meetings to
discuss some our people and smart ideas
we mean it never stop learning as well
be rules yeah there you go right if you
want his wisdom shameless plug
his book information in the description
put some commentary Jamaican commentary
but then you ready you ready are you
ready you know ready you ready you ready
you ready you know red it's warm o'clock
yeah make me bring this both clap box up
to this house this blood clot what's in
the box what's in the box my mom's first
in line to grab a shirt right now so I'm
back I have a confession to make
I had these moments in life I feel
strong emotions like it's sixth weird
like I already have a history of being
like emotional and so from time to time
I think of my life is so jam-packed
sometimes I'm just sitting and I have a
huge wave of emotion sometimes it's good
sometimes it's bad sometimes it's like
I'm so grateful like oh my god life is
so awesome or sometimes it'll be like
man like I really need to work harder I
just have a huge rush of emotions about
having one right now and often I don't
know what the emotion is and have to sit
down think about it so what I think it
is right now and this often happens
after I'm done reading with my friends
or like specifically humble because we
usually have really inspirational and
motivational conversations but it's so
important to have good people in your
life and I feel like that's a strong
emotion and thought I'm feeling right
now which is like we do so many things
and we want so many things in life and
we think so many things are important
but if you actually look at it it's like
the people in your life are the most
important I feel and sometimes you
forget that these are genuine thoughts
and feelings I'm here and I feel such a
strong emotion of just like being
grateful to people in my life like
there's a lot of crappy people out there
it's really important to have good
people in your life you have good people
in your life man keeps you in your life
and that includes like if you're a jerk
to people like you could make it right
and like sometimes I have these moments
or I'm sitting here I'm like dude like I
should change this bow myself like I'm a
jerk to this person or I could be nice
which is person I could do this
differently and like this is important
this is important moment I thought I'd
just share that with you I know that's
what this vlog channels were right to
express my thoughts and feelings
that's trained to be a median meows I
mean it okay let me just tell you about
this amazing experience I just had
picking I love Apple so much and this is
why basically my iMac has been having
problems recent recently where like I've
had a lot of adware so if I click
something like 10 pop-up shop is it's
been active for two months and I just
haven't had time to address it because
it travels so much so I gotta make an
appointment
take it sieve my Apple care covers it so
I did this their little chat thing I'm
like hey does my Apple care cover like
it should I bring it in this home boy
took over my screen for one minute
deleted all the adware and fix my
computer
virtually Apple you are my BAE I love
you
breaking Apple's customer service first
cause buddy first loss Hoggart I love it
so I just have to share that with you
because your apple bag that I take a
bite o UND to make sure this is not a
lie right now he says I see you mama
what people really mean is funny look
okay I'm sweating I'm sweating I can't I
need to know how this happened what what
what how what did I say in this video
did I mention the rock in this video I
love you guys don't understand okay
growing up look I'm a disaster growing
up the rock was my absolute Idol you
don't understand like I know that's
weird
how do people that's weird but growing
up whatever was about the rock gave you
the confidence he gave me whatever it
was and he was like just someone I
looked up to i freakin cannot function
right now
he said look forward to meeting you I'm
shaking right now
so I've calmed down a little bit I'm
sorry about earlier close the show we're
all a little bit fangirl okay I can do
bad girl there's two people in the world
that I absolutely fangirl over and that
is the rock and Selena Gomez that I
would ever fangirl or like you know that
does not one person actually I need to
meet them before I die because I love
them
that is the rock for me this is the
second time he's treated me but this
time he said look forward to meeting you
I need to I can't I need to I need to
take a seat right now I need to show you
my vision board right now this is my
vision board that I always look at every
time like I sleeping and things I want
to accomplish yeah yeah that's right I'm
so glad I was able to vlog this and you
could share this moment with me because
I'm live I've been dying I'm dying I'm
dead
there's I'm a ghost I am
okay so my mom just pulled a picture for
your reference this is me and now I look
like a little boy but you know whatever
we all have our faces this is me posing
next to a cardboard cutout of the rock
that was the extent friends I don't
think you understand I was obsessed I
know everything about him
and everything I've read his bad
autobiography I know EPS this is going
on Instagram right now okay so it's
several hours later and I have calmed
down a little bit I'm in the steak of
like steak I'm in the steak of like
company there's Greg alright I'm in
state of like did that just happen I
don't know I'm like pissed because I
don't think it happened so if anything
I'm like upset because I was like
stomping up stories has never happened
anyways I've said it in all my previous
vlog today we moon I'm actually gonna
clean my room today let me show you the
state of my room this is not even
including that hefty suitcase that's
outside just my room let me show you how
messy it is okay good my dressing table
okay random hats here this is my bed
after the 300 video I threw all my stuff
here okay so it is absolute chaos and
the next time you see this room in three
seconds it's gonna be flawless like it
woke up like this okay ready clean room
in three two one leg up I have a bed
ignore those clothes I don't have enough
hangers but I swear I tried but they
screen no my dress until you stop
playing clean don't look under my bed so
I mean we still got a little bit of mess
over here I mean there's still a box
right there Sookie still aside but I
mean good first step I'm I am so proud
of myself like today has been good not
only did the rock proposed to me
basically the room is clean
I mean freaking great I forgot about
that night diagonally pal
thanks once again for watching my vlog I
hope you enjoyed it and I hope you're
enjoying these daily vlogging vlogging
vlogging ability vlog do vlogs now let's
sleep let's sleep together come
goodnight
