I almost fainted while driving
productivity moves here and I am all
done up my morning has been so stressful
because I was supposed to leave the
house at 9:45 I took some meds that
knocked me out and my alarm didn't go
off so I'll go by 926 rushed to a
meeting did the meeting but now we're
back a couple minutes before I leave for
my next meeting here's the mission for
today
now you can rewind that and play it back
in normal human speed meeting another
meeting then have a lunch I have another
meeting I go through my inbox make sure
I write script one script two for my
students tomorrow and I try to do
something leisure to get rid of this
that let's do it so yesterday I actually
vlog but I have some footage and I I
decided not to release the vlog because
it was like such little footage as I was
saying but here's a throwback to my
reunion with Scarborough yesterday when
I stopped all right as I dropped my next
meeting here's a little bit of what else
I did yesterday check it out you see
people you meet mum you understate but
mommy will be no sleepy boy I'm in
heaven right now
heaven I'm getting some congestion
medicine because my cough is just like
every like office ago but I can't
breathe I'm so congested so we're
working on that it's baby boy is
destroying my sweater which is more than
fine because I love you and you're the
light of my life teaching humble how to
play for tonight and you already tied my
best score or third figure natural over
your natural this boy right here is very
smelly this boy needs a shower I don't
care how sick mommy is you will be
taking a shower let's take a shower come
check this out this is a mummy I know
what you're thinking I
saw the towels but I want you to know
I'm not home right now I'm not home
right now mom mommy please don't make me
do it mommy please don't make me do it
please mommy I hate you mommy
buh-buh-bear do you have a good shower
did you have a good bath bubble beer we
still went mommy and I hate it
you'll be okay I promise you'll be okay
don't nag me bub
do love me he was actually pretty good
for today shower wasn't that fussy he
does this new thing where when I'm
drying you me stands now to make it
easier and of course he's always sleepy
after a bath when I sleep on mummy okay
come back straight up my everything is
messy right now my car is messy and I
hate a messy car my room and unpack that
come home I don't know you don't know if
I have time today goes up to write those
two scripts but week two scripts rather
than you have
he's like organized my life Mexico
Toronto situation ask Tom hi okay so
finish my first meeting super large plot
twist I'm not going to the rest of my
meetings I'm parking here Taylor someone
to pick me up stick to the hospital
because I almost fainted while driving I
don't know if there's not air getting to
my brain or I'm just shortness of breath
cuz I'm so congested but my hands were
like numb and I'm pretty sure I'm gonna
faint momentarily I'm just so like I was
driving and I was like blacking out so
possible a composite everything to go to
the hospital or something so stand by
900 needles have been placed inside of
me shoutouts to mother f and Taylor Kyle
and the whole team was in the parking
lot what happened was I already had a
heavy coffin at the end of my first
meeting I was like really hard time
concentrating
God my car was fine turning into where I
had to go I was on a left light turning
left left like a light turning left and
all of a sudden I'm like yo I'm starting
to lose vision I can't really see
properly and I felt my hands going numb
and I fainted many times in my life so
like I know the pre symptoms of it so I
was like my hands are going when on the
face is going numb I was like kind of my
eyes are kind of closing like no no
constant cost here you have like this
left earth thank God I managed to make a
left her as soon as I did I pulled into
a parking lot I pulled over and I was
like I need I was just messaging my
chief Taylor can pick me up totally see
the Burgin care x-ray a blood test
x-rays fine she said it might be like
exhaustion dehydration or it could just
be that I'm sick and I've been traveling
so much you want a blood test results
are coming tomorrow my team is a friggin
G I have to leave my car somewhere Kyle
picked it up and drove at home just I
team pull through so hard it was so
scary to meet in my car having to make
that turn being like I kind of can't see
and I can't tell if there's a car coming
and like it was really like
really had to push through to be like I
was trying to read things like trying to
keep my consciousness going to also read
the street side reading street sign even
like to text her look where I was like
couldn't type the numbers it was really
friggin scary so I'm so grateful that I
was able to make that turn and pull over
or God knows I feel like trash I feel so
weak I don't know what the hell's wrong
with me so we're gonna rest and forget
it
figure it out alright finished one glass
of vitamin C water this is my second
right now working on scripts for
tomorrow no she's gonna think well you
need to rest I slept so much I can't
sleep anymore like I'm rested out so I'm
just slowly writing up my scripts and
I'm taking it easy but it's gotta get
done so that's what's happening right
now and 8:41 p.m. the cough gets so much
worse than nice that nice at night sorry
I'm probably so out of it this vlog but
you are the girl who's trying medication
alright it's midnight I'm gonna go to
bed so I can get tense all that hours of
sleep what a challenging day indeed I
drank so much water I drink Gatorade I
ate like a lot of stuff so I shouldn't
be fits always whether its dehydration
or not you problem I've covered all the
paces so I'm hoping tomorrow I feel
better I don't even know what the hell's
wrong with me so my blood test is gonna
come back tomorrow so Lizzy sorry - it's
boring blog it was a struggle but let's
see how we did today onwards and upwards
- tomorrow where hopefully there's no
feature
you
