Sabrina and um er sorry Omar for the
first time ever never before done harder
productivity lives here we are in Cancun
Mexico my voice is a little better I'm
not as sick which is great news because
today I'm officiating a wedding wedding
in quotes because as you know already if
you watch my vlogs armor is already
married but this is a second ceremony
one out of a million events I tell you
here's a few days you change my hair and
makeup go over my notes to officiate a
wedding officiate the wedding get a well
deserved massage and probably party for
the rest of the night I'm not even gonna
say things like inbox and the rest of
yada yada yada today is about just
getting the damn thing done here we go
so here are my challenges right now it's
so humid and hot that like I curled my
hair but like it's probably gonna follow
I didn't put eyeliner on even though I'm
officiating cuz it's probably gonna melt
off I think I'm gonna be the only sober
person at this ceremony to be honest
based on the events of last night so I
feel like Julie truly and honestly I
think I'm the one person that's gonna
officiate and be the witness of this way
otherwise it was the wedding of are you
honest
okay so I think I'm pretty good with
what's happening my hair is completely
falling out now it's only a pretty short
and I'm kind of stressed about it but
like I shouldn't be to be full of energy
and that's gonna do anyway so this is
the first time and an honor I don't want
to disappoint people but I guess that
everyone's well gonna be drunk and I'm
just talking a lot because I'll feel
better but notes here the whole thing
the first time before ceremony you
really appreciate it look at them look
how much they appreciate it that's
you're here you've given them your time
your energy your livers I promise to
laugh with you in times of joy and
comfort you in times of sorrow I promise
to take less international Dole gates
listen to compassion and understanding
and speak to you with encouragement I
promise to be your dirty no matter the
taste or she let us be partners friends
and lovers today and all of the days
that follow today I promise to love
respect and support you every day I
promise to be on time because everybody
knows if you know Emer and being late
it's a big deal I promise to always be
there in sickness and in health
especially if it's my cooking I love you
more and I cannot wait to begin this
journey of love together and just as a
side note I can't wait to work outside
of fashion during my summer are you sure
you want to get moved for the second
time are you sure you want to do this do
you ever take Sabrina as your favorite
person to smile with to laugh with to
grow old with to support to be proud of
now and always if so please say I do I
do you know think about this you still
have a chance okay do you Sabrina you
can take Omer to grow old with to laugh
with to cry with to be proud of to deal
with him practicing Thole in the middle
of the night and to go through life
struggles with now and always if so
please say I do I do pronounce you
husband and wife
in Macy fashion and not upset any
parental units here
you may now all really enjoyed it this
it was funny it was short to the point
I'm the first of all like if you
assigned me something to do like that I
can't just take it chill that's why I'm
so stressed last night he was worried I
was like I have to do a good job and
when I say that I don't mean it a way to
brag like I always tell my friends that
I tell homeless we talk about this a lot
it's like a double-edged sword because
yes I execute things well most of the
time because I put a lot of effort but
like it consumes my life like I can't
just like yeah and I'll forget on do it
no I got it like sit down make sure I
have proper beats and it's just kind of
like consumes my life so I'm happy it's
over as long I feel like a weight is off
my shoulder and I can enjoy the next two
days here no no let go out and do the
thing and I have no responsibilities now
so now I get to be responsible with
everybody also to add to the resume
founder girl of actress author YouTube
star
wedding officiate officiate officiator
officiate the officiator of weddings so
there bunch of a picture everyone jumps
in to the pool and we're just like a
white shirt I can't be doing that today
it's gonna jump in very good there you
go
very good everybody very good as you can
see chase take a lot of work over here
finishes duties instantly puts on donut
pajamas and going here a massage I am
assaleh I always have this habit of like
Lily walking I'm like you can go as hard
as you want to work who said I was like
Oh
y'all go to a club and I can't take you
because mama will get drunk I can't lose
you not one that let's do it
this little guy lives by our room hello
friend so today is pretty much the last
day of us being here we're leaving
tomorrow morning afternoon I haven't
spent a lot of quality beach full time
for us to cutting the grass my vlog so I
made my parents made a pool and beach
right now just relax maybe read a little
maybe some music will see some please so
you know that I gotta get to the lobby
space too that I might never make my mom
look like a sweeter taking the whole
trip ever was like a whole trip
following my head the whole trip he was
becoming a free man kill your parents
are so cool yeah my mom has been the
hottest person here in the whole trip
straight up hottest person this right
here is called the Bob barley drink it's
one of my favorite resort drinks Cheers
okay so my langa is way too hectic to
care for my parents room to my room so
I'm just into my hair makeup and go over
their room and change and then have a
basic color photo shoot that's my plan
for right now and I'm pretty sure I'm
burnt in various places hello
so many channels question for you chase
how was your day it was the best part of
a day the Sun it was the worst part of
your day the gym today was kind of hard
that's all just the gym that I saw this
morning he sounded really flustered yeah
you know something that I don't know
this morning you were flustered about
something was it you you know spice what
did you lose this morning my phone my
phone I lost my phone this morning but
was it just in my suitcase did you not
look at yours too good I did but there
was like clothes and something I do not
care to go into the fact that we hit it
oh so basically what happened was last
night I kept telling you to plug in your
phone and you kept ignoring me in your
drunkenness day and I was like plugging
you're funny like note my putting your
phone so when you fall asleep I grabbed
it from you and we hit it in that drawer
and then when you kept looking for it
over and over and over again this
morning we were both awakened laughing
and he was so frustrated
panicking and then he went to the
washroom and we put his phone in his
suitcase which is key because if you
look through a suitcase like 1200 times
like and then I put her right on top and
he look at music oh my god oh my god we
got you we break you so hard so hard man
you say embarrassed oh my god look it's
you look at you you should be ashamed
I'm ready to go and now we're gonna have
a basicall photo shoot with chase chase
made her shirt look at my reaction he's
like I don't care if I'm in my underwear
in the vlog super iPhone but don't look
at my garbage bag shirt and mom dad over
there's being like I'm ready to go we're
all here celebrating Marin Sabrina
you know what's not
so we feel that was drunk enough we can
go change them so with a change in crew
onesie never go do some serious cardio
right now that's the last game plan get
on our level though get on this level
though smartest people at the party
right here
it's Who I am I'm very tired it's 3:00
a.m. it's 338 I'm very tired my feet
hurt so much I don't care I'm going to
pack before I sleep because my tomorrow
self will thank me for this a lot not
accomplished in this vlog I appreciated
a wedding or reception and amira flying
back to Toronto for one day
you
