welcome to this episode of chase being
drunk with my dad this is my dad he
doesn't he's trying to deny me no I'm
not I'll come back to releasing laws we
hustle harder practical easier and I'm
still sick and I can't hear how loud I'm
being at all because my ears are plugged
so am i whispering am i loud I don't
really know I'm in Cancun though for the
seventy-fifth event of our wedding and
here's the mission for today I'm plug my
ears so I go through my inbox go to a
pool party touch base with our on the
wedding I'm officiating tomorrow and I'm
just chillin Johnny better for us a day
what anything throw the voice whatever
it's the not hearing cuz then if I don't
wear my glasses I can't see and I can't
hear and it's the whole thing so this
one's okay this one's very very plugged
and I just am in Cancun it's beautiful
my vacation vacation and I just need
this to sort itself up it's the vibes
though also I miss Scarborough so much
it's ridiculous check out this video
almost let me of him waiting for me to
come downstairs and I'm not there
the hell abandonment issues begin that
legit broke my heart like I want to cry
I miss him so much
I'm like these palm trees aren't worth
it I'm on my dog the good news my ear
half pop just divided without going on
with that shot a lot of cleavage but
whatever you like that cut into a pool
party right now and friendship is
happening Shay should we get married
right here let the wedding begin right
now so we just ate I have to poop now
and then we're gonna go to a pool party
okay the shirts here we're here for
armor is ninety fourth day of his
wedding celebrations he's the groom for
education few survives where's your bun
install this for me they said I'll be
responsible there's a champagne like of
course
like trying so hard not to be sick as
I'm like in a beautiful place don't
people buy my sake tryin hoping just the
right amount of alcohol will kill the
germs in me medicine doctor so I hear a
pool party in what Raptors game as new
stars who are trying to get it up here
pray for us pray for us pray for us
please yes p.m. please bring y'all pray
yo game and this would you hey LeBron
James and you ready for the Raptors
right hey thank God game to experience
beautiful way to there in Cleveland also
it's questionable mr. Singh I like your
shirt red shirt high five good news is
beautiful
bad news I don't have a voice I have to
officiate a wedding tomorrow and other
Raptors lost horribly we just lose lost
horribly we're now down to nothing in
serious
welcome to this episode of chase being
drunk with my dad
carry on your drunken conversations this
is my dad he doesn't he's trying to deny
me no I'm not uncle you're trying to
admit that you're not my dad uncle I
didn't say that no tell everyone
no I didn't tell you they're kids you're
not my dad oh cool what are you doing
you're come on
you make me Saturday no I'm not drunk
sober what a weird scenario is gonna
know you know know when you a mother F
in a hot steaming meadow we're good
we're good she might be let me ask you
some questions can you answer okay
what's your favorite thing about me
she let she has like
he's lucky he's a close friend not some
Rando so you're allowed it's but it's a
good friend thank you so much what's
your least favorite thing about me
you're too busy for me because there you
guys you know it's not even her fault
look at you guys yeah I blame all you
look at me right magic look at me right
it's good you guys you guys are making
my friend dissing for me is you know you
miss it too needy
yeah too needy my friend I love you I
think you're perfect by the way please
click my ads okay so now amongst all
these drunk people either irresponsible
to write this I have to go and do some
work because I have to write the
ceremony that I'm fishing tomorrow that
know what almost like yeah I said your
template I'm like you weren't even you
always work right now so I've no right
to say honey that's what I'm gonna do
right now all right since 11:48
everybody's out and I'm think I've
pretty much figure out the ceremony I'm
not gonna lie I say this little hot and
this is a change of a subject but I
really miss my dog like I find out when
I'm not with Scarborough now I feel so
lonely and a part of muse missing I
really friggin mess him like I really
wish it was here I am literally like
just a limp so I really wish she was
here I can't wait after Cancun I'm going
to Toronto for one day then going to New
York for the Farenheit premiere but
honestly I just want to go home
describe I wish it was you're with me I
wax my mustache and I'm ready to go to
bed cuz tomorrow I got officiate your
wedding let's see how we did today I
learned tomorrow I'm gonna do the I do
you
