welcome buzz with off the heart of
productivity and wedding festivities
live here today a little bit confusing
I'm starting my day I don't quite know
how my day is gonna end because there's
a lot of factors this situation the
situation is I gotta leave go really far
through my hair and makeup drop off scar
broach my friend is gonna dog sit him go
to the rapper's game go straight to
Amber's wedding event so there's a lot
of things I need to be conservative
where's my car gonna be I have to leave
my car somewhere tea and I are gonna go
to the wedding thing how do I go back to
my car I don't know when will I pick up
Scarborough a lot of things are left
open-ended right now but we gonna figure
it out here's missions you better make
up done Joe Scarborough go to the
rafters game go to Umbra letting events
get home safe Barry against drinking and
driving that will not happen even if I
gotta leave my car somewhere in uber I
will do that and we'll figure it out
safety over everything let's go
another thing we're like I can't
obviously leave Scarborough with any
Rando so it's actually my sister's
friend who's also become my friend who's
gonna watch and she's the one that had a
little boy everything like Scarborough
so hopefully they played together and
show but essentially she's gonna watch
them - like 2:00 3:00 a.m. until his
wedding event is done and I'm just kind
of like a stressed mom right now but we
need to let go we need to let them grow
up you don't have me it's about to get
dingy and then you're really pretty
I'm glad thank you so much thank you
thank you love you love you blend shut
up blend like are you awkward so I
should keep your hair on you so you're
not awkward you're beautiful you're
beautiful within your haircut the china
shop yeah
here is the stressful situation is 406
right now I have to go drop off
Scarborough somewheres 36 minutes away
then from there I have to go to my
sister's house and drop off my car there
then uber it downtown here's a situation
about downtown there are four game
Toronto games happening in downtown
Toronto Raptors leaf switches honking
through the soccer game and more another
one I can't remember this floor so
downtown's will be ran so games are
doesn't have three hours of all those
things and traffic will be hectic we
gonna pray to the gods right now just
happy ready baby boy you've been so good
mommy look pretty mommy look pretty true
your hair alright let's go let's do it
and it's raining so uh sucks that it's
raining so hard because I'm literally
gonna walk outside my hair is a rule of
a bear Mama's gonna drop you off I'm
gonna miss you so much so much you'll be
in good hands okay Papa Bear he promised
let's go chopped-off Scarborough he's
actually gonna blast because the little
baby's there in the carpet which he
loves Animus him but he's in great hands
I slipped away I didn't make a big deal
of my goodbyes cuz I don't want to
notice now let's go it is five of dam
only 15 minutes behind schedule were
just dropping off my car but a jump in
an uber and the chances of inter Arnold
driving knowing they are very high so
hopefully we get there faster hey bad
now bocce I'm so excited
good
we're here the people right here we're
going to be walk them walk down
here do you know the tryina audience is
about to go fuck right now
half-pint things aren't going great
we are technically winning but we're
missing a lot of shots and it's not
going great so we're hoping for a better
second half right now let's do it
I want the pizza
literally my hairs me know straight
right now that we went through the
traumatising game when came out
victorious now we have a traffic I think
changing time we're gonna change in the
car we could go inside to the washroom
but like a lot of stuff to carry my leg
as like 30 pounds so also the highlight
of the game for me Drake fully waved to
me
he saw me he's like I was like I don't
know about marrying mom just saying it
was kind of cool cuz we look far and he
recognized me wait I was like kinda baby
daddy so my hair's a little fallen but
that's okay it's expected it's raining
you can't see what she's in wearing so
I'm gonna wear these kicks with this
langa what i'ma do
I am just a responsible mother because I
didn't drink for like the whole ladder
of the party and I'm completely sober
I'm gonna change cuz this line goes too
much a drive in hand I'm gonna put carbo
I'm so excited I miss him so much
geez changing us opens a mission that
outfit takes up my whole back seat just
mission and a half I miss my baby let's
go look who it is
he's ba ba ba I missed you Bob I did you
miss me I miss you see I should go home
and cuddle okay let's go let's go let's
go Bubba let's go hook hold on homey
we're home Bubba beer Oh someone's very
hyper for 3:00 in the morning I must say
thank you for joining me today what an
eventful day Raptors game that stressed
the F out of me wedding festivities are
very very fun and responsibilities you
don't wanna be responsible because when
I go to Cancun for the second part of
the wedding little baby boys not gonna
be with me and then I can turn up but
for now I take care of you Thank You
Bubba thank you for the French kiss
let's see how we do it also when you're
watching this it's a video day it is
super Thursday he's on a sneak peak of
the video
chuckles of dirty dancing it's gonna be
a good one possibly one of my favorite
videos I made a very long time make sure
to check it out and today the hustle is
definitely gonna MX so state
you
