I promise today we're gonna work hard
it's 1:30 p.m. on a Monday your mom to
beat me up everything you've said in the
past baggage like I think you're wrong
gonna beat me up if I think you look
good hello pillar tool is Percival's
cover losing balls we lost harder this
is late but here's my I gotta go to uh
my store to pick up my wedding outfits
and try on more wedding outfits that's
what my inbox got to release my video
got her to super 60 have a call later on
today I've dinner with the girls and I
need to like read and write and do all
the things so let's do all the things
can we talk about ok descriptive laws
probably gonna be about there I was
innocently standing there and I'm like
chase I think this ostrich to my back
there was a wild turkey and my when I
live in Canada this was not a thing
there was no wild turkey this is like a
new thing I used to live in this house
there was a wild turkey in my backyard
here is the Instagram footage there is a
wild turkey in my backyard right now
just just right there chillin hello
everybody I know it's not my time of
year but they did actually is it was
Thanksgiving I don't know the point is
what are you kidding me new turkey slide
why a wife's trick you a backyard I have
so many questions Thanksgiving right now
we're Christmas so it's like taking in
chill I know I know I think it's not my
god it's not my daughter I know what
you're thinking and yes eventually I
will take these braids right now medic
to our store I got try on my wedding up
and get a whole bunch of other outfits
for Indian weddings there's like 94
events but one of the events is after
the Raptors game so I'm honestly my
like word like a Raptors Jersey to this
wedding event we'll see we'll see
look up we're up so for those of you
that aren't Indian and door jamb Indian
wedding 794 events we all required
different outfits so the guests are then
obligated hello we don't mind whose
numbers our friend but we're obligated
to get like so many outfit and it's only
50 for events it's like 200 mm yes
exactly it's almost like I'm reducing
large so he's like I would just each of
my events also can affect each my events
can have a pre event basically is what I
write almost or there's so many things
you can destroy here and you're gonna
destroy none of them okay baby I was
trying to find him like Al Gore thug for
the wedding I'm working out I'm working
on I'm working on it okay for you baby
for the way here he has a bowtie
we'll see no eating all the stuff okay
rubbish all right premature I mean look
at me I'm sure initiation stop from one
g1 g2 look pretty sick on this fun fact
when GT Tour outfit is from on restore
scarbrow should we find you something
already done try not open to tried on a
crap-ton but I officially have enough
before the jug go tomorrow
eat the next day his ceremony the Cancun
reception now eating all my western
outfits all the other events in Cancun
so a lot of things I like all my outfits
they're really really nice the great
thing about our getting married is
immersed or sad a fashion show shut up I
really want to try finding something for
little baby boy we're heading home I'm
sold way cuz I've just I've tried to do
too much today so Soleil quickly to my
makeup we get Scavo stuff they were
heading to Sheena's house for dinner to
see my girl so after that when I get
home I mean I haven't done much work to
be fair I haven't done work like emails
yadda yadda I got to release my video to
action for those who knows the point is
I have another email work but I've done
a lot of other work I have to do in life
so something productive okay okay just
released my video is my parents reacting
to my Instagram pictures part 3 you guys
really like those videos and I hadn't
been putting G Thamud youth for a while
how die
I've been making that up I may have I
don't know I do those videos I hope you
enjoy it as well but now we are very
very very very late and we to go she
knows
nan-oh yeah what do you think of us
Cairo just like so confused cuz he's
like my nephew but then I also made out
with him today so there's like always a
lot of emotions I think what Scott
machinae is very chill sweetheart he's
actually really calm that's what you
have to realize about Scarborough men
use skin but we really chill in the
inside yeah baby yeah so Sheena my
friend over here made this on her walk
this is one of her art pieces where was
it featured again she was just another
show wasn't it festival of ours
okay very good we're like where are all
festival but friend she made this like
designed it in this crazy I think I need
to back up you a full it's a full
situation here what is it called again
tell me it has a name
stop being modest and shy don't be
modest too shy Maya what does that means
it about Mercury's mad Saturn I don't
use magic
I'm also you got you should know they
have a video about people in horoscopes
a 100% based on Sheena she was the pure
inspiration but happy to you my pretty
lady nothing to be ashamed you should if
you tape on it love yourself materially
and Gatorade yeah yeah yeah that's true
it was a joke I took I definitely stole
it and also when I sent the V to the
Gooch I had to give like a disclaimer
like guys this is about scheana I'm said
you'd advance oh you don't
she don't watch it and she's like yo I
respect this so good I know it's crazy
was it made out of she knows what a dope
yeah you're sick guy big guy are you yes
big guy
all right back home it is much later
than anticipated but honestly I had a
semi productive day I did the wedding
stuff I need to do I released my video I
did all the stuff I didn't get through
my inbox and didn't - as much as like
reading and writing I want to do but now
was just really nice spending time with
my girls and I feel rejuvenated and
refreshed in a new way where I feel I
can do a lot of work tomorrow so I'm not
gonna beat myself up over I had a really
really great time chance with my girls I
don't get to see that much I moved away
I just think it hits me every once in a
while where I was like oh my god I moved
away and I missed these people so he's
really
let's Carver had a great time because
she'd had a carpet scar without a blast
I'm sorry let's yeah we did today
tomorrow the wedding festivities start
so we have to balance work and wedding
stuff but here make a pair makeup hair
and makeup and you know fit in you know
fit in you open it is wedding time
you
