if they're gonna be his brothers for the
first time my nephews welcome placing
phones when we hustle harder pocket for
this year we're in Toronto and my old
room Scarborough is hanging with my
parents right now I just gave him a bath
so you know that was a lot but the good
news is I found his exact food at the
pet store here and we're all set and
he's all settled in and I'm so proud of
him for surviving the plane and being a
good little boy is the mission for today
you take it ready cuz I'm going to a
humbled TED talk humble tastes and knows
you're all gonna meet Scarborough for
the first time I go through my inbox and
I unpack my stuff I mean that's my first
day in Toronto and I try to take a
little bit easy so let's do all of it
first days are always hard I know it's
only three hour time difference but
everyone that does this LA to Toronto
going back to the East it's super hard
the time difference just like FS with
you cuz it's just like just subtle
enough to like disorient you so I slept
until like 3:00 Scarborough is really
tired too but not too much work I didn't
get done today but I'm so excited for my
friends to meet Scarborough and
something I do the say in the mission
how to call or do some work reemerge you
much dare I say soon all right I'm about
to leave so today is actually Raptors
game 3 and it is the exact same time as
Hummel are talking at a TED talk a Q&A
and me and Hummel are so straight up
where he's like dude you honestly don't
have to come I won't care watch the game
no I was like you know what I know it's
not obligation but I miss you I've been
seeing you so I'm going to miss watching
the game to see how what true friendship
hashtag real friends I'm excited to see
him after so long so let's go also
there's no
right here alright so humble killed it
did a great job T and I are in the green
room now doing something very crucial we
managed to make the TV work to watch the
game right baby let's go Raptors do so
as I was explaining this is Game three
they lose this references this that
means I will get to go to playoffs game
salvage League I always have to wanted
to win but they're currently losing
right now a game and they use is usually
super stressful so just put it out there
bingo we lost a game get ready gonna be
that good job one ball you throw all
done Scarborough was a big fan I
appreciate you guys making the time yes
of course good job good job sandy good
job you good job everyone
he's got the Raptors can we talk about
how this floor is so slippery for
Scarborough sorry kids
I think everywhere like the cutest
little bean I'm currently unpacking to
my two drawers I've made available
during my previous trip it is cold like
it's cold for those either speak Celsius
it's like one it's one degree Celsius I
don't know that it's the Fahrenheit but
it's cold as hell minutes he's ready to
cut glass right now I would unpack eat
something then probably watch some
handmade Ted first of all I just drank a
glass of water and do the points second
of all I think want to combine today's
vlog with tomorrow's I didn't vlog that
much today I did spend half a day
sleeping after my flight I bought video
tired when you go to bed I'll see you
tomorrow
your mama get a kiss Thank You Bubba
good morning it's the next day today's
mission is very simple I found out that
there's a pet store somewhere nearby /
kind of not nearby kind of art that has
Raptors Jersey for dogs that is my sole
mission that's also my nephew's birthday
Jorah we're going to that but otherwise
the Raptors Jersey sole mission here we
go all right baby you ready we're gonna
get you Raptors are you ready for the
mission mom I'm gonna bite your fingers
the whole drive here is
the target global pet foods Oh beer
store are you ready baby boy well you'll
find your dress that fit mama cares
about this way too much
my little swag doubt get you money
doggie come above Alisha team super he's
a little big for him but nothing Nani
can't alter for us what a good good boy
you are tuned for the right team I'm so
proud of you
also ok I just need to say I know I
talked about Scarborough a lot if you
watch my vlogs you know that every time
I come to Toronto or anywhere there's
not a lot of Sun just sunshine but just
like I have a really hard time being in
places that are not extreme Sun like LA
I wake up this Sun makes such a
difference here if it's gloomy if it's
anything that could really really
affects my mood as I say was Scarborough
it's a lot easier like I'll talk to tell
you that aside from his cuteness aside
from how funny is look I don't know why
I waited so long to get a dog he makes
me so happy and makes me feel so just
rejuvenated in a way that I was totally
lacking before so if you're in a funk
and you have the ability to get a dog
and the ability to take care of your dog
properly I highly suggest it because I
used to dread leaving La going places
without sunshine and now I'm just like
yo if he's with me I'm cool so this is
my message to you saying I don't know
why I waited so long if you've been
thinking about and you're the ability to
take care of a dog you should get one
it's a game-changer life changer all
right none knees on the job - all
temperatures none knees on the job yes
is it that's ok not knees so pretty that
nice white rump like John no one's
paying attention to me it's been 30
whole seconds so mom my fans aren't
gonna understand this yet but can you
just say what you just said one more
time what did you just say eat it
whatever you have to eat because that
you choose the dishes I'm not gonna do
this you doctor in a week or two a video
is gonna come out it's gonna call when
your mom's obsessed with cleaning I
wrote that before coming home just know
it's based on true story tonight altered
custom fit from nanny Wow
good job 90 good job good job
who is wearing a new shirt that says
single like a cute boy we are heading to
my nephew sixth birthday at that some
play place I believe sister got special
permission for Scarborough to come
obviously so he's gonna go meet his
brothers for the first time my nephew's
are you excited I excited I'm gonna
chase my tail mom's scarborough's first
birthday party like this very cool play
place right now mother is here she's
like let me not be stressed with this
one clip as I was previously I'm gonna
climb up there baby
judgin the cutest little boy ever look
at us just two mothers there's two
mothers really figuring it out right
Tina Massey I'm scared
the struggle three kids got all of us
gonna be a new friend look in your
friend doesn't give donkey ok you guys
I'm matching actually could she likes
you what a cool super mancave now what
is the Superman case
joining your fort
well thank you so much for having a
superwoman cake yeah well Superman Oh an
Iron Man oh they're gonna like that the
headphone users Superman that's what
you're saying you better give our boy
special dental - he loves it Thank You
Jonah buddy Thanks
oh right II just watched Jumanji for the
second time with my fans it is midnight
I'm gonna go to sleep actually should go
through my inbox i'ma go to my unboxing
go to sleep but there's been a great two
days little boy is very tired maybe
tired let's see how we did today when
you're watching this it is a game for
for the Raptor so if you wanna see me
lose my goddamn mind
go follow me on my social medias bad
you
