not the most important thing of the day
a photo shoot with Scarborough
productivity live and very sexiness
happen every single day just because it
happened naturally hello we have a very
productive day here in Los Angeles sunny
day in Los Angeles yoyoyoyoyo rapping
hustle hustle hustle hustle hustle
hustle here is Miss Yan be shooting
video one featuring Johnny Depp video -
I'm not in that one
then we doing a number - Thank You then
we're doing three rantings viewing and
there's our property we come here today
a great day with me my grandson he just
eat a piece of paper to poo poo brain
that's okay okay let us go downstairs
see what my friend signal stairs oh come
on what'd she do pew my brother is here
is my brother looking very handsome
today good boy good boy don't look like
this next time with me okay I'm most
handsome guy this guy you get a haircut
it's my brother this is my brother
Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny Johnny
Johnny Johnny Lee very good you do races
to yourself you see that oh my god had
Justin Bieber from future Wow very good
you age very well thank you
oh okay I'm black just working on some
videos right not pana theatre cruelly we
just cuddled it was good it was great
today is also Raptors day we finished
video 1 video 2 happening right now that
we're gonna watch game that's who we
wooden for her we are you are the
Wizards you can't know that we're in boy
basketball regular figure these are
Taylor's Pazuzu drop that Rosco is just
I think he's being self-consciously
everything for this
those are like oh you would never wear
they do Rosco said video is not the most
important thing of the day the photo
shoot was Scarborough kiss Kaaba the
Raptors fan and we have to show it on
his Instagram he's so good in
cooperative good job you soap opera
honestly you should be a model someone
meting mr. nose like your doctor new
model I don't like I know but actually I
think when a trim is goatee right now
we're gonna to miss goatee right now is
too long and get stuck in foodies right
baby
yo mommy ready way to go today would you
think y'all want to see Scarborough's
master grip here ah so you're the
situation the games about to start
here's the thing of course I want the
Raptors to wear its best-of-seven in my
own selfish way I want them to lose one
of the first four games because the only
way I'll get to go to a playoff game on
April 25th is if there's a game five if
they went all blur there will not be a
game five so I will not get to go to the
playoffs this series but you know what
what's more important is that they wear
them so through it all four it's fine
bigger cause that means let's go Raptors
alright guys so every time someone hits
a three-pointer taking a drink no one
hit one you're getting a head start very
good killing we do it so are we gonna
win everything
like I said if they would open whatever
you winning and also don't be drunk wine
yeah
so uh guys who won Rogan let Taylor win
thus three - you still lost him to other
top well I would have won not had you
not done there thank you guys how many
hands to be played tonight
I wouldn't it would accuse somebody
saying if I had to hone that one
she won so uh Lily gone twice I went
three times
and Lily's having a hard time admitting
but that means that she lost remember
when I said that you were gonna have
this game and sure you beat me the first
time and the second time but then you
defied yourself one day never BTB again
you just be losing constantly this is
true you may go back with your friend
you are back to this thing we both agree
that a loser has to give elephants $100
good I won I was like whatever it's okay
you don't got a pig this is all a really
good tactic to get off the subject that
I beat you I watched a game and played
some deal played some fortnight now it's
time to get to work we'll wash my face
put a face mask on oh they're right one
two three rands I don't have to record
them safe but I gotta get a lot of
writing done so we should do that now
shiny face mask on my face and look baby
Oh Ellie I just write it you made a
point I'm gonna head to bed 12 right now
the next 48 hours are gonna be insane
for me got weed and all rehearsals I got
meetings I got rants to record I got
more things to write and before my
flight Thursday night like the next 48
hours I'm gonna pay the price
why don't get to Toronto I get to chill
a little bit so next two days we've
gotta hustle harder for today
also I think there's snow in Toronto
you
