all right well there's no one with one
channel so we also harder practically
lives here I am what up t-shirt
reference also you know what we're gonna
button all this back up how's it going
good morning gonna have to noon good
evening I hope you were splendid
wherever you are it is Monday here in
sunny Los Angeles here's the missions
you can use reporter it is sunny here in
Los Angeles California I have to go to a
meeting some fans are gonna take over my
blog got a right script one right script
to build my map release my video do
super 60 also why am i yelling girl
guess who is such a sweet affectionate
boy this morning it was him it was you
woke up the kisses all over my face all
over my elbow like a little sweet boy oh
thank you and it continues good morning
team super alright he finished my
meeting give me the points this sweet
boy stuff to the whole thing he start
dreaming in the middle and barking in
his dream didn't you baby we're setting
up a cool thing 104 what well if you
remember recently I posted something on
my socials about a canning contest it
was for Canadian residents where you
could win a chance to be my blog and fly
to LA and two of those lovely fans are
gonna fly here and I'm gonna introduce
you to them shortly and they get to do
something very special that no fans have
ever done before
semi ok the first fan is here it's
Carolyn it's actually Carolyn Heidi we
have no care Lulu's just here to help
facilitate but Carolyn how are you I
using scarf as a shield and they won our
cannon fantasy camp giveaway and they
are here to experience their experience
and it's meeting Lily
and then we have about a couple hours of
activities planned for you guys but how
did you guys meet first of all
and I love it okay so this is Victoria
this is chomping Victoria at the trailer
Chelsea okay they come all the way from
duty to come back to meet me in LA and
scrubber to Denton and they are going to
be able to things first fans ever meets
Barbara but I had a cool idea that you
might think is fun I think it's really
fun yeah and I would you know so you
should great you couldn't be the first
fans I haven't set up in there watch my
vlogs are yes yes to have their very own
character select in my vlog so today's
vlog is actually your blog and you will
get to take the camera and you'll get to
ask colleges and recourses are doing
you want would you give me the only
person on characters like you know that
in the beginning was here first thing
only met before Scarborough even got a
character's like you will have a
character select your very own and let
me show you how I can I can go first to
show you how it goes alright well
there's no one with one channel so
awkward as oh my god am I allowed
to swim here I don't think so look how
cute and professional accident okay hi
I'm Chelsea if that isn't already I
don't know what to say I don't know what
was meeting Lilly was she's in
deployment
again I was sure she's just like right
outside there which I have no idea what
we're doing today we're shooting
something and then going suck it going
to lunch somewhere also Scarborough is
so pure y'all need a Scarborough in your
life shoutouts to Liz and Venu Charles
and bran sorry everybody
we love you alright so I don't know what
happens on my vlog anymore but can I
interrupt the connect to wrap your blog
for a second you say it may give you
some gifts yes I love to give a gift so
obviously no business and clean this you
get swank'd out in some merch and get
the things and all the things so have
for each of you a boss box there you go
there you go this is for Chelsea that
one is from Victoria so oh yeah
when these are free to go ahead open up
no pressure just person this played out
no big deal I'm gonna sit right here
beside you because I want to be included
in this moment you have the book in your
bag well another life this might be the
core item is not to eat collectibles you
guys have any merch you know yeah well
not anymore girl we got to that team
Superman
the camera the scoop our hands the girl
loves sweater Oh BAM so we give you guys
messaging one so you guys convergence on
yeah on the plane so far you young and
that are DVDs I can do this eh another
sign book the one you currently have
want imagine here also on a really poor
item I want collectible food this is
actually my book launch party sells
before also just slip that back in your
bag good luck oh we have to take these
on the plane
oh yeah city and okay you can try and
there's no pressure
I'll understand if I go to the first
drawer these two girls from Quebec gave
us is trash what do we do it now I like
to eat do you like to eat is there a
chance you like food if you don't really
what did you like food
so we're here at dream hotel a nice
little view we got going on here it's
okay I mean only the best for y'all
because we love you out here but the
Hollywood sign it's a vibe got a little
pool stitch over there it's nice if you
like it is a nice it's nice it's a nice
nice Scarborough loves both of them as
well that means he loves you that means
he loves you this Lane were just lame
that means he loves it good job babe
this is how you know you the weight of
my heart he's doing they know the way to
my heart they know the leg listen
obsessed with the rock and just get her
release my video big super 60 give me
two points you got strong stirrup points
hey I'm hella old so then I got pain in
my joints and I need some bad gain if
you don't know what that isn't hey it's
a Canadian yo shut up anyways I so
moments like this one I'm so tired and I
have so much to do this is what I do I
make another to do this for the day to
do list on to-do list on to do this this
is what I need to do for asleep drum
roll please
this is my mother FN do what is it two
months what is it wait here's my to
mother effing do families in box fam
script one script tool this is gonna
happen before I sleep no ifs ands or
booties also can I just show you
something that causes me problems more
than once a day
the reason the rest of these don't say
fan we can you ready for this fam change
it to fan go back no fam change it to
fan
no I want fam no we're smarter than you
says the computer it's gonna be fed even
though we allowed fam there we're not
okay so I say alright mother effers well
I want BAM no all right gone to my inbox
is 9p9 p.m. it's 10:00 p.m. and I got a
right to scripts but we need some fuel
so you know order some edamame some udon
noodles let's do it
okay so I've not written anything yet
and it is like the 10:30 and yeah I'm
gonna move this party into my bed not
because I want to go to sleep I mean I
do but I'm not gonna car bro so tired
and he keeps sleeping by my feet so I'm
gonna put him to bed beside me and then
work in bed as he bites my toe right now
okay it's midnight I finished one script
one more to go part of me is debating of
like I should wake up in the morning not
I mean I could stay up and do it but I
feel like my brain is working less
efficiently then it will after I sleep
right now I'm sick idea let me go
through Twitter idea let me Pat
Scarborough idea let me frigging scratch
my butt I don't forget know so
efficiency is kind of low right now
stand by okay executive decisions have
been made
actually I know what my second script is
I'm doing a parents react to my
Instagram pictures part three the
previous tube done really really well
and I haven't done a parents react in a
second I was researching like what music
videos and stuff they could react to and
then I tweeted about it and so many
people are like yeah but just about
three so that's we're gonna do which
means I don't have to write a script
because I do actually improv a lot of my
parents reacting to things so that's the
plan right baby uh-huh
working hard or hardly working their
boba and with that i'ma go to bed let's
see how we did today no I also drink no
water that's not true I've had sips
throughout the day that probably equal
the glass but it's fine it's like come
on you watch I'll do tomorrow
you
