it's time for prom I'm kind of nervous
obviously my day yet the harder part
even lives yet we don't change our
clothes because we all so hard dare to
say that we also harder it is Saturday
is the weekend we have a jam-packed
exciting stop it's not a semi pack
weekend but it's full of exciting things
first and foremost happy Raptors day the
playoffs officially start was gonna take
up most of my day today that'll cure
things here's the mission is you Tex
copper to the vet I did I'll update you
in a second give Scarborough bath wash
my hair watch the playoffs game get my
hair and makeup done go to a ball chill
said the little clumps of hair under
scarborough's belly were completely
normal
he got a little bit of grooming done
today I brought a brush to brush his
hair with to help alleviate that in the
future you got his nails cut which he
hates you can hear him from like the
front office of the vet like Dokken what
you hate me I'm some new toys and things
like that he's a spoiled boy but he's
fine that's the moral of the story spine
there's a thing anytime I take him
anywhere and it's like a vet someone who
sees animals all day long the bet was
like oh my god in take a picture of him
I guess okay I don't mean to be that mom
but my knot is so cute that everyone
like stopped in the tracks they're like
is that a dog mom to be honest it's
exhausting it's really tiring to be so
handsome it's exhausting mom
and you know follow Scott right
Instagram you're missing gems like this
one Scarborough the dog make your life
better improve yourself Bank this guy's
so funny here's the tack mom mom what
are you doing over there mom mom mommy
has every mom mom answer me let me love
you mummy loves you it's okay but but
it's okay mommy's also clean this is my
tactic whenever you're sleeping I play
music so he can't hear me leaving they
fall asleep some music and ice came back
downstairs they woke up like well you
were gone I'm like single mom tips 101
son ah y'all
the first playoff game of this season
you know what's up you evolve is not
Jersey initiated trash top wizards but
you know whoop you hard this two year
the Raptors you ready to list a year of
the rappers I'm gonna go to the game and
turn on the 25th or still a I'm gonna
miss you the games about watch up here
we go
we're not move with our newest Raptors
fan we the north right baby we the north
we know I miss humble so much Anthony to
be in Toronto you use of your like
rapper like feeling it right now only
second quarter but oh my god and the
Toronto problem we just touch no listen
I'm sorry baby boy converse I should say
F up there are no other NBA fans like
Toronto like Toronto families is crazy
yelling the whole time I wish I was
there I can wish I was there I'm coming
soon breaking record right so the
Raptors are winning by a few it's third
quarter do my hair makeup while I watch
the game cuz my crews just gonna let me
be spoiled right now stop your head
massage no no
excuse me one second it was like I don't
have a gun I'm getting my glam done
getting my glam done no one cares no one
expected lemon this game
trash bags okay guys it's it's time for
prom I'm kind of nervous I don't see my
date yet oh my gosh I'm having my Selena
Gomez return to the music industry
moment hey I just want to say thank you
so much for letting me take your
daughter out I'm going to tear your
dress to shreds if you put me on the
crap we are off to see the Wizard I love
this dress it reminds me of Selena Gomez
this picture when she came to your ward
show aunt Ellen looking like a snack I
mean geez
Taylor yeah it's the cheapest tux you
can find Los Angeles I was definitely
the goofiest first on the car friend
with a smile but you're gonna see some
whack with just me I'm so excited you're
so proud
all right
I'm gonna change now take off my
beautiful princess dress to pick up my
son so before we do so let's do one last
oh all right picked up Scarborough now
we're gonna play a game called guess how
many bobby pins are in my hair stop
right now don't watch comment below what
your guess is how many bobby pins are in
my hair all right let's find out and the
total is a dude 98 98 bobby pin just
came out of my hair and I'm sure when I
wash my hair two more gonna fall out
let's just round up to a hundred all
right I'm gonna sleep I'll see tomorrow
buddy
good morning it's Sunday look who's
awake and look who's wearing his new
army harness because he's going to puppy
kindergarten
oh you excited mom I'd already like a
harness well you'll get used to it I
promise okay
you're such a good boy he's a good boy
look at his earnest chauhan stretcher
stuff yeah all right first time I went
to class I was so unprepared I didn't
have a leash stuff in my harness not
this time I got my little treat bag full
of stuff mommy don't make the same
mistakes twice their beauty ain't now
they're making the same mistakes twice
I'll be damned if I don't make the same
mistake twice right baby boy that's
right Bubba look back from class garble
it's so funny he's so scared at class
not funny I feel for him but big dogs
he doesn't care he'll play with on my
home seaters part everything soon as he
gets around the book group of smaller
dogs he just sits by my leg easy no no
he starts to climb my leg get you sleepy
i noon it's okay you know what you're
smaller than all the other dogs by a law
and you're being a very brave boy no
matter what I'm proud of you yes right
that's right I'm proud of you we clean
the house never touch a mesh look who
came through dripping just came through
made you a vegan dinner nobody really
hooked it and now we're gonna watch Game
of Thrones before The Walking Dead are
you ready for your second episode of
excellence your kind of spasm sounds
like I don't know if I can watch you
know like what should I expect another
kid falling off the roof spoiler okay I
mean you ain't that far don't even have
to face spoiler you just a question your
life alright so I'm not gonna lie I've
given myself quite the weekend I didn't
do very much work at all this week and I
just really wanted a weekend like you
know weekend when you're like I'm going
to ish I kind of want that I did it but
now sunday is coming to an end which
means I have to deal with this I have to
go through my inbox so let's shut that
up and make Scarborough baby I'm coming
let's make those things happen
gah bro mommy has to clean by me it's
too clean let mama clean hey this is my
sock mommy suck I know you're such a
vicious boy vicious boy hey hey come on
tell me coming sweetheart mommy has to
clean I know it's so fun it's so fun
mommy to eat you is your fun calm down
mom used to clean okay baby
hey hey it's Kaiba good boy I was no
clean now mom I'm not doing anything I
swear
good boy Hey nothing mummy no complains
on get it done zone one time zone I know
I screech both crying crying hustle
hustle and all that stuff and I do
believe that believe in hustling harder
I also believe that rejuvenation is
important I'm not gonna lie after this
weekend I feel rejuvenated I played so
much for it now watch the shows I
relaxed I ate junk food I mean girls but
I just feel rejuvenated for the week
ahead
wonder why just today is video date a
little sneak peek of the video smile you
look kind of drunk if photographers were
honest I had Sun like I died laughing
well shoot this video so I hope you
enjoyed insuring super 60 let me know at
the blog channel since you saw some
extras are a couple more days in LA
before we go to Toronto over 10 whole
day 10 8 7 some amount of days so the
hustle is you need a mint for these
couple days and not the bottles gonna
stop in Toronto but now this is gonna be
a minute look was up my feet hi
sweetheart have you calmed down a little
bit have you come down let's see how we
did over this weekend
thank you for joining us and we look
forward to having a wonderful weekend
with you again me and my son we thank
you very much for giving us your time
yo it's Monday when you're watching this
the hustle starts now do something that
your tomorrow self well thank you for
and
you
