something very cool was announced today
gentlemen pleasing those we hustle
harder productivity why did the dope
what does it do whatever whatever don't
lives here it is Friday it is a
beautiful day out here in LA how is it
worried about where do you comment below
let me know where do you live how's the
weather what's the vibe I want to know
maybe I'm going to visit where you're
from I don't know what if I cram do I
bring an umbrella I'll bring a winter
jacket I bring like a wrinkled let me
know down below today is another tool
shoot video day which means the puzzle
is real has a mission you choose video
one shoot video to shoot a little green
screen with scarbrow mmm go through my
inbox also fires I wanted something
leisure maybe play some foreign name
baby watching movie as long as I get two
videos done I am happy because we killed
it this week are you ready let's do that
oh wow look at this sweet boy hold on
good this sweeter thing you look so good
today if I can't quite put a finger on
why you look so good let me use your
hair I don't know wait you lose your
shirt real quick oh my god where did you
get that do you know where to get it
Lilly Singh Kham very good you took my
advice you got a good shirt good job so
what are we doing here today I think
this young boy is getting his close-up
I think it's about time Scarborough gets
a character select we gonna try to give
him a character feeling I'm gonna have
my makeup psychobos what we're gonna try
to do Skaar most characters lecture the
vlogs
see if he stands still long let's do
this okay
great we got it we got work done do you
like mommy's pants they taste yummy they
taste yummy yeah maybe we should get you
some food let's go baby come on baby
let's go let's go baby let's go let's go
excited I'm very conflicted right now
because you look like a sweeter ting but
it's not because wearing my shirt
cuz ring marchello shirt which is also
acceptable it's fine
you look great how's your day goin
Brogan great what are you doing right
now
besides crushing on me or is that all
you're doing
all right shoe one is going great and
now that transforming to a duel let's do
it
yo sup was good you know me just looking
like a drink lots of water it's upstairs
the vlogging camera wasn't there but I'm
calling her backing a point it's casual
Fridays here at the office in our video
we get to be doing a little bit so we
capturing the thumbnail right now and we
gonna do oh yeah fine I'll box yeah when
your girl out here looking like a hole
snack I mean mommy listen you're looking
real nice mommy especially with those
shoes on my floor mommy I mean let me
know when your videos have this have a
production value with the taped Forks
and Yatta Yatta to equal a frame like
this i mean come on
alright not to exaggerate but my baby
boy just made the shot of the video he's
in my video any I just look at which
kind of practices sit with treats anyway
so might as well do it on video and he
did this great little look from bottom
juicing the camera a did so good almost
been taken to the vet right now I'm
probably overreacting but if some weird
thing is happening to the fur on his
belly its shading in clumps and I'm not
very I don't know I'm neither like it
let me take him to the vet just a double
check and yeah we're gonna spend slide a
night to get it right baby so proud of
you what a smart boy you're such a smart
sweet boy we did it we shot two videos
bro dude we did it we did it rodent we
did it we did it
wait then I love all the blah blah blah
coincidence or just good research by
7-eleven sent me so me my team
Grogan is a mess with these trolley
effin gummies you think gummy worms
there's a new sneaker version oh damn
their socks are you ready for this very
first trolley
oh my god I'm so excited are you ready
I'm so excited it's in a shoe box you
get it oh my goodness oh yeah that's the
one besides get ready yeah yeah yeah I
so I took him to the vet but they're
dealing with another pet emergency so
they weren't able to look at him but I'm
gonna go tomorrow morning I got an
appointment so they finished shouldn't
be anything major it's just these as
this comes affirm that are falling off
under his belly it could be like a
weather change something but just like
the way they're falling off and huge
clump
so under his belly he has like just some
loose straggly hair in clumps and he's
stressing me out I'm such a mom I don't
care I know I keep changing clothes all
right it's Friday night baby what do you
want her to turn up we want to do baby
poo poo pee pee pee yeah I'm gonna play
some fortnight and then watch a movie
because it's Friday I can do what I want
and then I'm gonna be a bit by
Scarborough and hopefully kissed let me
get a kiss come and get a kiss mom I'm
paying not right now you mummy good
occasion come let me get a kiss no boy
you know you're perfect
did you know you're perfect did you know
you're perfect you knew you knew yeah
you know you're perfect
Oh I placed fourth my new record of
because I was doing
my pizza burn I was like active PETA you
come burn on board 4 out of 100 new
records so something very cool was
announced today if you pay attention to
my social I didn't post one Instagram
yet but I did tweet about it I'm happy
to announce that my production company
unicorn Ali Productions is officially
launched with my new hire her name was
pauly she's dope she's gonna be the head
of development for unicorn island
productions and we're gonna work on
comedy animation whore headline headline
boom in other words I don't days now I'm
Macbeth Garbo just pooped on my floor
you're still doing it he's okay right on
the carpet okay not gonna show it to you
but literally just as I don't dance now
I make money moves I'll be posting more
about her on Instagram but that's it
here we go we bout to make bidness moves
produce somes longer format awesome
stuff I'm still doing the YouTube stuff
like I'm excited to just do the damn
thing
build an empire even further Paul you're
so dope he's like beyond qualified and
just the biggest hire I've made so I'm
thrilled
imma end the vlog here thank you so much
for joining me on today I think we
killed it shape the days we'll we can
accomplish two beers one day I'm like
you all so stay tuned make sure you
subscribe because tomorrow you will see
me in this looking like mother effing
Cinderella I don't dance now I'll make
money move
you
