also harder productivity where does it
live let me drop a pin right here today
is a beautiful day out Nellie it's kinda
a little bit of a win that I could do
without but it's all good cuz I got my
button a pineapple shirt and very few
things can go wrong when you're looking
this fly no I'm sorry the pitch for
today because I'm going to a ball this
weekend I'm Cinderella I got a right
script one right script - I have a
meeting in the middle gotta go through
my inbox put my garbage out it's garbage
day Thursday which means I'm gonna go
stand by the curb what else do we have
to do I think I made my point
oh okay sir my fitting a no big deal I'm
going to a ball over the weekend I don't
what is such a cute outfit I mean like I
said you know but it's so sick thank you
right yeah yeah I know except expensive
youtube you do so except who has all the
energy in the world Scott Roeder Scarbro
des Skaro does cutter baby oh it's your
over the hangar did you trip over the
hangar stupid hangar stupid hang them on
I tripped over the hangar oh you did
your good boy day two of Scarborough
sleeping on the bed without a pillow
barrier you no longer need the pillow
Barry he's a big boy he sleeps on the
bed now they were Scarborough he's very
affectionate when he sleeps he likes to
sleep as far away feel as possible so
they barely edge of the bed far away but
then as the morning progresses he slowly
inches forward and just roll by morning
he's right next to me giving me kisses
he's a very affectionate morning puppy
aren't you Bubba aren't you Bubba mommy
I'm eating your hand I don't have time
for this right now
okay okay give me a kiss give me a kiss
or just bite my head whatever oh my
sweet sweet boy look at that sweet sweet
boy couture oh snap guess who finally
got a light in her office with no light
bulbs one step closer start to get a
migraine cuz my shoulders were hurting
the good news about having so much merch
is like I'm letting my broth but my
shirt doesn't support that so yes I'm
just gonna open another hustle harder
hoodie this being my 12th one oh so I'm
working on scripts from I'm shooting two
videos okay I have some annoying news
why I'm banking so many videos is that
when a Toronto for 10 days and the
reason I was going with one for OMERS
wedding but to the NBA playoffs NBA
schedule just got released and I just
like guests because I didn't know the
schedule exactly throws I don't if I'm
there at this day like I'll probably
catch these games when I land I miss
both the home games and when I land it's
only away game like the first six days
so really I'm in Toronto for six days
for no reason of course my family's
there as great public work why it's a
stupid choice and it runs like brain I
guess did I guessed wrong and now I'm
probably only gonna make one of the
games which is really crappy because
that was the reason I wanted to go to
Toronto in the first place
god dammit but also those are all first
world problems and it has a really great
problem to have
yeah yeah maybe you know what I'm you
know what yeah I'm just grateful I don't
know who I think I am forgetting that
it's Thursday and we're releasing him
here do super 60 video I'm releasing
today is when your school degree is
useless then oh my goodness it is so
relatable because I don't have a single
friend that is using the degree to do
anything my friends be out here with
goddamn marketing to who he's just like
oh yeah I'm gonna be a dancer I just
believe that video of Newtons per 60
right now know what I love receiving in
the mail my girl Cassie comes through
with some more hot black amazingness
because honestly I don't work out but
when everybody's parenting I like y'all
need you just work out I'm like yeah I
just came from job that's a pants my
pants and all tasks for my boys to be
looking right thank you Cassie
hashtag pop flex hashtag not add hashtag
just girl I hope you know you smokey I
finished video one and sent it to the
team I got one more script to go it is
what time is it 7 14 at 7:14 p.m.
everyone else has left the office adjust
me and cover right now I decided fishing
all my work before I going home I
definitely don't want to leave the
office go home and do more work so I'm
gonna stay here finish Hollywood go home
so I can be like okay now what is
relaxation time not work time ready
high five or you could hide kiss me
thank you
Papa what happened your balloon pop is
your balloon pop baby oh no oh no baby
look I'm sorry you can still play with
it just don't need it are you sad no
mommy my boom bah oh my poor baby it's
okay let me get you another balloon okay
mom in the 290 balloon mommy will get
you an and a balloon okay
Omega 2 whatever you own thank you I'm
gonna get you whatever you want below
and wake up wake up balloon
he's like you know what actually I'm
over it
all that
okay baby but now mommy's gonna take
this away because I don't want you to
eat it okay I'm so sorry I love you but
dad to do what you done some of your
second script and it's only 8:30 mommy
what the f is you doing which one no we
is your love yo check out this artwork I
got from my office on this wall right
here so this wall one two three little
picture check this out
boom boom boom going down to go with the
vibes of the office the pink and the
mink greens and all the Tings and go
right there bad bad bad bad bad let's do
it damn shouting that's what's up
okie dokie the time is 10 p.m. I'm gonna
call it a night I ordered some stuff for
this office over here here's the bane of
my existence
issue I got a bookshelf for there right
the issue is every time I find the
perfect thing ain't like this one from
my house my office it's off I always
like make it to the checkout page and
then then at the last minute they decide
to be like out of stock why couldn't you
mention that an hour ago when I was
doing the measurements and I was on the
page now feels a bit like in stock in
stock in stock as soon as you first
check what about checking adulting a
boom when you get jealous cuz you're not
the center of attention for a whole
moment
well I pay attention to anything else
squabbles just like let me just go on
that thing I want you to pay attention
to me and only me mum right Bubba
I'm stop telling them we do the sweetest
most perfect boy in the world you know
that also if you're not following this
fire boy on Instagram yeah Scarborough
the dog is where you can go he had a
little photo shoot yesterday ended up
peeing on the backdrop but still check
out these cute pictures montage now
so make sure you follow them for all
that more we did a lot to date I'm still
about to wash my face put on a face mask
and probably fall asleep while doing
emails or watching your show or doing
something like that I'm not I'm really
proud but I didn't complain I didn't
take a second look oh so much do I just
like let's start and let's do it
sometimes you just have to get started
and stop talking about getting started
and stop getting prepared to get started
and just get started let's see how I did
today I also did a lot today I poop I
peeped a sleep as I peeped I meant peed
mom sure
you
