see you soon where y'all going to
conceal the secret just put it in one of
your box
Jimmy does indeed live here it is a
glorious Wednesday well I don't it is
Wednesday we got a really really
exciting day planned today I'm feeling
good I'm feeling alive
here's the mission for today - a meeting
with a writer shoot a little something
something with a little someone someone
shoot me a one shoot video to go to a
concert all that more you do it let's
kill it today friend what's your mission
Scarborough that meeting was so dope I
just met her by Toros like your vibes on
vibes on vibes on vibes on vibes on
bytes so dope I love when I connect
people you meet people just like
energies right everything's poppin
everything's right that was so amazing
now i'm headed to burbank which if you
don't know where that is is where we
shoot the studio 71 stuff and that's
because i'm doing a collab with so we
just shot a video for my channel do you
want to show get in there yeah you know
mississippi unicorn positive camden and
for you to get me to do some dark mother
evidence like i had to sit here and talk
to this guy well he was like this you
never looked better
okay dead dead dead
my soul is dead my channels - save my
grand same all three people that watch
this will mourn with us no what's up all
three Lilly subscribers please subscribe
to my channel I could really use a total
of four subscribers you know I always
have to pull through for Anthony because
Anthony always pulls through for me he's
always there for me - I need him so I
got you even when I'm dead the day that
I'm dead know I'm always gonna be here
even after I'm dead friendship just
wrapped up heading back home I know I
said this in front of him and it was
like all joking but I got to see his
sincere as well that guy is so nice
Anthony is a goddamn gym any time I text
him you gonna film is right away he's
always so down to help and to come shoot
really sweet guy the definite end
you want around so I just feel like
refreshed also he made me say some super
deep dark things in his videos so when
you see that no I'm acting because I was
so mean okay so I told you that my pure
box is gonna close soon I'm telling you
it is closed they stop sending things
it's not gonna come to me so my last P o
box fall but yo y'all heard me last time
I said this cuz there's so many
alright y'all gave a lot to get through
today of course
come on all business are gonna be for
you anyways get over your pitch box it's
legitimately like probably 40 pounds
we're gonna say oh shut up to whoever
takes a little reviews Big Fat
Greek ways a gift from the Greek
unicorns oh I am pictures of all of them
in a frame okay we got we got we got Ava
Alina Olga Orpheus marry Eva - Eva
Sophia Alina Oh older the same names or
people we love Lily Sean's head thank
you so much so don't sandwich biscuits
with double flavor anything for you hope
okay firstly of course I love your trial
I'm looking for Kyle taylor brogan not
refo riff close David and whoever I
forgot my socks I'm sorry it isn't me
alright baby for you it's a team super
grease you like it you like it you like
say okay it says he's got it still okay
hopefully a few of these I'm already
like it because I said you know me so
well okay something's up here
yo what they made for me I just seen it
yeah you're the team's of what fashion
game would even not really yelling level
receive that water bottle from a fan who
appreciates your work and wants to help
you stay hydrated
oh it's Scarborough and I see this is
something I want to carry around with me
because I want Scarborough with me look
country you know mommy's dehydrated it's
good I'm killing the water points
recently you know what I feel like I
could have 10 million songs mister what
have enough sup
excuse me I wonder who this is for
what you think yes spoiled boy we got a
ball pillows I am son I wonder who this
is for oh you don't play with those toys
spoil it my dog Sam Taylor how jealous
are you right now how jobs are you right
now we got here
my god it is ah made oh my god you know
what pummel is gonna be so damn jealous
everyone tweeted this video y'all hate
the nail on the head with this one yeah
ah Sanderson you want to know the way to
my heart it's right here this is not for
you
excuse me no Alex from Barry thank you
so so much what I would assume is a
blanket Ricardo and I'm fine though in
Zhytomyr dream oh ma actually no it's a
pill okay
oh my God look at you I know what things
are for you can you read like do you
know what the word dog looks like ah you
say - super
y'all want to conceal the secret just
put it in one of your box because I am
color pencil work hard be kind make it
happen hello board all the colored
pencils I'm gonna put these on my
employees when they do well you're doing
a really great job thanks man
unicorn paper strong good for the
environment the dragon's lair look
Scarborough how do you know what some
things for you how do you know
and we met before boo boo boo boo
stationary not just stationary
stationary that matches my office
because y'all know and y'all real ones
look all this stuff like this same thank
you so much for the effort of sending me
stuff of packaging it so doesn't get
damaged I've even I can't even reach it
I wouldn't even buy bubble wrap you
don't it moved I need a bubble wrap in
order use and send packs of skittles
superwoman y'all new song it's a
scrapbook and not only in the scrapbook
check out the quality the quality pics
brought back like I sent this to a store
to be printed type of effort thank you
Scarborough car bro the sweetest boy in
the universe
says are you just finished by the
universal maximum security the maximum
look at he knows Wow
what is Wow squeeze me okay what else do
you got you got a popsicle I am obsessed
with this daddy lies for you you said to
the team of lily and I want you to read
it thank you all so much tastes supposed
to a person their work with the crazy
lady you are all boss Hey JK JK on the
real thank you for all the support and
all you do in health inspired millions
weekly you're so appreciated I want you
now I can't wait to see week you all
turn out this hashtag
long live unicorn island production
that's a mullet hashtag well let's do it
Thank You Milus this is so nice
batteries paper because I would like I'm
sorry to be made of paper I am girl love
custom jacket yo the creativity is on
another level here thank you for making
my birthday and Christmas and everything
carry on and my girl love jacket what
kind of secretary miss triple-a
batteries I have double A batteries soon
I'm sure
yeah how do I not know about this
unicorn cereal I am mother effin shook
limited-edition magic cupcake naturally
flavored whoa excuse me sir I could take
out of the packaging a warrant for the
team I think I can get best shamu
quality the hummus Queen Mustafa Masako
I believe that's what gives aroma know
how much milady why check your bread go
quick number one yellow banana fan
humble jello man best camera guy reef
that's really sweet don't have them up
too much you know imaginary water points
always my best
godmother to the sweetest boy Brogan
this is for you someone sent it to this
is an award yeah that's the editor
they become meaning there to be ah well
I'm sorry people think I didn't prepare
speech or anything
wow so weird I don't think I was gonna
win that's very sweet thank you so much
oh my god I think I know what this is
and I'm gonna be mother for a static it
was what I think it is yeah but it
barely fits it's not the right one y'all
mother F in real one because I've been
struggling if you don't know I lost my
bed sheets I don't even as a plastic
sheet with the receipt in case of the
wrong side you know what who is this I
need to know
Angelique tax receipt from Target in
exchange if you'd like oh my god what a
great conclusion to the segment because
we go sleep like royalty tonight baby
with real bed sheet
thank you so so much to everyone that
set me up the effort the customization
the letters and people always ask it'll
be real few people always ask oh you're
gonna read all this letter there's no
way I could today read all these that is
what I do keep every single letter I've
ever given you can ask me there's large
boxes in my mouth filled with letters
because what I'm sad early with my old
cat Lee I'm going to read them all and
I'm going to just remember how special
it all made me feel so thank you so much
you are spoiled boy thank you I remember
when this used to be a room do you
remember when this used to be room
Bakley video 1 which is Halloween as a
kid person adults it's hard for me to
write because I feel like not much has
changed with me I still want to go
trick-or-treating is that just me would
you guys would you really yeah oh my god
we should go trick-or-treating
you're cheating look at see all talk no
action saying no you said you'd be down
you see this fake news is for B take one
we're debating about how you pronounce
there is no ha ha
- sighs I think toilet and fact cake we
should put a pole put a pole I'm going
to show you a chalk but tell me I
pronounce dad well there's one right way
to do it how do you say this chocolate
is it make a quick case make a quick
case objectively it's supposed to be
rhesus however I'm curious does anyone
say that I don't think Reese's tailors
way is Reese's Reese's Reese's Pieces
Reese's Pieces we know I know but it's
right complete the ball I'm I'm standing
by that thing objectively if mine is the
wrong way to do it but it probably has
some more people say it that way I'm
still right check this out um explain do
 leave the house of rap kids you'll
catch a cold you get it let me explain
check us out because this is a mummy
like a costumey like Egypt more like a
mummy but then also a mummy is like a ma
likes it because a mummy
when you wrap yourself he's like a
costume but at the same exact time
a mummy is like a mummy right here Wow
because mummy okay let's carve pumpkins
to videos everybody super quick for the
console I so mr. vibes you know cash
whatever whatever for the Drake my date
is hey oh you know I every time I like
you know with people I really love the
chance I might see Drizzy Drake so I got
a little something-something this is a
token if you like yo represent in
Toronto I appreciate you you dope as
hell is a bottle of his Virginia black
checked out ovo style pal
shoutout W me for the seats because cold
air will their state entrance
blah
walking like that talking
talk of the concert it was a little I
gave the gift off to someone who's gonna
give to Jersey we'll see if you got say
I just want to like show my respect him
because it done so much for our city and
so much just like good mother effing but
we'll mother effing see what a good time
let's see how we did today
tomorrow I got meetings on meetings on
meetings on Minas armies which means
right now I need to sleep or sleep on
sleep on
you
