have a very important question to ask
you cardi B or Nicki Minaj we have a
harder productivity lives here you know
my favorite comments ever when I'm on
the directors and the and instagrams and
everything it's when I watch your vlog
also what the f
when I watch our vlog I feel so
productive because you do so many things
that is exactly why I do the vlogs
because of pumps me up a pumps you it's
pumping everybody here's the mission for
today's your antics Carper to the bed
hair makeup yes I think I write a script
go through my inbox right Iran Accord
the rent clean my room all of those
things have to happen
there's simply no exceptions are you
ready to make it count okay baby you
know where we're going
Disney World no you know we're going
Amol no we're gonna go to the vet to get
your baby shot you're gonna be a big boy
one step closer when ya don't like
mommies pop hip one step closer to going
outside for walks ready baby mommy if I
lick you 100 times you have to go to vet
your baby will be fine I promise okay
we're do all day all day cry bro all day
yes who did such a good job and is
feeling fine what a good boy
rabies free got him you pep in your step
and now you're eating a doughnut very
good he's such a brave boy I took you
need his rabies shot cuz he is gonna
travel to Toronto with me very very soon
he's gonna go home it's the mommy's home
but now there's this situation today
what I'm shooting is happening in my
bedroom so we need to figure this out
don't we bleep dun dun dun Oh me you
know it's not even noon yet whatever
whatever
hello and welcome back to crack time
with Kyle Cuba and Joe today's prayer
will be inspired by our new family
edition idol here
Scarborough the dollar basically what we
did for this is I'm teaching you in this
episode how to make fan off there's been
a lot of fan art online for me so for
supplies you'll need a nice firm piece
of paper not too soft firm just firm
enough and then you'll need some sort of
writing or coloring utensil one of the
big things with fan art is that you can
choose whatever colors you want you can
make it creative that's the whole point
so green with accent accent leather
really big pink that's gonna be in this
one really fan our eyes open to any
interpretation of your subject my
subject is Scarborough and that means to
pull an inspiration big we're gonna go
with this one the mean moody gets as a
Fanta to din it really mature you get
the shape of the ears in this case there
are only floppy and nice second hair
looks a little bigger so we got to make
sure that the portions are correct dog
faces are they may be shaped a little
differently than human faces typically
so just be sensitive to that if you're a
creative fan art for a dog but really
this the skills I'm teaching you today
it can be applied to pan art and all
forms so button
paws are like another detail now we're
adding the accent color for animal
access specifically like things like the
eyes the tones the tails the Tukey
always good to accent that maybe a
little cheek color
I also liked typically paint the nails
of my subjects
this is fan art 101 but I'm sure you all
know this just to make sure you put your
pet name on all the accounts that you
have all over it sometimes you want to
like cross in front of that image
because that seems like that's something
that people do they like to write their
name right across the image that they
just created so you know that makes
sense yeah I'll do it three times it's
always good in case someone's looking at
it from the side you know like going up
and down on that side too you could be
laying there been looking at them I like
the best like that right follow me last
but not least make sure it's a big title
for the name well I hope that you have
enjoyed today's craft time with Kyle to
see the final product I'll post it up
all of them it's a story about our brows
really just looking so cute you go show
it some love
follow Scarbro follow my fan our account
until next time there's been cracked
time with Kyle
didn't I really did this shoot while you
did nothing I did everything but you
look cute the whole time that's a wrap I
was in a little bit of a break because I
was quite long but fun and I won't eat
and I'm going to write around a quarter
and write a script
those are things feeling to happen boom
boom oh what true love looks like after
you of course baby
alrighty finished writing a script sent
to the team for tomorrow's shoot it is
9:40 does that time when my first wave
of sleepiness hits like and I always
have to fight through it I don't know
why 9:30 like it's not that late but
always every single day because I have
to write around and record a rent and my
makeup is done and I don't want to waste
this opportunity to have a huge zit
right there that is decently covered up
let's do it also I got my period earlier
today cancel tip oh god damn my stomach
hurts so much every part of music you
don't gotta do this right just do it
tomorrow but I know I have to do it
right now
and every time I reflect back on my
successes it's always because the
moments like this when you push through
it's supposed to be hard feels easy
wouldn't result in success and every
time a beautiful moment I reflected back
I'm like it's the moment it's the moment
this is the moment just took a shower
and I have a very important question to
ask you
cardi B or Nicki Minaj before you answer
your answer doesn't matter or in the
rocks words what your answer is coz nada
the answer the problem is with your
goddamn question what time my heart is
not to make this a four minute rant coz
the battery signal is randomly flashing
what the f dear everyone whoever says
what about boy love or like there is no
such thing as gender equality there is
no system a gender inequality or sexes
it's all made up girls is making it up
in their break this is a perfect moment
to highlight something using pop culture
as an example right I am a big fan of
Nicki Minaj and cardi B I love both of
them I actually had listened to a new
cardi album yet because I've been
waiting for like a moment Reagan's
and consume the whole thing I haven't be
able to schedule that in yet but here's
the thing right
since cardi has released her album all
I've seen all over Twitter and all over
Facebook sometimes even from my own
close friends which is very
disappointing to me yo Nicky hasn't
released anything's hottest card even
Nikki's Castle oh but card just this
constant comparison do Nicki Minaj and
cardi B and although I'm not nearly as
important as those two women it just
reminds me - when I started YouTube
everyone comparing me to the it girl or
everyone told me I couldn't be as girl
as a girl I had to only be one girl that
was popping and I just need all of you
who are comparing these two or the
second to think cardi B your brain
automatically jumps into Hyuna I need
you politely kindly to reevaluate your
mind because that right there is
systemic sexism where you'll think and
you believe there could only be one of
them that is successful like they both
can't equally be as successful they
can't just live on their own they need
to be compared in the spotlight it's
kind of like when guys release albums
that doesn't really happen when Drake
releases an album no one's like yo jay-z
was better like not that Iver it's never
all over my timeline there's never that
comparison stop comparing women with the
mentality and mindset that only one of
them can be successful that's BS that is
he okay my battery died but you get the
point if you get yourself doing that and
prove grow evolve and if you see other
people doing it like it's I've literally
had to bite my tongue I suppose me being
like can you stop me but I just and the
scenario one promote what I love not
bash right hazel I'm just letting you
know if you see that in that is a great
example of the nonsense I'm going to do
it and yes man have to do with mountains
- I'm not says not again it's not a war
I'm just pointing I'm shining a
spotlight on the situation this is what
I'm doing okay this is what I'm doing
that's what I'm doing that's a hug
sexism got me so heated and my skin got
hydrated I need put on a face mask now
damn it
on to other news NBA playoffs are
starting soon and I'm going back to
Toronto for that and for a wedding my
good friend um er you'll recall if you
follow my blog who is getting married
one wedding in Toronto and one wedding
in Cancun I'm also gonna come to Cancun
and a Cancun wedding I'm actually
officiating so cat damn a with that
let's see how we did today
I'm so Evan
happy that you're mine yes I'm saying
love songs to my dog I do not care get
on my level I'll see you tomorrow
you
