welcome back folks we have a harder
productivity lives here every time I do
this angle alpha we stand on my country
hello I have a normal person vlog it is
a Monday out here in sunny Los Angeles
and it's just so nice it's 27 degrees
Celsius I don't know what the F that is
in Fahrenheit is very very hot one day I
decided to wear a sweater but it's
because I have a meeting and I feels
like a professional speaking of which
all makes sense again because I'm it's
my choice reboot you hide team super I
missed you so much
yes I did I'm going crazy because I
haven't seen carpet in so many days and
now I'm not listening to mommy and I'm
running everywhere
a legit couldn't sleep without I'm like
I can't leave him again look at him
video today we got a release the video
we got blue super 6 yeah I got to go
through my inbox I have a meeting I can
watch The Walking Dead I'm going to
three episodes behind
I'll play some sort night on my cuddle
sore with this sweet sweet boy all that
yo you remember yesterday when I was at
WrestleMania whatever you shut off
whatever it doesn't matter right
whatever shut up it did Ventures of
Scarborough on a carpet wow it's so
exciting oh wow let's see mommy suck
let's run let's run oh my god it's so
exciting the carpet the carpet is so
exciting oh my god just finished my
meeting give me the pointer but release
the video but first this young boy here
doesn't know his limitations he legit
thinks he's a grizzly bear he just
jumped out of my arms onto the floor and
hurt himself
obviously he's better now but even
earlier today he jumped off the bed and
barely landed he legit thinks he's a
grizzly bear who are a small puppy okay
you think you're super you you are look
at this who made you so vicious who made
you so vicious who made you so vicious
oh wow mom mom what are you doing over
there mom what are you doing over there
mom uh-oh
it's bad time may the odds be ever in my
favor
mommy I hate you so much mommy you
always make me do this you
make me do this you see it's not gonna
be bad but it's always bad it's always
back mommy why are you torturing poor
guy mummy I look like et you go boy he's
such a good boy like his you're clean
now
please you need to clean now mommy I'm
sleepy now but look how clean you are
look how clean you are
I'm so tired now mommy from crying
boom boom pow oh oh you want to talk
about dinner
what if I'm up dinner just like pouring
we got some tofurkey some asparagus I'm
sweet but titers what up cuz what up
cause what up cook what up gangsta yeah
every time I try to drink the water
faster the vlogger always pours down my
face I never listen to glasses it's not
even midnight yet am I so I don't know
if I mentioned this but I actually
landed today at like 8:30 a.m. then I
went to bed for two hours and then I
carried on with my day so I'm so tired
right now it's only 9:30 I released my
video did super 60 I forgot to vlog at
all but I forgot how tired I am and all
right I hit me like but I have to kind
of at least make beats sheets of two
scripts for tomorrow cuz I have a
jam-packed day so I'm just like fight
through the sleepiness for a second my
bed times gonna be 12 the goal or if I
finish my scripts before that but I just
wanted to complain and tell you I'm so
tired right now and I forgot that I got
off a plane scarbrow you moving what are
you moving there what are you moving and
moving to the Hollywood Hills mom bye
Who am I someone who just wrote a script
here the points very simple and easy
script I think very funny or relatable
it is 11 she's got an hour's gonna watch
a movie but an hour is not enough to
watch a movie nobody want to stay up cuz
tomorrow we got to wake up the
Scarborough is getting his rabies shot
aren't you excited for that young boy
ain't you excited for that young mom
stop bothering me I'm trying to sleep
Scarborough is now allowed to be on the
sofa and bed without my supervision
because this morning when I took a nap
he jumped off he said shut up
f bomb he jumped off the bed by himself
and do not get hurt so he's a growing
boy
he's crying guys out back that is going
mom we talked about this everybody just
shut up I'm trying to sleep
Scarborough has no poker face when he's
tired he just like my eyes my eyelids
way ninety four hundred pounds what is
sweet boy oh I'm obsessed I'm sorry so I
guess I'm gonna play some for tonight
also Yousef treated me other day right
here saying he wants to play duo's that
I'm just like I can't play duo's with
you because I'm not that good and
there's no way that I could let you down
and like to let my team members die like
I'm still pretty bad at the game and I
still like the controller is really
weird to me because I've never played
ps4 it's like the aim and all that it's
strange to me so I'm trying to get
better my like the best I've done so far
is number seven seven five hundred are
still pretty great but still if I come
and do duels with anybody I'm gonna come
correct ten is all I got ten you know it
is my reaction time is way too slow like
by the time I can figure out what
buttons press I'm dead I had two hundred
percent health we just doubled normal
hello dope effin weapon what's that
approaches me I'm like freaking trick
and they kill me just long I'm just
break it out already I'm gonna wash my
face do a face mask and then put this
boy to sleep
he's like mom stop smothering me thank
you for watching my vlog that's legit
just me being obsessed with my dog I
mean come on though do you blame me I
missed you so much
he's a star okay go please thank you
join him here today some days I just
wanna play with my dog deal with it and
you should probably subscribe let's see
how we do
you
