entering the stadium for the first time
is till the pre-show but harder
productivity and dreams coming true live
here today is Wrestle Mania I'm here in
New Orleans Louisiana son and I'm so
excited I'm about to get liddie and have
the time of my life
the mission is real simple today's you
send a few emails I'm doing that arm
wrestle Brie Bella hopefully get my hair
braided enjoy Wrestle Mania come on the
back as I leave tomorrow morning real
real early I'm right next to the actual
like Superdome and I can see everything
happening let me show you
it's like a first day of school from
airing on my outfit laid out this is
what I'm gonna wear I ordered some food
let's eat ahh she's getting so good
alright it's time to start my makeup and
unlike the last two days where I did
that eyeliner and the under imma just go
straight mascara today some super famous
yeah call it a day because I already
know German s so me angry but
everything's let's go to my makeup but
this washroom has very very dim lighting
and very yellow Lighting's i'ma walk out
looking like crusty the crap alright I'm
hoping when I get there one of the devii
W hair styles can braid my hair because
I have like a 20% better timing life
with my hair is braided and so what I'm
rocking I've worn this outfit before but
you don't know for what cuz it's a good
project so technically I have a warning
I am so excited like the crowd is hella
forming damn I'm just like trying to
take a moment cuz my life is like so go
go go go go I'm try to take a moment
like oh dude be present don't think
about work think about the fact that
you're at rest of me fully what fifth
time in your life now second time being
front row and just like enjoying and
being grateful and just really taking in
the sights and sounds and being like yo
the young you would literally die when I
was younger I went to Wrestlemania once
it was on the rock versus Hogan was in
Toronto I saved up so much money to get
like these high seats and I was the only
wine tree but the wrong I'm sure I've
told the story a million times okay I'm
telling it again like I bent over
backwards as a kid to do this kind of
stuff and the fact that like W is so
kind to me and has let me be part of
this is like the young me would not
believe it she'd be like shut the hell
up so I really want to just like be
president and just have the time of my
life because I know when I land back in
early tomorrow and I hit the ground
running work work work today we shall
not work today we shall go to
Wrestlemania I'm so ready waited out
here watching this a crowd forum last
night we got to go to a super cool
reception called superstars for hope and
where was it that it was like it was
called the Mardi Gras world
yeah and they basically store like
floats and we forget so scary this is
how we die right here because there's
all these huge anime things here's a
throwback to yesterday's reception oh is
that okay right this is really dope
reception I haven't
chemicals I was like I'm have a day off
his finest superstars for hope with the
WB but once I arrived I was like I need
to Bob this it's basically a warehouse
full of I wish this was my prop closet
and I could make this like a big YouTube
video will show you all the statute
uh with the hotel room service my team
when I put anything that donate bottom
hello boys look just like you Oh awkward
they see don't fool me I kinda want this
to do my house this is so awesome
girl they making you an addition to the
float this year me try to escape yoga
class I don't know oh my god I need this
in my living room are you kidding me
right now
I mean twinning oh my god
something something something something
something I make money moon
apparently this is the real Batmobile
that was used in I don't know whatever
movie she said but it's kinda dope I
would take a picture with it but
blocking situation here hey we're back
shall we go we shall go the way T
McMahon yeah Rhonda versus definite man
like obviously I'm a Rhonda fan but
Stephanie McMahon like that's my girl
I'm a treaty McMahon toast I just
tweeted that still just cinematic
all right so earlier today mr. John Cena
tagged me in an arm-wrestle challenge
thingamabob for make-a-wish and I am
accepting that challenge and I'm gonna
face off against Brie Bella which Zach
not I mean come on do you know you're up
again I made my job download 92nd
percentile okay fine we'll make it about
boy triplets we are true business but
way better please please I got that
Indian genes and the losers hand goes
into this pot which I'm not too mad
about because to be honest it's not my
face because I think it's a you know
honey bee going you could come into the
circle with me I think I lift heavy
burritos to my face every day why I love
stroller so let's do it okay here we got
one two three you saw that I won I won
all by myself
all right just wrapped up my arm wrestle
with green the key I love those girls
hand
check out this monumental moment that
happened just here
but grant go also in three two one
that's Kane wait in line three different
times in my life to meet him he's also
gonna take care of my braid up thank you
so much yeah it'll be good dirty all
good Jojo pulling through 78130 three
inside the mercedes-benz Superdome the
entering the stadium for the first time
until the pre-show
huge the child is Lego where are these
kids parents me rubbery look scared to
death look like a lawsuit way to have a
ten-year-old child is gonna go to school
tomorrow and the raw pack team champion
of course I am on stimulus overload
right now with everything they just
happened I see that from an after party
which was like just like a chill
whatever I really just went there Nate
pasta it's cool to see like all the
superstars just chilling and hanging I
was like my god oh my god oh my god
let's talk about
Wrestle Mania right now the highlight of
the night for me personally was deputed
man triple h vs ronda rousey curtain can
we talk about this Rhonda's first match
years from now when she's like a
superstar in the WV be willing to talk
about her first match and I wanna be
able to say I was there she was really
really good like I was blown away by her
performance and of course Stephanie
performer of a lifetime as well
but Daniel Bryan's match Nikki and Brie
sat in front of us which was really cool
because we got to see like all the
superstars families in the front row it
was so cool to see their reactions and
whatnot so to watch the matches Brie in
front of us was so cool that one to the
kids
John Cena called Oh Undertaker and
everyone was like we don't know
entertainers job because he retired last
year
of course he showed up when we were
science danger that moment
okay The Undertaker I hoped one day to
be a successful the Undertaker but I can
take equally a sweet time to watch the
ring just like people cheer the whole
time in conclusion had a great night
tomorrow I gotta go back to reality I
gotta hit the ground running when I
reach LA but I get to see my baby boy
which I'm not gonna lie remember before
I had scar Roy's a problem sleeping I've
had trouble sleeping every night here
which goes to show that I don't have
problems sleeping with scar I just need
my son Scarboro million I'm so excited
to see it but for now to end the vlog
let's see how we did thank you once
again
ww you make all of my dream come true in
ways that I can't even express today I
went up to Duane's mom we've met many
times and I showed her the picture of me
and the cardboard cutout of Duane I'm
like this is me and your son
you
