well Italy you leave your camera here
bad jump let's try it again see that was
Olympian wonderfully sick we hustle
harder productivity Liz here I woke up
this morning dying of tiredness as if
I've never slept a moment my life just
like because I got like a legit 8 8
hours of sleep but I'm so tired this
morning so I'm gonna eat some breakfast
stretch it out before I get started
just kidding on that here's amateur
today we got a shoot video one shoot
video - we're gonna release the video
we're gonna do super 60 we're gonna go
to the inbox we're gonna read a movie
script we're gonna clap for New Orleans
tomorrow for Wrestlemania weekend are
you ready for all about plus more you
know yes so if for some deranged
psychotic reason you don't follow me on
instagram pourquoi my super hands and
super camo shirts just got restarted
Leasing not calm so if you want this ish
just fire it listen not combos where you
can go just saying also can we talk
about my socks there's a cute oh this
joke you look at kitty they're so cute
oh man get a little french basil
speaking of cute look who's here and
everyone's in love with him so we've
come to the conclusion that anyone who
sees Scarborough and that was just
demonstrated right now that Alison
turned stupid including the most boss
guy like the most like comfortable
doesn't come to me show keep okay oh
dang oh thank you thank you so much baby
we're almost done our first video almost
it's going so well look at this
beautiful setup and all these beautiful
people
Wow well well well well well well
you may recognize reef from such Oscar
award women or women of all women women
videos such as my last one where he was
the pizza guy aka not the last one the
ones coming out right now that I count
I'm confident but okay so Masako can you
do like a really frightened face on
action you ready yeah quite on set quite
on set and action that's more upset
let's get like really like crying
frightened ready and action
okay now pretend that you just met a hot
guy he just pointed out your crusty
elbows ready and action
now pretend that you just met a hot boy
he gave you his number and you called a
and it's out of service and action this
is seeing 12 boys over with all the arms
we'd like to offer you a job here's a
raise
you have a career net you're an adult
video one is done workout video - I'm
fading hard I am so tired right now I
spy with my little eye 1 sweeter ting Oh
two sweeter Tings majus 1
well Italy you leave your camera here
hello really Joe
hello this one for the boy with the
booming system talking down AC with the
cooling system when he come up with the
club he'd be blazing up got stuck on
deck like he's having up and ill he did
he might go to bail he could have but up
no siree holler he pop water landing at
his I kind of built you cold he dope he
might sell coke here is in the air but
he never smoked or she a mother mother
driptip sale of this ship ship when he
make it if kiss him on the lips that's
the kind of guy I was looking for and
yes you get some at could you looking
over you need you a hell of a god I say
more my black Pelican problem so I'm not
so good on the bar of the pickle is all
wrong
just a beard yes are being somebody
please tell me look I am I am what do
you think don't tell it be okay okay but
I just have a cleaning an cleaning
honest
okay all right so I don't give an F I'm
really tired I saw some work to do buy
me a little better I break just a little
bit I'm gonna put some mac and cheese on
the stall okay I'm really worried right
now
I don't play some for tonight a new
liquor big breath alright started to
putt right okay I have a beard starting
to pack I'm gonna wash my hair cuz a
door to your right now and I'm gonna
finish packing and : man I gotta wake up
like six ish I should go to Maine bucks
rush let's do one thing at a time
whoo let's go wash my hair let's as in
you're coming with me mom I swear I
wasn't chewing I mean I'm doing it right
in front of you but you don't need this
sock right baby I don't need that sock
it's okay you eat the sock Scarborough I
wasn't doing your mom I promise I
promise mom see I'm not even touching
this up hey don't bite that wire doll
but hey I'll go ahead and give me the
points also this what a vicious boy what
a vicious boy oh my god how'd you get so
strong what a vicious boy Oh baby
did you keep over did you keep over you
wanna drink some what he's just
happening I'm drinking my second glass
of water right now I'm so thirsty enorus
got some water thinking mom can we
please go to bed
well I licked the outside of the glass
though I am so tired last couple days
like whatever mommy please go to bed
last couple days when I've gone to bed I
felt like next-level tired it's like
I've never slept a second in my life I
don't know what it is I think this
little one tires me out the sad news is
when I go to New Orleans puppies not
coming with me he's gonna stay with
brogan godmother and I'm so sad I'm
gonna miss him so much
I can already foresee me like calling
every three seconds they're gonna miss
you so much baby
oh yes whoo yes ma'am
hmm but when I got rato later on this
month he is gonna come with me so we
must be strong family hold on me finish
this water
mmm let's see how he did today I also
realized if I'm not gonna see
Scarborough this weekend neither are you
so take a good look at this baby boy
shoo shoo
you
