hey harder poopy lives here in today
productivity is legit go live here cuz I
have a stacked day here's a mission you
had a call this morning give me the boys
have a brainstorming session now write
another script gotta have a meeting with
my team member have a standing
appointment then gotta get ready because
I'm heading to a girl of screening of
the new movie blockers and then if I
remember take on my garbage all that
anymore first let's head to the office
yeah I just want to lick your hand your
arm and be a sweet sweet boy and be a
sweet sweet boy all right baby you wanna
drive go for it good job baby
oh thank you for the kisses good job
baby way to go to the office yes ma'am
I'm ready oh thank you so much for the
kitchen you sweet boy let's go
Scarborough has been reunited with his
bay the carpet their fire alarm testing
so he's saving the day go get him go
save him go save him baby go save him go
save him
Arbeit mommy socks whatever okay all
right all right
hello-oh me hi I'm just with my fabulous
dog in his new carry-on bag look at him
so calm so chill not I have the chillest
dog in the world he's just like that's
cool whatever is cool to me you I said
just sweet handsome boy look at you so
this is my airline approved so when we
do travel it's gonna be in the stylish
bag and I'm gonna do one of those moms
that's just like I'm sorry reporting
there you know what time it is you know
what time it is you know what time it is
it's time for our brainstorm a
a tailor loves a good brainstorm I do so
this is gonna be a monumental moment
there's a few mighty member that you've
never met introduce you to one right now
his name is David and this is him oh oh
oh and he's a nice little tap and she
does a lot of the visual effects you see
my videos because ain't none of us know
how to do that here's a little example
he did the Sailor Moon thing very good
job I'm gonna initiate you into the
vlogs right now by giving you a
rapid-fire are you ready for this now I
know you like a lot of things that I
know nothing about so I had some expert
help here with these questions okay
dundun I'm asking series of questions
you answer as quick as you can okay
called horror comedy comedy sweet or
salty salty aria or stuns a start aria
summer a winter winter who's your
favorite Jedi Oh King pisto don't know
who that is
Johnny you know a Jedi is good now this
is the word Taylor told me something
who's your favorite Syd that's
apparently a thing Darth Bane you guys
are nerds huge okay who shot first
popcorn okay great favorite Star Wars
movie Empire strike fact is right answer
who should sit on the Iron Throne and
Game of Thrones nice who's going to die
in infinity war Oh Dennis I also don't
know what he's talking about is that
right
all right this is David so David super
dope cuz I found him through a cooler
and I was Asian called exceptional minds
tell us what that is exceptional minds
is a three-year vocational program for
young adults who are on the autism
spectrum
so people who might not be able to find
work post high school post college and
who want to work specifically in the VFX
and animation industry they have a lot
of great connections through them I was
able to get an internship through first
karch network through Studios like
psychic bunny and finally through Lilly
Singh here yeah and that is how I became
acquainted with the lovely folks here at
unicorn eyes
hope to be with you guys as long as Papa
and he's nothing but wonderful and
awesome best decision ever made David
thing bless your soul carry on you keep
turning it up no time it is time for me
to do fashion all right II picked an
outfit it's actually for the weekend as
I go to New Orleans WrestleMania for
Hall of Fame right now I'm wearing this
like pajama set thing that I'm trying to
figure out like don't wanna leave this
open feel it over sports bra showing
like the vibe I'm going to a girl of
screening the second one we're doing for
the movie blockers because it is a
female director kay cannon and she's
gonna be there egg one of the
initiatives girl that was working on it
is supporting female driven movies and
then hopefully there's make you a after
and it's a free event for people to
comment me though
so I'm hosting it leggo
Nouriel debut is gonna be joining us
after for Q&A so I've been watching this
and you have some heated questions save
them and one of the actresses of gel V
will also be with us it's about the
double standards related to sex and
women which Hamas name is brown so like
I relate I think we need more of these
types of films more women directly more
women in the space and so I'm really
honored to be here to you I think they
knew better to not have a male director
are all wonderful you know they're
awesome guys original script have three
dads and I think it would have been more
of your like yeah oh yeah it used to be
called cherries and the black lines the
script and it was three dads and then it
was changed the pack and they changed it
to two dads and when I got the script of
his two dads in a mom you know
and what was your American promise
oh what a lovely evening I honestly love
those girl love screening was so dope to
have the director and when the actresses
they're like a free love it the movies
really funny like I'm not just saying
that cuz I just screen the movie is
really funny John Cena kills it also and
you think killing the game no what an
eventful day I have a shoot tomorrow two
videos and a bunch of other stuff and
then on Friday I leave in New Orleans a
wrestle man yeah but let's see how we
did
okay thank you team super for watching
my vlog I'll see you tomorrow again when
I'm I'm a perfect boy on yet another day
I'm adorable yeah good job baby good job
baby
so chill except for right now he's
biting my face
you
