can you order we don't change our
clothes apocatip you lose your house
we're so excited this morning I was so
excited this morning I hope you're
having a swell day I woke up really
really early and I've already done four
calls so I'm kind of killing the game
the points points points points here's a
mission for today's number one get in
focus this is just a goddamn camera I
have another call and then I have
another call after write script one
script to go to my inbox order stuff for
the office I know I keep saying this but
I still have basic things the office hug
and kiss Caro and my mission is to poop
everywhere forget it forget it mom what
are you doing
mom what are you doing
breakfast of champions made myself a
little breakfast before I head to the
office and have a very productive day I
don't want to order food like I usually
have been because I went grocery
shopping well we gonna dolt out here
fabulous Carrboro with the magic but it
was like mom there's that devil all
right I'm at the office finished one of
my calls I've one more to go I actually
had to go to the vet last minute because
got one easiest second shot I missed the
date just a huge thing I miss the days
we had to get a second shot which was a
huge monkey wrench in my day but I'm
still gonna do everything I actually
wanted to say in this clip you know what
I love about Scarborough I'm sorry I
know it was talking about him but it
makes me feel so good that if I'm
working or stress about anything he's
just there like he's got my back he's
like you know what mom I'm just gonna be
by your feet I'm loyal I just look I
swear everything our dog I'm being
exposed to a type of loyalty I did not
know existed no friend no family member
no boyfriend no nothing has ever been as
loyal as this gag damn dog to me over
the past month freakin love it look at
you sweetheart
my little baby Cubs really - a baby cub
mommy stop embarrassing me Mommy I'm
trying to stop embarrassing me Mommy
holy crap I have an overwhelming amount
of things to do today I'm so behind I
finished one script though give me the
points I have two more scripts to do one
ran to record I still gotta order some
stuff for the office reason I keep
saying order stuff I have a new team
member and right now this is their
office so I need to sort that out I'm
also buying some wall art from my office
cuz you know how I am and telling my
office is like complete I don't feel the
vibes I need things to be on the wall I
need to be hundred percent complete
I just keep like staring out of being
like it's space here I don't do it's a
spice spice right Scarborough and carpet
calm down calm down please can you hey
he's gonna keep trying it
hey hey hey hey I know you really like
carpet I need you to calm down okay okay
don't act all innocent I know you do
this face it mommy I didn't do anything
look how cute I am mummy and calm it
down okay hey hey hey mister and Miss in
tight Lu hey don't even I see you well
you talk more mummy I never touched the
tape let me never touch the tape all
right I'm gonna walk over here don't
touch the tape
don't touch the tape hey hey hey hey you
touching the tape are you touching
that's me are you dead to the dais hey
hey hey hey hey hey mom hey mummy I
didn't I did not touch the table I know
it looked that way but I did not touch
the tape okay it's 9:00 I need to leave
I'm going crazy I need to go home and
record a rant let's do it okay honesty
hours Lilly I am very overwhelmed right
now I literally drove home like this and
I have this state of numbness over me
and when I get the same numbness that's
right no more okay man speak
I'm also tired like literally five
pimples today today by in the last
couple hours I'd have so much to do and
it's an unrealistic amount of things but
it's okay sometimes days like this is
fine I think I just like want to come
home and show but I have to come over
and like do a lot of work right now but
I'm trying to do dope things so this is
the price you pay sometimes and I've had
a relaxing weekend the past two weekends
so now it's time to do what I am super
super overwhelmed and I have so many
things to do so what do you do right now
is I need to write a rent I need to
record it which like I said doing makeup
over all this not a fan I also didn't
make up but like 10 11 it's just I don't
want do that look I'm gonna do please
you're going under the sofa so you
definitely whooping and then so he's
right there and each record the rent
that I need to read a movie script
Danny's got send a few emails so my goal
is to be in bed by 1:00 is that a call
at 9:00 that gives me eight hours of
sleep so that's a goal see what happens
well the soup woman that is in breath
and just finish my round which means I
also wrote my ran so you should give me
a lot of points right now I have so many
pimples I need to wash my face and put
on a face mask like we're just burning
so Boone Scarborough is so funny he will
follow me everywhere if I just literally
remember two seconds to go P but even if
he's sleeping like Dennis Lee and I exit
the room to grab a drink something he's
gonna get up and follow me to make sure
he's right behind me at all times
watch all right get in here get in here
it's nighttime baby boy well thank you
for joining us on today thank you thank
you say thank you thank you so much
good yeah thank you so much for joining
us on today we had a splendid swell'd a
very very very productive even right now
I'm gonna end the vlog but I'm about to
read a movie script
I'm just ending it now because I think
I'm gonna fall asleep while doing that I
try to read a movie script so I'm not
even do it for the points I'm just doing
it for a knife I'm doing for the hustle
I see I did it you talking to me you
talking to me
okay talk to me some more tomorrow bye
you
