mail mail mail mail welcome we hustle
harder productivity lives here I just
woke up in the song I have in mind if
you know what song is ball what song
combo we can be friends today is Sunday
every Sunday my calendar prompts me like
happy rejuvenation Sunday I'm like I
haven't done that in so long today is
not an exception because here's the
mission you have a standing appointment
then I'm gonna record a podcast Benny
that I had two rehearsals for something
I need to do some organisation in my
house brainstorm some ideas all that
more less new the vlog channel and look
what is she doing I like to be
productive I can make every 24 hours
town so I make a mission I try my best
to complete the mission I give myself
points come on it's not in you you
wanted the same thing it's real easy not
the book Ben make yourself a mission
give yourself some points let's do this
together
also I have to unpack I promised Lily I
promised myself I will not leave this
year or days at a time I will unpack
this recently I've been doing this thing
where I have to unpacked a pack and
unpack my suitcase just stays there for
am not today I am changing that about
myself okay here we go
someone at the door okay I'll do this
later look at all the fashion oh my god
so much fashion we did the fashion so
much fashion happened I did it yay chase
reorganized a suitcase is a very adamant
to put it away for me yes all right well
you know what if there's another person
that's organized freak like me I love it
okay don't you so I moved my day around
a little bit because me and Matt had a
miscommunication I thought he was coming
here and have to go there's a little my
rehearsal first then go to Matt to do
his podcast so I have a few hours of
spare like around an hour I'm gonna
start cleaning a closet hold on
it isn't Jen's okay I know I'm clean
this closet a bazillion times but still
look at it a hot damn man thing ever
fits in it and because of that
equipments all of them has all the time
so much more self is gonna thank me for
this this is gonna be annoying as hell
to do there's no way I can lose an hour
oh we go start working hard or hardly
working at working hard like a good to
have an issue I'm going to clean that
closet everything good like it's dusty I
don't know you've establish we don't
know it's a low each a Saxon only uses
all the time every time you block it's
no because I'm so scared the internet so
and be like you guys that's that's also
correct time its litter sounds oh my god
the organisation everything fits you see
the door closed it yo this Mike tomorrow
so it's gonna freakin tap me on the
booty I was gonna be solid who the
sweetest boy in the world is it who is
it is it is it you you I'm going to head
to where her cell I am doing an Adobe
event tomorrow which I'm super stoked
excited about because like nerdy stop I
love it going to rehearsal today and
then you're headed to Matt's house after
that I've been so productive I've been
like a cleaning tips organization tip I
know when you're watching this -
probably like what a nerd you know what
I love organizing and you know why I
love organizing specifically all of
those times in my life where I feel kind
of like down in the dumps I'm like I
don't know what the hell I'm doing with
my life like I just feel so overwhelmed
it's always reduced when I'm in an
environment that's organized so I do
this not because I'm a nerd that - but
because like it's good for my mental
health later on when I'm freaking
stressed I'm gonna call at least I know
what everything is nothing's falling
apart and it just like to eat cluttering
your environment declutter your brain
trust me if you don't believe me
breaking clean your who like just
organized a drawer organize something
and you'll feel a part of your brain
just open up hey bro Jing look what I
did
wow yeah that's what Brogan sounds like
when she's impressed yeah yeah I'm
impressed
yo bro I don't know we have enough
badges can we get some more badges over
here like more badges guys look it's
Carolyn guys look it's Carolyn you're so
pretty oh my god get Carolyn you ring
the wrong Carolyn Carolyn this is where
you're trying to hop good Carolyn's
about it okay
we need more badges I don't do you have
an imagine we don't have enough badges
so I'm super stoked as Adobe event
tomorrow the setup is so cool but I used
a rehearsal for it and when I'm
rehearsing for things broken to attest
to the fact that I am the biggest clown
on the face of the
almost in tears because we were sad or
funny tomorrow whatever I just like to
bring the comedic atmosphere it's just
like a bunch of people that are like
working from the company so I usually
always mention a competitor for example
if I was like there to represent the
color red I'd go up on stage be like I'm
so happy to be here on behalf of green
I'll just do that so that people like
are alert but I was not my real answer
always seems like well you know why are
you why things are so important and I'm
like to make money in front of lots of
important people I just finished
shooting a podcast with this wonderful
sweetheart man was awesome what does it
come up if yours will be out in about
two weeks there it is
two weeks when it comes out I'll do all
the liking and the loving and then
you'll do all the clicking and the
watching right now and do a really fun
log segment you know the thing is Matt
use all about fat he's all about fast
sex so we gonna see how many facts you
know right now so we are going to react
to some popular Audio illusions now you
won't tell me some facts when it comes
cuz a lot of this is like repeated
people move the Laurel and the Lani and
look what is it we don't normal debacle
what did you hear by the way oh my god
can't remember it was Laurel or but
anyways we're gonna try a few of the
first one yours
entertaining no no piano notes are being
played if you know this song you'll
start to hear the lead singers well
there's a boy or it's being sung
oh my god yeah where are you going to
happen is 100% digital piano simply
match to the frequency of the original
song and not mixed with real vocals what
the words this EP piano shows a similar
phenomenon it's hard to make out what
it's saying but as soon as words are
on-screen you begin to hear it talking
no after a sound wave hits your ear it's
transformed into signals for your brain
okay I'm sure that that was not avoiding
external signals that it can't process
it all at once and so it uses context to
craft what you're hearing that was
really great that was great the
smashmouth one not so much yeah I could
hear a voice that yes the piano with
this guy's riddle depending how the
speaker moves their mouth you'll hear
the accompanying sound is either ba ba
or dumb he's like bump
I hear ba ba ba here by now
I know you're all in I don't hear dumb I
hated that was those breaking my brain
listen you hear a word for whatever
object is on the screen even though the
audio doesn't change okay this is about
to be so much bad parity though your
bail your bail what I heard them in
succession I heard bill bill pale pale
pale mayor bill and mayo
bill mail bills nail bill mail you say
blossom you mail mail mail mail okay you
know what thank Tom words are a let's do
it
play this and before it tells us that
it's staying alive
tell me here
you see what's crazies I do hear it man
yeah but when it so basically what we've
learned is that you're hearing is
totally affected by also what you see
yes that's probably why people can read
mallets oh well well it's that's what
said built like the title of the video
is bill bill bill pale PA il then P al
even Mayo and then I've heard them in
that succession I think the visual
screws with the auditory as well like
you're a stepside I already hate this
let's close our eyes let's go okay my
anxiety isn't good
sounds like it's starting over
it sounds like blue
so they hand grab this one I like just
kidding
then what's to be happy right now it's
getting higher and higher but it smells
like it's looping you hear it okay we
hold on what is this what are we looking
oh wow this seems to get forever higher
but it really never does
I heard boat I heard both I mean I heard
both I heard it going higher and higher
and higher higher but I could also hear
it like in the background
looping I heard both at the same time
that's insane I only heard of getting
higher you're more sophisticated yeah
for real as the finale we're gonna do
one old-school one again here we go
remember than either of us can remember
oh you got white go pay me like this
yeah any are loyal loyal I can't okay
can I get over it always your reading
test okay ready Laurel yeah yeah yeah
it's the end it's Laurel you're doing
stupid you just worry about your fight
not dead serious if Laurel okay wait I
need to know I you just wanted me on my
dad's life I'm hearing Laurel only yeah
yeah
Laurel Laurel yeah now Laurel I don't
hear ya knee at all but now it's Laurel
you know it was always that yo dislike
me this isn't you Laurel it didn't
change no I saw the screen it said
Laurel for a second and then ever since
then I can only alone make me here yeah
knee okay area look at the screen what
does it yeah okay look at the word and
with it's like okay okay yeah knee
yeah okay yes oh my god seconds I only
hear Laurel I only hear I am shook
literally it was yet you know it's okay
you know what this has already been done
it's fine thank you for inviting us as
these high illusions now our friendship
is broken forever
well GJ got his podcast when it comes on
it's gonna be late I'm gonna go over
question my life right now thinks this
is my life
say bill bill now I don't give
male I don't know finish sending the
emails I need to send I'm so excited and
now I'm going to vacuum you know why
because I'll bill up myself and I'm on
fire and there's a little bit of time
for my bedtime tomorrow my glam is 6:30
a.m. in the morning also tomorrow new
video or when he watches today a new
video is dropping his mistake beat
it's called when Shane Dawson uploads
moo-ha-ha god I just mother fing killed
it vacuum the whole house dig my laundry
clean my washroom yeah me go poo and and
you need to give you bonus points for
this one come on finally put my bed
sheets there I gotta wake up in a less
than six hours for hair and makeup Samet
ago the f to sleep let's say we did
today tomorrow we do
you
