welcome back losing those we help the
heart of productivity lifter what is
poppin it is went when it's Wednesday I
swear to God I don't stages I actually
don't know what day it isn't as Monday
Thursday is when this is day Wednesday
so it should be pronounced Wed nest is
that just me calm pull up your green
we're gonna have a very productive day I
feel like an LA it's allergy season past
couple days I've woken up and it's been
80 and an itchy and IHG and itchy and
scratchy I feel like that's not it
exactly like here's the mission today
well quite my rant write another script
shoot video on shoot video to go through
my inbox in inbox
Wow in the back unpacked the pack we go
keep it hustling let's do it team supers
follow along with me with your own to do
let's head but let's do it I can't tell
you guys how close I am to smashing my
head against the frame every single time
like I'm like this far boy from cracking
my skull open every time I do the hood
why can't I talk head butt Oh beautiful
rag boom that requires no light because
of the sunshine yes please I did it I
recorded the random so first when I
started this mic wasn't working which is
like very strange because I've used this
mic for years never touched it oh it
sounds like you pocono me but then I
figured it out after some finagling all
right now I got to write another script
I'm toying around with the idea of a
Shane Dawson themed video just because
I'm so intrigued by how impactful and
innovative and just like James changing
he's been lately I really wanted to do
the mind of Shane Dawson like two or
three weeks ago but I saw them wash
already kind of did it Ian from Smosh
just was like I have another idea in my
mind toying around with him just with it
she little with it so let's step into my
office just finished writing script - it
is so silly and funny it is completely
about Shane Dawson like completely I
watched smosh's version it was really
funny but it's not even close to that
it's kind of like a paranormal popular
movie
I feel like it's just gonna be like a
Shane Dawson family at this point but I
just think it's so clear it is like
honestly Real Talk I know how hard it is
to stay fresh and innovative on YouTube
when you've been doing it for so long as
I have so much respect even though
admittedly I haven't seen all of Shane's
docu-series in all the parts I'm gonna
be honest and say that I have him I just
really love see your Creator that can
reinvent themselves so passionately
because I know our that is so I've okay
for one day because Shane doesn't fat
account but I think it's really fun my
eyes super when I get yo shoot
extravaganza you all have been hanging a
script it is magic it is art its film
it's poetic it's all the things ready
page one here we go sit there wait we
don't want them to get your dogs are
these white people I'm white anyway all
right we need some group voiceover so
the crew is gonna handle it one two
three go
big deal yo you know what the best part
having cool friends if they stay and do
cool stuff
check this out son and her flowers by
rupee hardcover it's like first of all I
think one rupee if she checks every
detail of stopping material the colors
all the things the sign under flower
baby you are new braces is actually
super cute these colors I'm Ashwin
guitar event look this production that
oh she said I am a DIY clean I know
Michaels I will target I own everywhere
I don't know what's available those
places but I'm pretty sure it is no girl
for smell Brandon Freddie photos it's
time to know your girls securing the bag
get the bag make a custom leather board
kit and you can afford crap like this in
the box chair of the bag shoe game a
hunting no we zest studio71 about to
shoot our second video sir over here is
breaking down the script we have four
people and it's like 20 character so
it's gonna be making work gonna be great
Rogan I need you to play Jill Bob Kevin
and Steve yes good emails all this
so when you don't have picture frames
you can just use black tape to make it
look legit production design Pro tips
Bob Scott was trying to bring back Mike
in the program 2012 action action
check out all solutions every set and
action you guys you guys hey Turner you
don't build it again before the shoot
started Brogan guests they would have
not one of them and when she said that I
was like are you dough or your dome she
was absolutely right
and that's a rarity cuz usually I boys
right I don't know
yo you don't know about that I'm right
like an exceptional amount of time am I
not even lying to me no you are because
you think no no no Barney you are you're
yeah
is it better pretty smoky look at you
it's great and underneath angles really
doing any a lot of cred know that I
think all your angles are great all
right y'all we're wrecked and we're
cleaning up
oh what a late shoot aren't so tired is
about 2:00 a.m. but I still don't unpack
my compact term I'm going to send friend
and then from there I'm going to Alberta
for weed a at a bunch of events and also
chase just landed he's about to come
over as well he's about to say it for a
bit so it's gonna be in it I'm gonna do
a face mask with these new stick
only ones they gave me which are super
super dope that you can mix and match
depending on what the f you want to do
with your skin how was your day tell me
about your day found all day you listen
to me and my nonsense like comment below
tell me what you did what did you eat
who did you chill with what did you
accomplish you never asked all to say
how many points did you get comment
below and let me know how many points do
I want to know if you keeping up with me
or my need to be keeping up with you
arts and crafts two exciting things
Chase is here more exciting Scarborough
officially has a drawer full of all of
his clothes in my room look at this boys
look alright are you biting you think no
mm-hmm honest but I'm so tired I
finished unpacking I put some laundry in
the washing machine and I packed so I'm
ready to go kind of wake up early
tomorrow in the morning Adams also a
little tired I forgot about how
understand fun I have a new bloopers
reel I have not seen it yet I'm not
gonna react to it because I feel like
when I talk and laugh over you can't
hear it we're throw to it and I lose my
thoughts enjoy bloopers Conner sit no I
don't want to sit Conner
you can't make me sit there flat scoop
well how are you I don't
oh did you guys oh damn I miss wait to
my passport yes mine thing I can't move
the suitcase that her to do blindly I
was walking around Piccadilly with my
old mate when a bloke says young Russian
my job take care of it you know I'd love
to hang out but I'm sleeping in a tent
tonight outside the Supreme store
waiting for their next drop I smoked
like a pack of cigarettes a day sure you
connect the wires correct
in this new model we've disabled the
ability to dab and remove Lilla removed
presents the purpose for your visit I'm
gonna Sasson to kill people smuggling
I've been in contact with livestock
I think we got a border what I'm here
teller with diets from the struggle this
runs of traveling abroad video but what
could we sit the border that was sort of
weird I you know all things you fell on
the immigration from have you've been in
touch with livestock you have more that
didn't touch the cat and then our us oh
my god USB there's only two sides takes
me 40 turns at forty tries every single
time it just might even handle it I hope
you enjoyed that thank you for joining
me on today what a productive day
tomorrow we're on some travel have a lot
of travels coming up so your view like
travels and you like this and you like
nothing substantial
today when you're watching this it is
super thirsty and new videos coming up
so make sure you stay tuned so my main
channel is Dombey
you
