whatever water we are on the set right
now the barbers dreams a pair of shoes I
guess called the YouTube dreams and so
far it is amazing the reason I want to
shoot this video is I just feel like so
many people including myself I'm guilty
of this our tempted to just take life so
seriously we just take everything way
too serious and I like this video the
best I'm trying to get were just like
you know let's just live life laughing
huge shots all the guys I was super
nervous and messaging some of these guys
especially like the David Dover except
the world were like we mutually know
each other but like we've never had a
conversation really be on tours and make
fun of your relationship the nails make
the biggest difference with me because I
feel 100 times my fabulous like I am a
rapper and guess what now I'm feeling
great memorizing the song slowly get my
makeup did here's the thing about when
I'm trying to like you know parody
someone all the little things like all
the difference the nails the winged
liner everything like I I'm slowly
becoming Nicki Minaj I just don't have
the booty someone gave me some carbs we
gonna start today
yeah a text from Lily she was like yo
can i insult you real quick
and I was like for sure I'm not really
sure how far is she took it but
hopefully it's not too mean
so a friend o heart I don't know what
you said about me but I know you roasted
me so I'm I'm a roast you right now
right star bro hey hey okay
you know what your hair is so long and
luxurious
I bet it's such a hassle to maintain it
your face
yeah I have to make an emergency
appointment with my therapist but you
know other than that is great you know
some would say here's perfect
and here's Lily you know just a little a
little bit more than perfect but let's
see let's see you know she loves
unicorns probably because they're about
as fake as the if she confronts me I was
all game because of one I love the human
touch - I love Barbie dreams three gotta
love lilies I was just like I can't not
be a part of it I to know that the only
reason anyone ever comes to her house is
first Barbara
sure what the thing Lily asked me
initially I was kind of like mrs. rose
other people challenged question mark I
trust her though I trust her creative
vision and we worked with each other for
years
Tommy osseous crypt I think he did the
lyrics just do it I trust you I was on
board if I have to roast the lily
there's too much 90 and single with no
friends and we're gonna be feel like bro
we tried to kick it and we were sexy in
her 20s and where was you you was
playing that's doing yeah I mean she's
perfect other than that just just text
me back I'm struggling somewhat the
delirious I did write the song last
night but it's also like the last word
overlaps with the first words and like
to leave you in the dust and right away
it starts I don't I can't actually like
cats well did you like you stop and
think it's obviously the team is being
great it was being patient also like I'm
sick and I have to keep sneezing and I
yeah burning my nose I don't about my
nose because I might make everyone's
life is constantly doing this to prevent
the sneeze
I'm really sick there's a lot of it
but this is my last shot in Iraq oh my
god - the monster shoeshines - the team
applied to every single man in this
video who allowed me to install them
thank you for not taking yourself so
seriously they allowed me to have some
light-hearted fun you know all of you
and I think your dog my dog agrees don't
thank you think he's not my dad if you
let the other sure where to come up
because the girl is sick and she is
working hard
