welcome back to Lucy laws we also heard
a Productivity lives here although today
to be honest we're not gonna be that
productive because my neck and back are
f you watched yesterday's vlog you know
I got into a pretty big car accident
feeling it today first sure it's like
I'm moving like as if there was a
broomstick protruding from my butthole
up until the top of my head but happy to
be alive grateful to be alive still
super shaken up and like run keys
messaging me cuz I've been like calling
my family being I got a lot of beans oh
it's just like kind of a surreal time
but there's the mission for today we're
gonna go meet up with some friends go to
a wedding
celebrate life all that more let's do it
yes so then a promo our Monday video now
I'm gonna have some real talk you know
this is why I love my GLAAD more people
are walking by just taking a selfie okay
so let's have a moment of real talk
because that's why I started this vlog
channel I see some tweets that team
super is getting a little bit upset
about or not even upset maybe maybe you
guys were just responding actually quite
calmly it was like video made that's
like the road to relevancy and it's like
me and like a whole bunch of other
creators are no longer relevant cuz we
don't get views anymore I'm gonna be
honest this used to really bother me and
sometimes it does kind of bother me one
like in videos aren't getting views
especially for like a video about a good
cause like voting or like girl love it
and very low view and I know what does
well on YouTube these days it's reality
stuff dramatic stuff and I'm noting
anything bad about that it was just not
what I do so I had to really like sit
with that and live with that and I've
been thinking and here's the thing right
I am at peace with this because I'm so
much more than YouTube years ago I was
just YouTube but now it's like yeah my
videos don't get millions and millions
of views but I'm doing so much other
dope stuff and I'm not just saying this
to make myself feel better I'm saying
cuz I hope that you don't feel
disappointed in team super and like the
performance YouTube views like you can't
chase that it's not a realistic goal
name one person that's been number one
on YouTube forever no more no it's
always fluctuating it's always going up
and down someone's always really hot
then they're not anymore
it's just not healthy to be like I need
to do whatever it takes to just get a
lot of views on YouTube because that's
always changing and I started it was
comedy skit now it's like dramatic
reality stuff that I don't want to do
and so I'm like yo YouTube is one part
me but I got my production company I got
girl love stuff I just spoke at the
United Nations
I'm sending girls to school that's some
acting stuff going on I wrote a book I'm
working on all these side projects I've
come to peace with the fact that YouTube
is one piece of me and not all of me so
like no I'm not a relative and this is
my way of just straight up being like
anyone wants to call me irrelevant and
you're looking at YouTube you see living
in a very small world and I'm saying
this mostly because I want team super
did another like don't think you got to
tweet me because I'm upset about this
because yeah I got lots ish poppin and
yo let me to say something Oh side side
no here it's gonna be a little bit like
you I almost died yesterday let me be
cocky for a second you want to look at
YouTube views I have a catalog of over a
thousand videos and then over a thousand
vlogs I have thousands of videos online
I make two videos a week so even if the
video I just released gets zero views
girls still securing the bang and not to
mention you're still putting my name and
thumbnail in videos calling me relevant
so clearly I'm not that irrelevant I
just wanted to say this because I don't
want you all to think that like oh my
god we got to cheer Lily up and like
we're just putting yo I'm super still
killing it working out a lot of great
thing without chasing those YouTube
views but sometimes we're gonna get them
for example Monday somebody calling me
hello oh sorry I didn't hear I'll kill
answer right now BRB my room service is
here I want to fit into my dress ID to
order like a super healthy meal as I was
saying Monday's video I'm very very hype
about it's my barbecues parody who's a
picture of sneak peek and I'm just super
impressed with all the guys that gave me
permission to roast them no one
emphasized and I'll say this again when
it comes out but like this is not meant
to be taken seriously Barbie dreams was
actually made off biggie song where he's
like talk about a bunch of girls and
then Nicky talk about a bunch of guys
but it's not meant to be serious that's
the course of like I'm playing but I'm
saying right it's meant to be like
poking fun at guys and for me when it
was personally I was like I think
everyone just take life so seriously
specially after what happened yesterday
I'm like yo we did enjoy life laugh be
friends like not just hold grudge that
all of the things I'm saying are jokes I
don't mean this about any of the people
I'm saying but I do roast the effort of
a lot of YouTube guys so if they dude
it's gonna be it when you forgot your
steamer oh boy the back is stiff the
vibes right now what I'm wearing woo I
thought my hair would be more like wavy
taking out of the braids but not really
I think so how's this like nice appeal
to it so here's how it's too big see how
it's drooping here should be like tight
so what I like that it's fine otherwise
kind of falling we're gonna we're gonna
allow it
good stuff my bra but I don't know if
that'll help
like also I don't want so we're gonna
live with this also it's so hot outside
as soon as I step outside my hair is
gonna be trashed so does it matter
I decided to wear my Indian earrings are
always time for Indian areas like a
Western okay people are like yo cuz it
looks like Al extravagant but a pretty
people's like pretty basic he's gonna
basic earring but like it's a bag I'm my
shoes I'm outfit let's go we are headed
to Cathy's wedding okay last night I did
not realize this was the view holy crap
look how pretty everyone is they're all
dressed up it's prom it's a whole
situation oh my god negara live I'm so
happy about that
some magic talks oh my goodness
are you kidding me right now
this is here I'm so excited I need what
is on my roof why don't we have one of
these this is not dress friendly not
also let me give me I'm like why is this
so much fun it's so basic
obsessed obsessed and obsessed I'm
obsessed with okay Iran so from the door
killing the game was happy so I made the
executive so just lipstick Williamson
come on I made the executive decision to
go home tonight the party is done there
is an after-party that a bunch people
are going to you know my major mistake
was I should've stayed at Lindsay's
place and not booked this hotel because
I'm like so far separated from everyone
anyway Justine is going home soon I'm
gonna go home with her just because
tomorrow they're leaving at 7:00 a.m.
anyway and I'm like my neck is kind of
hurting and I want to get like a full
day tomorrow to make sure I can like try
to see a chiropractor or a doctor or
something catch up on some work so I
just like it's more responsible to leave
right now
so in the morning waking up and having
to go to their place and ymax me I'm
trying to justify to myself as well I
like today what a beautiful wedding holy
crap Cathy looks so happy sound looks so
happy you know as I meet couples like
this I'm like yo you guys like prove to
me what a couple should be because you
actually do bring out the best in each
other and I think like every time I make
jokes of all your couples are so
annoying cause the boys around couples
are like I don't always feel like I can
say that and I think that's because in
Indian culture it's like gotta get
married some people just got married but
I like when I see these couples or I'm
like yo you guys like actually look
really happy together it's just
beautiful her wedding was phenomenal she
looked gorgeous
I'd such a great time got home safely
picked up this little sweetie pie who I
don't think is feeling very well we did
some throwing up but I've just noticed
that like when I'm in a car I'm like
stressed if someone even like turns
remotely close to Karma quick before
exam I definitely don't want to dry I
had to drive to pick him up but I don't
want to drive that much even though I
wasn't driving during the action I just
like even when Justi was driving I was
like this car so close lets the car so
close I'm just tripping out i'ma go to
bed good night good morning it is Sunday
I woke up my neck is peeling back it's
tip my nose is running my sickness is
coming back I'm just like remember a few
days ago when I was like I'm sick
nothing could be worse that I got my
period and I'm just like oh my god I'm
sick and on my period and also I got a
car accident what next I'm gonna have a
chill day today why because big mouth
just returned to Netflix also she only
have two things to do have a tweak the
Barbie dreams parody song for tomorrow
I'm very excited about can you focus on
me fantastic and then I got to go
through my inbox I'm not gonna stack my
day with work I know my week is like Ram
full of stuff so take it easy chill out
Scarborough is also not feeling good
thrown up a few times we're just a sick
household right now
okay so Scarborough keeps throwing up
his food ever since yesterday like he
eats and can't keep food down so I'm
gonna take him to the vet it's just
acting sad observe
don't hide under the sofa we take him to
the vet thank God my vlog is therapeutic
cuz I'm about to go on the biggest read
to ever and I'm gonna acknowledge right
off the bat that it's entitled and
unnecessary and really not a big deal
but I just feel so aggravated I need to
get out of my system so allow me to be
entitled for two minutes so first coat
to the back is like Google if the vent
is open today it is open so I go to the
vet and I walk in I'm like this is
what's wrong with scovia oh we're
actually closed I'm like that's weird
cuz I'm literally standing right here
talking yeah today's only medication
pics I'm like well Google said you're
open check yeah we have to get around to
changing that I'm like grey you will go
to the Animal Hospital down the block
the same animal hospital I went to when
Scarborough had the whole grape fiasco
Mike okay so now pull this place a
parking attendant I'm like hey what's
our park he's like over there is fine on
my cool I've over there
no parking get on my car okay so where'd
you let me park and anywheres fine I'm
like okay where he's always there's no
spots there's literally like three spots
but it's not a big parking lot okay cool
maybe in the street then I'm like this
is my this annoyed me right off the bat
already because he was like smoking up
and like on his phone not even doing his
job one of my greatest pet peeves is
when someone has a job and they're so
blatantly doing a bad job but it's one
thing if you're having a bad day what
you're doing is hard but someone who's
just like so slacking off as someone
who's had a handful of crappy job is
always done a really good job at them or
they try to do well it really aggravates
me when I meet someone that's just like
a young entitle person that's like ya
know over them like what are you doing
anyway so I parka go into the end off
snow and here's the thing right oh no
I'll do anything for Scarborough oh no I
will pay any amount of score I'm
fortunate enough to be able to say that
I just feel like this particular place I
go to every time I go there they have
created a business I'm just over
stressing you and charging you for
things like go in his stomach is upset
he's been throwing up last time I went
to the normal back there like do some
like nauseous you know nausea medicine
just keep an eye on him XY says every
time I go to this particular place don't
be like oh wait you know yeah it's
probably not wish to x-rays we should do
that and then they give you this bill
that's almost $700 I'm like wait hold on
I'm like you're telling me that it's
probably fine like yeah I probably just
ate something but just to be safe and
then they're like the way they
it doesn't feel like it's coming from a
place of concern it feels like it's
coming from a place of like I'm going to
make as much money as I can from you
right now so Mike wait no a month ago
cuz if you remember in September I was
traveling Brogan took him to the Becca's
throwing off and they did and I'm like
do whatever do all the actually it so I
paid $600 that time that was a month ago
and I was like I don't know if I gotta
do all this again so then I call up
other vet know like check on us it I'm
like this and give him the nahji
medicine I'll come back if he keeps
throwing up tomorrow to check what I'm
just like the way they stack up that
bill and make you feel bad they created
a business it's one thing if you really
feel like the pet needs it but I just
might instincts tell me that is not the
case it's just them being like all this
suckers gonna do that but like poor
people that could not afford these
things take care of their pets against
this whore pay for the health care in
America in general a Canadian self I
just I just feel like something so wrong
with that like people need help
yeah charge of an arm or leg anyways
long story short the reason this is all
pissing me off anymore because my neck
hurts so badly about this whole process
I'm just like just broke Stephen won't
even make it stop stressing me out right
now
god damn it one more thing I recognize
this vlog a very long
first of all I'm sitting in the waiting
room there's two other people this big
waiting room three people a whole bunch
of doctors someone calls them on the
phone they're like yeah you can bring
them in but we're extremely busy right
now and I'm just like where I feel like
they're saying that's when the person
comes they're justified to like charge
them more I don't know I honestly I
don't get it I don't get it no he's
going to his food bowls like are you
feeling better
are you okay baby you okay not feeling
good stupid vest attorney charge so much
money and that's nothing I don't had
pokken Prime every time he's not feeling
good extra blood test this is that I'm
like he's just like just give him some
Nadja matters stop stop doing this God
stupid people right Chuck Scarborough
some special bland food for the tummy
pick myself up so some of that and I
would make myself some dinner and just
chill out I think there's a lot of my
mind the accident my neck hurting I'm
like not over my friend who passed away
recently my now I mind there's too much
stuff on my mind I don't feel in a
peaceful place which I should because I
just had a near-death experience and you
think after that I'd be like I just feel
cloudy so just these stress they're
gonna organize him stuff in the house
and declutter house do you cut her mind
will see standby well the first time
ever instead of just throwing away the
dead flowers I'm separating the alive
ones of the dead ones hopefully this is
a metaphor for
Lively's within this Lily as well the
symbolism it's art really
I literally just checked 100 emails like
literally 100 I had 108 and now I have a
hundred emails just got checked give me
the point these eight are just marked
for later because I can't answer them
right now just finished tweaking Barbie
dreams check out how many layers happen
usually I have like four layers look at
this how many layers of the verse and
the course and all that stuff voiceovers
but I repeat myself over myself so if I
say like it's like an echo kind of ad
that was a bit yeah
yep what that kind of stuff so I do all
layers nice them to a leader on ebro's
and he fixes them up but this one has so
many layers so Ally Godspeed he already
it's done one version of this but I just
went to tweak a few cuz I wasn't happy
with some lines so it's like version two
nice hairstyle Scarborough punk rock
Scarborough very nice very nice that
officially marks me doing all the work I
had to do today and now I get to do
something fun which will also go wash my
hair because it's got a nice thing but a
couple days ago I'm still kind of sick
right now it was super sick a couple
days ago and the fan account tweeted
saying sign your baby pictures to cheer
me up so I'm gonna proceed to go through
a few of your baby pictures and I'm very
excited because not so many things
genuinely cheer me up as like babies and
puppies or animals in general so I'm
excited oh my God look exactly the same
also you photoshopping the book into
your hands is everything it's a whole
look can we just zoom into this smile
and I'm sorry like this epic Bollywood
superstar fam oh my god you are so
adorable we'll also have so many
questions and why are you on top of a
car parents where are you oh my god
you're so adorable
my mom loved dressing me like a dog you
are so could you old oh my god I wanna
bite those cheeks those ribbons
see white kids with the red cheeks from
a young age I really love it this is so
I was literally a chipmunk you are so
adorable oh my god team super you might
be the cutest babies in the dark world
and thus little slippers on the feet
I'll hold
look a big mood right here yo me when I
find out that my flight is Air Canada me
what happened with the doctor for any
reason also I'm trying to I'm getting
appointment for tomorrow so don't trip
me when I work so hard
guest reviews oh okay we got a group
photo here this is a beautiful early 90
matching mother-daughter this is just
everything and more reverent ear and
headlights as the caption you were so
adorable and your mom is so gorgeous as
a whole vibe yo it alrighty good did not
come to play oh this is so adorable
yours a little I love that that is so
you kind of like Taylor Swift also just
like Sweezey say okay Beyonce is that
you a whole queen she said from a young
age act in formation years ago so
adorable and the elephant okay I
remember just like this but my mom used
to but if you close the poster today
because like I didn't want to wear this
is so adorable I love it so much
yo I am so many pictures dressed up as a
which add to just was a which like 14
times an hour every year like why don't
you be make to you already have had this
is adorable your smile is everything
that I love that you're grabbing your
foot food on the face eyes looking dope
a whole look okay glamour shots model
life Carly cause cool character Levine
mu Kendall Jenner who you look like a
mutt looking on the distance this hair
in my face doesn't bother me it's just
what I did scarborough's crying he also
wants to see I look every kid has a
picture where they're just sleeping
while they're eating and I'm just like I
can relate cuz when I don't know why yo
that's joke if I have never seen show
that is what do you think baby boy okay
I see you pose it on the pillar flowers
in your hair dress with the white shoes
okay thank you so much for setting for
your baby pics I love them you're all so
adorable and that actually did really
lift my spirits because children are so
pure this vlog is so long I'm so sorry
you should not have to see this much of
my face when you're watching this today
the Barbie dreams parody is coming out I
would really hard on then check it out
if you want if you have the time don't
forget before everyone loser
they're mine I got permission from the
guys it is not meant to be serious it's
not meant to offend them yeah
disclaimers never say but let's see how
we did today until tomorrow it's hope
Scarborough feels better right boom boom
punk rock
you
