okay I don't care who judges me the
beast is 100% getting smashed lifts your
I am back in LA going going back back
tell me your curly I feel like I do that
every single time I don't notice what
comes to my brain just like and I have
to do it I feel like I am getting sick
hoot shocked no one because usually when
I'm done traveling forever I'm sick my
mom and dad were both sick before I left
my nephews were sick and I was partying
with them so I just surrounded my sick
infested germaphobe well I'm just saying
words right now I wasn't near a lot of
germs and that's what I'm getting sick
also on top of that was super cold in
Toronto now it's super hot in LA
somebody's just like what is you doing
regardless I put a power through because
we gotta stack day here's the mission
for today's you yo corn Island Skype
call meeting with the team member
meeting with the whole team write a
script have a unicorn Island meeting
write a song record a song with my doing
this all today one last interview called
release the video do super six you holy
crap oh you make your own to do this
let's see if you can keep up with each
other okay let's do it so I just
finished my unicorn island call it was
what a project worked gun
like I said development takes a long
time I can't tell you about it but yo it
is very exciting because there's this
writer from India who is like you you're
a real one yeah it's you had you know
you guys pretend to be excited you guys
miss me
you guys all miss me yo what's good fam
your life makes sense now II see you
either so excited see when I walk in the
door they're freaking crying you're
crying good thing is I already wrote
majority of that song each write on the
plane on the flight here yesterday but
first meeting I had was a bros brogan
everyone say bye to Brogan I'm here yes
make sure you call her references
alright brother you're been a great
asset to the team
see you later bro you just received
great news I'm the bastard I you're so
red look how red you are I was sitting
in the Sun that's it uh-huh all right
good job get out of here get out of here
I actually just gave her a good news
yeah good the car blight is doing this
weird thing on my face just had a great
meeting for unicorn Island I'm learning
so much throughout this production
company because I'm so out of my element
Paulino so much every day I like learn
and literally in the meetings I'm just
like because my brain is processing all
the information but super great I'm
super out of my comfort zone so it only
means I can learn great things you're
heading back to the office to pick up
Scarborough then we got a crapload of
work to do still Jesus Christ I'm so
overwhelmed with things to do so you
know what I got to do and make a list
here's what we got we got 5:00 to 6:30
right my around 6:30 or 7:00 record my
rent 7:00 to 7:30 I got a text some
people for tomorrow shoot then from 8:00
to 8:30 have an interview have to get on
the phone from 8:30 to 10:00 mo write
script one for tomorrow from 10:00 to
12:00 midnight on the right burp and
then I'm a recording my song
damn that's release video today's video
is a voting video now right off the bat
before you black um Jews not American
right I'm not an American citizen I
can't even vote but I have just learned
a lot about voting and registering to
vote on all the obstacles that the
American government puts forth that
makes it hard for people to vote that
like I didn't deal with those things as
being a Canadian so I want to make a
video it's not my usual type of video
there's a comedic parody on like a
sneaker drop complex style of getting
the I voted sticker it's to encourage
young people to register to vote trying
to have a voice you know I'm all about
having a voice and improve in the world
so if you're an American citizen and
you're over the age of 18 please
register to vote because if you do not
register to vote you cannot vote them
every usual the videos got close to zero
views now sue that's ungrateful stop the
ungrateful my videos have not been pop
and recently it's okay it's the youtubes
machine we're not gonna argue with the
algorithm we're gonna be arguing with
ourselves
I don't put damn school in the title my
video doesn't get seen it's completely
fine okay possibly keep doing the thing
I'm really super excited about the video
I'm working on tonight the Barbie cheese
parody freakin
let's get to work now all right I just
had a moment y'all I need to tell you
about it because it was beautiful and it
was real and I know sometimes with my
vlogs I'm a good girl so much energy
this is the night everyone comments me
like I'm so energetic and positive and
perfect all the time well I really feels
important to also show you like the not
that version of Lily you know the one
that's super stressed enough and leg
doesn't have confidence I literally
after that last take of me I'd be like
let's go let's do it I like shut down I
laid on my floor on the carpet close to
tears now just like yo I feel so numb so
much stuff to do there's so much on my
brain there's so much on my professional
and my personal play I literally fell
like
I have no time to feel anything have no
time to be a human now just like
shutting down had a moment to myself and
this is what I always say when I was
like be your own best friend love
yourself talk to yourself that's exactly
what I mean I was lying on the floor
right there and I was like yo you are
beautiful exactly how you are you have a
lot of stuff on your plate you will have
to practically fix that and I basically
had a talk with myself at the end of it
I was like now you will get up and
you'll prove to yourself while you're
absolutely you'll prove to yourself
while you were at least then you're
gonna get up you're gonna be grateful
and you're gonna do the things you need
to do and prove to yourself why you can
do this and then I've literally got up I
put some popcorn in the microwave and
I'm like you are gonna do this and not
just do it you're gonna be grateful and
you're gonna be present and you're gonna
be just okay with yourself it is okay I
was like just beating myself up so much
so that's what I mean like I know on all
these vlogs have you see people that are
so energetic and I'm best usually me but
yo behind the scene I shut the eff down
sometimes I cry sometimes I'm not
confident sometimes I lack self-esteem I
literally will sit there some days and
be like you're not funny enough and
you're not smart enough for this and you
can't do all this and you will not be
able to I have those moments and I talk
to myself and I shut the eff up and I
get back up and I do what I need to do
that's the moral of my story I just spit
on your face I'm sorry but this is just
my way of saying it happens to all of us
it doesn't matter how many times you lie
on the floor matters how many times you
get back up and I just did and let's get
to work
oh just recording my rank and it is 6:10
I was supposed to finish this at 7 so
I'm 55 0 minutes ahead of my schedule
maybe I'll have time to like go grocery
shopping oh my god
you will have time to like be horizontal
no that's just maybe go shopping also no
just thinking does it say text boys on a
to-do list it does just exit some boys
got myself an hour and a half ahead of
schedule so I am gonna go grocery
shopping which I didn't need it to be
possible but look at me I'm a dolphin
it's so hot outside but I gotta wear a
sweater cuz grocery stores just be
freezing and my name's be like speaking
of it just might get doing.we sweater
speaking of wee girl love her fakies and
necklaces are limited quantity i saw
some tweets about this once these sell
out
they're not gonna be restocked like
previous campaigns especially the
necklaces so grab them until october
11th this is the golden trying to hit
please help me out want to eat that goal
wanna send as many girls as school as
possible if you can't afford it please
share the news of someone who can and do
your parts wrong this together let's go
go shopping back with 13 minutes to
spare oh after my publicist at the
grocery store as well so i was like the
universe is telling me this a sign just
learned a lesson the hard way don't make
spaghetti without a shirt on it burns
Buchan i'll and water his cobra have you
seen my sock was supposed to finish
writing my script by 10 it is 1001
killin it it's a brown people trying to
surprise parties when I was in Toronto
my parents tried to kind of surprise me
that I'm an uncle surprise party so the
video basically wrote itself it's
completely based on true events and my
family's gonna watch it and then murder
me okay so we're on our last task of the
day which is to finalize the song and
record it so if she's about to get lit
right now I am about to record the
Barbie Dreams parody which I'm going to
be insulting many male youtubers and I
say insulting with a because I've
actually asked almost all of them for
permission so it is with good vibes and
good intentions with the utmost
permission like I smell to be fun so I
was supposed to be done at midnight it
was much harder than anticipated I
couldn't find an instrumental that was
at the same pace as the original -
really screwed over the flow I had in
mind and also like it was just
I don't know I'm just like super
stuttering my words and so my words and
I'm just tired it's 1:30 a.m. before I
go to bed my brain is a little bit like
don't do one fun thing let's do it
so my team has put together a Dropbox
folder full of pictures for me to smash
or pass now here's the thing these are
fictional characters I'm supposed to
smash her pass why because my team is
full of sick freaks nonetheless not very
excite you so welcome to smash or paya
fictional edition I'm really struggling
to talk today my song to make an hour
long runs like but Barbie rig Barbie big
honestly the whole thing up first Doug
okay if you're like old enough to know
this kudos to you comment below
doug is a fictional nerd awkward guy so
obviously on the smash neck mi I feel so
like wrong for smashing a card you know
what I must mention them Doug against
man Beauty and the Beast the Beast okay
I don't care who judges me the Beast is
100% gets mad I've said this time and
time again a live-action Beauty and the
Beast the Beast
was hella hot like hella hot smash for
sho Jess from new girl Nick he just
seems like a little high mate no but
Schmidt is high maintenance I'm a so
passed Schmidt you see even though he's
Jaime's I wanna smash he's just like me
look at that jawline he's hella cute
Winston Winston go to Spanish Simpsons
Homer okay Homer I'm tempted to say
smash but he's homers last neck Flanders
you know what I would smash no hard pass
but one today someone who just loved
alcohol I just date up in Wi Game of
Thrones Jamie Lannister okay you know
what conflicted peeling if we stalk a
season one two like five then pass but
you know what in the last season I was
like my hero i'ma say smash it does have
a wonder hand though is that like too
deep too deep
we're not going there Jon Snow's me
I don't care if you know nothing okay
I'm sure you know something you freaking
pack passel guard a more passive apiece
please freaking hot with you and
freaking pass and passively play
basketball dog pass like a friggin
driving by you dog pass called Robo the
other day I think I've told the story a
million times but he is a beautiful
human being even like out of character
called your smash mash mash mash mash
Sansa mother of dragons
all my gods Jane the Virgin Rafael you
see now I have a hard time
differentiating Rafael from Justin who
is my friend Rafael the character Dustin
if you're watching this come on
gem but he's my friend in real life so
take throw the grizzled Michael on the
other hand you see I'm tempted to say
pass just because like what him and Jane
have is so special and I don't want to
get I'm not a homewrecker I don't want
to get in the way of that Thor oh gosh I
just watched thor ragnarok just the
other day and I was like Hulk I'm kind
of noted to get my body crushed some
apparent Bojack horseman ha I feel like
he has a lot of issues on a lot of
baggage of a lot of like I feel like
he'll talk about his mother midway
through like it's weird mr. peanut
butter though the dog smash smash
because I think he just treat me right
he's just really caring you know what I
mean woody now see this is a doll so but
woody I mean there has to be a sex joke
in there somewhere
I'm buzz buzz is kind of a G I might
have to smash buzz is that weird
I might have to smash the toy buzz toy
buzz might get smashed
Jonathan Byers yeah you know weird for
me on my past
Steve Harrington again blues toggle
season 1 I'd be like ox kuzmenok a
season 2 Simba no Simba is a child I
cannot lumière the candlestick from
Beauty and the Beast
hey I mean now the shape
strap nope we don't want to get this
age-restricted white Power Ranger on
apps freaking lutely the original white
power ranger which then which was first
actually the Green Power Ranger then
turned into a if you know what I'm
talking about you know absolutely
smashed blue and red white Ranger Mario
do I wanna smash your pass Mario I'm my
childhood Luigi same thing Yoshi would
definitely spend what it oh let me think
about this and what me an experience you
know I would be it would be a story to
tell so fast guests on Oh scar
interesting because you know scar is
evil but scars kind of hot it's kind of
like I take what I want
you know I kind of like his his
ambitions in that regard but he did kill
fossa do I care about Melissa it's
questionable on this side depends on the
drunk I am scar okay maybe odds be ever
in your favor
it's this overall Tarzan star boo-boos
and that's all for today thank you for
watching me very strangely smash or pass
fictional characters like an absolute
freak many things are wrong with me
today when you're watching this yo we're
doing an epic video shoot follow along
if you haven't gotten your girl ever
freakin necklace yet great make sure you
do that make sure you check out the
latest voting video do all the things if
you got time do things why not do the
things the things the things the things
do the
you
