today's our last day together
good morning last day for a week is the
last vlog before I leave for Kenya
tomorrow morning when you're watching
this I would have already been on a
plane on my way there I'm so excited to
turn off for a week admittedly I'm gonna
miss you but also I'm just like excited
to see the girls again sight to see the
giraffes again they have a ballpark of
misses take apart the messenger job they
have a pocket miss a pose that I see in
the mirror every day anyways
self-deprecating humor zing here's the
mission for today
mommy go get two tattoos I got to make
sure one box is cleared I got a pack for
Kenya got to make sure I work shit her
to-do list before I go to Kenya sent my
team an email by everything babies do
while I'm in Kenya outside smile that yo
it's about to be a little daylight go
get daddy I'm not all those times I'm
like all my skin's doing so well it must
be all the water I don't drink look BAM
baby that pimples pop this morning this
one karma right from going to Kenya no
no no zebras will date me god damn and
you know I like mixed-race people all
right I'm about to get two tattoos
humble one of my face right here pink
and then one just like right here down
I'm kidding one of my angle one on my
hand let's do it raise it up know how to
be about keep planning stairs
you ready for this no flinch zone
movin digital they're gonna go in the
middle DJ okay no this is for you
explain this more after the point of
this is that you do things it's
important to remember to do things in
service of others and yourself
but to always give a helping hand to a
heart me and I will talk with
yesterday's on the best things I've done
in my life are not like numbers are not
those types of milestones they're
helping people with the helping hand so
just a reminder toys be like you know
when it comes to pain like this I have
to mentally be able to take it the petty
rules make me look good oh yeah of
course pain is real there live is metal
so you just get some tips I focus on one
thing and I repeatedly tell myself that
you are about this same time so it hurts
that's okay I love these things I'm just
focusing on one thing and I also put the
purpose somewhere else like I like thank
you I like vital over just like displace
a little bit how I shoot before tonality
or so I write two scoops a day
celebratory tattoo Neal oh look at that
fine I don't know what I'm seeing you
next because I'm going to Kenya and then
I'll go back there late I don't know
what your ever going back because I'm
gonna see you all right oh no Thomas
this is not gonna be Freeman around I
probably promise promise promise you
nobody's talk about something in
relation to my birthday I know the
Streamy Awards are on my birthday that
is annoying to me I hope but I want to
say I'm nominated for four categories so
grateful I'm gonna be really blunt guys
any award that is fan voted hear me when
I say I don't care about it I don't want
to win an award as fan voted I think
that is really whack when they make
everyone's fans start like voting on it
and say don't vote for me if you're
creative here I don't care to win an
award that you wouldn't like that I'm
sorry that's what does that mean I think
it's you're letting them know not to
spend energy on something that's not
yeah I do I rather use for like rafiki's
my channel even like I don't care about
this whole fan voting award situation so
please don't waste your time on it I
don't care yeah I probably look at me
I don't doesn't mean anything to me to
win a fan voted or I don't you know what
she already wins knowing that you guys
are so willing to put in all that energy
yeah already campaign to be like this
many more days don't know I don't know
in the future any fan voted award to me
that's not a real is I want to say real
award but it's kind of a real winner for
the fan voted Awards is whatever
organization is making you go honey
home birthday card to me is a monkey
with wine and yellow bananas and it says
happy birthday just someone who was
highly evolved thanks humble I love that
guy why he came with me I'm like so
nervous got tattoos if he's not there
this night this I would think too big
too small positioning is everything with
tattoo now but really happy how they
turned out now I'm mad he won't do some
laundry to pack because Kenya's only a
few hours away and hoping the terrace at
the wrong way but there were I know you
did it because you oh please but it's
true man an award supposed to be a
recognition of like yo you did something
outstanding to deserve this not like who
can bribe
their audience to vote the most of whose
audience is willing to sit by their
computer for this many hours so it's not
a real award and I don't want to have
you guys waste your time with that and I
don't want my success to be determined
by that you've got other things going on
so you know this business
I forgot I gotta release the video to
super 60 so that's we're about to do
right now don't give me the points all
right before I cover these of advantages
boom
that's one service to others remember
helping people in a loving helping hand
is by far the best thing you can offer
the world and second boom missing the
little bit swollen because of where it
is gonna hurt a little more but it was
cool with my my shoes on and my socks
are just picked up just a little bit
this right here is a scab nor that but
this is a the staircase from how to be a
boss the meaning behind the staircase is
that as I get larger my career gonna get
bigger bigger there's always the
temptation to stop working hard it's
like oh everyone on this set has treated
me so well I'm like yeah I can do it no
keep climbing and don't ever feel
entitled you gotta take the stairs
pretty much then packing for Kenya time
is 10:30 I'm probably gonna sleep soon
we have to leave for the airport at 4:45
a.m. so my get much sleep anyways and I
wash my face unwind a little bit and
it's kicking in there I'm gonna miss you
it's gonna be a weak unnecessary week of
just like living in the moment and it'll
be great because distance brings people
closer and in a week when I see you in a
week to the mob channel or the house
will continue let's go wash my face when
violets I mean you're gonna come help me
so get this I just got a notification
saying my flight has been canceled my
first part of the flight don't freak out
hold on alright so I'm at Banda's vlog
on a cliffhanger because I'm tired I
don't have a flight right now my team is
figuring it out it's either gonna be
later tomorrow or we're gonna try to
flight Air Canada he's around the same
time clearly I don't wash up all my
makeup but yo I will see you in a week
if I make it to Kenya stay tuned to my
socials to find out cliff tiger let's
see how we did today
hey yo let's take a week off listen let
both of us take a week to just collect
ourselves and we'll see each other in a
week and when I see a week gonna make up
with your face your epic face thank you
for loving my new video it was school
should really teach you the link is in
the description I'll also be in the end
card and even though I'm going to Kenya
moving off vlogs for a week main channel
will still be popping I bank those
uploads so you know what's up until a
week from now I will miss you if you
like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe also you know I don't know if
I mentioned this at a vlog before maybe
I didn't I just forgot but the Air
Canada Centre which is like a stadium in
Toronto is being renamed to the
Scotiabank beer or Scotiabank Center or
something doesn't matter the point is
that what we call it air care anymore
and usually I'd be like ah but it's the
city but Air Canada Karma
ain't it a thing though
