to answer your question no I don't
change clothes good morning yo it's a
Saturday and I woke up in single digits
at 9:00 Who am I Who am I yeah I'm sugar
today is gonna be a productive weekend I
kind of wish I had a little bit of a
weekend where I could chill and just be
like why is that but I have a lot of
work to do before I leave on Monday
night so we gotta have a productive day
here's the missions you and while I'm
doing mom you should feel free to write
down your own mission grab use up a
pencil a pen a highlighter eyeliner
today
I now wake up and finish writing a
script I did it give me the points shoot
the video casually just get a dance
studio what about at Alex's House to
watch the fight and celebrate Lauren's
birthday of course I'm gonna go through
my emails and I'm gonna do another round
of laundry aside from all of that yo I'm
not gonna lie I mean did you really am I
tired kind of go and do nothing yes but
doesn't matter cuz sometimes you got to
dig deep and be like yo I'm gonna do
something that my tomorrow self is gonna
thank me for and so today I'm gonna do
lead your stuff but before I get to the
leisure stuff I'm gonna hustle really
hard because a work ethic is what gets
you places not hoping not dreaming are
you with me are you with me are we in
this together are you gonna keep up of
course you're gonna keep up let's do it
high five so today's video is another
school themed video and I'm gonna play a
bunch of teachers a bunch of students as
well if school were realistic right up
my alley gonna play male teacher for to
the classes female teacher for couple
classes and the students and we got
shooting the car at my enter my room and
also outside and just you she's mommy
start let's let's start let's start
let's not stop let's start basic cocky
to say that sometimes when I'm just
supposed guy I think like yo I would
date me I don't hide your wives hide
your sister's panties hi Denise's hi
everybody
you are what you drink that makes a lot
of sense I don't feel like the people
have normal homes that don't get turned
in and out of things teachers area
education students area Oh education
what the hell is is doing here privacy
of Canada Jesus yay look
every student usually have a plastic
brain on their desk how relatable don't
you get electric noses this blog has
been rated pg-13 oh we did it finish
earlier wrap three videos banked should
have been two today but I can only fit
in one because just timing just time dig
dig dig also I've kept these lights in
my room because I am a basic person and
I enjoy it I'm gonna fix all these
clothes over here now take a shower get
ready because I'm going to Alex's house
for Lauren's birthday and to watch the
fight and to see my friend
so let's go do that that one here just
like let me just ruin everything
survives and we are heading for a happy
birthday Lauren and the fight if you
don't have the fight is by the way I
don't blame you because I'm not very
savvy but it's McGregor vs. Mayweather
I'm pretty sure
shade it in to me with a hand okay so
these things are bomb
and the best things I've ever had in my
life my friend gave up those predictions
real quick summarize real quick go go
for tomorrow never sees is gonna see the
white Walker she's gonna say let's go to
war together but stab them in the back
later that's what's happening all right
the time is a 4 a.m.
watching TV literally but check out my
completed dance studio y'all go
understand guys take a moment for a
second this is like a dream come true
for me this is what I consider like
really living on my best life or like yo
dance is not my career this is an active
step towards mental health legitimately
like can we just take a moment we gotta
clean it up a little bit cuz there's no
spiders in some corners and also I
really like this locker that I board
comes to do 71 gonna bring lockers right
there regardless though how awesome is
this
okay we need to bless it one table
freestyle here we go
the realization that it's actually
really hot in the garage all these
figure out a way to make it cool down
when I dance here I'm really tired
let's go to bed I gotta say the fight I
don't know much about boxing but Conor
McGregor I gotta say for someone who's
never boxed before that men were not
fault and I appreciate that kind of
resilience that is a respectable thing
right there
had a great time seeing all the friends
Lauren was like I can't believe you came
to like this thing what I'm telling you
no i'ma try to come you know how much
try to come so it's really nice being
everyone and see Alex's new place happy
got to meet I'm for that and get this
tomorrow I can sleep in all I have to do
is record three rounds and then it's
Game of Thrones and then it's gonna be
live yeah I'm gonna wash my face head to
bed I think I did everything all my to
do is today accept that into a second
load of laundry otherwise I'm pretty
sure I did everything so we had a very
productive rainbow let's let the points
talk let's see how we did
Saturday where we hustled in some
leisure perfect balance you know I dig
that ish when you're watching us today
tis the season finale of Game of Thrones
which means that will not be on Twitter
for a certain amount of time because I
do not want to see spoilers and I will
be in mourning after the episode is done
literally I'll be wearing all black I'll
be devastated I will be crying look for
me with tissues in my face I cannot you
butt in tell them if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe I
gotta ask everyone else out there that
has fancy pillows like these pillows
right here what do you do with these
pillows when you sleep can someone tell
me all these fancy pillows let me just
throw them on the floor in the corner in
the dust and forget about them but what
what do you do it
can someone teach me how to be fancy
what the f do you do with them
