welcome back to loose applause we also
harder productivity lives here where in
the world is superwoman today a Sharjah
united arab emirates panel i'm so
excited i woke up at 6:21 a.m. like the
jet lag is real I'm so excited I'm all
ready to go got the vibes got the hair
I'm just like yo let's do this here's a
mission for today's you speak at an
all-boys school go to the desert
celebrate Diwali happy Diwali by the way
check out some cars and hope I just
don't have no cool body
let's do it so we are headed to an
all-boys school and I know all the
things I've done a super woman speaking
to an audience full of mostly men is not
one of those things so I'm kind of
nervous
guess what
I got flowers that's right lilies for
Lily
so basically from what people they're
going to be having it for now to what
happened in review and we wanted to
start talking about start with asking
you about your journey from becoming I'm
so excited never spoken in front of an
audience of just boys primarily boys
would be interesting they claim that
they know who I am
we'll see do they act in Oakland so
smart who second isn't my god
my sister I think I said
the lifespan of a YouTube channel this
is barry gone but you see to be defined
however deep and interior a full-time or
here of my home tonight for this there
are some babysit well first of all thank
you for making my channel is so good I
appreciate that
my team my YouTube Judy place I started
in 2010 and I started sketch comedy was
very popular comedy in general Davos
news on YouTube and I
years really change from comedy to
distract to play their words like
whenever it it's so much better to make
things you're passionate about and you
cannot be the number one indicator your
success it's not mentioned healthy it's
not sustainable and so my channel is one
that shows over the past eight years I
have been posting to main channel videos
and six balls and put eight years a week
that post
I hope didn't know as long as I possibly
can but I also other things that I
pursue you know I disturb my own
production of being an ambassador for
many organizations now so I create
content and eggplants still make things
I'm passionate about but I thought
they'd never be driven
exclusively you make up 100% of the
future you know they make up 20% of the
population
there should be no conversation about
you and make decisions for you that
doesn't involve you and we were to ask
how would you define success in this
audience that it's not sustainable to be
number one
forever and so often our minds
excessively don't check number one
because in any industry
for the entire duration of their Herrera
paintings Mustang to what you really
believe the message you must read and
you're helping people like me more happy
also
that's what happiness is of the baby
success
just got back that was incredible
like I don't really go to all the boys
are so respectful we talked about
feminism of it uh-huh vibe also I think
a bird committed suicide on my balcony
yeah it doesn't matter feathers it's
questionable all right we're gonna head
to the desert in a little bit like I
changed my outfit you know no swag doll
boy definitely can't be working to
somebody actually is this a live shot
where this interesting we're getting
treated in a Rolls Royce tape and things
we cannot afford thank you mob is
automatic
all right so a place called deals on
wheels and apparently I get to like
chill with some fancy cars right
also my favorite
two mothers
my phone
dis turbulence is the cheap section yeah
average
the rolls-royce I thought you were
looking for a Lamborghini that's exactly
yeah I'll take that one
can I please ask you to sign right here
there
don't buy I want this car
interior display graphics to match the
yellow of the car I just want to point
that up the most expensive car locally
this is the one I'm like scared to go so
if you look here too do not sit inside
the vehicle I'm getting what you you
have exclusive X oh I have exclusive
access you know in fasting prayers we
may have like the NAS they were
literally right here oh wait no I keep
this embarrassing we're just kidding
this car is one out of 499 in the world
and are worthy
I'm gonna take this one
that's my new part they're putting a car
outside so I'll get your future with it
put them getting it out of yours like
7.4 and so close
growing up my mom
photoshoot with this car that I made
so they kept telling me to drive one of
the cars to the desert and all the good
I was like absolutely not I didn't drive
it but I told them I'll come back
possibly in January and if there's an
open empty parking lot I'll Drive one of
these cars otherwise he'll mother-effing
no I try to sell my house java car guys
right for desert excursion y'all ready
chuckles just shutting down this all
goes like give me hummus I am shutting
down the jet lag is real what is about
to learn what doom bashing is right now
y'all excited moussaka
I just got it you like it
that wasn't so much we oh no there's
sand in my camera what else is new
please back no matter what I do the a/c
my room won't turn off it won't it's a
standoff look still blasting I don't
understand all so tired well we gotta
push through we promised we would not
let the jet lag win at a 7:00 p.m. still
very early so we're gonna freshen up and
go to one more spot that I went to drink
tour that was a vibe back years 138 huh
yeah it's such an eventful day really
jab packing as much as we can tomorrow
the last day that's it our trip was done
so we're really really trying to fit as
much as we can shoutouts to ITP live for
freedom killing the game and arranging
all this awesome stuff for us and put
their information in the description
they're really holding it down for your
girl you're showing your girl a good
time in Dubai so shout outs to them also
I had two glasses of water for breakfast
that I did not blog as for now let's do
it until tomorrow wheeze in Dubai
actually Sharjah
you
