love your soul love you oh so it is love
your son
welcome back amazing possibly also
harder product if you lived here you
might be like what the f is this The
Addams Family especially was pretty sure
but I actually just got my hair and
makeup done because I have an event I'm
heading to and it makes sense with the
outfit I'm wearing so standby here soon
I speak at the social good summit on
behalf of UNICEF then I'm going to a
play then I'm going to another clay and
honestly I believe right back cuz your
girl is tired all that want is were
surprised that Emily with that man I
said all that more I just you know I
just say to thank this lips just really
dark himself it lets change like chewing
the buds vibes I'm wearing spank that
goes from here to literally like gotta
say I'm cold
first of all okay I've been told them
what we're seeing later on today you
have the best day of Tyler's life truly
so basically I'm not invited by mu it's
a foundation run by her name's not J is
it pay K hey Kate
downing John sounds out she she wrote
that um Mary shot Lumos invited me on
Twitter to see the play and he literally
said I won't pay you to take didn't make
him pay I should I just did my briefing
I were about to do this summit it's
super cool super good vibes also with a
lot of important people here I'm like
yes how the hell did I get invited and
then we're going to the so the venue in
right now is called 92nd why and what is
the significance of his where we started
boss how do your boss world tour started
here in this venue we're all distressed
what we're like it's gonna be so easy
this can be a walk in the park before
you know chat anxiety wake up every
single day it goes in this venue so good
sounds good memory teams of three or
guys views
think about the Internet is that kids
are on it all those kids watched you two
guys deserving Internet why is there
such a disconnected information violence
from teachers is corporal punishment
their sexual harassment there is being
discriminated makes us a caste you're
from there's just so many issues that
students busy school that don't allow
them to get the proper education
educators who are students paralyzed by
husband if you want to change a minute
change it that was lovely also sixty
percent the time like this sofas so
large house it had great posture she's
sure that oh squeeze a much the world I
loved the moderator and I loved ya
thought they're both so so great I'm
obsessed with her she's so intelligent
so smart has so many ideas we wrapped up
the briefer tomorrow so tomorrow you
know I'm speaking at the United Nations
General Assembly the UN Jarno who yeah
not convinced that I awesome you can
watch as me stream live at 12 p.m. est
calm / United Nations we want all young
people to get involved up it is for you
can be a bunch of like older
sophisticated boy you'll see people
there but this is more than youth and we
want you to be there I want your voice I
want team super to represent on this
live stream and on Twitter so 12 p.m.
est be on line everything will be in
description
hashtag youth 2030 and Jen unlimited
those the hashtags I want to see y'all
representing hard
so we're here at the theater let me show
you all of Kyle's money's gonna go
ready are you gonna buy merch yes of
course like I don't know a home it's
lighting this time I'm not sure Google
Goomba I obviously can't vlog the show
but I will give you a full review
because I love musicals in place so so
so much and I'm sure pylos level of jets
wall so we can indicator palace run the
script for this play he actually read
the script this play when I was writing
my book in Kenya that's how I remember
that what the trash are you doing over
there is a greeting stage directions
like then after exits left part one was
lit part 11 so far my review is that the
magic tricks in our dope even it's like
a dance I'm watching I'm like I know how
they did that do the other things I'm
like hard a little long but I still
think it's very enjoyable
this man development meter slowly I know
go to the doctor Lily you just will go
back to the hotel so I can change
something we're comfortable also because
it's the General Assembly tomorrow so
new the streets are closed because
there's so many presidents the city
including your president
also I forget to mention this JK Rowling
was her and she smoked and I was a queen
queen queen she's such gold I want to be
her so intelligent so just an absolute
queen she was literally stopped when you
go to the doctor I know she did change
my feet are still really swollen let's
go watch part two all right no I just
met Toronto royalty royalty you know
these people are phenomenal human beings
definitely co-signed by me the links
will be in the description makes you
check it out all well dressed nothing
else follow them because all right now
we just finish watching 20 hours I did
cry okay
he's our basic hope I thought it was
great it was really cool there's a lot
of special effects and productions
really super into it very enjoyable time
thank you Lumos are having us I learned
a lot of things from them that I did not
know so they were so simply was trying
to end the practice of having orphanages
because a lot of orphanages I put quotes
intentionally or not what you think they
are they're actually like businesses and
it almost like my mind was blown but
with the truth behind orphanages 80% of
kids that inhabit orphanages are
actually not that have one living parent
myself because I'm like poverty and like
being sold because just like insane so
check out there were up with the link at
the description shops then I learned so
much I want to be JK Rowling like she's
goals it's such a good time it's Cairo
let me also love you also though it is
love your son two things number one I'm
not wearing pants number two I'm kind of
like nervous for tomorrow dude it's like
you I'm General Assembly and like the
Secretary General is going to be there
and like other people like President of
Rwanda world bank group president BTS is
gonna be there
not no we're ready so I'm hoping I can
say what's up to the boy Larry tweeted
saying yo how do you say I love your
music in Korean we don't see if that
works but it looks such a big deal and
for some so there's no I'm joking
second of all I'm so honored to be
involved in every time in these
scenarios I always think like who thinks
I'm cool enough to do this and whoever
you are like thank you all so we need to
take this makeup off it's not a bad but
I'm so pumped reminder to watch live and
join the conversation if you want me to
keep being able to do these amazing
things you gotta join the conversation
so I know that must quad my team they
represent 10 also come to the hotel for
a second they gave me a lot of like
workout gear there's like a little
something-something right there is a
little medicine ball right there it
supposed to be like a workout like even
says right here like warm-up workout
like a workout does wonders is this your
first date have we not met yo yo check
this out I just discovered my hotel room
as a whole mother from vibe oh damn
sutton's instance hi y'all I'm at week
what I gotta say for tomorrow the
lighting in this bathroom though I'm not
mad at you how much to make what I gotta
say and then go to bed tomorrow we got a
jam-packed mother-effing days one of
those days I'm just like I don't know
how everything's gonna happen but I know
it's gonna happen so join me laughing
that journey I drink zero water today
shut up okay let's see how we did
otherwise stay tuned for the biggest
hustle that ever did live
you
