last box head this pinata and it says
smash me and smash I will welcome thugs
we also heard a Productivity lives here
I literally have I need to tell you how
many meetings right now a million here
today Scarborough is gonna get groomed
then I have one two three four five five
meeting Lord Ram 1 Record Man 2 pack I'm
gonna try to get that all done let's do
it today it's kind of a vibe check out
my outfit it's kind of cute like I got
this like white shirt keeping it simple
ventricle these new shoes at home naked
wolf they're like ah extreme platform
it's kind of IV oh I've already finished
so hard to vlog on days like this is I'm
like back to back to back and literally
me stopping at the side of the road
right now it's probably gonna make me
late for my next meeting but
everything's going great jam-packed
mother-effing dispersal good keep going
just finished at the Warner Brothers lot
one of my meetings about canceled today
so my day is slightly shorter also
Brogan's takes cover to get groom so I
haven't seen him in a music video baby
boy I get him cuz it's hot and then be
whenever we go home I don't see na
nanana gun grandmother gum when was in
godmother what the hell grandmother and
grandfather trim up you know back home
yeah I just have the world's most basic
photo shoot on my new iphone I haven't
completely switched over my phone but I
use it for pictures the SX max yo DS
pick okay straight up I don't even think
like apples ping me I swear to god
they're not this camera is in save the
backlight thing is completely some quick
montage of pictures we go
I think somebody just got home skaara
coming oh my goodness look at you what a
handsome boy oh my god oh my goodness
good shake my goodness look who is just
the most handsome boy in the whole wide
world you wearing a green bandana oh my
god when you're dead
Scarpa look what your friend Doug the
pug sent it's oh my god it's Doug the
pug shark version that's if you likes it
look at this Wow see thank you Dad
oh it's going to the bed it's gone I got
a bunch of work to still do but I did
say yesterday's vlog that I was gonna
open all a lot of things over here we
got like a lot of things to go through
this is for my PA box means you lovelies
send me stuff so let's get to open it
okay so there is a lot of stuff I don't
even know if I'm gonna be able to get
through all of it let's try I'm gonna
start with this one let's do it I know I
know the way I use the knife stresses
everybody out it's not just you it's the
Indian veil okay you don't ready kid
definitely some stuffs Karma's gonna eat
that's for sure
Monica peeler from Colorado Springs the
Wild Ones oh it's a book and it's a
shiny cover book I like that little pin
so me better news day bonus points for
the box y'all are so sweet for sending
me stuff like this is a lot of time and
effort and probably money and I'm super
flattered that you think I'm worth all
of that so thank you Cena curve is the
name we got an array of things up a her
not me so well I'm aware people say that
if you also say that Quincey Morris from
Berkley Syrian war stops car broken each
time I Scott's car estimate I see so
spoiled and he loves every single one of
them he's crying
want this mom is that for me mom except
for me it's so interesting how he knows
when a toy is for him those are just let
us stop and I wanna stop
and well you wouldn't make that sell but
what it's for him he knows this one I
know wait to it
I think it's Vivian well Vivian your box
looks like it's been through hell and
back so work or a picture you know I'm
really just hoping I get to all these
gifts and there's nothing related to
spiders or nothing related to pi√±as is
evil god please walk with me this side
of clear instructions I like that sir go
what's even good fam what's even good
and look at this first of all the
texture of my face Wow Erica grape thank
you so so so much this dope wait what
are you crazy I knew it I knew it from
Amanda some good smelling stuff
glycerine dragging back so you know I'm
really proud that this is my brand by
the way girl power soap oh damn custom
so Phil mind upon my Bevin no Jessie
from the Bronx oh thanks
Lily's team well let's see what the team
got I could be the team I'm the team and
on your right now Oh looks like ever
it's a series of adorable notebooks oh
my God look how adorable these are I'm
gonna give them so many to do this to
fill this up thanks Lily amazing custom
dope books look at this okay
oh oh hold on it is like custom-made for
me oh my goodness look at this this is
so cool how did you how did it how was
this a thing I don't even know this is
amazing thank you so much check this out
girl love original song damn it's a
wooden un leave one less song says have
you ever found yourself connected to
someone's emotional Wi-Fi without even a
password because you're already logged
into your heart these songs are for and
because of you plug in damn Game of
Thrones shirt no I love it
oh my god look at this look that is
incredible that's really oh my god oh my
god that's really good Scarpa you guys
boys I think he knows when doing thank
you for the dopes the super I mean
buddy's gonna have to wear this for me
bad well I mean my mom will this is an
eight table bag I hope I'm saying that
right it comes from Japanese culture in
a meeting painful the bag is supposed to
show you what you are obsessed with the
visual may be painful father's to look
out while being beautiful to your pins
go in the window bring your culture
they're all about them never been to
Japan really wanna go Kaylie just thank
me something Soho don't be all really
like it just waterfall about this drink
your effort water that is though Thank
You Bailey yum yummy Dallas I think is
the name Soul Surfer butcher that cute
socks you know I'm obsessed you're so
wonderful and just ran out of good socks
oh my God look at these goddamn stop
they're adorable I love this thank you
so much scarf girls having fun so I got
something and I'm not sure who it's from
but it says happy birthday Lilly love
baby always message on the back pull up
some of us baby corns decided to get
together and make a book on how happy
you make us you've inspired so many of
us throughout the years we want this
book to reflect how much you mean to us
so that you'll always have that reminder
of how much of an inspiration you are I
have to figure tips outside of your cell
phone
Oh what art thou hardcover quality ain't
no legit book oh my god it's like all of
my accomplishments you've accomplished
so much this year oh my god nice
pictures of all of you oh my god
are hard I mean wearing the merge to a
hardcover book that look my god there's
still so many more things on leaving me
oh look at this I love the tape on this
and then I love even more than it said
you'll probably need scissors or a knife
to cut the tape it's pretty sick Oh even
more infected all for you geez Starr was
having fun with us way back there
skittles time do I open
I'm so confused well openness when you
open it look at the tissue paper that is
a purse oh and the gift and letter is in
that is so creative most creative
packing every star belongs editor this a
lot bigger on you know gifts for
everyone
misako this is for you Quan a I'll get
them to open it on the vlog when I'm
back in Toronto Tina this for you and
they're from Lindsay mug diamond bottom
teeth I mean I can open it on their
behalf
hope you like these hats I made you both
I thought you needed something to spice
up your spikes news wardrobe that is so
sick thank you so much nobody's on spicy
sorrow oh my god it's a Canadian bank
Jennifer Scott oh you are wearing that
what we are packing this bra get you
know a few weeks to I asked him super
Instagram to send me a single word that
describes how Lily makes you feel oh
snap it's about to be madly
yeah look at that and there's words in
there that y'all came up with from
Lindsey and team super thank you so so
much as so considering gardening sorry
for how long the segment is my vision I
just I just I'm overwhelmed we have to
go to a standing position without
getting a cramp and there was literally
no space Botstein
Masson this is so me it's a shirt that's
the to-do list and look what it says on
it
Maloney punish oh that is sick man
- Kyle broken misako to them I think
it's a sense bore gun but you know I I
actually preferred that way for God look
at this arts and crafts these stories
look at these stories anything y'all
make nothing effort thank you so much
think the name was Ronnie that gave me
this collar for Scarborough back check
this out this is beautiful
this is a really good finale last box
had this pinata and it says smash me and
smash I will I'm sorry for doing it like
this but I don't know how else to smash
without getting stuff everywhere so Dee
damn ama like this it's full of candy
uncle and USB drives best ever your but
like who made this mess oh I know how to
pin it how it's a really good pregnat
back to work I think I'm gonna have one
more P o box opening thing and then I'm
gonna shut my P o box I'm not saying
that because I don't enjoy getting
things by just part of me feels really
guilty as well because I get all these
things and I know like other people the
world could use these things and use
these resources so I'll do one more and
then I'm gonna shut it down and then we
can still talk on lines to do all those
things but I just couldn't live my life
knowing I keep getting a whole bunch of
things when I already have so much stuff
if that makes sense so I love hearing
from all of you but anything you were
gonna send me if I close my fuel box you
wanna send me something take that money
and get it for a kid or send it to a
shelter just like that we need more of
that in the world
see now Scarborough is scared to put the
ball back in the machine
he loves the machine but he's scared to
go near so I put the ball there I'm
gonna see if he approaches also you
match the machine you okay what do you
think buddy what do you think I want
that ball you want that ball go get that
ball persistent little one aren't you
come on come on you gotta touch it touch
the ball you can do it you can do it
we're gonna try a new method here Wow
nice nice so nice Wow
here it comes good boy nice so nice look
so nice nice machine oh come on buddy
damn I just fell asleep on the couch for
a little bit Oh need to write to Ranson
record no part of me wants to do this I
have no choice I got a pack like zero
percent of me wants to do this but
without a goddamn do it I don't know
food because I'm leaving tomorrow so I
couldn't go see shops I tried to make
oatmeal winning
just finish my first skit I mean rent
goddamnit rent I meant ranch wedding
ranch stop right the other one finish
writing rent to and now I got a report
first rank done and also literally this
company just sent me the shows right now
just to autumn alocs and put it on butts
rant so winning you know you know what I
just did you do you you shut up I'm
telling you my interpreting that was
interrupting me I think you're done shut
up me let me tell you my day would you
do as finish my second rant which means
I'm done for the day
except packing here's the thing though
right to pack I need to first unpack for
my last trip whoa I just got to point
out that I'm really proud of myself for
doing this to rants I really do not want
to do them but I want to be consistent
throughout my travels and throughout all
the things I got going on it's important
to me so I'm proud of myself sometimes
you start up push through it you'd be
like I really don't want to do this I'm
gonna do it anyway do you want to know
what I just did first of all most
unpacking but you wonder what I just did
right now I realized I'm not gonna be
here with these lights and all this jazz
on my birthday so I just recorded
another video for my review key lunch
September 26 don't get it twisted know
my rafiki's and go on sale proceeds are
gonna go to India Ecuador and Kenya
girls in all of those places gonna gain
access to education so if you're saving
up some coin from 26 your real one
okie-dokie by the way I had one glass of
water a meeting so give me one one
singular point lunch is almost done and
then I'm gonna finish back you know
we're done for the day we had a very
productive day let's see we did
tomorrow we're heading to Toronto that
New York then back to Toronto so I'm not
gonna be here for a long long time
you
