we also eat if you live here if you know
to this channel don't worry you didn't
get click baited I am gonna be doing
exactly the title says but every day I
make a mission for myself complete as
many things as possible because on this
channel we hustle hard worth today
here's the mission I'm gonna be unboxing
the new iPhone I gotta shoot one comedy
video shoot another comedy video then I
have a styling appointment after that I
gotta go through my inbox and I gotta
give my dog a surprise stay tuned for
all that plus more let's make it count
now to the unboxing yo what's going on
look at this professional setting I've
put together if you're new to my channel
yes this is a school desk I have one in
my house because I want to be a learning
student forever today I try something
new as I mentioned I'm going to try my
hand at unboxing now here's the tea I am
actually not that tech-savvy I don't
know much about anything
electronical to be honest with me like
45 minutes inside of this camera mic
situation we're gonna try to that yo
feel like every time I watch an unboxing
thing people know so much about what
they're talking about and I think this
will be refreshing cuz I don't know
trash I know nothing I am Jon Snow but
no this is not clickbait I am gonna be
unboxing the new iPhone XS max that
somehow I am special enough to have
which is awesome let's get to it I guess
this is where we do the unboxing this is
the box first of all it is quite big for
a bigger than some of the apartments I
slept through during university life
just say it's cool I need no Apple oils
that kills the packaging they're like
y'all feel special the packaging here
you go
oh wait oh thanks for watching no
kidding you open it up designed by Apple
in California where I currently reside
boom this little envelope with all the
things that was for real no one reads me
to do that is that pretty oh look at
that production design there it is I
actually got the gold one which I'm very
excited about because it looks fine now
right off the bat you can see that it's
a little bit bigger I think it's 6.5
inches I mean to me
all I'm six point five inch Retina
display that's what I said
so already this has prompted me to do a
PSA towards the clothing industry to say
please give women pockets that can fit
this phone or even a purse a clutch
every red carpet I've ever walked my
camera my phone basic essentials don't
fit in that crap so it's your fault fix
it this is the phone comes the phone
obviously comes with a little brick
charger thingamabob er comes with the
ear paws and it comes with the charger
this is the box it's very cool alright
let's put this away get to the good
stuff now because I'm a ground person
I've been taught to never take the
plastic off things and that's it's
crucial like I should be taking the
plastic off this probably five years
from now but in the sake of its unboxing
video I'm going to do it right now oh
this is so satisfying I think we need to
punch it on the site ready oh god yes oh
my god
I'm just gonna get like eight restricted
--'tis videos not appropriate oh yeah oh
god yeah no plastic key things off this
is the far oh my god it feels so
fabulous so the back is definitely like
glassy and reflective which is great
because you know I can like see things
and it's their LCD screen for that and
it's still cool it just feels important
I'm going to turn it on no part of me
was like did I have to charge this
beforehand or how do people do unboxing
videos do take it out charge it and then
put it back in the box we're gonna find
out Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple
Apple Apple Apple now this one has a lot
of cool features that I've already
learned about cuz I want to be a little
bit educated for this video I know it
has a lot of really great features for
taking pictures and video which is la
I'm all about I'ma be real a lot of like
the speed and other things on the phone
they're great but I
scare about the pictures I don't carry
around an SLR everywhere I go I wonder
you take dull pictures on my phone this
has a lot of cool features I'm gonna
tell you about them to the best of my
ability it also makes calls whoo
diversity languages whoo ah what do I do
I read you this hello swipe up to open
whoo all right we've swiped up I'm gonna
go through things real quick English oh
my god I do know that I look at my old
phone next to my new phone and it's
automatically setting it up continue see
this is the type of convenience I live
for because that's real buying a new
phone and set it up it's rocket science
with your new iPhone up to the camera
okay now I'm doing this whole Dooley oh
my god they're connecting they're
connecting better than I've ever
connected to another human let's be
honest if only my relationships were
like this enter passcode of other phone
setting up your new iPhone so now
already on the sides you can see this is
the iPhone 10 I have this iPhone excess
max you can see the size difference
right there it is a little bigger but
other things gonna bother me as long as
I can text with one hand and it looks
like I can paint we're back that de
pause for a long time to set up the
iPhone because it's my first day on the
planet also during this time I have read
some stuff had learned that I believe
both of the iPhone X and XS match
unlocked on flex x max are gold so I'm
not special this is just what it is here
you can see that the phone one second
here you can see this is a new phone I
can already tell her after bad the
display is dope it's kind of like
completely a full screen azomite even
the edges are kind of just like I feel
it I'm not even holding a phone I feel
like it's just a screen with no frame
it's like the weirdest thing but it's
super super cool it's a few exciting
things about this I have installed my
SIM card yet but I do know that this new
phone has the capability of using two
SIM cards now from a basic home like me
it's really exciting because that I have
my normal phone number that I give to
the real one and a burner phone number I
give to the weirdos let's actually see
if that is true I'm gonna use my songs
of stark pin here okay okay I googled it
so one is like a digital sim and one is
an actual physical symbol do have the
capability of using two different
cellular plans and phone numbers your
best
your girl will be using that thing I'm
most excited about here is this
adjustment to portrait mode is now
portrait mode you can control the depth
and if you don't know what that means
say let's do a quick selfie it's
fantastic now after I select the selfies
the backgrounds blurred right if you hit
edit it says depth you can actually
control how blurry you want the
background you best believe I'm going to
take so much advantage of isn't it oh no
this was a professional photo shoot so
that's super super cool in addition to
that apparently you know when you take
pictures and there's a little light
behind you it gets back late apparently
this camera has solved that problem
we're gonna test it right now I'm gonna
take a picture next that wouldn't over
there that's super right I'm also gonna
do it with my old foot okay now we're
comparing these two pictures here as you
can see in the one from the new phone
you can see the leaves this is still a
little bit blown out but I think I could
have tweaked it if I like tapped it with
my finger which I didn't do you can see
some leaves you can see what's going on
in the other one it's just completely
blown out and all white apparently with
a few adjustments the background does
not blow out and your pictures which is
a huge concern for me because I have to
be catching those sunny moments and I
want us to decide that in the back hello
I need them DoubleTap I don't know if
you could have done this in previous
phones I'm not sure but there's
something called Nemo G now where first
of all just side you have a turbine and
I'm very excited about it you can make
an emoji of yourself so I'm gonna create
one of my self skin color I'm gonna use
that Brown right there I should use that
one that one might be more me okay we'll
use that one go freckles that's fine
hair style I'll want some long hair
let's do that brows oh you already know
I'm gonna make my brows 10 times were
fabulous and they actually are nose and
lips now if you see mine emoji is
actually mimicking what I'm doing yeah
this is not a brand deal not hashtag add
I'm not
this is nothing I just I'm really
excited by this because I do like
technology even though I'm not super
savvy and I like things that make my
life easier as a creator these features
make my life easier so I'm freaking so
down for this and honestly I just wanted
to try an unboxing I have like thought
it was cool and I wanted to see if I
would do it well did I do well let me
know I'm excited to use this new phone
probably feel like great everybody's
random is this is my daily vlog channel
I am going to go through the rest of my
day hustling hard and showing you how a
must thing of what I'm doing
out of a main channel or make comedy
video so feel free to stay check it out
if not then carry on go forth and live
your life you're gonna get a surprise
later are you so excited are you so
excited we're about to start shooting
video on but first give me the board
alright so the first video is about
voting but it's a cute parody and so
communicating kids basically actually
I'm gonna tell you I'm not you're gonna
stay tuned it's a sick video encouraging
people to vote and as a Canadian you
know my country's lit I feel bad for
y'all
one two three oh three two that's a wrap
on Jessica whatever you guys can afford
me any longer today he has a special
surprise coming don't you bums
so hot I'm sweating and every time I fix
time wait I do like a dog
boys that good on me or college I just
I'll show you this and our ice is
basically double points water in two
forms
okay so we're all outside I'm wondering
like guys Carmel's inside by himself
he's being so independent that we look
over in Scarborough like over here the
shot we just did there's a lot of holes
okay you got look there's a little spot
big man that is so disgusting
no so this is the thing it's called
trypophobia where like small holes like
I thought looks disgusting to me okay so
you guys probably saw on today's video
there's a section where it seems like it
cuts off early oh you trying to be cocky
without even getting any Conover 6 we
got the full footage and I'm sure the
broken right now because I think it's
the greatest thing I've ever seen so yo
I just look here and see this a
bazillion PL box back it is nothing
weeks no tip it's on the cloud it's not
the clock John the second video now I
got a fitting appointment cuz I have a
UN event and also we date want oh while
my stylist is setting up stuff I
entangle these necklaces that have been
tangled forever because I want to be
productive every moment I can until I
decide to stop working look at all the
fashion the fashion so much Wow
diamonds just left this is what a copper
scarf row surprise first before I show
you let's flashback where I bought him a
gift and it does not work well let's see
there's no what's happening okay I got a
new one let's see if I can get it to
work okay if this works
put that fall in there it should launch
in a couple seconds let's see yeah if I
can't blew them right away
this is his toy I got to train him how
to put it back here so he can literally
play catch with himself stand by listen
here buddy you bring this back you get
this treat okay okay he's gonna take a
few days to learn it but he loves this
thing when a ball goes he is insane for
it check it out good job buddy
now you just have to learn how to get it
back here one day at a time yo I am
tired as hell we did so much work today
I also released a new video today if you
haven't checked earlier and his types of
fan accounts you can ask me for this for
so long so it's on my main channel check
it out after today let's do it in we got
one more day in LA before our travel
start we gonna make a count
you
