so kylief will I love it good morning
the time is wait earlier than it usually
is when I wake up it is 10:00 a.m.
Who am I oh my god I went to sleep look
just a little while ago but today is
gonna be an awesome day you're gonna
find out where I am going this place
something like I'm glad I'm close I'm
working cover type it up too much not
jogging be like that was it
that was that was it my dears that the
mission is for today's you I am going to
do my hair makeup John you know I put
things on the list of Mirth I'm done
because I feel like I have a head start
there then I'm going to someone's house
to collab with them I'll show you in a
little second then I got a rush home and
pack and then I got a head to blank
place aside from all of that it's a
travel day so a lot of the day will be
in the plane but I will try to make this
exciting as possible for you let's do
it's you know where I'm at collabing and
I'm like oh my god this is so weird
because like y'all we make fun fact that
people think we look alike when actually
we don't our faces must be like a skin
transplant exactly that's you your skin
is flawless do you with Kyle turn now a
quarter now way you literally don't have
any blemishes on your freaking makeup
I'm just trying too much to the point
that like we actually have nothing alike
we don't we have a brand we look at your
chair Mike said wait what you got one
with a in the mission you are a club and
almost
look at you when you're my age if I was
thick it was dope and we're going to do
more stuff yeah comment below if you
want to see us clap I know you ever want
to see this Kanab comment below we said
the same line in my video now but it's
okay because you can do that if you
don't they know who Lilly Singh is no I
love that girl I love that girl also I'm
so I think also I'm so tired I don't
wake up so early for this cloud because
I'm a pack and find out I want applies I
don't like this so early said oh my god
I thought it was only two but I thought
maybe there's a morning person oh my
girl no I just I just have to do this
because of my flight so Jonathan lies
every waking up early to shoot with me
I'm so tempted to take a nap but well
technically leaving in five five hours
so we'll see right I know after this is
gonna go back to margarita pizza I'm
traveling again so I taking these
nutrients into my bloodstream right now
boom hey I'm a very OCD neat Packer
everyone's always like so neat I'm gonna
guess Hiles you don't fit there's some
space there came home did my laundry's
in the dry right now finish packing
until my clean underwear come up two and
a half hours to spare Who am I woke up
do my makeup strata Club young Maya
Lilly 3.0 I just done skipped 2.0 I'm
from one put on a 3.0 as I feel I'm out
here putting work what 5 almost see you
in 10 days I miss you already
I'm gonna be really honest I kinda don't
want to leave I just wanna stay here and
watch James virgin and he cares but work
has to happen we aren't going to I think
house their whole life quality I don't
want to leave a Connor I want to stay I
know of it aren't you excited to get it
oh hello right now all the way oh hey so
I'm so proud of myself because my fish
is back on the road and I didn't get a
pizza at the airport I got a very
healthy veggie burger with water and a
banana I could have got the pizza
without cupcake
tell them talking my favorite given got
anything you wanted really gonna got
Dunkin Donuts
my god oh good we're not being eating
clean it's the best of our ability I'll
get to that Hotel on the only options
margarita pizza but for now clean come
through
all right so we're about to board our
flight - yes we are going to Prague for
the first time ever and it comes in here
for a secret project I wish I could tell
you what I can't everyone's probably for
I'm very I have they doesn't break and I
heard it's beautiful and I have no doubt
it is so I'm thrilled I'm excited can
with you to know about the project and
tell me I don't know me and but you have
me hello hello
quite a problem let me explain to you
secret projects real quick right no
creator wants to keep things as secure
when they vlog so let me just start by
saying that maybe I don't know if any
new creator has ever spoken about this I
would tell you everything legally I
can't because when you work on projects
if there's so many people and heat
approvals over things and so it's like I
can announce things about a team of
people approve anything so it was up to
me I'll tell you but I can so it's very
very exciting and very cool who knows
what you'll see in the next video as a
matter of keep something secret but
we're heading to Prague and it's gonna
be amazing I think it's gonna shoot a
music video there as well so the fog is
9 hours ahead
time scheduling get act up all over
again but it's cool I'm excited to go
I'm really sleepy right now because I'm
up so early bill Isaac lab so maybe it
was kind of not to town our flight to
London and then two hours from lessons
Oh
scratching my booth and we're in London
for a stopover a quick stopover it has a
tariff light
I slept almost the whole way why cuz I'm
a trash can that's what I'm a goddamn
trash can the issue is when we land in
Prague it's gonna be like evening as
well as fall I have a double sleep but
like you know what's wrong with that how
was your flight got long there's a lot
of turbulence
I almost got whupped on my seat Thames
traveling has taken a toll on your body
for a lifetime then everyone's going
yeah you Alec ball I hope I got an
Olympian that's given up we're in Prague
what's going on up in my hotel room and
I've decided to not show you it's a
really cool room I'm not gonna show you
it till tomorrow I'm not gonna show you
Prague until tomorrow I'll leave all
that till tomorrow because God knows
what I'm doing the secret shoot stuff
I'm gonna need things to watch a really
long log to begin with as is I'm not
gonna end on the toilet because it is so
far you'll see in tomorrow's vlog why
that is the thought that I just had
which was none of this beautiful place
wonderful hotel room wonderful people
around me and I'm just like I always say
that my success is not because of luck
and I'm very adamant on that I don't
like when people call me lucky because I
do feel like I work hard and I feel when
we see people who have opportunity we
think oh they're so lucky what it's like
no we're not that Dwayne I'm like you're
not lucky you we work really goddamn
hard but at the same time I am lucky I'm
lucky because I was born in a place that
lets me have these opportunities was
born to a family that was supportive and
I was born healthy so in that sense I am
very lucky and I feel very blessed and I
feel very I don't know just very
grateful and I think we should all take
that moment every day to think about
that like we work hard and we have our
struggles but look at the things we
consider basic we're blessed we should
be grateful why do I feel I know is
gonna be plot-twist
I meant in the vlog here thank you so
much for joining on this very very long
- it's been alluding to Dave long and
it's gonna be an exciting time there's
me some secrets but I promise it's gonna
be worth it let's see how we did today
you
toilets up with Lily we're in Prague
it's gonna be sick it's gonna be lit my
videos are done from Monday Thursday and
possibly Monday killing the mother
effing game and I'll see you tomorrow
whoo-hoo-hoo if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe sorry if I was
just super disoriented I just realized
that it's nighttime here and I'm like
wide awake now wonder why but I'm gonna
figure it out you want to watch my last
video it's right over there still
trending whether it's doing great so
many hate comments but so many positive
comments so much conversation I love it
last vlog is over there I don't know you
it's gonna be sick time so you can
follow me on my social medias if you
want to give ie
