we also harder productivity lives here
it is New York Fashion Week day week day
we did trace the day I walk in the
runway get my hair done don't get my
makeup done I think we're just putting
moisturizer on my face go to rehearsal
walk the runway do some press then I got
a meeting I'm gonna try to go to Grand
Central Station to see if my face is
still there all that more let's do it so
we got old a lip on my skin we got the
ultimate eye cream on my eyes other than
that nothing else is going on my skin
rolling into brows and mascara but my
skin will have nothing on these nothing
does make it was bad it's just not what
I feel equal is confident with and
without makeup it's like so yesterday
but I am not completely sure what the
outfit looks like is not suppose to be a
fashion show of fashion we're wearing
these like dresses it looks like a game
of Thrones just on the light hits it
becomes like translucent so I think we
actually become like a little invisible
I don't know it looks like it's what I'm
wearing it I can't see you myself but
it's gonna look kind of invisible it's
like great cuz it just looks on the
faces I'm so excited this is like so me
cuz I'm not very like fashion savvy I
can't walk in heels at the perfect first
little taste of New York Fashion Week to
be like to wear flats a bunch of face
makeup free we gonna make a statement
I'm saying I love it and I again
emphasize I love makeup I wear making a
lot of time but I do think it's like
nice to feel comfortable either way
because there are a lot of days I also
don't wear makeup as you know you watch
my vlogs and so I think it's important
for women to be like you either way I
feel confident baby's first runway Oh
baby's first round
all the other Queens in the campaign
take a moment they're all fabulous and
wonderful
and straight up I feel like no matter
how slowly tell him to walk I'm like
speeding down the ramp so it's gonna be
a struggle like down the ramp and I also
don't know what to do with my hands here
what do you guys remember Adrian and
Carolyn Karen early loves everyone
Carolyn you want to be in the vlog as I
just had joined him in the blog I just
did the first run through the dress is
pretty hard to walk in a lot like this
literally I took like too big of a step
no they're cool break let me run this
like very baby steps it will slit or
anything the technology looks super cool
I also did a hair flip I can't use my
hands I overcompensated it was like
whoosh so we're gonna tone that down
before the interviews oh yeah all right
wanting to be bound
two more to go feeling good also I
haven't eaten anything I'm so many
pounds fries
so out of three interviews done girl
we have three done let's go change
because we want a Grand Central Station
have a basic photo - you brought the
reflector on my face my critic aspects I
mean you're not wrong okay first of all
you should know that I'm obsessed with
the human being about serial sex to be
filled only you a friend open for the
day
she'll be outfit there's no team conquer
oh my god he ordered it online - I'm
upset I'm upset team super upset
like this guy being like stirring up
leaning on his own you like someone's
puking on the other side
yo straight up we are everywhere in
Grand Central Station I say thank you
slowly this is incredible I feel way
more important special I am special
so thank you for making me fish I am
special your special special it's
incredible thank you all a thing to all
of you it really surreal thing this
month oh my god oh right I put back on
this outfit because nobody sat today I
just finished my meeting it was with the
Sun who you know I love and adore and be
talking great stop Kyle was sitting
there as well just like I'm gonna go
bake order an impossible burger back to
my hotel first order of business
hi yeah connect let's order an
impossible burger no tomatoes with fries
second order of business oh oh oh God
Jesus yeah okay so here's the deal we
listen up close the case what I want you
to do for a future vlog segment this is
what I want you to listen up
I want to reveal your secrets have this
vlog right now I want you to comment
below with your secret I will read the
secrets in a future vlog I won't mention
your name I will just read this secret
now you can do this one of two ways if
you don't care you can just do from your
normal account or make a new anonymous
account and comment below with the
secret I'm telling you sometimes your
secrets can just feel better if they're
a little bit people literally you're
just here your secret on think it feel
better and it's probably really fun so
come follow this long reveal your
deepest darkest secrets can be fine it
can be serious whatever will make me cry
though I'm not trying Conville oh and
I'm gonna read them in laugh at me all
you want but I got one just had a
wonderful relaxing time let's go through
my inbox I just give it to make sure
there was no crucial timely emails then
I watched two episodes of shameless now
I'm gonna watch another one before I go
to bed after we go tomorrow at 6:30 a.m.
because I'm shooting something very
exciting tomorrow also heading back home
tomorrow I just want to take a moment
what was it thank you so much for
support I kind of said this earlier what
I want to say it again in the privacy of
my hotel room my life is like insane
like when I see things like me
Grand Central Station like getting to
walk a runway it's like I have a hard
time computing that this is my life
sometimes I can't even sometimes it just
nothing I can't even react them just
like I don't know how to take in this
information so this just must not be
happening and I'm just like it's so
surreal and I know so much of it was
because of your support so thank you so
much for always supporting me and
sharing me on any of you all watched the
stream and what the hell is this oh and
you tweeted me just being so supportive
of me walking the runway and I really
appreciate you always having my back and
always being there for me so thank you
so much team super shout out so Lane
when the dopest brands I've ever worked
with you actually treat everyone so
wonderfully my team too like everyone
I've ever seen the people interact with
that although they're just so lovely and
genuinely good people and I really am
proud to work with you so I had an
amazing time New York trip was awesome
rare words I say but tomorrow without
shoots up my head at home Shia militias
my new video love is how to lose out a
word show if you haven't seen it yet
because in description check that out as
for today let's see how we did I tell
tomorrow what I get to see my puppy
you
