I'm alive good afternoon the time is 2
p.m.
what what 2 3 1 2 1 2 12 6 2 p.m. I woke
up I like 12 I slept in actually I woke
up with a headache not because I was
hungover first of all I just not get
hungover but I realized that my pillow
sucks up my neck was killing it's so
weird because I've had this pillow
forever but today when I got home I was
like this pillow kinda sucks in Allah is
it because I've been sleeping on hotel
pillows for a month they're all like
plump and wonderful my dreams get a new
pillow
anyways clothes are short this is what
we need to do today the mission to wake
up and we to do interview oh then we
have a meeting for girl love with my
financial adviser then I have standby
hold on tell you right now what I have
then I have three Skype calls with team
super the winners of the pre-order
campaign and then I have a call
regarding my show in the Philippines
after that I have to write a bunch of
scripts cuz tomorrow the day after the
day after I have video shoots precise
and all of that I want to sit in my hot
tub today that's all we're doing a
hustle hard yes we would not make a
video gave myself my first fail today
I'm going to make up for it
are you ready it's go let's go let's go
let's go let's go yes today we gonna be
out here getting points Sun yo just had
a sick meeting with my business advisor
financial ok I love her because every
time I was meeting with her I feel it
significantly less stressed
he explains numbers and money and
assures me that I'm not gonna be a hot
oven mess and then she leaves in a
microwave what is it what did you say
they're having their people talk now I'm
gonna Skype some of you which is really
really exciting I'm gonna Skype you and
Rabab with you also because you are the
people that won the pre-order contest
for how to be a boss
she's the first winner and she is
literally a genius
she went to science camp she's gonna be
a neuroscientist and she's so smart she
used the word vendetta and I am so
impressed
you're so sweet you're in the vlog
you're amazing it's a no pleasures no
she's great isn't a pleasure speaking
with you you're so amazing
Carroll I hope I can come one day is the
food really really spicy though will I
die
did you read it yet really did you like
it yeah was there a part that was your
favorite that makes me so happy
say hi this is John Denis she's from
Kerala and she's wonderful and she's
been watching my videos for three years
and she already read my book what is
this by the way what about here it says
were you lactating because he doesn't
know menstruating and lactate or do
different things
- Mizuno my things okay so my baby
Kingsley supposed to the video says how
has he changed my life and I had no idea
was making this video he's made it on
his own and I'm about to do a live
reaction to this video what's up kumquat
its Kingsley here and today's video is
literally just gonna be me sitting and
kneeling at
the quality of this book is magic look
at that look please know all his notes
it made me literally add like intense
sessions with myself I at points felt
like she was personally attacking me I
mean that in the best way possible to
mean that I loved it I told myself like
you're not gonna read chapter without
taking something away from it every
single note is a line or paragraph were
quote that stuck out to me there were so
many times where I was reading and I
literally had to just look down and I
had to just be like wow wow
my thing was to literally vocalize the
exhausted miss but because of this book
I realized certain things are out of my
control but a lot of things are in
control
and I can sit here I could be one of the
most profound things that look with if
the option exists to promote what you
love instead of bash what you don't you
should take it
I love pop culture I really do and I'm
so like passionate I think it's love
this man when I was younger you got his
story just to be wearing free to go mess
back together and I'd be like these
stupid bitches things like that forward
you know my first relationship and we
break up we're back together like 26
times
you live and you experience things you
just realize that nobody really knows
what they're doing
used to motivate is something that
completely in your control
I don't care to people
Who I am I want you know that like I did
not tell him to make that video he made
it on his own and he has been texting me
and he's so sweet like that reaction is
exactly what I wanted my book to do so
many people think about their lives and
evaluate and grow and like that could
not have been more what I wanted to do
the best I'm a freaking text you a
freaking love paragraph right now I love
it wasn't awesome it was amazing
he's above he is literally the basil my
favorite people I've ever met in my life
he is such a good friend he's so genuine
and that right there's not nothing
because he like plugged my book but he
just like cares to make the effort to
let people know that he's there and he
cares a lot of them and he values them
and he always does that he always has
some time time being like checking on
you how are you saw your tweet are you
okay he's just phenomenal I'm in love
with him I'm like a ride-or-die for
Kingsley for the rest of my life I love
him so much I will do anything for that
man anything please be straight and
marry me
and congrats on your courage yeah yeah
that takes a lot to be yes thank you I
don't even address that the fact that
he's like yeah I was so stuck being
someone else now I'm gonna change oh
that's amazing that's a tough especially
the YouTube game it gets tough concerned
about views and how you have to say
things and do things and to do that is
like I'm very very honored that I had
anything to do with that decision so
Kingsley or the mother from best I
friggin love you everyone go subscribe
to channel right now go subscribe to his
channel right now the link will be in
the description over the top line of my
goddamn description go subscribe to his
channel cuz he friggin deserves it also
speak of amazing people look at the air
it's airing I know what you're thinking
why the hell is Aaron here Aaron doesn't
even talk to me you know why cuz Aaron
talks to humble humble is my favorite
but I love you too but humbles my
yes you should subscribe yes no I love
Aaron and I'm okay that should have a
love affair going on and humble it's
fine
you're my second favorite that's not
true because Alex and Lauren are they
third and fourth you're like six oh he
crushed you when you hugs you I'm so
delicate you maybe you should really
wait I'll give you hugs all the time
seems you hugging my way to number one
never happened before what kind I would
imagine ping-pong cuz he thinks he can
and I quote Whoopi we gonna see right
now was crackin so I've had two meetings
today and at interview I have four more
interviews I got to write mad scripts
and I got a lot get a lot of work done I
just want to take a second to say it
feels so nice to be home I'm so happy
I'm also happy to start traveling again
but I'm so glad that the tour schedule
allowed me to come back home for just a
few days it's forgetting spectacular and
I feel grateful we're going to wait
twenty minutes into my interview star
I'm gonna wait till after the interviews
again to work mode
we'll be going at the hustle continue
become my dad man get it no day today is
Friday Friday is for Auslan also
shoutouts to my sick sister Lauren for
sending me she has a collaboration with
pop sockets into this 231 oh and this
one I first when I first saw these I'm
like what are they wouldn't use them for
and then during being rich when y'all
have them on your phone I use it I'm
like this is the most useful thing ever
my goddamn phone went out thanks Lauren
finished all three of my interviews
Kenan Duff game not I've just got here
I'm alive that is a lot also Pablo's in
town he's gonna come by using hot
submission a lot of work on Saturday
night okay
you got a lot of work to look at this
some work I really I didn't work
things are in the back not Assizes rest
of the family Wow
nutrients also hey first order of
business I clean the fridge just now and
now we're gonna go grocery shopping you
get some foods because I have no food
I'm so excited to drive my car right now
so excited let's go to do cars right now
okay I need some friends hey I need my
friends hi I need some more diversity on
Group B hello races yeah we don't have
any diversity we all have any minorities
you ready yet
there we go a minority price to divide
into two groups me nada and humble and
Pueblo and I purposely put bananas on my
list so I could get some bananas that
are kind of good because huh move you
like yo I found in bananas humble I
found your bananas your humble your
bananas are right here at home oh did
you at the bananas
Oh No
they come to mama come to mama
open DJ Rob do you rob I went through
most of my emails on watch out that my
phone died I'm gonna go through the rest
we go inside I got work done in nah we
already we chillin it's cold right the
worst part is getting on the hot tub wow
that was really like a privileged
statement today that was a really bad so
I'm gonna take that back we're blast
blast stop no stress up rich Evans 3:20
a.m. and I don't feel like this late at
all I'm like what the hell a tarnish I
shouldn't be jet-lagged cuz came from
Vancouver in the same time zone but I
would do some email so yes good the time
is 4:18 and I just killed it I killed it
I'll do all my emails applied to some
thorough emails kill the mother F in
game reviewed mad ish let's see how we
do
by myself and inna cuz I went to more
Braves looking fresh I think we were
really really accomplished a lot today I
got a good amount of like leisure self
time and work some time tomorrow I'm
writing all day writing scripts doing
more work the hustle is going to
continue is 4:18 so I'm gonna sleep in
just a little bit as well I did talk
tomorrow
who pooped if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe also no major
announcement Trinidad has officially
moved the information is in the
description June 30th appreciate double
check description I'm pretty sure June
30th is whether it is I was two shows on
one day now
Trinidad all the information in
description check it out I don't want
you to f up starting for exams and do
that and then come to my show
bye
