good morning look at me I'm so awake I
got seven hours of sleep I'm feeling
myself you touched me because I kept it
for self-healing myself Bora Baumann all
day I loved it ready back to LA I'm so
excited not to mention KITT I just don't
do my entire in Boston let's play with
the mission is today first of all give
this guy a high five
accomplished we're flying back to LA I
need to first and foremost talk about my
hot tub probably so scared and alone and
shivering on my roof probably thought I
forgot all about let's all be wild
creatures in it right then go check out
the hot tub we are going to take a
shower I have a contributor day on the
phone and I have my la show after my all
a show which end so late I have my
styling for some more media then I have
to repack myself I would say hello
are you recording myself don't mind me I
would say I have to go through my emails
but I just showed you my entire inbox
moving I'm very excited and right now
I'm so awake I have no shame I'm sitting
right here
okay BRB Mike wale I'm gonna see humble
annatto momentarily and a few hours as
well I'm feeling myself the sun is
shining
let's go back to LA
walking through the airport casually and
I see this one are you stalking me how
was Amsterdam was rough my flight was
canceled you know very good now you're
back with the hot tub and update it's a
swamp town it is green tonight or
tomorrow one time before I leave I need
to step in that hot tub I got this for
you
you got me this what is this the world's
smallest toothbrush thank you thank you
another thank you you're doing great
you're doing great
you're killing the game good oh my god
those flowers still outside now it's
gonna be all the things I forgot to do
before I left oh that's rough that's
disgusting and rough and now we're
missing the hose the hose so I just got
with a new challenge humble is everybody
done this twice I've nailed it twice
he's opening the book two random pages
picking a sentence and telling you the
sentence and I'm going to tell him based
on just one sentence which chapters from
YouTube gives me something special and
that is a following you're an architect
like there's no way give me one sentence
from anything that's like which chapters
from Google
this isn't that like ink poisoning or
something wait wait wait wait wait be
the dumbest people quote my book I never
realize this for my boy my sentence I'm
four for four right up or no okay it
can't be that got two words that well we
should try now on your four fours so
don't assume everyone cares about what
you care about I want to say it's
understand priorities food
yeah
man me alright every word of this book I
know what's up alright new another ones
are fun you're fine now
what you got boo it's all about choosing
your battles and fighting those battles
with tact it's all about choosing your
battles and fighting those battles motek
oh wait hold on your battle sure to stop
at five okay that's the answer
now what's the answer do you guys not
just saying that cuz I start vlogging
right now you but good question I miss
my room I miss you guys I'm sad to be
leaving into my room excited as well but
my room I miss my room but take a shower
in my shower
ah so excited good friends help team
outfits because I'm trying to shoot a
video before I leave there's no time
that I'm gonna do an honest Q&A a second
one thank you so much not okay this
record this video which I get done which
I get done here we go literally do my
makeup in four seconds it's so uneven
we're headed to the show not has just
been a struggle for the past two minutes
for various reasons my third double your
second time true
so this is the line but the windows are
tinted so none of them can see I've done
this at every show I just drive by them
like yo what's good fam look he's trying
to see you and you got away evening with
ami was spelt wrong for a second I was
going to jump off this car see at least
four unicorn horns that's pretty good
you Alisha is always fun cuz there's mad
friends fact industry people a gwaan is
the vibes my floral floral vibes do
great this part of my hair you like it
like it I can lose the expression no I
stayed in front leg when I see the best
two pencils of Toronto in a way see if
this is gonna be as good as Seattle the
Seattle with Heights ya know was high
all right channel turn the started what
about to do this thing and what keeps
complimenting my outfit and I'm like hey
it's gonna be gonna be a good time like
I said I'll through the LA audiences
hype hopefully their hype naughty
something good and hi humble you're
gonna help on me happily there's some
random strange also broke into my thing
I'm not gonna show you him cuz he's
scary and he's large he's the John Cena
of YouTube you can't see him no matter
how hard you try you can't see em let's
show you were no okay look who it is
he's actually the only one of my friends
I came I'm just here to show love yes a
lot of people at all I was like trying
to keep it small because with theaters
kind of small but he came I'm here to
learn I'm here to grow I'm here to like
get inspired no pressure on me okay we
got blood bro bro bro
alright la it is time for you be the
male audience so number 12 we'll figure
it out but this gonna be sick
oh my god I had to say la you just took
the prize for best audience of this tour
so far were there not amazing they were
so amazed so much fun oh la I am really
lit right now I'm gonna eat this granola
bar and they're gonna do some golden
ticket stuff and the golden ticket
winners in LA
Oh 50 people I am so tired and my back
is bohrok but I don't have to ship in
here this is uh foam because I'm already
home so we're gonna take it home head
home and have some food waiting for me
my necklace has been tangled a Whole
meeting green every picture I'm like
let's go home it's even worse guys
coming someone help me this is the last
show with Emily and Cindy say bye thank
you so much alright you can drive as we
go on we remember all the times we had
together and gays are not chained to
whatever you will still be friends
forever so I just came home and I'm so
tired I want to puke and then this woman
is here to do a fitting with me and I'm
like why can't you be less alive I was a
human and not sure thank you Sarah
I am so tired all this before but I'm so
goddamn I realize I'm also on est now
i'm PST so my three hours later than
what I am right now I am going to end
this vlog very soon and I'm going to go
to sleep before I do that exciting news
for you since Melbourne sold out on
Australia I have now released a second
Melbourne show so a lot of people
treated me saying Melbourne was sold out
there's another show now you can buy
tickets for so they seem book.com slash
tours where you can go India its tickets
you can't you sold out you good nigga
chicka everybody else Trinidad goodbye
all you place is Hong Kong you sold out
everywhere else tickets gonna be a late
time maybe I licked time nah
did you miss me just that much little
bit this month that's the size of you
like a t-rex have you seen that I mean
yeah yeah a t-shirt I love you this much
using my I losing my mind ill I just
released a video on my channel called
the most honest Q&A ever part 2 wanna
check it out go for it if not that's
cool to look at my eyebrows they're so
weird right now
oh my god I'm all how are you
would you like to tell everyone the
traumatic news about your phone you
can't hear you using a phone yes looks
like to everyone how your phone broke
still debatable you there was a freak
accident
shut up the story they're gonna shoot a
video don't have their phone in your
pocket how about it's okay you're still
handsome let's see how I did today
I am going crazy I'm turning into a
crazy person but yo I have myself so
many bonus opposed to that made really
I'm very part of myself I was very
honest in the video and so I hope you
enjoy I'm gonna go to bed now tomorrow
I'm flying to the UK but that's in the
evenings I have a full day to repack my
clothes and I don't know what the hell
I'm gonna wear for these shows and stuff
I've got my hair braided etc etc but yo
India you're the first place on tour
there's not sold out yet in terms of my
chronological order so you get on your
ish right now okay
this is in book.com slash tour India
I'll begin to beat that ish you need to
get done I done he loves hugs and kisses
until tomorrow if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe if you like it
also India I'm just joking I don't want
to papers you need to do anything you
don't want to do okay only if you want
to buy tickets and you buy tickets and
everywhere else in the world you don't
have to buy tickets unless you want to
don't just listen to me because I'm
telling you because you want to do it I
don't want to pressure you and I don't
want to believe I just wanted I just
want you to be happy I want I'm gonna go
to sleep now okay go back
