when no amount of sleep is enough good
morning
diamonds 10:15 a.m. I'm still so tired I
got like eight hours of sleep I'm still
X not enough anymore anymore but here's
what we gotta do today today's mission
is kind of Awesome actually first
Angie's coming over to braid my hair
because I was like girl you know how to
braid hair I might as well be blessed
enough for Andrew babe right here
instead of some stranger because she
supports me so much might as well spend
time with her I enjoy that after that
I'm gonna see if I could take a nap I'm
not gonna lie I do have record around
today I did not do that yesterday I know
I keep saying things are not doing them
I need to work on that going to
Wrestlemania I went to give a book to
Stephanie and a bunch of other wrestlers
I'm gonna enjoy the app part of myself
my one day off we got to make it count
aside from that when I come back we
gotta build a box no questions asked
first I need some chapstick also we're
not mine waking up to this every day -
the scaffolding that's happening right
here but other than that beautiful god
damn beautiful you know we're like
friends I was excited she leave me a
braid up and already told her was janky
it's okay we're gonna be on somebody's
janky I just want to spend time with her
as well and she told me something
amazing go come lay down let's come
cuddle with me she told me something
amazing she said that she talked to team
super someone team super murmurs every
day they FaceTime they're like friends I
don't know how she didn't know its new
like best friends but they've never met
I know it's crazy
Machado mother Karen chin super Miami
flora my littlest thing we're not team
super Russia everybody else so what
we're gonna try now is care who now I
know is her name I'm gonna FaceTime her
and see you guys I love have support of
y'all her I love it so much is she gonna
freak out okay hi baby how are you what
is this you're gonna steal it it's
gorgeous
don't diagnose oh that don't that know
that are you in bed I'm sorry I woke you
up
I'm talking to a ceiling I love this
breakfast has arrived I'm gonna
breakfast with Andrea I'm gonna steal
your pancakes I'm gonna steal your
pancakes Michelle's mom yeah I just was
gonna bring their loved ones to braid
their hair who may or may not be serial
killers we're gonna take the risk to
give me a braid up papi styles oh my
goodness me I'm a hire you pop you hear
that Angie's coming for you forget about
me and Andrew meeting because right now
lollies are meeting writer loudly and
Angie ship this right here and Raleigh
whoa that was like my favorite thing
ever and you killed it she killed the
bear she did for going into - I know
she's so nervous but she did such a good
job that was so pleasant for me because
I want to get my hair braided and I was
like lo let me just ask Angie because of
course I could have on someone else to
braid my hair like a hair establish
something where like yo I want to spend
time with the people that support me and
she's been supporting her for years
she's watching my videos for years Mike
I'm gonna spend two hours of someone let
it be someone like that and she's lovely
and wonderful and hilarious and
beautiful and that was so I feel like
I'm rejuvenated for us the tour they
stopped spending time with her so that
was great I'm into my hair makeup not
not my hair just my makeup now cuz we're
gonna head to Wrestlemania soon yo yo
you're in a Cell right now for some we
need yo yo girl ha all right I'm ready
to go max wearing the shirt Angie got me
feminist am I gonna be sick you know
Wrestlemania mostly male audience kind
of conservative most like you'll stuff
in the place that yo but there's a F
this the vibes
it's what I'm going for its kind of cash
I don't really have that many casual
clothes with me because I mostly have
all blades and stuff for my boss store
buy got this my pants are super funky
that was like drop crotch I don't you
can see it's like this flappy thing and
then I got my team's so mr. Bob most up
into place like y'all WrestleMania
what's good where we going
dude you know say I go to Wrestlemania
this like top of the fourth fifth
Russell we have gone to my life and I'm
very grateful and blessed to say that
master I flew to Wrestlemania
is here I'm your compliments of the dojo
Viegas go backstage you need to
understand for 10 year-old Billy what a
big deal this is this is like I went to
Wrestlemania back in the day when it was
the rock versus Hogan like I am dying
I'm trying to play it cool but straight
up this means a lot to me that the W is
that come to Wrestlemania sit front row
chill with us be our guest I'm dead like
I did when you didn't know the stadium
was outside and you wore sweater and
it's 1 million degrees boob startup just
walking backstage amongst all of the
wrestlers all of the WNBA superstars are
just the right and left of me right now
what are you doing Lily I've already
memory clarity you just casually all
around
and now some cake when you on that tour
diet life mama made it what's up how
much less a high just steps and give her
a copy of high reveal South which is
being lost my baby's here my baby way
back you know we back in action out here
is the moaning young in this conference
right
right
a star
not one but two boxes three boxes
graduating boss right there the
ten-year-old who is on the floor
collapse this is an hologram of me now
that is here but they're gonna rock it
I'm so excited let's do my life because
I'm gonna freak out later but now we're
not cool wait out like out of all these
I don't have any makeup on it's not fair
to I'm just really hot here my hair you
look great maybe not my real hair though
either I'm all red and I'm late no no I
got you look great you look great
my baby my boobs always I'm going to
change my shirt but when she comes out
and lose my mind right I cannot wait
I'll be right there front and center
cheering Wow losing my mind for you girl
man she looks actual goalie Hey okay go
hey you know that that subtle promo okay
you
but in the ring with three other girls
tonight we're gonna love rooting for you
when I was younger every wrestler I
waited hours and hours and hours to me I
have bumped into and spoken to and
living my best goddamn life right now I
have so much to tell you but I'm trying
to act cool right now so I'm like eh
yeah belong one full week Rob this is so
important and special to me I am dying
kill me kill me now kill me now my
sister some another mr. Lapierre I'm
overjoyed to my hair right now what is
it wow that's a lot of people
WWE you holy crap I'm gonna fry on the
front ok cool pickle
I just met two cuties with today yeah
officially in the club Judy's people
have asked me right here my sweater is
the topic of conversation mad rustles be
like family friends my god course what
that was everyone she gave out there's
no one should get offended by the sure
no one has but it wasn't that you
believe in equality
so the chef everybody um uh say ever
look where we're sitting actually in our
city
this
I told you it'd be a time where dancer
yes fun - yes
where you have right now what you're
carrying right here fun fact I have so
many things to tell you and so many
emotions running through my body right
now but I can't do any of them gonna
build a box but I'm so damn tired we're
gonna build a box most because we have
no choice when you leave we're not
blessed life cuz you just build this box
right here and you just build another
one over there when you blessed I went
to a technician and a mechanic and a
contractor all in one yes we combined
from three boxes to two and they're both
significantly smaller than these things
yeah okay so now that that's done let me
just talk about and tell you and express
to you how WrestleMania made me feel it
was very good
first of all Stephanie McMahon I adore
her she's such a boss and I met so many
new wrestlers and I also just like as a
kid who was obsessed with this sitting
front row next like Jimmy Fallon's think
I'm kidding me right now
and he treated me so well the WAV was so
hospitable it was amazing The
Undertaker's last match I got to witness
and real life as well which is so cool
and it was like so many even up in you a
wrestler
came up to me they're like hey big fan
big fan I was like you're a fan of me I
got on-screen shout out like it was
literally a dream come true where the
best days of my life I'm so happy oh
it's so wonderful I can't believe that
happened
I can't believe really happened it's a
happy
but now we need to sleep let's go to the
toilet let's see how we did today
sorry into my rent thank you for joining
me on today I am flying to Austin in a
few hours after wakeful in five hours
I'm gonna do that as much sleep as I can
and the day office over in tour
continues and boss bookshelf carry-on
tossed around
cuckoo if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe your if you were gonna
airline you see me be nice and just let
the slide is a piece of luggage
yeah meand I just let it slide it's not
that big it's like wife you say you
crave a second you can't just judge a
suitcase by its size suitcases coming
all shapes and sizes
feels like except our suitcases the way
they are so you all let let us that
don't charge me extra ky
