Walter White jr. is probably like a
spoiled brat that's like Richie Rich I'm
rich I take uber luxe then he's probably
like that's a form of effort just
Pinkman or Jesse is like probably a
lawyer like that's trying to get in this
situation like oh when you get these
monies from are you doing this fine
morning afternoon evening wherever you
are I hope you are smooth yo y'all need
to catch up with me today because I've
already done mad ish today I've already
had one meeting and two calls the rest
the day your submissions you don't
forget if you want to follow along it's
really simple no pet and a pencil make
it to-do list and let's kill it today
here's what I got a deuce to write
spiced news record spiced music release
my video write script 1 write script to
memorize my Edition for tomorrow go to
my Inbox
yo I am so ready let's do it know what
today the two head but kind of day
already 40 years from now and be singing
a doctor's office when a team like your
neck is pretty active have you been
doing excessive amounts of head-butting
and I'm gonna be like no I know my sweet
boy hey know my sweet boy you are so
sweet
mommy I want baby bubs please so
releasing today's video it is called
well I was gonna call it what guys
tattoos me but we just had a whole
conversation on our team like text
thread Taylor's like this is a skit in
itself and he's alright I was like what
a guy's tattoo means guys it's plural so
posture nice view after the eyes we make
it singular what do you mean like what a
guy's tattoo mean know what a guy what a
guy's tattoo mean so not what guys
tattoos means it's like it's been like
five minutes of us figures know what the
English way of saying this is what we
decided on what a guy's tattoo means
that is the video and it is going live
now hello yeah can you teach us English
ok so pro tip here is how I break down
my day I do the mission with y'all in
the beginning but then I also make a
time to-do list so right now when I got
is 5 to 6 right spice news 6 to 7 third
shoots best news 8 to 10 scripts 10 to
12 audition any time unaccounted for is
going to be break slash eating or
memorizing my audition before that time
so I'll just like and get it in my brain
that's the goal I have until sick
right splice news is 541 and I'm pretty
much done so that's 20 minutes where I
get to scratch my butt in the lucky
charm well one day one day when I can
afford it and I can actually do it I'm
gonna have a studio I'm gonna have a
studio where I could shoot my video or I
can shoot spice news and then I won't
have to do this I don't mind I'm kidding
I totally mind I'm just trying to sound
PC but like straight up having spice and
you said it from my house is so annoying
dude this camera the lights everything
is so I don't have to keep it here for
days I also in the last my snooze you
might have noticed that the audio was so
bad so to remedy that I bought a new
microphone so that should solve the
whole spice new situation but I'm done
writing on this record right now I just
spit in your face my bad news and every
clip with let's go let's do it I feel
like that's for me I'm doing that for me
type myself up you already mean those
are what honnestly app me the goddamn
mic doesn't come with the goddamn
wireless audio for spice news it has
been the been hours of troubleshooting
this I'm finally done spiced news I
think this put me behind on my schedule
I did a lot of little extra time I did a
lot of extra time so I'm not that much
behind but god damn yo yo yo y'all
something magical just happen magical I
was calculating my video releases and
all the stuff and we are so ahead in
videos that I actually don't have to
shoot tomorrow and I told the whole team
this and like making this negative
decision to not shoot tomorrow get this
because we're so ahead and we don't have
to and we will not suffer if we don't do
it so that's thing y'all say I never
give myself a break and chill out look
at this I got you twelves that right now
I focus on my audition that's me giving
myself a break to stop doing that
working to instead do this work so oh
you know check it out the time is 10
p.m. I've gone through my addition a
bazillion times I'm gonna go through the
bazillion more but here's the thing I
don't have the full script is very
common for some bigger auditions where
they don't give you the full script
they're like these are the scenes this
is the character figure it out and it's
kind of like I have to make up the story
in my mind which great segue to today's
vlog segment so as you know I try to
watch as many TV shows as I can because
the good for research a good for
creating being good for throw crass
it's ultimately good for being lazy
having said that there's a lot of TV
shows that are really popular that I
have not watched yet why because I'm
working why am I doing this so I thought
it'll be really fun for me to try to
explain TV shows that I have never
watched before I have a list of these TV
shows and I know when I tell you a lot
of these shows you can be like subscribe
I also have a character name so I'm just
gonna guess what these characters do in
this show up first his Breaking Bad I
have never seen an episode of the show I
have no idea what it's about unsub unsub
unsub characters I have your Walter
White Skyler white Walter White jr. Jess
Pinkman or suggestion them and then Hank
Schrader which i think is a cop here's
what I think
Breaking Bad is about I think that
Walter and Skyler's are obviously
married Walter White jr. is obviously
their son so that's their family I think
they're like a crooked family I think
they have some drug deals happening and
some side money being laundered into a
private islands in it and I think
they're all in it together they probably
got really rich family and Walter White
jr. is probably like a spoiled brat
that's like Richie Rich I'm a rich I
take uber luxe then he's probably like
that's a form of effort just Pinkman or
Jesse is like probably a lawyer like
that's trying to get in this situation
like oh wait you get these monies from
oh wait you got that diamond ring mom
and she's probably like a boss that
wears like power suits and like a
suitcase and a briefcase and ish hey
who's the cop I'm feeling that we think
he's good he's trying to you know get in
there and serve and protect but he's
actually cook it as well his family's
paying him as well he's making a lot of
money which is why he's a cop but he'd
be rolling up in the Maserati you just
like
exqueeze me so Jess Pinkman Saturday
he's trying to break the bad that is the
crooked of everybody else I'm pretty
sure that's a breaking bad asthma
up next is CSI never watch the show the
characters are Nick Greg al Jim and
Sarah now from my understanding this is
a detective show they're trying to solve
crime here's where I think I think Nick
is like the Alpha because when you're
like a Nick I think Nick is the name
where you like MOBA
except in the Backstreet Boys because
let's be real that was all about like AJ
and Brian but what I think Nick is
hooking up without who I believe is a
girl
Alan Nicholas hooking up and are like oh
listen we are the jay-z and Beyonce of
this squad fall in line get information
hoes dragon see you like the innocent
smart tech guy who's like listen I'm
gonna help us all solve crimes I wear
sweater vests and I played checkers gym
grass and Sarah are probably like just
like kind of like comedic relief and
maybe they got a sign thing going on as
well as a lot of side flings they solve
these crimes and Greg like busts open
his computer and he's according to my
calculations and then Nick is all look
do you even live wrong and they solve
crimes they put holes in jail there's a
Miami version CSI Miami is there like a
New York version I'm pretty sure this
like a CSI jail in there I don't see us
ice dancer cop security investigation
see us hold on no I have to Google
what does CSI stand for cop security
investigation crime scene investigation
I said exactly what I said go back
that's right
crime scene investigation okay this next
one first remediation I've never seen a
single episode of orange is the new
black I know I know the name just
reminds me of Halloween I feel like I
have to Orange but I think I have to
wash in October October it's not so I
thought the characters are Piper
Alex red the crazy eyes mm-hmm
pennsatucky daya or dire Sam and Leary
here's what I think warns a new
basketball audiences what jail it's
about jail suits they're Orange
obviously I think it's about people
women specifically boss women in jail
that have their own crews and pause
seasons like gangs in jail took whyville
gangs and I think as people join the
jail they join these groups kind of like
school like mean girls like oh you can't
sit with us and on Tuesdays we still
wear orange it's the new black and I
think that some of them are like killers
and some of them are more like hamer's
so that they there's a lot like clashes
and I think they're ultimately gonna
join forces and try to escape jail so
did the gang gonna come together like a
gang rom-com if you will and they're
gonna try to escape
maybe Sam and Larry they're the garb
crazy eyes red the rest of them they all
love blue because and
all the people are like listen we gonna
pick some locks we gonna make this
happen we are the blue gistic
that's where I think orange is the new
black is about I have never in my life
seen an episode of house of cards I've
heard it's an amazing show never seen it
the characters are Frank
Claire zou Peter and Jared Garrett's
Jared not really sure Frank and Claire
seem to be married they're blast names
Underwood so they're married they're a
couple you know what probably like I
think it's about politics I think Frank
and Claire like the president and vice
president of this world whatever world
they're living in so it's probably like
the assistant zou just sounds like an
assistant in name exam so like this is
your meetings here which is like a water
I think that's like as though type of
thing Peter and Garrett I feel like
they're the ones that are trying to
destroy the house of cards if you will
entertain me for a second oh good I
think what happens is that Frank and
Claire are not actually citizens not
just the country but of the world I
think they're being infiltrated by like
the Russians or aliens and they're in
like the White House perhaps maybe in
this world it's like a beige house
anything is possible and so they're not
really supposed to be in power and zou
Kai just plays along and maybe she's
actually like the genius behind Tobin Oh
I'm the assistant but really I'm the
head alien and then Peter and Garrett
are like trying to figure out this whole
thing like how are they so good at their
job how come they're making these rules
and regulations why are they allowing
this airspace they're gonna get taken
over by aliens I think that's what house
cards well it's all about maintaining
the house that is of cards but there's a
lot of wins because it's a lot of chaos
so I have never in my life seen an
episode of The Vampire Diaries here are
the characters I love you know Elena
Stefan Stefan do I know how to read
Damon Jeremy Klaus Matt Carolyn Jordan I
think the Vampire Diaries but I think
the name lends itself very well I think
a long time ago through a vampire and
they wrote Diaries and they won't like
what we would consider textbooks now
we're in the future there's a bunch of
kids that are like what's happening to
me my puberty is very different I want
to suck your blood so they're like why
is this happening and they own an attic
and they find all of these books with a
great-great-grandfather vampire and
they're reading it and there is a ream
these books there wonders to understand
that we are vampires there are vampires
so they have
navigate this puberty of being a vampire
based on like their grandparents vampire
in it and it's like dramatic there's
like hookups and there's like drama and
it's like a whole month epping thing and
maybe there's like a shortage of like
blood they like killing people trying to
survive while going through puberty and
trying to pass their exams like it's a
whole mother from Vampire Diaries I'm
pretty sure I'm mother effin nailed it
I'm gonna go back to my udders you let
me know what other shows you want me to
explain to you because clearly I'm a
professional writer and conceptual Iser
person go whore a mother and stop
everything Nicki Minaj has a verse on
BTSs Idol my number one question right
off the bat is it isn't is it an entire
game is it an entirely new music video
it looks like it hold up we want to see
there's unicorns on the table did
unicorns on the table York she looks so
goddamn good and she's so cool I wanna
be so bad oh my god this is so exciting
for me freaking go Nicki Minaj wow I
look like a crazy person also look at
this protective paw over the unicorn
just like a goddamn pale it is 11 p.m.
I'm gonna go to bed I'm gonna put a face
mask on first left for my audition
tomorrow I'm like gloomy I'm gonna go to
bed I'm gonna try that bathroom I see
what happens I feel like orally prepared
this is the hardest audition I've ever
done this script for this this stuff
I've been memorizing eight pages like
bear monologues like the Mount I've
memorize is insane so I'm gonna try my
absolute best and see what happens this
for today I had one glass of water okay
hold on I'm a champion
tomorrow we hustle summer
you
