what about wanted to girl superwoman and
you may or may not know that I'm a
UNICEF global goodwill ambassador well I
don't want to take too much of your time
okay but I do want to share something
really special no way I know what you're
thinking you're sitting there like why
the hell should I give you my time and
watch this video good question because I
know you listen I know you I know you
want to be a smart global citizen and I
know deep down you want to help make the
world a better place so pick up I'm
gonna tell you now keep watching today
UNICEF is launching that end violence
campaign which aims to well end violence
look it you can read a hashtag I think
we can all agree that no child should be
afraid to go to school but the reality
of the situation is that for so many
students around the world school is in
fact a dangerous place my recent trip to
South Africa for example actually you
know what QQ montage in South Africa had
the opportunity to conduct something
called a youth talk where I sat down a
group of youth and asked them to tell me
about their experiences at school I
don't want to go in and be like this is
what you need and this is what you deal
with no I wanted to hear it straight
from the youth and boy did I hear Lilly
hi how are you we're trying to make
school a safe place for everyone is
there gender-based violence is there
sexual abuse our teachers people you can
talk to do you feel safe with that wait
somebody's please
there's the case that you reported to
the teacher and what they will say is
someone touches you inappropriately you
won't be questioned why were you wearing
such a short skirt why were you walking
past that people one of the boys
actually was very very forceful unto me
he was actually trying to experiment
with me in a way so when I went and
reported the issue yes the the parents
came and they talked to the boys apology
to read and so forth but I feel like
there was supposed to be a check up
maybe a month later and you contend with
the type of service that we have given
up raise your hand high access account
for school not only these kids identify
issues such as sexual violence bullying
lack of counselors lack of teacher
training things that to be real I took
for granted my entire school life but
they were also really vocal about the
changes they wanted to see maybe a
consonant should be deployed in every
single school if they are proper you
know systems that are put in place as to
you know the teen checkups this could be
eliminated through the after-school
programs classes in schools platforms or
kids to have so that they have something
to keep them busy and so that they
understand that creativity is good as my
chance to visit a safe park and when you
watch this tip I want you to keep in
mind one thing so often people are like
oh well what's the solution what is this
to do to help we can do anything look
look at this beautiful solution to some
problems I'm about to show you watch
this and don't tell me that change is
impossible so we are currently at a
phenomenal safe Park which I learned is
a place that children and community
members can come to a feel safe we be
active have fun play games in a safe
environment and it's full of resources
that are really helpful to the community
such as you know a business center
internet cafe somewhere they can put
their resumes somewhere they can get
tested for HIV or they can eat get two
meals a day
heavily facilitated by children which is
really cool I so often feel that we have
this idea that adults need to be
responsible for all the initiatives that
help kids but these kids like no it's
our future it's our day it's our life
and so we are gonna have an active role
in the things that keep us safe and they
have the ability to more if they're just
given the opportunity and so you realize
how important opportunity is yeah so
smart everyone give yourself a pat on
the back good job you did so good you
did so good okay hold up so I'm not just
thinking okay and why are you telling me
all this information because right now
today when you're watching this UNICEF
is launching their end violence campaign
they're releasing a report in hopes to
help the following things implementing
laws and policies to help protect
students Franken in safety measures
encouraging students and communities to
challenge the culture of violence
investing resources effectively banks
sharing evidence of what works all this
to say all of this information is gonna
be used to make real change but in
addition to all this they'll also be
launching a digital poll and that's what
I need you the link is in the
description to take this poll listen I
know we all sit at home or like what can
we do I don't know how to help I don't
know how to use my voice this is a way
you can use your voice as a youth
because I'm a big believer that you
cannot make decisions about youth or
youth safety or education without youth
being involved in the conversation you
all need a seat at the table and we need
to hear your voice from you not from
little person not just from you what
about the world a better place well boom
today it's real easy if you're youth for
free anywhere in the world
student take this poll help us
understand what you need to feel safe
and help us create the manifesto for
safety in school look at that our change
maker right here
that's all I'm out of here thank you so
much for listening share
this information every person you know
that the student that's you tell them to
take the poll it's easy until next time
I hope you learned something new thank
you for giving your time yo humanity
we're in this together
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
