born a sign of Libra that means peaceful
fair and they hate being alone where we
harder productivity lives you and today
we have no choice but to have
productivity live here I'm not gonna lie
your girl woke up in a little bit
overwhelmed because I have so much stuff
to do but then it won't look like this I
think like would you rather be bored and
the answer is nah
so here's finished writing my script did
it you me the point shoot the video have
a call I have another call write and
record a bunch of red go through my
inbox is there any more space here all
that more nuts do it I've said this
before and I'm stating again I don't
like the feeling of oh I did one leisure
thing and now I'm gonna pay the price
for it but that's kind of how life works
out not always I mean like sometimes I'm
allowed to like enjoy them like no
everyone Shh like Carnival is a good
example Carnival and Trinidad in
February's the one thing I'm like no no
no no I'm doing this thing no one's
touching and I'm enjoying myself and not
worrying about anything other things
like my dad's party like Lyndsey show
all those things that I want to do next
day I'm like because I'm screwed over
because I didn't do work in those hours
but it's okay you know why cuz when take
a deep breath we gonna make a goddamn
kill to make matters a little bit more
complicated Brogan is out six or one
person short Taylor and I are drowning
we're literally the live footage of
Taylor and I
let's go see I always do it
are you as f desire I feel like I'm
dying right that's true too good then we
can die together
this is this fake thing has a hairnet
American so ready to sue everything so
here within my taco from my Jordan Reed
oh that's probably what it is
trash bags you're mine you think the
Senate are anything is that football so
I need to look like an army person and
then I was like don't they have the
black marks and then they said that's a
football player and I was like okay fine
and now I created this camel thing on my
face as you can see it's
professional-grade this top one is
called wonder lust for all the basic
hoes that within their Instagram okay
well things are hectic it is lunch I had
to order lunch today do a whole bunch of
stuff print scripts I'm like how do I do
this and had along as a printer again
but it is lunchtime I have to take a
call to pause shooting for 40 minutes
and then resume back to shooting class
that needs to be done but you know what
busy is a blessing let's do a call done
boom and back shooting y'all know this
big one smells so good I wonder girl oh
if you can't recognize art I can't help
you go to the inbox Taylor you can make
it my friend do you make it come on say
with confidence I think I'm gonna be
okay don't be just finish recording
ranked one up to this one let me tell
you about today right now when you're
watching this UNICEF is launching their
end violence campaign I'm already gonna
post a video on the shell tells you all
about it but essentially there's a
digital poll being released that you you
I need you can take to help with this
campaign because you know we can't help
kids feel safe around the world we can't
end violence around the world with youth
and involving youth if youth are not
involved in that conversation take the
poll help us build this cam
help us this manifesto with UNICEF
everything you need to know is gonna be
in that video description the polls are
just ripped please please please check
it out spread the word I wish y'all
could have just seen me and how I just
went through my inbox just blew in 10:30
I'm only 12 minutes behind schedule
13 minutes 13 13 12 13 minutes behind
schedule and now I need to write and
record a race yes Taylor do you think
you're gonna make it
you've gone buddy it's always so
difficult to decide what I'm gonna wear
for my rants just finished writing it
now I'm gonna record I don't have
something close but I only like wearing
like three of them cuz lots of them fit
me or I don't want my children to get on
it that's real talk I said I like that
you're my least favorite thing about
shoots aren't this this happens every
time I shoot then changing shirts and
changing clothes clothes I'm changing
clothes it's changing wow I'm changing
the changing clothes and all the time
between takes to put it back so just a
cluster of stuff but you know me you
know me you know me yo me so let's do it
Taylor you mother effort look at this
guy dude
look what this guy did right here trying
to scare me you're okay it's on Taylor
oh oh I was like sitting on my bed like
this for like an hour and now it looks
like I got punched in the face of so
many ways if you know anything love me
you know I'm not the biggest believer of
horoscopes I've made some videos about
this making fun of a few of my friends
that are really super into it I'm a
Libra
make sense what time were you born I'm
not really sure like was it morning or
night alright I think totally I see that
what's your moon sign
my wife fun today would be to see based
on what the signs are supposed to be and
how their personalities are supposed to
be if youtubers matched their zodiac
signs even I don't believe it I'm
excited to see if I can draw some
similarity up first in world's famous
just best youtubers Lilly Singh born in
a sign of Libra
that means peaceful fair and they hate
being alone where I've got them love
people don't leave me I know partnership
is very important for their whole where
these individuals are fascinated by
balance where I have zero goddamn bounce
as you can see because I work all day
and do nothing else they are in a
constant chase for justice and equality
you could back yes injustice really
pisses me off and they realized through
life that the only thing that should be
truly important to themselves is their
inner core personality I believe that
I'm very about reflecting Youssef is an
Aquarius Aquarius marches to the beat of
its own drum
yes when this rebellious sign isn't
satisfied with the way things are
they're experts at garnering the support
they need to instigate change oh my god
that's Yusef using this the one thing I
admire by using this is so good at
telling stories and getting people so
invested in his stories it's a skill
ruled more by the head than the heart
don't know about that though use of his
pretty emotional use it you know use
emotional boy I love you what you said
of optional there are two Aries on this
list and they are Liza Koshi and Casey
nice that upbeat and ready for anything
yes to both of those since these are
pioneers Casey is definitely not to say
Liza isn't but Casey is definitely in
terms of vlogging the way he's vlog
stuff definitely pioneer it also says
here that they're impossible to ignore
and that is definitely how I would
explain Liza Bed Bath & Beyond excuse me
I'm passionate I do really love how they
call it dead bath stuff your bed stuff
for your bath and a whole bunch other
stuff so basically target she's so
captivating
content in real life where you just
cannot look away this fearless sign
lives life as a warrior infusing
everything it touches with fire passion
and strength huzzah James Charles is a
Gemini
Gemini's go a mile a minute they're the
most talkative sign and known to be
social thriving on Friday you'll never
know what you get with the Gemini I feel
like that's pretty James Charles he's
fun Shane Dawson is a cancer tough on
the outside but soft on the inside
Oh a sensitive sign that cares deeply
about others if that is not Shane month
Evan Dawson I don't know what it is
until my series on YouTube he cares so
much about the people he's talking about
the people he does the series with to
ities you were the one you do that was
like I want to get inside of this person
I wanted to also like show you it's okay
they're lovers not fighters though boys
fight for who they love change changing
they're highly influenced by
subconscious thought and feeling and
this sign is connected to the Grace and
frost it for for us furro furro furro
city of motherhood Shane Dawson what a
mom that's like Twitter mom yeah okay
I'm young david dobrik is a Leo
fun and flirtatious okay charming
magnificent and dramatic
sometimes expressive to a fault
Leo has never been known to keep its
feelings hidden that's not like David
Arbor to be especially the fun part
Colleen is a Scorpio Scorpios are a
mystery to most the sign is directly
associated with the underworld Colleen
Scorpio thrives in the world of passion
depth questions and answers welcome to
cleen's corner every Tuesday answer your
questions and he says the Scorpio is all
about transformation that sounds like
Miranda calling both both of them to me
that's office today this egg moves
pretty long but let me know down below
who else you want me to do a horoscope
zodiac analysis up because obviously
this is 100% scientific truth snap you
know what to do
thank you so much for joining me on
today let's see how we did today yes so
for Thursday so stay tuned I'm giving
you a vlog I'm give you an extra video
on the watch I'll give you main channel
I'm just feeding ya
you
