it's our last full day in Trinidad
fastest ship on the planet literally the
fastest ship I have no voice everyone
like you must had a good time cuz your
voice is like judging me it doesn't
because you ride today we're gonna do is
we don't really know it's either gonna
be beach or boat easiest postproduction
fingers of my life so first we're gonna
eat of that that we are not breakfast
any day of the show and then we're gonna
go to martial arts place and then we're
going to maybe go to the beach or go on
a boat and then we're going to eat some
more food and then tonight when we come
back we're not only gonna pack but we're
gonna go guys I look awful stuff is too
old side we're gonna deal with the
colorful stuff outside and take a dip in
the pool and tomorrow morning afternoons
for flying to Florida randomly Lego is
gonna be an awesome day you feel now
through this tell us Ariane enthusiastic
to try again rewind - yes good I'll be
feeling it that was slightly better
we back home and I have our own little
party park too we are we're because
before we leave the god booth at least
once it's heated not has challenged my
rebellion and my ability because he said
I won't survive with this little because
it's too cold
she's right this is my current status
you're working your way down not all the
way over here they'll be cold but not
not up but I can't do it yeah I know
it's blurry I have to get cleaned or buy
a new one because I sacrificed it for
Jubei no regrets I stood like two hours
of work because I've been neglecting my
inbox look at me I'm just a walk outside
cuz weather's that damn good at the
turnoff this pool situation dude these
clothes last night intruder tomorrow
gonna wake up pack it's the airport
fastest trip a bar I'm so sad to leave
we have one night in Florida randomly 14
hours we're heading back home and I'm
excited to go back home because my
parents are coming in a few days my
sister's coming a few days then waiting
so much furniture and when I land my
closets gonna be done in all stuff
that's compensating for a different time
but I have a lot of work to catch up on
and I had a good vacation and now it's
time to almost finish it and get back to
my hustle mode I can definitely say that
I worked hard and desiccation I played
hard let's go sit on the toilet because
I honestly I'm gonna buy a place here
one day my two-year plan it doesn't
included to buy place is pretty bad
because if I have to have a vacation
home anywhere it's gonna have to be here
I'm going to come to Carnival next year
as well I just love it so goddamn much
yeah intruder I want say you know I
really like what you're done I love the
culture and the vibe of the people
because even during carnival it's just
so body-positive
good vibes and it's consensual is that a
word if it is I make you know it's like
people are whining and being really
close to each other but it's like no
one's heartache and then
don't you mean like I actually do more
comfortable like dancing with guys I
couldn't carnival because like no guys
trying to like you me up beyond what I'm
comfortable when I trying to make out
with me or trying to like it's just like
you know we're having a good time we're
dancing we're like cool it's like just
very the girls are down but guys are
down and everyone's equal equal both
ways it's not like a bunch of girls or
guys I think you know on my head on this
person it's just kind of like good vibes
that I love that about the culture like
everyone's wearing raw tops and like
whatever and everyone's just so
accepting of everyone else and super
super goddamn cool that's what I love
most about the culture so I love it
feels like home to me I can't wait to
come back I'm gonna go to bed we are
going to Florida tomorrow and tell them
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe also Joe the first Baus bonus
has been unlocked it is the intro to my
book if you want to read up with the
link in the description right there -
not only preorder my book but read the
intro for my book if you read the intro
and you like it you can pre-order at
Lilly Singh book.com there's still two
more bonuses to be unlocked one is me
sending y'all voice notes and the other
is some other stuff check out
