it's 7:30 a.m. yeah I got like zero
sleep last night I was still up at 4:30
a.m. and it is 7:30 a.m. right now so
something is wrong one of two things one
I had an engine too late to my time is
just off because of travel or three I
don't know how to count that's three
things three is that this blankets too
thick so I'm like constantly too hot I'm
too cold I don't know if I should be a
thinner blanket the point is your girl
is tired but we're headed to a shoot
let's go on this Drive you're gonna see
how I wake up cuz right now I'm so tired
on Santa Monica Boulevard still tired at
a red light still tired Vine Street
still tired I'm a little I'm a little
bit more awake a little bit something
that I'm not sure how to tell you about
yet so stand by go don't leave the
Sterling Show hug him I am bad for where
I'm doing 12 let's do it it's all
happening puppy how do you say it's all
happening those documents and or don't
know customer sender
I've been in this predicament way too
many times the predicament is here's the
guilty I must build a real teacher game
I get laser and I get my underarms laser
if I get the laser when I'm in Toronto
last trip I didn't have time to get them
lasered and so like they've grown out a
little bit but I don't think to shave
anymore because like my hair doesn't go
back but because it's been so long it
has so now after wear this and I realize
that my armpits are not done it's not
bitterly had an out to the entire set
right now look guys I need a razor I
need to shave my head it's probably
anything like a basic home to do this
damn shoot I have been here too many
dirty girl
hey hairs are dirty okay I just don't
want it in the shoe trays oh sorry
everyone relate because of me and my
hairy beasts oh I guess now you know
what the shoots about a secret's out oh
no no we're doing because the director
helped what I did with my hair what his
glasses in the prescription on my head
hurts why because my eyesight is better
than perfect 2015 I can't be messing
with these okay
you call you are I have consumed one
ocean we're making movies some cool
Pantene stuff and I think only Pantene
India's gonna see right only Indian
there I'm sorry yo so first racism deal
with okay only the Indians get arrested
y'all gonna have to wait I just think a
good part of it is longer Glenn well I'm
gonna rap at about 6:30 s that's what
they say these lying hold to Lindsey
show I'm so excited by the way happy
birthday Beyonce I hope you're watching
this if you like it subscribe yeah we
rapped thank God I'm so tired I'm headed
home in the peak of traffic another one
I'ma be real with y'all I am so f and
tired but I know Lindsey would pull
through for me so imma go see my girl
performing I already know she's gonna
wake me up cuz she's one of the better
formers ever so let's go look at this
good friend buying Lindsey Stirling
merch right here boom friendship y'all
Lindsey's merch is sank or where the
doer of Deeds could have done them
better is this my boys credit goes to
the man was
in the arena never knew victory nor
defeat
and I don't understand how we're looking
for it so
and stop
start you already know what's about to
happen okay my traditional post Lindsey
Stirling show appreciation rent because
every time I see Lindsey perform I'm
just reminded why I'm friends with her
and why she's my soul sister
we Lindsey her work ethic like you
couldn't tell when she performs like yo
she got her body physically ready she
went above and beyond to control up
everything that she is so phenomenally
effing talented well a literally
emotional watching her because I'm like
it's so beautiful to see someone do
something that they were born to do and
then do it so well I get emotional
watching Lindsey and I don't often get
emotional but watching Lindsey I just I
have immense pride watching her I want
her to accomplish everything and I know
she will me wanting that means I think I
know she's um I'm not cool enough to be
I'm not cool enough to be with I I love
her I freaking Lindsey free love you
also look at the merch I got so
yesterday the fan account tweeted out
saying if you got some fan art send it
this way because I'm gonna react with
all y'all that send stuff thank you so
so much I love looking at your fan er
because like I know I can actually don't
know I can only imagine how much effort
and time it takes to sit down with you
Alma take valuable minutes out of my day
valuable hours possibly of my days draw
this person's face and create art about
like that is an extreme honor so thank
you I'm about to react to a few select
I'm so excited I haven't seen the map
but I'm gonna see the noun up first we
got these super green I love this I've
seen this before and I don't know what
it is about this picture that just
captures scarborough's essence so well
but I want to kiss
and for some reason to up this paper and
swallow it so he can be with me forever
do you super Russia again okay see if
y'all don't know team super Russia first
of all stop watching me go go check out
what she does she's a hundred times of
Townsend I'm friggin kills it with the
graphic design so much I can't even be
in focus hello
looking like a boss I see the little
blush you got going on my cheek the
details the earring is an L it says
empower uplift educator lip
matching the blazer girl clothes bad
cell oh damn this is mirrors looking
like mirrors reflections at Chipotle
burrito wrapper made in so our that
looks II don't think some sort of dope
avatar yo of course Surrey team super
Mumbai accurate except you mesh the big
cups cyan't please don't draw those
that's inappropriate that stop it make
don't flag this vlog YouTube God Jesus
also the hair really nailed the hair
oh those burgers I've never seen this yo
I love especially when fanner has
bungees and Wendy thing like not only
you take an effort to drop me you're
drying these two not characters real
people this is super dope yo hold up is
this a drawing
yo that's insane not only is the drop
what the app not only is this amazing
the concept of the drawing but the
skittles and the pencil crayon
presentation you I am shocked by how
good this is
holy crap ah you know what my facial
features look better than real life in
this drawing I got to my cheek bones
popping eyeliner pop it just jaw
structure chin structure popping I can
already imagine say some smart aleck
mother Phoenix right now who's this by
next highlights all these old things
peace signs Marella what's in the combo
me I'll hustle something something
you're accurate though I say all of
those things respect really nailing it
yeah definitely also nailing the eyes
and the nose the nose a special cat that
know it can we zoom in on the nose yo
look at that nose rafiki's I okay I love
that
just like we dislike this might look the
most like me many of them I love this
this unicorn is the Beyonce of unicorn
also the hair looks delicious I'm hungry
now
Monisha was good this one I look like
the soft fur more elegant ladylike
version of myself in this picture I look
like someone who always safely removes a
USB and who like doesn't fart so this is
why in this picture right now I wish I
was this person who did this
Astrid team super Denmark you know what
I feel like this really captures my
essence as well mocking like that looks
like me I'm a unicorn I wear face masks
my skin still dirty
actually looking pretty popular these
days how long lag oh do this exactly a
year ago I look kind of like Lauren in
this fifth harmony Lauren there's a few
pictures actually where like I've
discussed with her as well I'm like we
look the same in this the strangest way
because it'll actually look Samoan some
pictures I'm like we kinda land in this
picture and this is it I feel like this
is one of those I'll means away
yeah well the way is this drawing we
mother F and H that is dopest r82 UI
times good times good times oh this is
an amazing drawing I can't even
comprehend what you would do with the
pencil to make it do that how would you
make the jacket look like that you tell
me each look I just that makes no egg
mixer it makes no sense
yo yo ya'll are talented this is amazing
this makes me look like a lady I look
like a lady yeah okay see if you know
what this is from using OG y GFF
performance my it's super dope I like
that it's like faceless its humble and I
a lot of detail I'm into it but this
causes me physical pain at the same time
because I was so goddamn sick during
this performance I know I've talked
about the hundred times but literally if
you ask the time I was most sick in my
life why CFF Mumbai fan this is sick I
really like it thank you so much to
everyone from making me found out like I
said that is so much time and effort
that you could be literally doing
anything else on the fact that you're
taking on me I really appreciate it if I
missed any please keep between them to
myself and the fan
and I'll make sure I see them oh I feel
like super loved right now tank I found
the time is 12:30 a.m. I am so tired as
you know I didn't get much sleep last
night I got a tweak a script before I
sleep because we're shooting tomorrow I
might go to bed and do it early in the
morning I'm not really sure I need to
sleep right now so that's what I miss
Age 3 because of the water bottle
situated go hydration queen
you
