welcome back missing Farkle we have the
heart of activity live to your first
things first lesson peace Uncle Phil for
real but first things first
awesome I guess second thing second
anyways yo you know my friend Sheena
makes these dope necklaces check out
this dress I have kid has these little
faces it's a whole vibe look how
perfectly this necklace goes with this
vibe why am I so dressed up let me tell
you the other mission for today you a
secret shoot then I gotta come home for
an hour and work on those spiced news
have a meeting while getting my hair and
makeup done do a girl a photo shoot get
my hair braided possibly shoot some more
spice news and then leave to go
somewhere I'll tell you where soon all
that more let's do it
even though I can't forget about you I
can't forget about you good stretch
buddy good stretch so obviously hmm I
had to look mildly teasing cuz I'm
cheating with someone fabulous right now
fabulous I'm so happy to tell you I'm
sure with my arm extend really to get my
angles what lovely we did something I
can't tell you what it is yet but you'll
find out soon enough but she is lovely
she is so warm I feel like we're Juvonen
usually I'm tired in the morning so I'm
tightening oh you just I'll so much you
got you a later friggin love that girl
so much I have exactly an hour at home
before after head to my next thing we're
going to try my best record some spice
and you freaking out no time let's do it
you know one day I'm gonna get my house
back and I'll have to shoot things here
but until then let's get to work
yeah something so fun I just recorded
all the spice use right on time knows
like kill then I can head to my shoe I
took the files and all the audios
distorted mics not working so so now I
don't think I'll finish it I did finish
it and I was so proud of myself and then
I'm taking back the paths in my back
because now I there's no way I'll be
able to finish it so fine god dammit
except kinds of my braiding appointment
so I can come back and frigging because
I I hate being inefficient as you wasted
a very valuable hour there's nothing I
can do about I'm gonna leave but I'm
highly
I made it to the studio we're doing our
photo shoot I'm so happy because in a
couple minutes but he's gonna do a head
massage and I needed so much because I'm
so stressed it is nice treat this as
well me being a Libra is a cosmic joke
because I'm actually terrible at balance
and I know you're watching my blogs and
these moments I get stressed you
probably like well obviously you moron
you do nine hundred thousand things I'm
well aware that I have too much stuff in
my schedule that's possible but I'm just
addicted to do that I'm addicted jay-z
said it best success is the most
addictive drug I don't if you can hear
me it's so loud but I just obsessed with
stacking my schedule and doing it and I
know I'm my own biggest problem so I'm
well aware but I just love everything I
do and for as much work as I try to do
I'm like okay but now I need to make a
cake for 18 hours now I need to like do
this surprise party for so because I
feel like I have to make up for not
always being there for friends and
family so that's why I'm stressed you'll
find out where I'm going tonight which
is adding a little bit to my stress as
for now we got a head massage also minor
detail meeting during my hair and makeup
it's gonna be awesome
hair makeup did give me the points now
let me tell you what the photo shoot is
for is for my new birthday campaign
which you've already seen the products
about you seen the final packaging let
me show
also perforated right there so you can
break it apart and give it to a friend I
mean come on these are all the props
we're using yes to a birthday campaign
photo shoot
that didn't last too long because 30
seconds and I flip my hair I got that
day into that I need my hair to be flip
this way really my self-esteem goes on
if my head is the straightest track your
lady in the streets but I see he does
this fighting I don't think like other
people with me as well play fighting a
make notes and get away because it
doesn't hurt at all
which is like a baby you gonna do that
Kiki challenge that is a rap never gonna
rush home and reshoot spice use
hopefully we'll see let's do it
y'all I did it I came home I finish
recording spice and you now finish
packing for what you asked good question
I can finally tell you what's going on
it had to wait till today because my dad
watches my vlog so I'm flying to Toronto
tonight to surprise my dad it is his
birthday on September 1st and we're
throwing him a party and I got a few
tricks up my sleeves I'm flying there
which is why I was so stressed about
like having to get things done and only
having an hour cuz I have to get done so
many things before I left because I
don't have my green screen trying I
don't many of that stuff so I did it I'm
finishing packing believe in yourself
harder Oh what up t-shirt reference oh
my god y'all wanna here's being so
adorable scar bows just standing here so
sad look at him because he recognizes
the suitcase anything I'm leaving are
you sleepy or sad boom boom bow yes what
you're coming with me sweetheart you're
coming with mommy this time I - I like
that sound boom boom boom yeah we
playing now he'll be playing with me
mommy are we playing
are we playing okay so Brogan's been
helped me out a lot I'm gonna give her a
gift when I went to the break future
screening I recorded myself swearing
Rogan has been MVP today she fixed the
mic situation she didn't cancel my
braids up which means I'm gonna have
time for braid okay which was very
happen I have a surprise for you yeah
yeah okay I need you to put these on
okay first we're gonna do a little test
tell her you can hear this music hold on
yeah I play something for you okay and
then you're the only person
I guess the experience as they ready
okay thank you hold on ready okay come
on
I'm gonna cry like a bear
no it was it oh yeah what are you just
cover it over it was like no yeah b-word
what time when you not paying attention
when she didn't even hear it the first
time anyone was meat okay the second one
was there you go down and a very very
exclusive group of people I feel so
special we made it and the nanny got you
new toys Wow buddy he's so happy oh yeah
buddy
well buddy I am home and I'm so happy I
so needed a little bit of a break for my
waiting to come home just like ah I'm so
excited I'm here for the weekend I have
some tricks up my sleeve for my dad's
birthday but she was so excited to see
me who's in the house he thought it was
breaking anything so saying you know
what since y'all Falls belong with this
vlog I thought that I would let you hear
me swear as well Rogan got to here why
don't you get to hear my battery is
running low low so okay ready pressing
play now
you are right plus yo you're gonna hear
me swear when I actually make it to TV
show movie okay so just like me you will
have to wait
you
