we also harder productivity lives here
do you know what today is do you do do
you today today is a day we're gonna put
in work yeah I gotta go to work
we're actually no we do have to go to
work scratch that well he's a man well
yeah that would work we are gonna have
such a productive day follow along make
yourself a to-do list and then give
yourself some points because then I'm
not the only one doing in video one
shoot video to record rant wanna record
rant to record ran three Oh mister three
go through my inbox all right we are
gonna be creating a lot of content today
so we used to give deep breath would you
be present we need to not be worrying
about the next thing we're gonna do days
like this where it's stacked this was
like oh once I finish this I threw that
and I went to fish that no present in
each task so each task can be completed
with the best and optimal energy that is
the goal for today I always say I'm not
a morning person and then I watch these
logs I'm like what are you getting
orders energy from hope God give me the
strength to drink more than two glasses
of water today we're off to a good start
broken are you making yourself a new
shirt for me guess who washed all her
makeup brushes I am a makeup right now
you see me realize
we are not actors or actresses
we are just here like this the video is
that athletes have to shoot five rounds
and these one episode after Latvia can
best ones love this is crazy
the new BTS hey guys
hello my name is Lilly Singh and I feel
to all we saw getting up today I was
like I'm not gonna get stressed about
how much stuff I have to do him we were
present in the moment so I can do the
best job and I completely failed that
fact because I got super stressed during
our shoot I think what happened was we
were just being inefficient there's a
period of time where everyone was being
inefficient and I recognize it no spray
have so much stuff to do and then I
start to get stressed and so I broke my
rule no one is perfect I'm gonna take a
deep breath from this moment on I'm not
gonna be stressed be present I ordered
some food we need some food everything
is fine everything is great it's cool
first you were nice thing is I made my
period soon and my head is hurting so
I'm like not feeling comfortable and
optimal my spirits trying to be optimal
my neck is hurting maybe I should sit on
my hot tub look at this first world
privilege palm stretch Oh mouth oh damn
y'all see that must be a full moon thank
you so much for all the love in my last
video like I said usually my passion
projects don't do very well this means a
lot to me I'd also like you watching it
over and over again and I'm really proud
of it because of the way I feel I
captured each of the rappers I really
tried to sound like them and act like
them and I like watch their videos
before I perform to like catch them
their mannerisms like even it's a
Kendrick the way I'm doing subtle
movements and it's not there Drake is a
little bit more out there cardi B's out
there Kendrick is a little more like
straight you know what I mean molecule
got all the tools inside my DNA got a
sugar goop got double loops inside my D
and Nate's got thymine guanine cytosine
adenine inside my DNA
I got G's like Cole's not like clothes
inside my DNA and you're born with it
with two helix inside of every human and
you borrow no inside of every human and
what born with it you borrowed it from
your parental unit bases in different
places you know what I mean that's how I
make my good protein
I hope I love anything and anyone in the
world as much as Scarborough loves this
sock coming come this is your sock this
is your sock is that your suck is it
yours what if I take it what if I take
it
hell no mom hell no just this recording
my rant did it without
make up I don't cur okay a long time to
make it right now this boy though
constant noise during the ran didn't we
didn't we son sir excuse me sir
Thank You cutie face I tell you I also
wrote some spiced news I'm gonna try my
best troll corner tonight I don't know I
don't think I've enough time for
everything especially cuz I'm getting
tired and I have to wake up so early in
the morning but I do have one idea of
what could ease my stresses stand by
what boys bps dropped a new single
called I don't know I make one thing
crystal clear for y'all okay I'm not
just reacting this cuz it's a trendy
thing to do I mean that you but it's
also because like I genuinely have
enjoyed every single single and music
video and song I've ever heard and seen
from BTS I think they're so incredibly
talented so I only know almost
thoroughly enjoy this there's not a
single music video of their that was not
completely shocked by that's not just
because California had earthquake 4.4
just say yes I don't I write no another
so no Ange Omega heck are you know the
colors I would say I already know the
colors are gonna be sick
their colors are always 600 already
served and faith hasn't even been a
second I blush and feel tingly this it's
like a I'm gonna schoolgirls yo Oh
dude the colors the wardrobe the BFX the
choreo the camerawork the month Effinger
africans looks like we're going on a
future
what are you cool video like your mother
effing swag bro you know what I find so
sexy it's not even that they can dance
it's the facial expressions they serve
six so much confidence and style
I feel like melts it's like foam gonna
say they like melts me but just a little
nuance is so good to be like that cute
like that it takes a lot of confidence
man oh you had a cute the Bugs Bunny
shirt so we're always like with me
they've already had like 20 setups also
when your budget is unlimited okay serve
that directed camera face was there a
bunny in this guy remove okay now
they're eating aquarium I don't even
understand they giving you straight
SeaWorld vibes here people
Oh bad that fake your night joke okay yo
straight up there sexy like this is sexy
like is they're sexy they're sexy I'm
itchy oh there's a sexy okay cheese
oh let's break it down to a different
vibe right now
cheerleading palm combines people like
them to be on I feel like they're the
only people like and dance like this
your girl fancies come on now yo things
don't just end there unopposed oh they
just end it there on a post even scar
was excited um swing up I honestly you
know what I know I know you know what I
really appreciate is when I watch their
videos like I can't even figure out how
they're doing these things are just so
much happening but I could watch it five
times in a row and still I would
discover something new you might show
this in my team I thought we'd all just
started being like how are they doing
this with the camera and what is what is
happening you guys it's are legitimately
are I enjoy their video so so much I
won't lie and say you know everything
about them but everything I've been
exposed to thus far even from that brief
moment where I met them flashback
I've been phenomenal I'm gonna have to
stop them and hunt them down and just be
friends with them that was gonna have to
have well damn I'm gonna have that in my
head all year long oh just in my laundry
also did this struggling with the water
recently Beach oh I'm out here trying
man I'm gonna call it a night after wake
up super early for a photo shoot you'll
see what it's for tomorrow as for now
let's do it
and tomorrow some surprise things are
happening that I can't tell you about
now but I will tell you tomorrow
you
