did you hear about the restaurant on the
back losing zones we also harder
productivity Lizzy er yo today I woke up
and I was like I just feel like a
looking fabulous I have a very important
pitch meeting today first time I'm
pitching this particular project knows
it okay Amy wear a dress let me actually
do my hair a half pony I got a little
bit of earring here a different earring
here I'm let me just walk in and be like
I have arrived here is the mission but
today if you brand-new first of all why
okay we get each done on this channel
there's no drama things getting set on
fire but we make our dreams come true my
working hard so if you down with that
grab yourself a pen grab a notebook
let's make it to do this let's get some
points here's my image for today's
practice my pic go to the pitch meeting
and pitch the pitch have a little bit of
a meet and greet with someone special
no we got a team meeting then I have a
dealer media kind of go through my inbox
and do where to things this dress has
pockets daya buys and they just say I
should leave my house to the office gosh
take some selfies first the hell what am
I gonna dress up like this again and I
already regret wearing yo I just
practice my pitch but I know we're
heading there to pitch I'm gonna leave
vlog camera here cuz I need to be
completely in my senses to do this thing
it's the first one so you know where to
stumble through a little bit but I will
soon
today special VIP box and that's how you
notice when you open it it has like
unnecessary fancy things in them are you
indicate yes wait do you make cakes yeah
thanks
is that you yeah Anna you're adorable
and now did you go go listen come up
that blob where I spent the whole two
days making this cake remember so a
month I love you tweet saying unpopular
opinion I hate okay lovely and you're
gonna work should do amazing phenomenal
things just believe in yourself a more
card games and this is on the word party
we're trying to start a meeting with
these alien people are comparing the
sugar in their juice right now so stand
by if I could rant about juice for a
second and use this gesture take you
taking a fruit and you squeeze all the
fiber out all the important stuff and
you just suck you color apple and kill
first of all those three things should
never
like literally okay anyways like Mel's
like salad dressing 30% of them say
leave the bottles with reaction eyes
welcome to another team meeting who's
excited are you excited are you excited
are you excited are you excited are you
excited they're all right let's get to
it just finished a team meeting don't
you feel so like inspired right now
don't toss out inspired if you're so
inspired that she used to drink because
her ambition is thirsting so I decided
up because there's a YouTube channel
does it so I think it's so goddamn funny
I think Taylor and I what do you think
Taylor are gonna challenge Kyle and
Masako to a dad joke battle thank you
for watching I appreciate all you're
really telling what I am in hey guys you
guys up hurt guys up for it this is how
this is gonna go
we each have a list of dad jokes we've
compiled and whoever laughs doesn't
matter wedding the game the other team
gets a point the goal is to not laugh
smiling smirking if you make an audible
laugh with a laugh you need to tag your
partner you tell your partner all right
okay well Graham see I would've liked
music well but you ever read it like you
can't wait that I didn't know there was
time yes sir oh I want a heart nurse
which did you hear about the restaurant
on No
hey together where does Batman go to the
bathroom the bat room interesting
stronger than I thought what do you call
a fake noodle what do you call a fake a
noodle an imposter it's pretty good mmm
I have something in my shoe pretty shirt
to fuck are you ready for a joke about
paper yeah don't mind it's terrible am I
supposed to get that one today why did
the coffee file a police report by it
got mugged did you hear about the man
you stole a calendar no am i reading why
did the Scarecrow win an award of magic
talisman I think that modem what do you
call an elephant that doesn't matter
and what do you call alpha doesn't
matter
and irrelevant
no no not have you ever heard of a music
group called cellophane no they mostly
rap wanna hear a joke about construction
yes I'm still working on it
oh why did the girls near peanut butter
on the road why to go with the traffic
jam so you're vegan I'm gonna redo this
one I thought about going on the whole
almonds diet that's just nuts there's
that Kevin no no why don't skeletons
every bunch of a dream tell me because
they have no body bit better they tell
you the time I fell in love during a
backflip now most heels over head dad
I'm hungry
hi hungry I'm dad that's half our grade
for a museum ugh this year's doing
what's Forrest Gump's password1
Forrest one
and I should have ate seafood I feel I
went to a seafood disco last night and
pulled a muscle
hmm what did the zero say to the egg
what nice belt a furniture store keeps
calling me why all I wanted was the
one-night stand
do you know where you can get chicken
broth in bulk where the stock market
pile yeah
how can you tell if an end is a boy or a
girl they're all girls otherwise they'd
be uncle's home Dino um actually asked
your dad for his best joke mm-hmm he
said you turned into a rose Matt boys we
are no one according to the points we
find a super if you want to see more of
these I want to say that the idea not
our original idea I'll put the links
that you to tell that does it down below
they're so funny to watch we do another
one super dope all right well do not
want more angles I'm pretty sure we won
I'm pretty sure we would wherever you
see I have no idea you were laughing a
lot of the beginning Wow but it wasn't
realistic
oh the next time I see you will be
flying to Dubai oh yeah
my name the airman ay-ay-ay so I come
home from dinner I'm like yo eight
o'clock on a Friday to watch a movie I
could relax a much-deserved just
relaxation time I'm home I notice that
the pumpkins that we carved Oh rotting
and disgusting where I throw them away
in the garbage now what happens more on
Lily well you put four pumpkins in a
garbage it gets very heavy so that I
couldn't lift the garbage bag I couldn't
take the pumpkins out of the bag because
they broke into a million pieces they're
all rotted and disgusted so then I broke
my back carrying this bag outside a
widget exploded and garbage juice is now
all over me and my floor
OOP remember he didn't look to to karma
is actually getting groomed tomorrow
because his hair is so long as we guys
just like me his hair grows so long so
quickly
oh yes mommy oh you Oh mommy yes I take
orders mommy I like to all of those
berry verbs Matt you know what sucks I
had such a good Sharjah Dubai trip
planned like lots of days and I reduced
it to like make time for stuff and that
stuff was not even happening anymore
which means I could've left today and
friggin gone and had extra to raise
there but not I'm literally traveling on
Monday to Sharjah I'm there for two days
literally the thing is much time to get
there as it's dinner but it's all good I
am coming to the Sharjah Book Fair put
all the information in the description I
don't charge I've been to Dubai I think
something like 25 minutes of a drive but
I love Dubai every time I'm coming I had
a phenomenal time I'm coming with the
girls of the team's who's gonna be late
also hold up wait a minute let me put
some points in it at dinner I had two
glasses of water thank you very much in
the office earlier I had one glass of
water I know I'm not gonna get it blog
me but I'm like I'm gonna dinner or
something in a media can't be like
where's the room would so just bear with
me that's a mouse a beautiful
you
