well because some reps three says he'll
eat one welcome back we have the harder
productivity lives here I'm in the Quito
airport right now being so embarrassing
because there's so many people around
but I don't care we are in Ecuador and
we had a great exhausting travel here's
the mission for today
you try to cope Jungle Cruise some
volunteer work go through my inbox if
there's Wi-Fi get the camera focus on me
my keys all that more I don't know
what's gonna happen we can figure it out
let's do it so Taylor woke up today with
a swollen eye and a broken phone off to
a great start ready we're here with me
you know I love wheezing your whole vibe
Michelle to your chase here the whole
team is here can't wait to show you
everything you do in Ecuador but we had
some exciting travels yesterday montage
bye sweetheart
okay
so what time is it right now everyone
was 30 and and what's a good wakeup 5:30
for food hey Weez the in Quito or only
here for five hours in this hotel behind
him is these okay for all y'all I watch
Game of Thrones
this hotel is endorsed by a wild even
throw the so random he's on all the
stock windows Connie
rise and shine
oh it's really early I'm so tired I got
zero sleep and the montage here okay so
we're hanging to coca here's the
situation right wheeze heading for the
Amazon jungle and there's lots of bugs
there in particular a spider that starts
with T which shall not be named while
all these people have been thoroughly
threatened what I'm fairly is inevitable
that I'm gonna see huge ginormous bugs
well he's fired basically this is my
goodbye vlog I'm gonna have a harder
second on this trip it's been nice
knowing you
we've made it it's only a five-minute
bus right now in a two-hour canoe ride
so canoe is the main method of transfer
right boat motorized you know what this
is the least scary part for me as long
as there's no things with legs I'm fine
I could do crocodiles I could do
jellyfish akin to a shark I just can't
do the spiders yeah chef Devon yo y'all
ready OCD you become an actress right
like save it we are going to write up up
strange for about two hours yes there is
piranhas in this river but not the ones
that you would find in the movies they
will only attack if something is
bleeding
so in conclusion in these waters as
piranhas pink dolphins and anacondas
actually just slowed down the boat so
they can take pictures in front of it
the lied and I'm hyperventilating
beautiful
Westar world we got coffee to fund us
here we got what you say five times
equivalent of one cup of coffee powerful
Alfama so FEMA came an Akuma are y'all
ready to see my room in the middle of
the Amazon rainforest right now we got
the mosquito net popping off here the
washroom boom-boom-boom but then hahaha
I've already Noma have a basic ho
Instagram shoot right here look at this
we are in it my transparent raincoat on
fun facts electricity Ravens wardrobe
for Fahrenheit before she got changed I
got this awesome tree it's called
yesterday today tomorrow and why
yesterday's flowers a day a new one
comes out and tomorrow is a budding one
every single day in making you flowers
swag swag swag swag swag swag swag swag
swag swag swag swag your tailor yo the
tailor what are those presentation on
100 your blonde a Yolanda y'all my
strawberry is going to the ball and a
strawberry look better than me so miss
leaf and edible caramelizing
good Wow Lupe's bomb it is a khalifa
moment it is very leafy sugar really oh
yes definitely
we're in the bay Avista community to
learn all about the history of ecuador
and the education of fo oh my god colors
are so vibrant your guy is so blue and
the grass is so green no windows XP
wallpaper things up the colors Oh doc
Conners
okay so we're in an old school right now
school that used to be used a lot kinder
Garten all the way to grade nine so all
the grade just be in the same space
taught by the same teachers with the
same word for commute and so basically
very difficult to get an education in
this school this is the old school for
all the time this is it this is also
cement floor it's flooded so many times
so there's dirt on it receipts receipts
receipts washroom they used to flood a
lot of thing but all the times I used to
complain about my lecture hall in York
University geez okay let's go check out
the numerous schools this is a new
classroom honestly every time I'm
sitting here and I'm just like thinking
about all the things we take for granted
especially was for I remember vividly
being university beautiful desks and
chairs and just getting to eat my food
we listen to a lecture and it's just
like when your environment like this you
really realize how much we take for
granted like simple tiles on a floor and
desks and chairs make all the difference
always complain about school it's so
hard it's so hard to work imagine being
in a school where the floor is dirt and
there's one washing when there's 60 kids
and there's a crammed space like takes
so much resilience and so difficult to
learn in spaces like that it's so
important to have an environment where
you could actually learn and that's not
some part of support initiatives like
that smash you've seen education and
they need to feel safe and in a
comfortable space to learn just think
about your own school experience
mind-blowing to me
my brains in my ears
so basically we made the cement we're
putting the stuff out but what did it
say what are you calling it off cinder
block we gotta fill in the gaps by hand
like so oh I got to build a house how's
she doing great I have yet to see
somebody build better than her
we're gonna freshen up that's the dinner
and they get to work to serve you the
contents about to happen right now David
what do we have here what is this
oh we got some grub huge maggot worms
right mealworms full of protein in
alcohol it's in tequila right now so
they've been soaking Reese's eat one
right now here's what you get in return
okay 101 you need to do is to get the
head off inside right that's the best
part way it's a head yeah okay this
crispy crunchy crispy crunch review what
it was like just tasted like like
tequila and then squishy squishy you
know in your honor I'll take all the
bonus points thank you yeah hi can I get
one glass of self-esteem all right let
me just flip this up in the air
hold my god how was your first day how
was your first day how's your first day
so sweaty but great I had a great time
too and we got 200 easier three right to
here and then one in Quito and one of
these days a night hike and Dee's house
trying to convince me but god it's
called the title of the night hike what
is it it's called Lily's going
guys coming know what in the car what
does it call Lily meets mr. t no it's
called creepy critters thank you for
joining us on our first day I hope you
enjoy until tomorrow or this guy's here
when I'm here and easier and she's here
and I'm here - hi okay yes and you and
bugs and Kyle's here
you
