I got in trouble yeah girl she pissed
herself this year I almost tripped or
broke my face
good morning I've been up since 9:00
packing things all the things props
wardrobe set design my brain hoppy stop
all da stuff has been packed because you
have a double shoot today it's gonna be
in st. Oh we're gonna be so productive
I'm gonna go to bed tonight and I might
cry tears of joy here's the mission
she'll be at lunch to video to release
today's video come home and record a
rant
maybe go through my inbox I'll see you
sometime it's a long day all that more
let's do it it's showing in my skin
especially that I'm working so much
because my face is super breaking up I
mean I know what you're thinking maybe
it's because of all those water points
win good but truly I can say that all
the videos coming off I'm really proud
of my other videos with these last
couple videos I've really put like
effort in in terms of like what's really
unique how can i really go the extra
mile how can i really go above and
beyond so I'm a super proud of
everything releasing recently and we're
all set for our trip to Ecuador so even
though I'm not really sleeping right now
and I'm working a lot now and strongly
right now I always think of things like
this what am I looking forward to that
thing I need to earn it Ecuador I need
to earn I need to be inequitable I can
enjoy this I earned this let the guys
scarbrow we got the whole squad squad
gang gang gang gang gang we're shooting
on Yusuf's old set today so our schools
going to look extra late already to kill
it today not kill it guys we're gonna
stop stop we're gonna try that again I
need everyone here to just get up all
right it did
yawen you may recognize this way from my
Sailor Moon video but today it's for a
student a shy student this video is
types of kids in sex ed class and I
think it's really funny because a lot of
this is based on a true story
word-for-word Jesus different than your
paycheck oh my gosh when are you
expecting welcome to my lab I'm not
gonna say the exact video but you might
piece it together from the blog I'm
getting spoiled musical it's dope the
set is dope it's school related I'm
really really excited because I got the
jump on the mic again pain also it's not
auto-tuned yet so no one judge me save
space no judgement a speaker blogging
there's a lot of blog in that we do and
we do and we do yo this P doesn't be
saying so my passion projects was how I
know it's not gonna get a lot of use but
I don't even care having so much fun
shooting it I'm so proud of it so far I
had a good time you like it you like it
yes
we have just a thumbnail left to do and
then oh we've wrapped on these tissues
my team killed it today can I just tell
you shot two videos two very hard video
one of these one is very hard we
mother-effing what was that oh so my
foot is swollen again I also what the
hell is that
okey-dokey smokey the time is 11:22 p.m.
I came home I ate what is that asked me
to face math but before that I got a
write and record arranged
yes get to me and here's recording the
rant and it's about school which gave me
an idea how do I tell you all some
stories about my school like one in
particular because everyone asked me
like yo you a problem child's the most
trouble you ever got it I think the best
story that is so telling of me because I
should be so scared of teachers and my
parents are honest my parents oh I
didn't do anything really horrible but
there was one thing I did that did get
me in trouble
not with my teachers but with my mom and
I swear to God my piss was trickling
down my leg here's the story I really
the real reason I'm telling you to study
because it just shows what a good person
I am I'm in high school I've got two
best friend my tamil twin best friend
which is why there's so much talent the
melodica met but he sue them and yes
they still work at a grocery store
called no froze right and they took a
break from working there for a while and
they eventually decided to go back there
I said this this premise for you because
this is high frickin adore those two
girls were such best friends will do
anything for each other and one of them
was really really nervous
well starting that job again because you
never memorize all those colds for the
fruits and the vegetables and all those
things I was like yo wouldn't it be so
sweet if I like was there during her
shift
grocery store just like provide some
moral support and do all the things but
here's the thing
I was working also that evening so what
did I do and I feel I am a genius I
could be there for my friend if I switch
my shift with someone who works the
daytime what's the issue with daytime
though your girl got school so what did
I do
I skipped school took the bus to work
the daytime shift in hopes that no one
would realize and then in the evening I
would surprise her during her shift and
help bro
I was calling someone else I worked at
that grocery store who is also my friend
think about it I think like all my
friends are from the grocery store you
know what I spit right in your face I am
so sorry I wrote down all the codes that
I know my friend would have remembered
that she was so stressed she was so
nervous and had them all prepped I'm
like I'm not surprised I'm such a good
friend except during my daytime shift
aka when I was supposed to be in school
I get a ring ring ring on myself I don't
know what the hell it's my sister and
I'm like oh I answer and she says and I
quote where are you I'm at school don't
you're not I know you're not at school
okay I know you're sleeping I freaking
piss my pants my sister cuts right
through my soul basically knows exactly
what I'm doing it tells me on the phone
you are in so much trouble
that's the real you know you're in so
much luck they don't even need to front
or even he'd be like then you need to
say wait till you get home
wait till mom they just wrap like you
gonna die I was so scared so my mom
shows up at work picks me up after my
shift doesn't even say a word to me okay
I get into the car I start crying and
she literally scolded me for three
sentences and let it go because I told
him that I was trying to surprise my
friend I wanted to be there to be a good
thing you know and her much popular
white drug she doing which boy she
meeting but me no I was just like I'm
trying to be a good friend I was so
scared I didn't live in for like ever
as whatever this is why I don't like I
can't
that's my biggest story of like doing
something in school yeah I love you Tom
for I've cheated and stuff like that
whatever I'm gonna show the boy I was
such a nerdy kid but yeah I got in
trouble yeah girl she pissed herself let
me know are you one of those kids that
is super scared to do things or are you
like rebellious I'm has a and B those
rebellious kid cells I was like you just
gonna break the rules like that and look
like you have my goddamn great time you
were to me either go wash my face and
deal I'm in the vlog here y'all thank
you so much for joining me on my day
just let you know this weekend I may or
may not vlog I'm doing some secret stuff
so the whole day that I cannot tell you
guys about so it's gonna be really hard
I'll see you though when I see you it's
not this weekend on Monday thank you so
much for joining me let's see how we do
don't forget every day is an opportunity
I can't Wow my voice it might go out
every day is an opportunity to hustle
harder I need to go to bed good night
you
