I'm so tired it hurts come on this plan
we're heading to New York were about to
take off I have nothing to say he says
I'm so tired that flowers sleep I just
met a fan but I can't you know and I'm
glad we're heading to New York I'm
asleep this Hulk like that it's so much
more last night my body is Brooke
here's thing we're flying right we left
at 9 a.m. and we landed and it's
nighttime 602 we're in New York open sky
for an hour and we have 40 minutes to go
an hour and 40 minutes of traffic
y'all are you know my feelings about New
York what are you some work or doing the
thing is pretty outside and staff I'm so
hungry I'm so hungry I'm so tired pretty
and I would like to say that my team has
scheduled a 9:00 a.m. meeting for
tomorrow
I didn't I know you didn't do it but
you're the closest person to me so I'm
gonna take it out on you these are the
things we need to flag okay I'll never
have a problem working hard but early
well actually early I can deal with cold
I can have when the worst of me knows if
it's cold
Lily's gonna shut down so I'm just like
why why I have nothing
after why don't we just have eleven why
nine what why do people do 9:00 a.m.
what's with this time of 9:00 a.m. who
would mend in nine am whatever things
nine am is a good time for anything I
don't think we're ever gonna get along
me I'm like at your house and I try to
be hey can I go to sleep later than you
but I was good after Spain remember and
then what Efrain ah I'm gonna get back
to that cuz I like dinner what F me up
was that one day that I won't know what
effort was moving until 3:00 a.m. that
day what was the other thing the book oh
yeah yeah so moving after me over and
then the book after me over and then
that's a screw dog is proud of that was
so good now I'm just like 1 p.m.
whoa what I'm trying it back to that cuz
I liked it wheeze a new yoke and this is
the traffic NASCAR speed right here
happening
and they're off they're speeding away in
100 place on their first lap estimated
time 700 hours
Lucien Kyle goons are in this bracelet
is in German and they're slightly three
centimeters ahead where they were before
oh my god this is exhilarating this is
exhilarating this is amazing Oh Daesan
we have the brake lights on and nothing
is happening
stand by Oh ladies and gentleman we'll
be here all night this elevator music so
New York is really pretty right now
because it's all Christmassy and there's
lights and stuff but there's one minor
little detail that's preventing as we're
outside
it's freezing it's cold keys not that
cool there's no snow but it's cold it's
like my nips would freeze like my name's
will get hurt it's a thing they don't
cut glass don't cut my shirt my shirt
would rip right you know I'm talking
about you know talking about you know
I'm talking about HR HR HR everyone has
nipples come on now we just ordered room
service I am so hungry I also believe
Kyle is very very hungry I'm so I
ordered mac and cheese I can't tell you
how I'm gonna make it up does mac and
cheese in fact this is what I'm gonna do
with a mac and cheese
that's kiddy dough cheese will be flying
through this D me over here you don't
want to see what happens when the fries
come oh yeah I think I hurt my leg oh my
God my party isn't so much of a bun oh
my god oh my hold up oh my gosh
okay okay I did get it
I'm nacho platter it looks like he's
like nachos before
Oh dad she's kicked oh okay so fine
could be your lockscreen uh-huh I
literally react to no person like I
reacted food this is like a relationship
because anytime I'm in a relationship if
I cheesecake showed up or something
showed up I'm like yo I no longer love
you to him I'm okay with that so you may
or may not have heard that I am Beyonce
because YouTube rewind game on today it
was killing me because it came along I
was on a flight I landed all the tweets
are like question do you think Beyonce
has braids like that shado
I think Beyonce is authentically
yourself and I am as well that's right
but I got to play Beyonce from holder
when I want to take with us for so long
because it was so fun to shoot and I'm
pretty sure I had some banked footage if
I do it you'll see it right after I act
to this and you can see the body things
but I'm gonna I'm gonna react to live
reaction
oh my god I have them in the rain
dancing - coming up again oh I place a
show to YouTube because I I love my
partner all my friends are so sick
everyone is so good all my friends
killed but I've been so excited that
they let me play Beyonce I'm really
really happy my thank you - I love you
let me tell you my sad what he's asking
me how I didn't fall
I was rigged I was literally attached to
the wooden structure so I would have
fall
imma throw it to the BTS from that day
so I can't find footage cuz I'm an idiot
I'm a stupid person this is this is what
a stupid person looks like can you
please put an arrow here put it to me
saying stupid person it might be on my
computer at home I'm gonna check when I
get back I'm in New York right now as
you know but I hope I have it cuz it's
so cool I was like rigged onto the thing
and floating it was really really pretty
cool and I'm sorry I don't have it right
now because I'm a bad person really
counting on that footage to make this
vlog long and interesting but now I have
to do something else okay let's go you
are beautiful in every single way
but camping meetin ya you look
horrendous literally terrifying
absolutely terrifying the beauty friends
we do have really good skin so no not
even know what that cameras ever since
you guys do you like when white people
go out in the Sun and escaped at
speeding when you're Santa Claus and
your beard is I can help when you're
nice made one of those paper snowflakes
in class and you put a live in your face
when they gave you the wet wipe on the
plane and you started a bleep in your
face but that's not matter if you when
you can't find foundation that measure
just you but that's it I'm hobbies shed
a layer of the skin on your face but
that's none of my business
the dedication of you laughing you try
to keep this on your face is everything
right
that goes up on your opera not yours
coming to a theater near you
the mommy the Beyonce of you to look
just like her
oh wait I'll show you there no there's
nothing with fun oh are you getting
turned on honey I know but you can't he
lost everything what he was gonna say
Marie knows that I'm trying to be wipers
but this is not lawful that's what you
were trying to say I read your dirty
sick mind you're gonna find tolet right
there NYC thanks for joining me on today
I don't know if this bog was weird I
woke up and then I landed and it was
nighttime and I don't know what happened
and then I lost footage and all the
things happen
I'm not excited tomorrow I am to do
collaborations the secret so I'm gonna
fly view a little bit again not why but
you know who run away for a bit
I'm also I also have a meeting in the
morning and then it's pretty much
meeting it should usually I'm also at
least in class today today everything
Club I actually really really like this
club I mean I like all my class but this
club is like really good I really
freakin like it hope you had a wonderful
day
thank you for joining me on my journeys
I'm my face feels hella nice though
alright Casper issues don't ya
I'm gonna go to bed I'll chat more
through tomorrow and tomorrow I'll try
to show you some of New York with all
the lights and stuff like that cool
because tomorrow we're also going to
wait powers tomorrow the show the day
after tomorrow I'm gonna also go to
todrick show which I'm very excited
about but we'll chat more about that
tomorrow and tell them if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe holla
there are learning like I love you Hoda
these work on your phone do you wanna
watch my last nugget there now main
channel videos are there and make sure
you subscribe right there ha
