I have an itch
it was our last day in Madrid we're
gonna enjoy the day make sure it's a
great day because we were blessed to
have these opportunities but I'd be
lying if I said I didn't have a
ginormous itch to get back to work
I just woke up today and I was like you
know what I've done nothing for the past
three days I did nothing I've spent some
great quality family time I've seen a
lot of great places but you all normal
workaholic and I'm not saying that as if
it's like a positive big or negative
thing it's just a fact I'm a workaholic
and for me to have taken a back seat
these past few days you know has been
nice but now I'm kind of like getting
anxiety and getting stressed because I'm
looking at my inbox and there's the
twelve claps and there's so many things
I need to do that I should be working on
but I'm not and that's okay
I'm not saying it's bad but I'm just
saying I'm now ready like I woke up
being like I'm ready like I already
wrote my video for Monday that's how
ready I like wrote it in my sleep like
what I was I just I'm ready to get back
to work and it's itching me and I I'm
excited for that and I also like I have
to move just so many things that require
my attention so I've had a great time we
were going to draw our last day but I'm
so ready to get back to work and
hopefully this mentality maintains when
I got on the plane and I don't sleep for
12 hours although he's tricky because if
I don't sleep a little bit I'll have to
be up for 24 hours to keep up with the
time zone changes I've essentially I'm
going to live Saturday twice so a lot of
things going through my mind but it's a
good day we're blessed we're privileged
people and we should use our blessings
to have a great day and my goal for
today is cuz yesterday on Twitter let's
talk about this real quick I'm sorry I
always do these breeding grants I don't
know what the time around it's just like
I feel like you're my friend and this is
that's how I like treat people my
friends when I see them like blah but
when I reply to people on Twitter I just
this is really important me to talk
about when I reply to people on Twitter
I'm not always like behind my phone be
like oh I'm gonna totally right that's I
I know I act sass you sometimes and I
come off like that but usually when I
respond to people on to her I'm actually
quite calm and being genuine I know
sometimes on Twitter it's hard to read
people's tone but I wanna be honest with
you I really am NOT a fan of what I
tweet something to someone even if it's
me genuinely standing up for something I
believe that everyone's like yes drag
them kill like I it doesn't have to be
that aggressive I don't want you to
attack people when I tweet them I
respond to them it doesn't make me feel
good because yesterday
had this little bit of a back-and-forth
with a girl and none of it was hostile I
was genuinely like hey this is what I
meant and I feel like we can be friends
for girl loving Jean she was being
pretty rude back but I genuine like if
you would saw me in person responding I
would have been like hey like I hope he
can be friends I was very calm and I
just was getting a little frustrated
because I was like oh I'm sure I went on
Twitter thinking this is like a thing
that I'm trying to like drag someone but
I'm not like I have not so that's my two
cents but today the goal is to be better
than I was yesterday and experience a
great day so that's we're gonna do this
is one or three minute intro I'm so
sorry
leggo when a park is called park call me
see if I can pronounce it it's called
she prepared this park to a little
saddle potato something that's the park
is that's so weird
another glorious day also I don't think
I mentioned before maybe I did I
probably did but it's supposed to rain
like every day we're here it has written
once because they know it's mom's
birthday
all right so he rented a boat we're
gonna roll on one of these boats my
dad's arm doesn't work so such as my mom
and I to row this boat I was in this
predicament once before and I didn't get
very far so on then we can do the one
hand was going circles
all right so in the middle I wrote all
this way I just want to let you know I
wrote all this way and now we're here
he's switching dad where you sitting we
are not we are not what I am on a boat
and I am saving Whitney more damn and me
set big fish falling from the sky and I
can't other words something tonight
something something oh my god you guys
are fighting in the back of my vlog note
to self add nice music in the background
one get own sit big fat fish
Finding Nemo under the sea under the sea
under the sea
eating fish eat the dirty ND squid then
and the octopus wait L damn hey hands or
legs or tentacle LD tentacle damn me sit
in a DVF in a divorcee Rudie boi Rudie
bored given one right now give number
one that was my that was my arm workout
for a month for the entire month fine
fun fun fun last no I don't we have one
go there
how beautiful is this place so cool I
love that and this time it looks like
someone riding a horse locked
Magneto's everything here's not mad deal
cuz I know if you can see like in the
top here all this stuff is so detailed
damn detail did you saw that right you
saw that pigeon food right from my head
you saw that right I almost died and got
it on you saw that though right I was
just minding my that pigeon came right
for my eyeball I'm an embarrassment I'm
good at aiming and throwing and all that
stuff but he was jumping you know I
people it took for me to get up here
he's not even that high to climb up here
took a lot of people in right Here I am
this cool thing created oh oh my god we
just found giant broccoli this is
amazing
and look at this tree it's so cool
it giant broccolis things like this I
love I love things like this the Slovaks
look at this jury let's treat hilarious
look at my dad I call my dad first of
all look at this guy look at this guy
some of your shoe look at all these
broccoli there's so many probably is
everywhere for god oh my god pretty
freaking cool
Fuji's welcome
Love Wins even in Spain
you what's up we just went did some
sightseeing rode a boat no problem
casual Tings ate at the same place we
got yesterday because we're boring
people we don't like change and it was a
good restaurant just ok ok good and now
we're gonna chill for a little bit and
then want to go shopping you've pretty
much seen almost everything close by in
Madrid so now we're gonna do go shopping
you know you know by changing room we
bought all of the things all of the
things have been bought
everything's been bought outside my
hotel were three lovely adorable fans
and they were so polite that's the issue
I like they were so polite they won't
meet these letters I'm gonna read them
right now well it isn't polite yeah
shaking oh my god I know this and
they're just so polite in common I was
like I appreciate you so much
suddenly read the letters one of their
names was Carlos and the other was Jose
and the way I think the girl's name was
Lorena I couldn't quite understand but
there was a girl there as well I'm gonna
be doing this right now so don't Bowl is
this the type of stuff I love because I
mean it just I just this is if I was to
be known for anything I would I would
want to be known for this isn't Jose is
that okay
it says the thing I really appreciate
about you is that you show you sorry I
really what I really appreciate about
you is that you show everybody all the
time you spend previous to a huge result
you've really shown me that there is no
elevator to success you have to take the
stairs I was to be known for anything
I'd want it to be this so Jose thank you
so much that means a lot give beautiful
writing also mom yes yes yes I'm home
tomorrow
yes excited oh yeah sure yeah why not
I have to work to you right you have to
work to hmm
you have a good trap yes excellent day
sure yes muchas gracias
love dad two sons in the background yeah
muchas gracias thank you thanks for
being kind to a Spain Barcelona Madrid
and all the people at San high - I know
I'm very impressed with architecture my
god architecture yes yeah people
beautiful beautiful
everything is beulah everything is so
beautiful
including you even the people I am there
too but this is like they're very polite
and nice and Lily was such a great host
oh don't stop it yeah every second cue
card I gave you
oh stop it no no later oh stop it she
took us everywhere oh you know and we
and we didn't fight with each other not
even once
oh that's true not even one not even
once meditation and he wake up every
morning early my mom let me just say let
me just say what I told my mom about
this trip okay I was so excited I
facetimed I planned this whole thing you
know what this woman's reaction was the
first thing oh you know you're not gonna
wake up when I wake up you're gonna
other do you have and then the second
thing she says you know I don't know if
you'll be able to walk that far you
think I shall walk and wake up and I
woke up every day
bloody 8 a.m. right yes oh that's right
that's right
she walk everything that's right I did
that's right I did even though she was
dragging herself she that's not true I
went to better like 10:30 p.m. every day
we were 8 I completely adapted to your
schedule
I'm a bum cos I'm a Google coz right no
toilet oh I'm getting sick you know I'm
going take a hot shower right now show
my boobs to the world again over there
tomorrow
it's very interesting because I'm not
going to vlog tomorrow but I'm gonna
live Saturday twice so I guess I will
vlog on my second Saturday so if at
times are but often the vlogs are a bit
like all-4-one gets missed or whatever
that's why it's cuz I'm trying to now
get back on the L at the North American
la / Toronto you know the not same time
zone ish area so yeah that's what's
poppin thank you for joining me on my
Spain adventures it means a lot to me
and I hope you got a great time
hello thanks for joining me I hope you
had a great day and we and we get back
to work look if you don't work yet yeah
babe we gotta get into some work I do
some work if you liked it subscribe if
you like it subscribe if you like your
pre-order bus the timing sorry if you
like it subscribe how to be a boss
better so I have this thing where when
we're in front of things like this I
can't let people take selfies like I'm
looking at someone in there trying to
take a selfie of it I just know it's not
gonna turn out well so I like seco
people I go to like I can take a picture
for you look I have to take the picture
of people because I know this hope he's
not dead you're not good it's just like
a pet peeve ahead of like I need to take
this picture for you please let me date
