yup
it is our last day in Barcelona because
tomorrow morning we are going to Madrid
so today we're going to park I don't
know pronounce a gue L dialogue girl oh
yeah yeah and then after that we're
going to a show and we're gonna check
out the first place Gaudi made so got a
few things to do today I'm very excited
one breaks up with the show actually
I've seen it before it's so good but we
have a packed schedule so we're gonna
leave enjoy last day and Barcelona are
we excited yes yeah
you know I'm gonna say you know must say
you know I'm safe this is this is
begging for a montage
so I saw this cool thing has lines
around it
so next I'm blind I'm on top of this
lion is the kill from walking dead we
have to clear this line I'm on top of it
and walk a lot I'm pretty terrified I
don't know how I'm getting down this is
really super slippery and my dad had to
help me up here and now I feel I have to
live up here and I have to like make my
videos from up here because I don't know
how I'm going down so I'm just basically
that person that's like like I'm the
lion and I can't get down when anything
for the grand oh good looking we're back
in the hotel eating some grilled cheese
and fries before our dinner home which
is in three hours and I said dinner I'm
stuck I'm stuck a dinner and a show
oh my god we just saw the first place
that first house gaudy ever made and it
was dope man was kind of a genius no big
deal havin are we gonna show up a while
and then we have Showtime deja vu
because I went here with Kentucky the
same place not allowed to record the
show but we're going to enjoy its
flamenco show he's a cute fact my mom
thought it was flamingo and it was gonna
be Birds and I would have done the same
thing to me as if I wasn't here already
was well we enjoyed this show every time
I said cha-cha-cha to flamenco show good
job
so the notice record last in the last
couple minutes of the show the last
record which is cool and now engine I
will put a second and roll I'm in Oriole
I'm using vanilla mango hey we're being
pigs having a good time here a couple
SEC's Sephora kill the game so we're
following the election and the second
part is in 7 hours a new president
decides will be asleep because the time
we're friends so obviously but not know
until I wake up tomorrow morning who the
new president is and even though we're
Canadian it's still a big deal because I
think we all if you're not living in
America you live anywhere still kind of
watch this like please humanity and also
like I live there there's several
reasons
we're neighbors yes I also live there
and also unified didn't develop anywhere
else in the world I've watched the same
way because just like y'all Humanity
come on Leslie nosy good yo yo yo how
much I want today I don't really
remember I kind of just enjoyed the day
but I want to go to bed and hopefully
wake up to a president that believes in
unity and makes her story not history
but her story that is what I'm hoping
and tomorrow we also have to Madrid and
so I don't have Madrid as pandal as a
hat Barcelona but I have some ideas of
what we're gonna do and we're there for
about three days and I'm really excited
because merge is that's just somewhere
I've never been barcelona I've been to
before my Drive never bends doesn't mean
you for me as well would you be very
very cool
um but thanks for joining me in today
hope you had a great day in order what
happens in the world know that the
answer is always gonna be love and unity
and nice people is always gonna be the
solution I don't care who thinks that's
naive work hard be nice to people
those the keys to success with that I'm
gonna go to bed if you like it subscribe
if you like it subscribe there's the
structure here where when I google there
people taking pictures on it and now
they blocked it off for a good reason
because people would climb to the top
but it would be a sick picture to check
this out this is art piece and like I
saw a guy that climbed all over to top
now it's blocked off but like he stood
there if you fall you die like you fall
off the mountain so like I understand
why is blocked off I'm just like I want
to go up there I'm a-gonna what I'm just
saying it's so cool that this is
published created before the Instagram
was created or else no one would build
something like that in today's day and
age doesn't know mad people died but
don't
