Oh less pain
it's literally been like 10 minutes
since I ended my last vlog but we took
showers I cleaned my bum and now I'm
gonna go check out Barcelona this the
vibes we're gonna eat there's a street
called las ramblas I think is what's
called it we're gonna check the lembeh
okay mom knows the vibes all right let's
go market not made feel claustrophobic
for sure it is
merkat st. Joseph Lepore ya know says
merkat we're like a stupid English
tourists that are so like Dahmer's like
Saint Joseph Berea okay I recognize this
place I came here last time with Rick
with Contiki it's the same place missed
algea all this
leave me here leave me here forever
this place is begging from montage leggo
and being racist towards myself
much
Joker's fruit
all right so this is pla√ßa reial and
this is all the ways to say words wrong
and I'm gonna eat here because
apparently when it gets dark it's really
really pretty here the weather's not
that bad we got lucky have a little bit
of a headache but I'm gonna pretend like
I don't
that's eat tapas tapas whoo souvenirs
it just had some yummy risotto and it
was so yummy in my tummy but not jet lag
is hitting me and I didn't get a lot of
sleep and now I'm like this is what I'm
like what am I like I'm like one more
time for people in the back I'm like
just got back at 6:30 p.m. and I'm so
tired everybody go to sleep at 6:30 p.m.
right now I'm looking in the blog I'm
gonna come over tomorrow so stay tuned
for that
good morning talk about a effed up sleep
schedule I would've at 6:30 p.m. and I
woke up by midnight and went back to bed
and look about 5:00 a.m. and I haven't
slept since Chris had breakfast and
we're ready to take on Barcelona and
today we are going to see a lot of the
sights I have a whole map planned out of
what we're gonna see and that's this
crack-a-lackin' excited imma yes
packing umbrella but my mom is packing
an umbrella just in case it rains and
what else is supposed to rain but so far
we're lucky cuz look good look good look
look look look look look look
are you watching my videos dad we've
explained that this is awkward montjuic
module and after an ordering cable car
drinks I needed there's me so old and
historic God symbolic of all my
relationships this is very Game of
Thrones a very very Game of Thrones we
try to attack and close the door whoa
this is cool
it's chillin scan right here let's try
this don't you
oh well everybody got hella close right
dirt the best part is my parents
attempted to take dog posters of me for
Instagram because her glasses on every
time and I'm trying to teach them like
don't cut this frame do this and they're
doing so well I also couldn't get up
here myself you know you remember the
vlog from the ball pit I can get down I
can get down to work my dad had to boost
me up it was in person oh I have no hops
I'll admit it moments like this I know
you're not going able to see the view
how I see it but this is one angle of it
I know this looks a little dust there's
all little houses maybe I can find a
better angle later but for now I'm just
gonna enjoy it with my eyes watched on
this cable car ride I'm excited to do
some sick views that you're probably all
seen the vlogging cam but hey promise
are cool views mad views vandalism right
here y'all
chill AF
strap chillin
so we're like all right before we go to
the next place or something something
really super small to you nothing too
filling we order stuff I get this plate
of pasta this ginormous salad my mom I
look at this burger right here this is
our version of something small all these
meals made to see you like three people
each I love it
all right two things one I'm in love
with the Spanish accent - everyone is so
nice to everyone I've stopped to be like
hi I'm loves can you help me get from
here to here
they're like over the top nice willing
to help me do anything they're so cool I
love the people here mmm yeah yeah
everyone everyone's so friendly I love
it very similar to Canadian yes
so they're gonna familiar also familiar
okay then
now to support the musicians over back
we just did a lot of walking a lot of
walking up more than I walk in my entire
lineup on the walk today I bought these
two shoes since running gogo and one of
the girls there watched my videos that
you so sweet they're handmade like
cruelty-free shoes aren't these so dope
like aren't they really cute and there's
the girl so that there's a girl there
and if that has the boy and it says I
picked flowers just for you and then
when you put them together that's really
cool right I think they're so cute
and she'll forbid that we have dinner
but basking the ambience of my new shoes
oh they're so soft - I like it combo do
you like these shoes or am I just crazy
am i whack let me know it's 9:00 p.m. it
might as well before I am I'm so tired
we walked so much it's so many things
today it was such a great day so so many
awesome things tomorrow we're going on a
date or a private date or I'm two months
Monserrat I guess it's months with I'm
gonna your thanks so much for
joining me on today I hope you had a
great day we're having a blast here in
Barcelona in the weather is on our side
which is great news my telephone man I
will continue tomorrow my head's hurting
a little bit a little bit if you like it
subscribe if you like it subscribe when
you're lazy but your mom is hellephant
she always chooses walking over
escalators or anything she's still fit
like that and I'm just like
she'll get them for us
