it's November 1st Merry Christmas
what's up Halloween is over the
shenanigans are done I would just like
to say that yesterday's vlog with us
taking not a trick or treating it's
quite possibly the best thing I've ever
done in my life
awesome I feel like a genius i watch the
vlog I was dying it was so hilarious it
was dope but today what we're gonna do
is I don't have that heavy of a day
which means I get to make my day very
heavy by doing all this stuff I haven't
done previously so I'm going to let me
just show you the status of my room
right now not like you don't know but
the status of my room is ridiculous with
the packing all I need to do by suitcase
my suitcase is totally cracked and it's
not gonna survive another trip and my
mom fully said to me do you want me to
get you a suitcase because I don't think
I have time and I was like mom stop
nagging me okay I'm totally enough that
I totally forgot I know I gotta get a
suitcase unpacked do finish off my
laundry pack because tomorrow went to
Vancouver for a wee day yeah it's been a
while since I've been to Vancouver
actually hate to see you I was last time
and then after that I'm going to Toronto
and then the next day we're going to
Spain and I still haven't decided if I'm
gonna vlog during that but I will let
you know might might not cousin take my
parents on a vacation
I don't want to be about them but I've
decided yet we'll see was it that's the
crack laughing I gotta write some stuff
go do some emails there do some work
then have a massage book for later
how about what did you do today besides
being awesome my friend we gonna work
right right right right complaint
that's what's that write and plan write
and plan right it could be a two-step
right okay have a problem you know like
I cleared it all up let's find all these
clothes on that hangers every time I
clean my room
I need more hangers I'm like that's kind
of problematic right that must mean then
I get a lot more clothes over and over
and over and over again I mean it's a
personal problem and I'm blessed but
just like I can't fit no more into this
closet so and in Toronto when this
happened that's why I had the pile of
clothes in the corner I don't want to do
that right now so yeah no take a shower
wash my hair wearing my Invisalign
I picked yellow I know this is a crucial
decision and every time you're like yo I
can't sleep by night had nothing I don't
know what color the lease house and
towel is nuts every time I'm trying to
say something important I always stutter
and
yeah but now you know yellow is the
color remember back the day when you
thought the towel is to make a
difference thank you this chapter about
that in my book by the way home and I
are doing this thing we're trying to eat
meals although maybe it's the new for me
and normal for you I'm trying to eat
meals not just like crap go today so got
some pad thai look at this this is very
adult of us I feel steamed vegetable
that's right yeah water
ah I'm drinking that I'm an adult
the time is 746 I just a lot of work
personal work though basically planning
the vacation I'm taking my mom on as I
was just listening to humble the samba
am I allowed to say that you're also
taking your hammer impatient yes I'm
taking my family to Kenya so we're both
kind of going to the same thing which is
like trying to make things as well I
mean I'm trying to make things as
organized as possible
I think humble sisters are hurt oh yeah
so we're Lilly's doing all the
organizing for her trip I'm asking my
sister said you're mine because the
girls are better and when you
acknowledge the girls are better you can
get them to do more work
it hurts to disagree with that but you
know I'm all about equality
yeah I've been planning a lot because
you know my parents they're very my mom
specifically she's very like
everything's be organized and everything
needs to be like she always finds things
to stress about so I'm trying to take
away every element she could possibly
stress about you know everything
organized I'm still going on I still
have a lot of work to do but I have a
massage book it's actually like I think
compliments of sooth which is really
cool so I'm gonna go do that
I'll see you a little in a little bit
but may just sound such a funny thought
imagine we were so cheap we're like
halfway doing massage she's afraid
yeah I started like slithering off the
table that's quality thinking you know
uh-huh
he's a good man that one that one my
masseuse I died fell asleep I like
knocked out so hard during that massage
and I'm like what time is it breath not
that late at all thing 9 or something
either going you conquer the world
good yeah every time I have massage
always calm put things out to do in my
brain and then I can never write them
down so I'm like trying to remember I
know dude my massage I was like remember
do these two things yeah that's the way
I do during a massage time I get to do a
list go
I want everyone right now to tweet
Madilyn Bailey I let her know that she's
changed me because guess who I just got
from Chipotle not a rice bowl but a
burrito because of our burrito challenge
she's changing Maddie you changed me
look how big these burritos are and I'm
going to attack are still laughing at
yesterday's vlog or watching it right
now and now we're gonna do a humbling
movie react as the movement blogs right
here the time I took my daughter
trick-or-treating we're gonna wind a
little bit we're gonna go to the first
house okay trying to tell the joke is my
favorite prey Kenya time
you got further good forth like this oh
god it's so good it's so good you guys
got it here humbles fatherly instincts
kicking okay
they're good
we're trying to be an actor okay so
after this the guys shut it off
do you a child daddy come on - good
you know what's crack-a-lackin' what's
crack like you good you good you good
the time is 1:00 a.m. I just finished
writing a book chapter and you probably
like why you reading a book chapter
didn't finish a book I'll support my
pimple ignore that I to write one more
chapter for something just something
can't tell you what to something so I
finished chapter my book I planned out
the vacation for my parents to the month
the FNT can i brag about this real quick
for a second so like I mentioned I want
my parents don't watch this bug it's ok
whatever I want my mom to not stress
about anything she needs a extreme
amount of organization to do so so I
have literally routed out based on
everything she said she want to see like
Google map of like the route will take
how long does it take to walk to each
place from each place like to the peas
to the one not to the cube not to the
art to that II all right I'm all packed
and ready to go to Vancouver then after
that to Spain and now we're gonna just
sit on the look at this clean washroom
my hair turn tuck will a very productive
day I got a lot of work done I have a
couple more things I just had a brain
fart a couple I have a couple mornings
during the plane which is gonna piss
Kyle always works on the plane and I
always feel back as I was sleep like I
was trained my brain to sleep on planes
but hopefully tomorrow I can do a little
bit of work on the plane and then we're
going for weeding and you know I love me
some weed a if I got my airplane outfit
on as you know the regs the regs I'm
more to bed sleep for a few hours at the
airport thanks for joining me on today
and I hope you had a great day as always
but if you have a great dinner why don't
I every day can be great we can decide
to make tomorrow great that's what you
should do
I love the fake you say remember if you
come to any we date these are figure
will always these are features will
always be on sale I'm tired my brain is
shutting down okay I'm gonna go and
tomorrow we go to Vancouver if you like
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
this is terrifying this is absolutely
terrifying
why do I where are you supposed to be
looking from I don't know
can you see
