I have a dope idea we have a heart of
productivity lives there true no teacher
referent how are you productive day I
finished the shoe but it's a secret
shoot so I can't tell you about it but
the rest of the day here's what we're
doing just a really fun blog segment
that's very relevant to today because
I'm releasing a back-to-school themed
video go to glue super 60 I got to a
call with WV record a song for the shoot
I'm doing tomorrow finish a script for
the shoot I'm due tomorrow and hopefully
drink some damn water let's do it what's
your mission for today so we have a
double video shoot tomorrow and we've
been spending a lot on shoes like a
little more than I'd like
and tomorrow's a school themed video so
I don't want to buy all of our props
right now and here's the challenge it's
all gonna be super cheap because this is
Mike I'm shopping my kind of shopping
let's splurge
there's no way tying off 499th cake
what's in this boat right now would 90%
plastic 199 amazing new value bloody
rippa false advertisement boy good night
where's my lawyer Kyle told me because
some antifungal cream was at that the
end if I'm looking for Kyle for his butt
rash you've been able to 99 changed the
store name what the hell it's a
deodorant but it's this teen spirit you
know what that means right Eames this
means like you nasty
you smell like weed and like sperm this
is for you this is my life it's like
this but you missed you I treated this
the other day and someone not all teens
are like this I'm a combat my
generalizing but also yes what
shoutout to all my new zealand fans I
see you baby my life
like life
like zesty Italian is actually $0.99 I
shook that's a deal
but I would run I would walk them
I would 100% Werther's and that backpack
team super merchandising a cup we think
that I cost them $29.99 to make that's
why the backpacks $50
Jojo secured a bad girl I support a girl
oh look at this
for crayons one sticker sheet 24 page
fun size coloring book Jojo 99-cent
store and realized like money money
money what is this what Jesus sacrificed
his life for to be sold for 99 cents as
candle I'll say two but have a dope idea
I'm gonna get this bag it's 99 cents
1970 - check Oh spore and I need up
these damn store imma buy just $4.99 bag
right here from the 99-cent store I'm
not doing a really nice Instagram
picture with it now I'm gonna see how
many people I can convince that it's
Prada Gucci going that the power of the
social medias that's like it's a it's a
trash man with the net this is a great
idea I need to get this thing
I have these and I paid way more than
ninety nine cents was like three none
you know each type of scenario so this
is a steal it's August and this whole
aisle is Halloween stuff consumerism
giving us like Kyle's office boy is
introduced for me this is to have it too
quick twist braids we're gonna see about
that out and water alright so
I'm back home I'm not oh a photo
shoot with my new bag so I've put on a
blazer a little fancy wash a little ring
do eye makeup a little bit orchestrating
a set let me show you so I got my drink
matching my blazer matching my watch my
watch is also not fancy my ring is also
fake I got Scarborough we're gonna put
the bag sideways so you can't see if
there's a logo or not we're going to get
fabulous pictures that's my hair help me
oh oh Scarborough hey before we go
through all the stuff about from the
99-cent store I came my new favorite
place video today's is back-to-school
kids versus adults and it couldn't be
more accurate because there's a kid i
legit did lay out my clothes all the
time I got ironing my underwear and crap
and then you know I was like you know
I'm wear the same clothes this whole
semester big mother effing mood okay so
I'm about to post my picture here and
the caption says out here doing doing
the most and orchestrating an extra as a
photo shoot because I got my first
designer bag I don't usually indulge but
your girl got a product can't wait to
find out how and tomorrow's blog the
purpose of this is not to betray your
trust I hope you don't think that's that
but it's to show you that you shouldn't
you should critically think what the
things you see online can't accept
everything at face value I know there's
Twitter moments and all these things
that are presented as facts but you
shouldn't believe everything and also
you shouldn't feel bad when you see
people posting on social media and feel
jealous be like I'm my life's not that
because everyone just showing all these
things that are like the highlights of
their life and it's not always a real
representation of what's going on and so
it's not that the people post you have
to change but your your the way you view
things you know and just be critical I'm
gonna post this I'm putting the can't
wait till you find out in tomorrow's
vlog because I hope some news outlet
doesn't be like that's fake it creates a
whole article about it
so let's see how many people believe
this OOP 228 likes some of the comments
underneath my post so far you did that
you snatched it looks awesome it's all
kind of class
suits you you better work it damn much
it was for real me not a single person
so far has questioned this and I get it
y'all trust me it was just good you
should trust me again generally I don't
like lying I don't like lying on and try
to show the real me on social media but
this is an example just critically
thinking I can't wait till y'all
like oh this whole so it's time to do a
99-cent store haul which I am shocked at
how excited I was by the things I found
I found some really cute things are you
ready okay up first this is so me and
I'm so embarrassed that it sold me but
as soon as I saw this I was like I love
is a backpack it was $2.99 it's very
basic let's see the zipper even works
wait wait guys it was a basic for that
it's so cute it's a doggy look and I can
put all the Scarborough's things in here
every time I have to travel somewhere I
need Scarborough's like a billion things
this will be Scarborough's official bag
ah uh-huh
second thing is I got this notebook oh
how the graphic reminds just simply me
illogical who did this made me laugh cuz
I was like a lot better DJ Canon got
none of this royalty but it says wild
thoughts which means I can write down
all my crazy ideas I have the mill the
night so like I can wake up right now
Vic oh my god what a crazy idea and
write down like commitment we got sweet
shop for scented bauble markers
I am very hesitant to believe that these
actually smell like anything considering
there were 99 cents well we gonna find
out like well the 99-cent store the
packaging so cheap everything open real
easy I enjoy that I enjoy that I enjoy
that hey hey why did piglet look in the
toilet to find poo there's a laughing
one a blessing one I don't know what
this expression is to be honest and love
thee one oh that had you smells bomb as
hell oh this is gonna become an
addiction real quick what's this one
yellow oh no it's so bad why don't you
smell you it's really bad oh what's up
why is it so bad it's me it's horrible I
can't stop
it's like roadkill roadkill was a smell
I don't even know what that that's bad
oh that ball that ball I am shocked that
these smells so good okay God green one
isn't even be like a line
or Apple or something it's Lyme not a
fan all of these ones were good except
for this one this little blush one was
not there I'm not gonna smell this one
again I hate it drink game cards now
dare if playing cards for adults only oh
well let's see what it says I mean how
bad could these be at the 99-cent store
come on the manager I got just today is
already ruined if that isn't the
scenario every single goddamn time I get
a manicure why is this so hard this is
not following the diner guidance and
package rule god damn it there's
literally a knife right there I can just
get up but I refuse I refuse I will open
you I will succeed wait you don't before
I do this it's so bad
cheers your face pick a card if you dare
Oh
oh my god okay oh never mind these are
just blank ones I thought they were all
blank like this awesome you got to be
kidding me I have to write the game but
that's just a few of them there's
somebody here okay drink if you have
your legs crossed
okay soft my legs are not crossed right
now this is the game that we're gonna
not get drunk if you're wearing lipstick
no if you're wearing pink no you have
kissed the same sex me and my friends
would get drunk think that if you have a
tattoo you can't show no if you have
blue eyes no if you've asked a stranger
to buy you a drink you know what I've
bought strangers drink okay I'm a boss
lady if you are drinking beer no if
you're not wearing underwear not like
underwear you can't do a sexy dance
please I can just so many sexy dances
you've dated someone with a hairy chest
I don't think so wearing jeans no no no
no you can't swim that's the card game
great great great dick I love the giant
eraser that says delete I don't even
want it to erase things I just want to
throw it at people's heads when they
annoy me right up just like you need to
not exist anymore for example my
favorite thing about today is this I
don't know what it is above I'm such a
child
I love hydrants like this so this isn't
be perfect let me show you exactly what
I'm gonna do is there if you're not
subscribed yet you got
here let me show you what I'm gonna do
okay brown horse in the world what do
you have a compartment up in your friend
ketchups that you collected and you have
nowhere to put them
this is my official packet of ketchup
holder my pack of ketchup holder all the
ketchups are gonna go in here look at
this look at this oh it's so good oh my
god this is the best thing oh that's an
in-and-out saw some animal styles are
boom boom boom boom boom there it is
this in my fridge is gonna be the
official sauce packet holder go ahead
and subscribe because I'm a genius and I
changed your life the last thing I
bought I bought simply because because
I'm like there's no way no way this can
work okay it is a quick twist
umm thingamabob er and it says it
creates twisty braids and I'm like you
sure it was goddamn $2.99 so we will see
what this is all about no that's all
okay what do we do how do we do this
what's happening push the button to
raise the clasp it what God it's a lot
of things come with batteries have
batteries Oh screw Oh God take a strand
of hair write it into two it says insert
hair into the thingamabob okay sleep
sweet okay oh this can't be
it's that's a twist place okay okay so
okay it's kind of doing it but it also
happy of the turn of my hat but is it
cute
am i cute I don't think it's cute so
look is this a mood to survive what do
you think how do I get my hair out of
this okay now would you would you double
tap this this is interesting I don't
know about this it seems kind of useless
not sure about this one otherwise super
thrilled with everything else everything
else except that damn marker okay it is
10:30 6 p.m. I can't I can't stop now we
gotta shoot some spice new what's up
okay so I couldn't record spice news
because I can't figure out some issue
with my mics we're never pushed that to
tomorrow great great great great great
not great but okay
doctors out there and they're gonna be
like why are you telling us go see a
doctor not a fan of doctors in LA I'm
gonna admit just because I feel like
health care so different from Canada and
so every time I go to a doctor it's like
so easy to give you pills and I want to
give you all of these things on my
desktop just I don't think you forgot
the problem you just give me a bunch of
pills because like the way you could pay
for health care here so I'm gonna wait
until I go back to Canada to figure this
out but I asked for nothing my feet and
hands like different parts of my hand
different parts of my feet get swollen
to the point where it feels like
something bit me but nothing has bitten
me and it happens like three to four
times a week my butt will be swollen a
certain spot of it or my hand will be
sold so right now I'm are you this right
now my hand is swollen I'm documenting
this because when I tell people I think
I'm crazy this isn't my normal hand this
is my other hand so this whole area is
swollen you can see by why don't go like
that it's swollen I don't know if you
can tell that it's it's very swollen and
so it'll just puff up and be swollen
maybe even a little itchy and the itch
doesn't make sense to me but it was home
for a few hours and I'll go away and
then like my finger will be sold for a
few hours and all go away and the bottom
of my foot they'll be a spot we saw them
go away like at what but four times a
week that's what happened any of you
know what this is and I know I'm not
like this is not the best outlet to be
doing this but I just want to know
because of just the experience of how to
doctors in LA I'm going to get a check
that's going to happen but just in case
before that happens you know what this
is please tell me am i dying Wow
pictures came out remember that was
gross that's carry on and what that I am
going to end the vlog shadows everywhere
the show some love to my video back to
school adult versus oh god damn think
that's a really exciting shoes plan for
tomorrow but for today
and I will see you you you tomorrow
tomorrow I'll see you tomorrow it's only
a day away
you
