oops I'm back in LA
look okay ten million really very stated
well you move so morning my child it's
okay cuz today we focus on the positives
I can't hear anything in a very tight go
celebrate truthfully and get back to the
apartment
look what Sterilite go did ten million
and officially because my ears are still
plug and also I'm mourning the death of
my child but really oh we're gonna see a
sick picture I can finally posted my
diamond plaque I'm very excited I'll say
five million on Instagram I feel like my
milestones happened like that like right
at the same time two of them I'm so
happy to be back I'm sorry for this guy
we're gonna be so productive dissolves
only semi productive in Toronto as much
as I could be cause I have to move I
took a shower okay
let's talk for a second I know it's a
positive day I'm trying so hard to be
positive but Edwin Lee I had all these
nightmares last night about the video
that's not gonna come up which means it
meant a lot to me I don't buy some
ridiculous but this video meant a lot to
me I need to officially just get over it
Lily it's fine
things happen this is a lesson it's not
a failure it's a lesson it's a little
bit of a failure but it's a lesson and
just get over it because 10 million is a
huge milestone five million on Instagram
these are just numbers but it's the
people behind the numbers and we have
much to be grateful for and it's okay
then I'm upset it's good to care about
things but we have to learn to let it go
I'm gonna work on it and celebrate the
10 million miss so I am so happy and
grateful for 10 million and also today
is the vlog of the devil
yo-yo I have to close my eyes what what
are you guys doing are you guys doing
this only necessary
what should I kill my baby
have a seat my couch that's white house
that's just the balloon we're gonna go
hit my hand can usefully : can you smell
what your what what that it smells like
fries whether you have conditions yeah
do you have any conditions towards ha
how did you know what does your man have
to look like the rock you know well
what's the condition he has to be what
shirtless you can open your eyes
these french fries have like a
three-minute lifespan the walking dead
sent me this survival a backpack which
I'm very stoked about the front pops you
have that comic
that's right Walking Dead is based off a
comic this backpack by the way is very I
can appreciate this okay let's open it
up that tent which you know we will
build and we will sit inside not as I
would be like yes okay what is this
that's part of the part of the tent I'm
good okay
I thought candy had one of these and I
was so jealous this is the greatest
invention ever so you know those like
external chargers you use to charge your
phone I have a bazillion of them and I
never charge them solar charged on the
dashboard of your car just put it there
and it charges it come on
is that not the best thing ever powered
by the solar charger long-lasting
high-capacity solar charge I love that
it does you know when you're trying to
survive some zombies you need to make
sure cell phone a search very good this
is just for a good time
The Walking Dead I think that as we go
not classes oh yeah small shop but I'll
take it
okay they gave it to emergency shot
glasses I dig that it's so cool oh my
god oh my god this is like a nice
thingamabob er how do I open a knife
part though wait dangerous do you guys
not know for Lana steel I had to become
proficient skittle walkers that's how it
sounds do they do it you know every time
I watch it with captions the word they
use is squelch brain squelches thanks
walking dead now all I have to do is
make me one of your walkers again if you
need an addition edit that they did it
it's walking dead material right here
just saying you want someone to kill
Meighan I'm a girl thank you I met a
secret sure I can't tell you about
hormones you're awful you came because
of IOT but I can't tell you what to do
yeah but there's food so you came but
you'll see soon enough and stuff because
I'm gonna bank the footage and stuff so
yeah bye we back I'm soaking wet from
the shoot and you wash my hair get to
work it's 2:00 a.m. you realize it on
Tron time that's 5:00 a.m. which is good
I'm on right now someone washing my hair
try to do some work until I fall asleep
and then all the tomorrow is buk buk buk
shouts at this type of
down at sunset it was fun man it's dope
it's gonna look dope wait till you see
what it's about
Aussie Cirque so the the moment when I
didn't take a shower and do where I got
to talking to humble and I'm a pretty
waist you is the more of a story right
now I'm gonna bed or like maybe I'll
work until I fall asleep and go to bed
I'm so tired and I'm on that T dot I'm
still tomorrow it's got to be an intense
workday I look like Christmas right now
and intention compels you and intense
workday is the what has gotta be I'm
gonna wash my face go to bed and Thank
You majority man today they're Devils
day but nah there's no devil here
there's only God and positive vibes and
love and to me you're 666 means sick
sick sick sick Toronto the sick side you
already know son that's what's up 10
million subscribers that's what's up 5
million subscribers on Instagram that's
what's up thank so much for these
amazing milestones I appreciate it so so
much and I can't wait for a million more
for the best team that's so supportive
team super like you are amazing and when
I first started 10 million is like
frigging hell I never thought I could
never thought 10 million like that's
that's a lot of money people a lot of
people so thank you so much and I am
dedicated to continue spreading
positivity to man's more people and
change the world for the better with
millions of more people so thank you so
much for being on this journey with me
if you liked it subscribe if you liked
it subscribe there's 12 million more if
you like it subscribe I'm changing this
blog house name to the fattest cow on
the planet because not only do we get
our regular not only doing our regular
ridiculous order but we're an extra
drink on the side the last you know it
is historic you know it is the popcorn
to drink ratio it's important and we
always finish the drink and then we
Epoque when laughing I wanna there in
the middle
yeah
