I just took an amazing poop
good afternoon the time is two something
I woke up a little bit ago I've been
texting and doing work ever since then I
have so many things going on in my brain
admittedly I'm a little bit stressed and
I don't like to start the day like that
but reshooting this video I told you
what yesterday is the bane of my
existence and to be honest it's really
irritating me that I have to go through
this process all over again because it
is so hard to confirm people first
shoots especially shoots that require a
lot of people and I cannot fathom that
it's the second time I'm doing it I'm
just like Miss Monday I got to make a
video I'm trying to balance so many
things I'm trying to do emails do my
video I'm trying to be a good friend and
shows my friends and do things but I
just I can't do things if I have to redo
things it is very frustrating to me but
it's okay because I decided to reshoot
it it was my decision
and I will live up to it because I
wanted to release a quality product so
it is very frustrating though um the
second thing I want to talk about was
okay so I've always felt and this would
be like a little boring for you but I
hope not because I think my life is kind
of really super interesting in the sense
that I'm like in this middle area like
people are always like oh like you're
famous and let's just can we just move
over something I'm not famous like like
Leonardo DiCaprio's Fame it's like
Beyonce saying that's like I am NOT
famous but I am in this very interesting
space where like because I do digital
creation I do have a little bit of
recognizability for lack of a better
term and so when I go places you know
yeah I have security and I get to do
event so in that extent that yeah I'm a
little bit of limelight there and I
think it's very interesting cuz I'm in a
great area I'm not like a full fledge
like Beyonce but I'm not like Lily from
seven years ago either so I think it's
very cool when I experience things and
they changed the way I think or they're
different experience and I'd like to
share that with you because I think like
very few people get to be in this
blessed position and we should just like
learn about the psychological
psychologically it's like college of
being these positions so yesterday I was
at a wedding in a great time you came
along with me and I already knew like if
I go to a wedding especially if it's
like an Indian wedding I already know
it's gonna be like a meet and greet and
I've managed to prepare for that and I
have no problem because I'm gonna be
straight real with you I'm gonna talking
real with you I do not ever
actually no I'm not gonna grow this I
love meeting all of you I love it
I don't care where I get it when I
before I became superwoman I did the
same thing if I saw someone I'd probably
hey I'm so sorry to interrupt you like
you can take a picture and I used to do
the same thing so I totally get it but I
will also say I kind of miss going to
things and not having that and this I'm
not saying this so people stop
approaching me I don't want that I get
it like I said I was one of those people
and this is not directed towards anyone
that pushed me yesterday but it was
moment gesture like all my friends were
dancing and I didn't dance at them
because I was taking pictures of people
are like I couldn't just enjoy myself
because I was taking pictures of people
and I just want to share that with you
solely to express that sometimes people
we don't know a lot about whether
suggestion beavers the Selena Gomez's or
whatever like they probably go through
things that you can't understand because
they might just miss doing the normal
things and you might be like without
sport your job whatever it's not part of
your job to go to a friend's wedding and
not be able to enjoy it it's not
people's job to be at their house and
have people show up with our house
that's not part of the job and so I'm
not saying this for any other reason
except for the fact I think it's very
interesting being in the space I'm in
and seeing how my life has changed and I
still have taken pictures you're not
continued take pictures with you but I
don't like a little bit of time I miss
just dancin and stuff and doing my thing
maybe I'll write about that because
that's an experience maybe not many
people are familiar with I'm gonna shut
up because that was a long intro take I
need to make a video and do things today
we're making a video today were doing
email stay where we planning a reshoot
and then we're going for a dinner in a
movie a horror movie with a bunch of my
friends cause I cannot wait for because
I will definitely need to do stress at
that point in time okay all right got my
video idea for today it's my parents
give me a last minute costume ideas and
I was trying to get ideas my mom I was
like mom like what are some ideas
Manjeet them bottoms you through Gabe
my mom is so unlike but I'm cheap so
it's like I was like you know the bottom
G's gonna say stupid things like Oh
having a kid before marriage or like
having a dirty room or like failing my
mom was like well it depends if you just
feel a class or at ESSEC I mean I think
everyone has strengths and weaknesses
I'm like you're so far off from putting
G thin seven ways but I got doing really
funny so this is how me and an ocean
communicate with each other
it's called her an ocean II that's word
I mean I don't communicate like this
in each other voice notes but I always
like I'm just so weird in them my room
like a doing an accent so I was asking
her but like hat we're going to the
movies like should i / or should I do
and this is my voice no I thought it was
hilarious if you can understand what I'm
saying you know Big O pure self okay
ready because we are getting so much
thinking show it over to where you is or
should me meet you nearby you bar let me
know a year I got malaria as I family
appeared
we blonde editing right now it is 5:30
and may have to leave at 7 o clock
that's what Tehran also meant exact same
outfit I wore when I went with chase I
already texted and being like y'all
don't you dare say a word when you're
responsible you finish your video on
time because you know you need to go out
see like I make sure but do I work first
before I go out and then your Internet's
I stopped working does the story of my
life in this chronicles my internet
story of my life of my life I know this
is the area this house is into what it
is the internet never works here I'm
changing this vlog channels name to the
fattest cow on the pattern because how
not only do we get our regular not only
doing our regular ridiculous order but
we're an extra drink on the side cuz the
last is history of you know today's the
popcorn to drink ratio it's important
and we always finish the drink and the
way popcorn laughing yeah and then I
mean the popcorn like and then so we
have to get an extra cup sliced talking
the popcorn so there see that's not and
then I can be your friends baby don't
haven't I didn't touch my hair since
it's been baby that's our boy I don't
wash again I don't worry they're
checking out of holiday in washing
that's weapons been dead on cuz under
the band and there's like a there's a
good strip of crusty curse
this is why we're married yo wheeze at
dinner having a very emotional time
because it's not a call
long story short we'll talk more later
more detail but I got a call basically
saying my reshoot is impossible and
cannot be done because they took the sat
down at the YouTube space and they must
communicated that to me so I had to text
everyone cancelling
including all the people that I'm fans
of and I can't disclose to you because
now I need to wait 365 days until next
Halloween to do this shoot and I will do
this shoot next year and will be amazing
so this would be another 4th year ever
watching this video it's been awesome
like a big deal but this video was super
super important to me and imagine having
done it with all the people you wanted
to do it with and it not turning out the
way you want to do and so now it's not
gonna come out
but we're not gonna reshoot it we're
gonna have dinner with these lovely
people and then later as the best
friends ever what you can see the
specifics of what it was you say just
this shooting right here she drew a
weeds because we can watch liji she's
asked me a question but well Lilly's
recent shoots be done better next year
yeah who needs quality content when you
have quality friends right they can pay
the bills right I got any puppet is
ready chief drew this isn't a pretty
so random
random guy yo it doesn't look like me
it's his luscious hair guys does this
look like me cheese does this look like
me I don't man who dropped me home again
for the second day in a row and I don't
even live anywhere close to her so like
she's being very very sweet we have good
news and not-so-great news the good news
is were less than three thousand
subscribers away from ten about ten
million subscribers which is really
really really cool um
the sad news is I would be lying if I
said I'm not absolutely mother effin
devastated at the fact that my video is
not gonna get done I can't explain to
you I know this is kind of annoying that
I keep talking about it cuz you don't
know what I'm talking about but if this
video I want to shoot for many many
years and I shot it in the most ideal
way with all the people I wanted and it
was a dream come true and it for and for
it to not turn out the way I wanted
because I didn't have control over some
of the things than wanting to reshoot it
and now not being able to reshoot it
because of just various reasons I can't
tell you about because I'd be giving the
video way is extremely upsetting to me
and I treat like these projects I'm very
passionate about them and I was just so
excited about it and I feel like a
complete and utter failure for not being
able to do it and I sent massive apology
texts to everyone that was involved in
it because now even the originals I can
be shown I refuse to let it go out not
being the way I want it to be and I will
just wait a year and do it again next
year but I'm just absolutely devastated
and very heartbroken about it so that's
that um I also want to comment on
something earlier in the vlog I know I
was talking about like yesterday and
feeling like you know I just wanted to
dance not what and take pictures and
stuff I actually realized why that is
and I wanted to actually first apologize
if that came across ungrateful I didn't
mean it to I was just genuinely telling
you how I felt and I think I know what
it is I love meeting all of you and I
don't mind genuinely but I think there's
a you know is I love my job so much and
I know for me to keep doing it I have to
be mentally healthy and sometimes like
always having to take pictures is not
mentally healthy and so I think that's
why it gets to me sometimes cuz I'm like
no I don't want to be this person that
like always feels like they have to be
on
be unhealthy in that way and today so
while I was dealing with this video
stuff I was like on my phone and I'm not
gonna lie I was almost crying cuz I was
like so upset about it and someone
approached me like hey superwoman I was
like yeah and my voice is like very
cracking it's only voice I'm like oh I'm
just dealing with like some like
dramatic work stuff and they're like oh
can take a picture and I was like okay
and then the to a picture night when my
talking like coming out was that
snapchat to now and I'm like do you care
at all that I just said I'm doing and so
I think that's what it is it's that if
I'm like it's that level of just like
not caring what state I'm in are not
caring what I'm doing or not being
considered that's what a little bit
makes me feel like I don't want to have
to fake like that's okay because I still
want to be treated like a human and so I
think now I'm just gonna stop being
honest about that like I'm doing
something but I can I don't mind taking
a picture with you at all like it's
gonna be after I'm done doing this thing
or it's gonna be later at a more
appropriate time because I don't want to
be when those who that's fake and then
explodes one day cuz she goes crazy like
I want to do that he's gonna be honest
with you and I would like to say when I
have meet and greets and things I do
you've ever met me in person enemy angry
you hopefully can vouch for the fact as
well that I give 3,000 percent at a
meet-and-greet or on stage because
that's the time designated for my fans
but that time can't be at personal
parties it can't be at my house it can't
be in a hotel
it can't be when I'm trying to just turn
off because it's necessary sometimes so
that's what I met and I hope you didn't
take it the wrong way when I said
earlier but long story short because I
made another three-minute clip now I am
extremely Debit I'm gonna be like
mourning for like a week over this I'm
so heartbroken extremely heartbroken
president because listen 3,000
subscribers away from 10 million and
that's the positive we should be paying
attention to I was gonna pack all this
hot mess stuff it is 142 a.m. my flight
is at 10 a.m. and I'm leaving at 8 a.m.
so oh you're killing the game done done
editing done the time is 313 a.m. I am
going to do a little bit of work go
through some emails then go to sleep
because I gotta wake up at 8 but I can
sleep on the plane as well so I man in
the vlog here well not here but almost
here
thank you for joining me on an emotional
rollercoaster of a day it's okay
focus on the positives focus on the
positives that's we're gonna do we're
flying back to California I'm really
excited to be back in the sunshine
and get back to being absolutely
productive and I'm very glad you're on
this journey with me and humbly
apologize if I offended anyone but I
love you
