good morning to your face
I'm not gonna sing to you don't worry
this is salt auto-tune what marshal I
got it for me it's called the ukulele
and Colleen was teaching me she gave me
a quick you Classen I know this is a C
chord but mites and so attitude and so
not and I said that we're gonna learn
how to play the ukulele on YouTube
videos so I'm gonna learn how to play it
it's sorta to colleague we speaking of
Colleen the first order of business I
have all the second order of business
cuz I woke up I had a meeting I had a
call freaks I can call by the way and I
can't wait to tell you what it's about
it's like hit me in the fields but I got
a gold dress up as Manjeet and bottom
jeath and then dress them into Miranda
because I promised her I would do it
because haters back off comes out
tomorrow or today when you're watching
this and so uh that's on my to-do list
to dress up as when jeath in the
interest McKeith up as Miranda let's go
do this and then I have a meeting in
about an hour and then it is video day
but every video done is the cloud with
Sabrina and then I have people once
watch party so poppy and Ashley gonna
come over and get me all did that's the
plan for today give me a great day is
gonna be a productive day I feel good
energy I slept in a little bit and I
feel a little bit like groggy but we're
gonna get over that cuz they might
control your they smile and be grateful
are you ready for an amazing day yes I
realize I don't have her assurance it's
gonna be hard but I'm not she does this
I think it she just goes like buck right
right right well I'm nervous to do this
what yeah alright
I'm so excited it is mango me I'm a
really good big Jatin
there's a lot of fun actually
Minh deeds gonna be tough I don't know
where get out of sugar that oh we're
gonna figure it out stand by hi bye
hello everybody
oh you are doing it everybody
whatever let's go Suppan I'll wait what
am I going to tell some woman Hank
Fernando I mean Superman how's that -
fine who comes to a meeting it is hot
I'm recalled me this morning cuz he
missed me and I love him and he's my joy
and so I was actually free to answer his
call which is a rare occurrence but he
told me it's so cold in Toronto and I'm
wearing just Ronald on Sunday so not the
greatest view so we were soaked with as
much Sun as possible right now here we
go I'm headed to men meeting and I think
I'm gonna be on time killing the game
here we go so I'm at a red light and I
have to ask seatbelts and bras I'm not
the only one that experiences the
seatbelt brawl
boom awkward thing right this is not
just me right only in LA through traffic
will you see a rare Pokemon Pikachu I
think that guy just yelled Oh
chick-fil-a what is happening oh alright
I just finished my meeting honestly
every time I had these meetings such a
stress because they're on these Lots so
this is the universal a lot and it is
the mission and a half first to find the
right gate because these lots are
massive then to find the right building
and I was like 30 minutes late for this
meeting even though I left so early
because there's so much traffic and I
got to the gay and skating guys like
yeah so you know here and turn left and
it uh any hundred percent send me in the
wrong direction and got me lost because
I even told them when he told me like
you know that's not right I was like
Frank I hate walking into a meeting late
that's not the best look but these lots
are so confusing
huh and then even they were like yeah I
know everyone gets lost I'm like still
it's not okay I don't like to be late
but I'm pretty just meeting I'm starving
to death
and I am going to get some food head
back and then get my hair and makeup did
and do the things I have what do I
really want to do when I send my cousin
you pizza not do anything but that's not
what we're gonna do
that's not really hot my armpits are
sweating so many things huh we're gonna
pick up the energy again and not be blah
right Ted you know I'm talking about my
car still there yes it is then until my
car cuts are parked in the wrong place
yes the positive things from like the
positives let's focus on the positives
I'm eating my hair or focusing on the
positives
at least I washed yesterday is my
favorite part of the day one of my bays
are here
Ashley and poppy are fixing me up and I
feel so at ease because the rest is
dampen like driving and this is the
thing I've been waiting for even after
this like the event of our do i ID
anyone do that I just literally want to
do this right now
now you just read just me up 90 have to
go go you stay right here right here we
take care of know you know you know
you'll go Sarah made me dress up and
read me your pretty to go someone I
don't know go you have to go I know but
you did a good job
look wanna show them what I'm wearing I
do okay you can direct it this is what
you're looking at okay good okay this is
what I'm wearing that was for commentary
in case you're wondering that was a
carpenter my wing a dress in these cool
boots and the heels are actually
comfortable so you get a good job boom
you did a good job good job Sarah thank
you other job Sarah I'm so proud of you
you did such a good styling job Sarah
okay fine I try to be positive about
this event if you were but
the mood for schmoozing when the mood
for doing work some Chinese as quick as
possible
I do realize out of it though I kind of
wish I save it for something else but
I'm a fine isn't good it's great all
right it's good
guys guess what this is Matt back again
I'm gonna slide in today we are at the
barn holding PLP for the peoples ones to
watch party which I have drugged Lilly -
Lilly is not super happy about being
here today which is putting on quality
content goes what can I say guys we made
it to the red carpet I'm really happy to
be here not because Sabrina's here and
I'm gonna stay out from Barbra signed by
president comes out in like one hour by
the way did you hear that she loves
Sabrina not that she did to a carpenter
this is red carpet footage get old guys
I'm doing my version of toilet talk
right now which is really carpet talk
anyway long story short watching Lily go
into that photo pit and having all of
the photographer's recognize her
one year later with me one year ago when
we were at this event I remember her
coming here and like really being a new
comfort and now she is it makes me
really emotional and happy for her and
really proud and it just goes to show
that after a year of really really
really really hard work it's just really
I am the worst kind of you and just now
I set up this ring light just so I could
do a selfie that's that's right in I'm
embarrassed I'm embarrassed the picture
so good that self-timer life though when
you got no friends though that's what's
up though what is even in this I am
going to change because my head is
starting to hurt and I should get out of
this and get to work I need to do some
stuff for my book there's four sections
of my book and I need to write chapter
section introductions like chapter
that's hyper sec section blurbs about
each section so I got to do that section
sections such a weird thing to say so
I'm gonna do that and actually and then
we have a intense work night ahead of us
so let's get some mood tree and
something to back to you right now take
a look at how I look one more time
because I'm about to get back into
myself hands and this is all gonna be
gone
oh good when you get an email about
BAE's show Cuomo
wait did I record that I record that
last clip I don't know if I did come on
babe if I did if I didn't everything
didn't what mmm
look enough like arrest em look enough
plugger arrest her lady was poppin was
crack like and we had a very productive
day
actually I just did so much work I did
my chapter blurbs and I did a whole
bunch emails I'm feeling good about
myself it is only one Sun thing which is
quite early I'm gonna go to bed because
I feel sleepy and that's a blessing at
night because I never feel sleepy na I
go wash my face take these lashes off
individual lashes
what's that freak you up I'm sorry
taking off lashes after a long day like
best best I hope you had a great day
tomorrow is Friday and tomorrow what am
i doing I have a meeting I think I have
like two or three meetings actually and
then in the evening I might be saying
what squad we'll see although I have mad
work to do so we'll see but I think
there's some squad chillin there's some
meetings some work ask Superman live so
when you're watching this when you're
watching this possibly within like two
hours of the release of this log is ask
Superman live on my main channel
youtube.com slash anything so makes use
there because I want to what you want is
you know I need I love you if you liked
it subscribe if you like it subscribe
look who I shot with instant best
friends we are she's so weird and I love
it wooden thing is the thing is I was
talking to she's way more poised and she
can like come across as poised and weird
what I'm just weird you know no
gossiping voices really yeah however
still of course no one loves love that
everybody
it's okay take some pictures how would
you severe I had so much fun too I
showed a lot of fun it was very fun
ripping off of you I liked it a lot
I might have sat in her lap a little bit
give a little action I'll be jumping
whatevs more of these I know we have to
do more of these yeah calm below do I
see more obviously wanna see more too so
