woke up outdated my suit
just kidding I didn't wake up like this
actually rushed I what's happening -
sure what you doing I'm a little bit
chaotic because I'm running late to one
of my meetings I have a meeting and I
have a shoot today and then I have a
fitting and then I have to go check out
my house and start the whole process
this is what happened right I swear I
had the worst sleep ever why yesterday
at like 4:00 a.m. while I'm sleeping my
buildings fire alarm went off and it
stayed on for like 30 minutes I kid you
not 30 whole minutes and it was the
loudest most piercing alarm of my life
and it was like ringing in my ear drums
keeping me awake I just sleep like this
basically it was absolutely horrible in
the worst sleep I that's what I'm
blaming it on I'm gonna say I woke up
late because of that but really I know
it's because I'm bad at waking up but
I'm all suited because I gotta be like
this for my shoot and I thought why not
go to my meeting on swagged up I got a
meeting I'm turning left I gotta go babe
best day ever that meeting was great and
so was my hair after this whole meeting
god dammit
I mean it was great was so much fun and
people I met with were so super cool
but now I am headed to my shoot it is
with someone very cool and I think I'm
gonna tell you who is West but maybe not
right now may I make you wait for a
little bit just for good measure look at
all these validations
oh my throat is dying I need some water
and honey because it sound like a man
because I was screaming so much on my
other shoot my Mecca I was a little bit
stressed walking just me because I was
like I'm late like my GPS was sending me
the wrong way I could have find parking
all these things that I look Lily you're
late either way so you have two options
right you walk into your meeting
stressed or you can be like hey I'm
gonna serve for being late and now this
is my great personality I chose the
latter and the meeting went great
so I'm very happy things might not
always be in your control but some part
of the situation is always in your
control that's how you react and that's
how you behave and that is where I
choose and now I'm going to go to my
shoot before I get late for that as well
and repeat the whole situation you're
not being you stay cool
this monumental moment is taking too
long I have never been to not as office
and right now I am look at the outside
our office first of all that does me
that's me just me and this is our office
where am i we had to move to make this
work
oh my god we can't read all that cuz my
people of me but this is sweet
where is that boom feeling super okay
good this is officials name play
everything EP of everything's right very
nice at a chalkboard wall very cool I
still care that gives enough for me okay
okay come on in
we got hum ball oh okay I'm how to be a
boss we'll be out of it there wow I am
oh my god I feel like I need to get you
like unicorns like a massive just mural
of myself okay I'm okay with that right
here yeah I'll show you my other great
view yeah your house is almost don't so
this is where the magic happens what
what is this what is this do we use oh
yeah dude are you kidding me a hundred
calories every two hours really really
good doing conference calls what's that
you do huh I'm so impressed don't be
polka look at Boca yoyoyo shooting some
fun stuff I can't wait till I show you
who I'm showing it shooting with I
hinted at it on Twitter and to be honest
the vlog title and thumbnail probably
giving everything away it's cute I have
a friendship resume non-russian quickly
and these two things very cute and look
who's here my BAE no no I'm talking
about you he's my baby
you know why he's my because he's so
officer sure but he did you diss read
about yourself
he gets so awkward when I put my wallet
I'm sweating I accept my favorite things
my favorite moment of Kyle ever if you
guys haven't seen her you actually
tweeted recently though thinking like I
love that it's not funny stuff we're not
on speaking terms because you beat me in
poke up we're not on speaking terms no
see when everywhere you're digging in
your back it is viewed oh oh snap oh
snap
my pet have any final words wax am i
dying
yeah maybe try that one extra this is
dangerous clearly know I've asked for
smaller ones cuz those are too big for
me no I need a kid sighs all right pick
your poison
every time I like it takes you to get to
the end of that all right oh my god oh
dear God how do you feel great petal bag
I think you can park in Michael's off a
little scary how do you feel I feel like
I'm ready for the Olympics all right
great
hey Mikey man yeah try just like a new
point turning into an eight point turn
oh boy okay please don't hurt me I'll
try to walk backwards if you don't kill
me great job everyone
great job Sun behind you today I'm
shooting my collaboration with you
follow me
I'm shooting Michael I would keep going
keep boys you're bugging right what what
what what three
look who I shot with instant best
friends we are she's so weird and I love
it
but the thing is the thing is I was
telling her she's way more poised and
she can like come across as poised and
weird what I'm just weird you know yeah
however silcoon love love is everywhere
it's so good what do some pictures can
you see I had so much fun too I showed a
lot of fun it was very fun riffing off
with you I liked it a lot
I might have sat in her lap a little bit
and gave a little action I'll be jumping
I know we have to do more of these come
below do I see more obviously wanna see
more did you know Kyle tell him tell him
did you know from girl love shoots this
lovely man right here he gives away
props from the shoot that I've signed
cyber ops he takes the prop and I sign
it gives it away where do you give it
away on a spread girl love so if you
want to get some signed props from shoes
if you went to that then you got to
follow them on Twitter them us on
Twitter and Instagram has spread girl up
that's what you gotta do I think that
shoot went great
they were really great I really love her
I love her I love her especially because
obviously was done we just came out to
me she's like so what do you like to do
for fun and I was like oh my god we are
friends I love this conversation we are
friends I love it she's just such a
sweetheart now I go to my fitting I have
a fitting I'm going to Sarah's house
there are stylist cells because tomorrow
I have a tremendous need to go to and
that's crackalacking
so doing a fitting Sara hello and we
found a dress that makes me look like
mistake your soul this is just like that
okay dress is this not the weirdest
thing ever
it doesn't fit at all is it the weirdest
thing ever so I finished the styling it
came to my new place and none of the
keys work for the place I can't get it
I'm just like ah should I be concerned
right now so I just messaged my realtor
but the garage opener not working and
the keys now we're gonna can't get in
looks like I bought the place right just
just clarify so I'll go home and
hopefully deal with this tomorrow but I
tried all right
I'm home I just finished recording
something I need for tomorrow's video I
am so tired I did so much today but I
have to wash my hair because Papi's
gonna come tomorrow to do my hair and I
don't want my hair to be up so I'm gonna
go wash my makeup off wash my hair and
then get some sleep but I gotta research
something before I sleep so I'll fall
asleep all doing the other first let's
wash the hair oh man that post shower a
try ed - Wow right - okay I'm tired
toilet talk with Lele what a productive
day we had a meeting we did a
collaboration we got a fitting done went
to the house realized keys don't work
record a little bit for video tomorrow a
lot of things happen today and I'm very
very happy with how productive arrives
tomorrow I have a meeting I have a call
and then I have to get my hair and
makeup done because I'm going to
people's ones to watch which is very
cool and I got some book related stuff
to do a few more deadlines so and it's
also for due date so all those things
but my video is done it's my class is it
boo-boos - it's my collaboration with
Sabrina carpenter that is coming up when
you're watching this today so just write
it out there linked to our main channels
right there in the description quite and
click it just be like
just go ahead and do that thank you for
joining me on today I hope you had a
wonderful day
Victoria until my speak very fascinating
I'm like I know she's like it's so great
I'm like oh really I'm mostly insecure
about it she's like I think it's awesome
when I was like thanks I try to like
consciously make an effort to speak
slower but I can't it's just I ever
since I was young I've always spoken
really fast and I've been surrounded by
friends that also speak very fast if you
think ice cream fast so my friend speak
way faster than me so yeah but I'm gonna
go down when I go to bed and it is not
belly so I'm very happy about it I'm GP
so player when struggle to fall asleep
but I hope you got a great day and
tomorrow our hustle continues thank you
for spending your time on my vlog
channel I appreciate it and I'll see you
soon sending you positive vibes if you
like it that's good if you liked it
subscribe
oh not a get it girl not a get it girl
