nice nice dude he lives you look at this
pimple why is it pimples near your lips
the worst crap ever meet my mom get the
scroll the time you can we will talk for
a second I have a conspiracy theory I
think I don't know where you're from but
come alone let me know
Indian people believe in the evil I
believe that like if you have a certain
level of success or if people want to
you know put some negative energy
towards you they'll cast the evil eye on
you that's why I let you have all these
things they're putting a black dot of
like makeup on our necks and all these
things like ward away the UI I think
someone has cast the evil eye on me ever
since like on the car accident Lindsay
there's been a series of events that
have been happening I'm gonna tell you
but all of them but there's no
laughing's happening room like am i is
someone trying to kill me like are
things it's just it's weird it's the
whole thing so I need to focus today I'm
warding off the evil eye
gonna be hard longer than a stack that
here's a mission Jude you know the drill
follow along grab a pen grab a paper
grab your phone make it to-do list make
today count have pitch meeting number
one
I'll practice pitch please me number
June quick team meeting then I'm gonna
do a podcast let I got drinks with some
writers go to my Inbox release my video
then we'll see if we have time for more
let's do it my office kind of a vibe
just like sure just finished for
meetings I'm so exhausted but I got
another meeting a call a podcast and a
drinks meeting to go so your girl is
putting in work work work work where
it's immediately work we're going today
the longest day in the world release my
video
ditto things just got home you should
give Skaro is medicine I can feed him
still good mom at the end of the day
already freaking go through some emails
like I did it must sit in my hot tub BAM
cuz your girl done earned it also had a
glass of water at dinner you this right
here this is my mother effing Jam turn
your lights down low that is my
jam oh my god did I tell you something
fabulous happened I had a fabulous la
moment I was like I'm walking out at
dinner right I feel like walking out and
the waitress comes she was excuse me
Lilly I'm like yeah actually I just want
to confirm that you're still good for
your reservation tomorrow at 6:00 and
I'm like excuse me I notice that you
also had one tomorrow I was like let me
look at my calendar you know yeah I do
have a reservation I don't even know
because you obviously my team put it in
there everything well I have a regular
restaurant and they came what to confirm
my reservation for tomorrow yeah I was
like oh my god I'm fabulous look at me
I'm so fabulous and then I see this and
I'm like maybe I'm not fabulous
I'm just awesome man fine china no no no
no no no fine china baby did it did it
did it baby sucked it did that song is
so good like it never gets always magic
so today my fan page tweeted this and if
you like why didn't I see that it's
because you don't follow the fan page on
Twitter why is your Halloween costume so
I could react to them because obviously
my reaction and approval means so much
no no no no no no no this is a killer
clown surgeon no nope I'd rather die
okay don't do the surgery I'll just die
with the feeling kidney eyes a couple
the young cut is from up right yes our
adventure pub oh my god no that's
adorable that's really creative hey
looks good way that's don't made it
myself Dan that's impressive yeah yeah
quiet Queen okay we can't go that close
my pimple DIY Queen nice nice nice
you're me not getting any water points I
got it your fall party you should be
comedian but you wearing the merch so
you know what you a real one a real one
listen I come oh damn
a pumpkin that's it you see that someone
has talent when you have makeup Talent
Halloween is your day oh my god a deer
what a deer get it dear dear little red
under my boyfriend is the werewolf
couples costumes I love it listen you
won't recipes the thing that imma kill
you won't dress oppress the thing that I
enslave this is what Halloween's about
damn I'm not like don't know what this
is oh oh no way I do know what it is
it's that it's that I don't want to say
that I don't know what it's called I
don't wanna say the wrong name but it's
that celebration it is the Day of the
Dead is that really wrong that's really
wrong I'm sorry please come below and
educate me damn that's good female power
rosie the riveter times by my mother
effin J oh my god the Titanic yo did you
know Real Talk I was obsessed with
Titanic I watched the movie this is
really nerdy but through a memorial
party with my friends for the Titanic
the day it sunk go here she doesn't go
here notice this we're gonna feel like
me and goes what up it's me Lily
I'm flattered whenever y'all dress up as
me for Halloween because I was like
that's Gary died okay I mean how we're
gonna do this is monopoly deal cars
we're gonna try to put them in our phase
Awards not that talented that looks sick
thank you so much you're gonna send in
your Halloween costumes I love Halloween
I had a great time just vibing and
chillin online though I miss
trick-or-treating I feel like for the
rest of my life no matter how old I get
I'm gonna want to go trick-or-treating
who doesn't like free stuff there's no
age limit on that you know older you get
the more you like free stuff say you you
you are my baby shower baby shut up it
didn't fit a baby shark didn't it baby
shut the doctor little baby shower mmm
Scarborough shut it did it did its go
around shut dude it didn't stir up check
dudududududu
scar oh sure Drizzy shut up to diddle
diddle kylie shocked at the did it
didn't
nikki shocked did it did it did Yonsei
sure whoa
yes the past couple nights have gone
back to my ritual that I used to do
which is
a little bit of hot tub before I sleep
you know if it's like ten minutes or
less even if it's like five minutes it's
just you're like de-stress reflect on my
day say what I'm grateful for and what
I'm proud of myself for before I go to
bed it also makes me sleep because it's
hot a whole vibe and you know what else
Oh shadows everyone watch my new video
if you haven't do link is in the
description it is about the types of
pictures you should not tag your friends
in and I speak from personal experience
no you're goddamn rolling down tomorrow
you
