welcome back to losing those will be
hustle harder productivity lives here it
is way too early o'clock 8:30 a.m. which
I'm just not that early but I've been
tossing and turning on that I was a hot
actually I'm cold
oh my god it's the desert oh my god I'm
in the Arctic I could not find a
comfortable temperature or position so
your girl tired aka in other words just
saying before even to a mission or
anything we're head straight to the vet
to see and hope and pray is
Scarborough's cone can come off right
buddy what do you think must be 10 to 14
days it's been around 10 or 11 so we're
gonna see you've been such a good boy
should we go see let's go see straight
up scar Bo's bat is nicer than any
doctor I've ever been to he's
really so hard you know this isn't that
last time I came here do something with
my peepee you're doing great baby don't
worry he's like no no but I want to give
you some treats or something so he can
make this a positive experience look at
the goose with my sunglasses right the
discoverer check that's a kid addicted
Kona and now we wait and the verdict is
the vet said I could take the cone up
took it off trimmed a little bit of scar
rosa face because it was so long ago
burns were able to clean it was like
stuff stuck in it got a little bit of
face trim and they tripped a little does
bean hairs which label Scarborough's
pain hairs real quick my boy is a man
but here's the tea I told that put the
cone back on why I have a very specific
reason why cuz Scarborough isn't such a
good job I'm gonna take the cone off and
I'm gonna give him a bunch of trees and
throw him a mini party just so he knows
that you are getting all of these things
because you did so good you know
shouldn't take the cone off no gonna
make a moment shoot shoot video to throw
Scarborough a mini party let's do it no
mommy got Scarborough gifts come on
welcome to my son's party everybody
welcome to my son's party good job
everyone
good job so excited to have you here
today are you ready are you ready to be
a boy are you ready
come taking off he's become a man you
did it did it did it did it I'm bum hold
on one second
young man it's corn I love corn so much
officially join unicorn Island letting
you have your first camera are you ready
for your cake you did so good
everybody's talking about it so proud of
my son hey do you want to do a split
screen or do you want to do - maybe one
wide split that's all I can just thought
why chop horrible
hello just be doing but video about to
show you one thing set design log I'm
making this on a Photoshop I don't have
my sister my sister
okay can I give you guys some music
torque to ya racks on racks on racks no
racks on racks on racks so you're not
gonna text me when you're coming on your
girl hard to shoot when it's so hot my
everything is sweating my makeup is
everything is everything is happening
everywhere it's a lot but it kinda it
used to be so like we can't shoot
outside it's so cool because you
anything else at it now it's like I mean
I still prefer this don't get me wrong
but it's hot all right so not only very
big Masha but I also got mad Trini
colors popping off
hello everybody
decent girls across 70 if you know what
today is very happy day because my
grandson get addy corn corn get taken
off you know I remember when I got my
cone taken off when I got decoy and I
was small small little puppy like this I
remember I went to bed and I was very
scared out I was doing it a sound like
this husband Pope you know like this
they take a cone off and become free boy
I remember I place ho much with the ball
that today with a bone that there is my
grandson right there hello hello
good boy not dr. paape with me what what
you did over here what you did I don't
do don't do like this don't do I don't I
don't do like this
doctor I'm going to put a pawn back on
don't do like this I don't do it
sweet boy finish both videos and we just
did a million things broken didn't we we
just shot a million and ten things like
we were just saying that like I don't
understand how we did all the things I
know we did all the things every one of
the things everything just got done
please make it Thursday
I remember eyes it's not even still it
supposed me tomorrow but I'm trying to
get to Thursday's like memorize even
more and be more prepared I wish I
didn't have the palate of a
nine-year-old kid but I do I'm a face
mask and sure let's see how we did today
shouts everyone watch my main Channel
video men struck Graham fun fact I
totally miss Bell description but men's
style Graham and so yes I say m√ºnster
Graham incorrectly really men's straw
Graham it's the whole thing I can't
spell without showing some love
appreciate June until tomorrow the
hustle don't stop
you
