what of yo my name's Toronto ting
good morning last night I just died and
passed out I'm gonna shove I'm gonna
include that blog footage if I did then
they hope you enjoyed it if not then you
don't have to what I'm talking about I
basically just slept all of yesterday I
was disoriented but I woke up this
morning to some six God blessings a
champagne pop it just Drake posted a
picture of us and said me and this and a
Swedish Toronto ting supermoon was the
world in palm of our hands and now we
officially friends exchange from DMS and
the thing went down I'm just saying my
legal name is now sweeter Toronto ting I
got my hair and makeup did I go to York
University today which is the University
I graduated from I am very very excited
to go back when we speaking at their
spirit day so I got a little bit I've
done up you know the colors are red and
white sounds like I got some red
lipstick I'm so excited
and I couple of some sort of six card
this morning so it's all meant to be
and why are you are you such a tease
deep in the heart of the York you jungle
you can hear the Lions Rumble ooh why
you why you why you know very excited so
I'm a bright mother to card and we're
gonna do the ting you know why cuz I'm
the sweeter Toronto ting so you guys
remember this team super loves everybody
ready to go I'm gonna wear this overall
though I just love these overalls keep
wearing them
I'm just think I keep wearing the same
clothes over over again because I don't
here I just feel like I wanna wear what
makes me happy and sometimes that's the
same thing over and over again but then
I might change her York shirt you know
to be like yo this is where I'm from
dough I'm starting to go yo today's
super Thursday video is so special you
remember that time you'll Kyle remember
that time we went to the White House
which they chilling with photos on your
floaters what's up that's not notice you
know you're saying you remember that
situation we discovered I'm so excited
about it she's just so wonderful and
sweet so you want to check it out the
link for this in the description is
called Kyle what do we call it it is
called atomic what is it I got some
girls getting schooled by Michelle Obama
Michelle Obama but so every year no Brad
well also I'm so far from Arthur my
masseuse so we got a replacement for
right now that's homegirl also this
doesn't usually happen like mom isn't
coming with us to the event mommy
excited yeah and then she's also comes
like yeah she's also coming with us
downtown Joe Twitter Q&A that's
happening today it's a very exciting day
very very exciting my mom's an
experienced at day in the life of
superwoman right now which is very tough
because I don't have a strict eating
schedule my mom does my mom like if
she's eating almonds it's because it's
at the time DT of it's like 12:30 to and
she's like wait it's time for almond
socially yogurt and she's like sure he's
yogurt at specific times I don't know
yes you did she does it's like a she's
very orchestrated twice a day jungle you
can hear the lion's roar why are you I
what up t-shirt reference is where I run
about to launch our own mental health
strategy next month here at York and we
want you involved
because I still take forever to get all
the way up the top floor of Scott
library I would trust a complete
stranger to watch you graduate from this
amazing school you can do whatever you
want to do I mean I wouldn't I would
never have imagined in my wildest dreams
I would be texting the rock and really
gonna encourage you whatever you want to
do but don't just believe it you got to
work really really really hard to
achieve it and you can all do that I
truly believe you can all do that and
you don't I
check for you from back the day
like something for you
I just have pictures on the field let
this golf cart when you're on tour so I
can see all the cool things I've changed
on campus reminisce on some memory show
you some spots I'm gonna say hi to a few
things that's going on some peeps let's
go now you're just screaming now you're
in the vlog hi
oh no there's birds operating us being
in love actually went to school here cuz
it took me forever and a half to walk in
class class York is one of the biggest
campuses it takes forever to walk from
one end to the other so this is a great
privilege and honor that happens both oh
snap we're in the middle of traffic just
wanna right now what you talking about
what you talking about girl
oh this is a lot of fun I love this yeah
the perfect level of aggression to get
the job done so only on the York campus
will you find Quidditch players that
look like a book like Harry Potter
because he had like the Harry Potter and
Quidditch you look like a pro Quidditch
player you should embrace that in these
buildings there's always a dance battle
is this building right here I know she
auditioned for our dancing in this
building right here this is where we met
where am i chased for the first time
also right there that feels my tool my
only two friends I met the right there
my only two friends it's good in that
building so I couldn't I couldn't tell
the story
so the creating geese by the way they're
vicious show you very hot right now but
that's that guess what's up this is that
there's a lot for me I was a banner with
my face on it
oh man this is like the main part of the
university this is like mad feels
madness solid you're going down right
now
ie it was a better with my face right
there look at that it's kind of cool
I want to show you a special place no I
thought so saying I say why are you
alright let me show you one really cool
so I'm gonna take you maybe up here a
call for a second okay so I went to
share some real feels as you know I
always say in the last year of
university I was really depressed a sad
person I'm gonna show you one place
where I vividly remember sitting and
crying and being miserable about my life
and that exact spot was right here on
this bed I've come such a long way from
being on this bench crying with myself
they like
mad mad mad memories that's cool that's
my school this is my school yeah I came
from so I came from I know
started from the bottom now we're
slightly above the bottom is where we
are sweet what's the what survives show
you let's go oh my god I know this right
it's really cold by the way it's not le
weather at all is mad cold it's already
street food every single day I don't
know you might not care about any of
this but for me this is like a big dicey
food the students that are every single
day Jimmy the Greek was my jam he says
you're an E anytime I had money
I love it I love it some next Caribbean
place that was there when I was here
what not out what half
thank you baby show me someone
the line for doing the creeks always mad
long oh is that yoga news is always
poppin too
so let's go to your claims I need to say
so York has a shopping mall on campus
that will show you as well just super
dough a little bit of a ruckus any
probably shouldn't be doing this so the
way I'm about to show you around on
campus core cleans thank you so much
love you so different it's real
different
are y'all being my security best
security right here of an oompa loompa
taps which you've got it Oh for the
shoppers is crazy let's not be my bosses
in there this will be a 210 thank you so
much appreciated thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you thank you
thank you
when I went to school here years ago no
one even talked to me
I'm not one of my family stations did
you recognize this for my Drake video
trick did you know if I champagne puppy
called me up sweet at Rio ting
remember when Yolanda had a cake it walk
right here moonshot over there so many
memories it's a good day Michelle Obama
just posted a picture of us on our
Instagram is a good day you feel good I
might give you a tag later uos now Kyle
Koons what a great time maybe a slushy
your hot chocolate
I felt myself feeling you feeling myself
as a telemarketers Drake that's what's
up that's what's up I would like to also
show you where my dad's office right now
okay right there look at all the
pictures of not me I just like to point
that out no big deal more pictures of
not me where are my magazines my dad's
collection right now it is obvious what
do you got dad show us what's good okay
okay okay okay okay my dad got a
collection here Wow
all the staff is my stuff what a good
dad look this guy has a very guard yo
what's the what the Eaton Center right
now which is the mall in downtown
Toronto because we're gonna check out
the we store
we didn't excited about I'm excited to
see the rafiki's in store it's really
cold and crowded but and I'm sleepy but
today's with a litlle because also
zendaya shared the part of the video
where FLOTUS talks about her on her
Instagram and Twitter so today's is late
right mama right yes today lik just so
react mom asked me what you asked me
when it turns out stop vlogging no ask
me what you asked me what I asked you
the meaning what's the meaning of it
that's what I'm not saying mom okay I
don't know what is it
Oh Graham oh snap
see if you live in Toronto you can get
Rafiki in the Youth Center we store a
Chanel
their game for tonight so by the time
you watch this
the how more you're seeking Cup I have
the ugliest resting face I go for camera
like it's not from like if you ever
catch me off guard like
like always full of Glee all the time
just tell him by the street meet me
there taking a I'm gonna try to get half
that mistreat me and ting bitching here
I had to try to do a live Q&A I'm Katie
but I'm gonna pretend like I'm not
he is so awesome I just got the look at
that look at guys got a little cookie
Jim okay this me yes my hair my hair is
so on point in these cookies oh my god
just look at this I look better on the
cookie best day ever
look what I got at Twitter jacket
today's just full look look at Twitter
jacket Chase is full of awesome things
I'm so excited just finish the Q&A thank
you for everyone that tweet me questions
to spend time with me I appreciate that
it was a lot of fun and I did it on this
mirror mirror type thing and I was like
who's the fairest of them all in the
mirror said not you and I kept going and
now we're heading home pretty much some
great it's great to come here
everything's great I'm so sleepy but no
no no no no no no no we are going to eat
I record two quick videos for things
other way I do some planning for
tomorrow's girl love about my family
friends mom thanks for coming with me
today thank you me it was awesome day
yeah yeah love it yes good and good and
that's what's going on when eat and get
to work and fight the sleepiness I also
wanna watch this documentary my neck
that's called a girl in the river I
think is it on the hood it's called girl
in the river I met the director in Italy
and I want to watch that tell them is my
presentation tomorrow so yeah those are
things I wanted to GI me scratching my
nipples No
Helena yes it's 11:47 p.m. and like
everyone should be we're at McDonald's
we made a new friend
thank you don't let his wetness blow you
up right up
well I can tell you it's a good day
there's so many W's today veggies and
rake those favourite
yeah jersey drink you know Clara's yeah
I texted Jake picture of Manjeet already
cuz my game too hot she's very white
right now yeah we're gonna steal we got
a really good put a Q&A popping off
Dwayne and Sheamus yeah turn a moment
yeah bit bit can you release FLOTUS do
tweets from clonise yeah yeah ground
from phone that's what stuck
zendaya just a part of the video I got a
really important one what it's coupon
season winds O'Donnell them who's a
coupon
gonna wake up because tomorrow have a
girl of event with my family and friends
and I have a cold tomorrow as well what
am i 12 very early double digits these
people are working on I'm like that this
single digit toilet taqwa
Hey what an eventful mother a friend a
blessing love blessings on blessings
thank you so much for joining me today I
hope you had a great day tomorrow is my
girl of event for the family and friends
which I'm excited about there's a lot of
work to do have a prepare whole
presentation but I just watched a girl
in the river which was just it's a short
film about honor killings in Pakistan
and I'm just like I cannot but I wanted
to watch it before I made my speech or
my presentation of my friends and stuff
so yeah who was discuss more about that
tomorrow yes I'm sorry we'll discuss
more about that tomorrow in the meantime
when you're watching this it is the last
day to curl off Rafiki and support
women's education in Kenya who without
org slash prologue the link is in the
description
do it do it boot boot boot boot boot
boot boot sobs I walk in drink is a big
hug
first of all we suck I'm like ice high
second speak I gotta breathe I'm like
thank you everything you for the city
had to meet you know your tires ignore
my whatever you want how much how he's
so nice first of all he's so nice and
he's like it wasn't your birthday I'm
like
