I'm eating pizza from last night that
wasn't put in the fridge as that gross
how's it going sorry I'm chewing then
also with Pam's was time the time is 137
I woke up a little while ago I had a
call already I'm headed to the dentist I
was that I have to head to my financial
managers to sign the final papers to the
house yeah you know I thought I did that
two days ago I keep thinking I doing
that but they keep setting more being
like no this this is the final one this
this one right here so I'm gonna do that
let me finish to anyone it's what people
call me low maintenance because it's a
little rusty but you know all it needs
little microwave lovin that's all it
needs completely fine but yeah I have
learned an important lesson today and
that is I don't have time to celebrate
birthdays because I missed so many
emails yesterday and now my inbox is
just like hey who do you think you are
slapping a birthday now you're behind on
700 things and you're gonna fail in life
and I was like I have so many things to
do I'm leaving tomorrow morning back to
Toronto and I have enough things to do
like that would take me four days that
I'm gonna try to do today
one of them includes 30 seconds pregnant
they're saying it's not 30 minutes 30
seconds we'll find out if we are
explosion new books ended I am going to
the dentist financial manager Kyle and I
are gonna go see Drake and I hope that I
get a little belated birthday present
and get some champagne papi right here
on my bosom as a hug and hopefully we'll
see I don't know what happens
Brad time do that absolutely not but
sometimes you got to just be like gamma
pull an all-nighter for champagne papi
definitely gonna be an all-nighter cuz
tomorrow my flight is quite early so
it's fine
the moral of the story this can be a
great day three great I got so many
flowers not flowers on flowers I'm
feeling everything all these flowers and
some a great day it's gonna be chaotic
and overwhelming but we're gonna make
the best out of it
it's gonna be a great day you know why
because we have fresh pizza that's why
so I figured out what it was I did sign
the final papers I signed the final
papers that says like hey if I back out
now I have to pay a penalty so like I'm
committing the papers I'm finding
signing today are like the end all like
yes now like even without pens there's
no that's it like it's my I own it
that's it so the kind of crappy part is
that
the closing is actually on the 30th but
I won't be here so I don't get to do the
final walkthrough because they're taking
all the furniture out like I need to
check the walls behind the furniture and
stuff my realtor is going to do and I
trust her thoroughly so it'll be fine
but I don't get to do the final
walkthrough be there the day I actually
get to receive the keys I'll come a few
days later and hopefully they allow that
because I'm traveling so this is getting
real right now getting around realm
right now honestly the most humble way
thank god I'm so damn charming or people
will be way mad more mad at me than they
actually are in life cuz they have to
rescan my teeth I'm such a that's just
stupid moment right now look where's my
vlogging camera wasn't long enough to
rescan my teeth because I wasn't wearing
like things when I have to get new ones
but she said my teeth are progressing
really well and they've changed a lot
since when we first started so just a
crooked like they're getting there let's
get to be charming and just be like I'm
Xiaomi we're not adding to my financial
managers what am i what's to wear why am
I so lost build the office that's all
the one office it's so hot my brain is
melting I love that pepper for tonight
my orthodontist is also going to the
concert Kings is also pentagons any
certain people that I'm so excited
Jersey boy party I just signed final
papers there's no more papers to be
signed that's it it's done that's a done
deal
I literally wear this t-shirt everyday I
don't care I just love it so much just
the vibe is it actually drinks shoes I
got ma follow one six half you know
represent represent I'm excited to go my
got a little bit spread stress because I
don't wanna come home life to pull an
all-nighter and got so much work to do
but I wanna go I'm gonna drive myself
how to plot this pimple things going
great my skin is really bad right now
you drink some more water and that's for
real I'm probably a drink bought guns
for a fun fact I was a spinal for my
billboard shoot
although pictures made a billboard
movies it's the same shirt yes what's
that I excited yeah can I wear this in
my pill war - very nice very nice oh why
mom please Hamlin popping sick so you
know represent say your Italian okay yep
alright sounds good
your whole team's from Tron Tron Tron
good that's East Island Toronto uno dos
was at the forum we're just waiting for
habibi's to come even though drinks a
she should just give us tickets as well
as always have tickets on tickets
blessed life hashtag blessed what does
change series turn of events here but
I'm really excited
the forum is also where we day was and
yes can we do is going to all your
radiator already also the no vodka I'm
driving but like turn turn turn
emotionally and spiritually turn Jesus
people cannot go like we're like in the
fourth row
Oh champagne Papa Sweatt is gonna be all
over us and chick
we don't Fredo Fredo Fredo Fredo
Oh
Bobby Flay
just how it
Streb Drake Drake killed it yeah Hanning
Speke drink L he killed it
his set and production is so friggin
good I was like trying to cobble all of
this every moment I do to go out every
single thing like these balloon thing
he's up here oh my god it was so good
I've seen drink before before but this
was like next-level ish killed it always
reppin the sticks to eat um just love
this guy nothing my love
well do that hold it in hold it in hold
it in wait we're still wrong people we
need to get away from people just tell
you all the things operator okay what
just happened right now okay I'll walk
into the room to me Drake because you
have a mutual friend I told Michael
birthday present wanna meet him I walk
in drink is me a big hug
first of all we suck I'm like ice high
second speak I gotta breathe I'm like
thank you everything you for the city
had to meet your note I just ignore man
whatever you want how much how he's so
nice first of all he's so nice that he's
like hey wasn't it your birthday I'm
like cuz he follows me on Instagram
thus validating and slowly to find the
fact that he looks advocate okay thank
you
so he's a happy birthday and then a sec
come to any sure you want Isaac we
should link up and do something one day
and then did you see does leave me he
took my hand and kissed it good because
man
Dre kissed my head he drinks dad also
let's see we take another picture to be
Larry I was like no yeah no friendship
right there okay I've been blessed by
the six guys I've been blessed
Oh
nothing matters oh my god even I am but
such it is not an inspiring making care
statements in the like I'm ready for
early retirement stuffiness just to get
over here so it's all good y'all know
what I was talking what's up 133 I am at
the all-nighter beginning my car is
arriving at 8:30 before that I need
finished bed it's in my book and with my
book layout and I need to pack and it's
gonna happen you know why you know why
you smell that you smell that
just my luck blessings from the Six Gun
I it's many hours later it's 542 I just
something wrong with the chapters and
everything and it's good and we good but
now I got a pack and there's still a few
more things I got to do but the things
that we're due for like the morning like
right now are sent and I need to pack
and then maybe and get in like an hour
of sleep
wouldn't that be swell let's try I just
got to put everything correct Oh toilet
Lele time is 6:30 I can sleep for an
hour and a half and then we were heading
to Toronto to do a whole bunch of stuff
it's been amazing few days birthday hit
10,000 rafiki's sold which was like way
past where I thought we're gonna sell
under still two days left in the sale so
that's awesome and today I might Drake
it was just my I don't know my life is
like what is my life I don't know I
don't you know because I don't you know
Bill Bob Joe Tim any of all oh hey if
you guys know when I this cuz I don't
know all I know is that I'm really super
grateful and so motivated and inspired
you to work really hard and be the most
bright light I can be in this world but
this might be crazy delusional sleepy
dog right now I'm gonna eat some cereal
watch my makeup and get some sleep but
tomorrow we're Hey
to see mommy in celebrate birthday or to
run off Hermes she's gonna be chatting
hmm if you liked it subscribe if you
like and subscribe
no you to the pool for the first time I
got my my home here
where do the pigs take it I think it's
not in one day we all have work to do I
am i posting videos till i'm gonna make
a video i am going to release my book
cover
i have the videos for that done i stood
to think of an actual comedy video now
but we're gonna have a little bit of
leads because it's 37 degrees which is
how many internal 113 is very hot is
very and is my happy birthday I'm
allowed to slack a little bit to me
right
