well we hustle harder productivity lives
here what's know when I'm cooking good
looking what's poppin MARY POPPINS
anyways y'all listen today's gonna be a
productive day I hope you are feeling
inspired and empowered because I
definitely am my eye
update is that my left eyes like fine my
right eye still feels like something is
in it so still not completely healed but
we are getting there here's much for
today you go to a meeting come home
shoot some spice news release a video do
Cooper 60 give some notes on that thing
I directed a while ago go through my
inbox and be productive and make this 20
this boy is so aggressive when you take
his bone away I'm trying to teach him
that it's okay if someone takes your
bone away but do you like growls so I
literally have to use tongs to get it
away like if you want to die try taking
that away just got back home on it you
know I get hit a lot of cool meetings
now cuz you know we're not in like
different studios and different all
these different distribution places so I
went to Netflix and their lobbyists so
cool first of all their Lobby both of
the walls are screams it was cool but
then also because of my eyes I was like
they had like Hannah baker's locker
they're like when 13 reasons why they
had the puberty monster from big mouth
they had like this 11 figurine from
search this was so friggin cool and also
she were there bro Jen Oh Jen you look
so cute today
thanks you know cute every day thanks
guys oh right II finished shooting some
spice news in the nick of time because
Taylor's leaving us he's going on
vacation wait like Jamaica Barbados
we're going Delaware okay very good
close close so we got that good actually
liked today's video a lot I'm a fan
broken broken we're going live going
live are you ready we're going live
we're doing the thing super 60 starting
now you know that is when I release a
video but first 60 first of all why
don't you know what this is what she go
do you mean you don't know what to sit
whatever needs the video for the first
60 minutes I'm responding to comments
I'm always looking for spicy comments
but I always assumed at first they say
make a spicy give me a challenge fam all
right we'll have a good
condition and other travels remember one
thing okay nice shirt Thanks
doing super 60 in Lovisa just said if
you see this do a peace sign in the vlog
and I said look be shut off start with
me today young lady cost poppy so I just
finished give me notes for that whore
thing I shot I've already directed
rather a little bit of go it's so hard
to give notes on a edit via email
because you're just like yeah at four
minutes and one and a half seconds um
and three milliseconds can you um make
this shot a half a second shorter it's
like aside if I just go into the editing
booth with pen tomorrow and try to
figure it out but right now I have a
hilarious thing I'm gonna do my team I
said that's the best but also I call
what they compiled a folder of rejected
video thumbnails imagine how horrendous
these images are I'm gonna react to them
I haven't seen them all I haven't looked
at them in genuinely when I say like I
haven't looked at this and I'm reacting
to the first time I'm telling the truth
I have no idea what's gonna be in this
folder but let's see let me open my hair
it's already good it's already good this
is from my dance video with Matt I
couldn't be under first of all y'all
trash bags this is not even rejecteth up
no one not even posing you just got an
ugly picture of me that's all y'all oh
yeah I'm doing a tangerine Matt because
I look I look like I'm getting hit by a
car during this picture okay this might
be an actual which is really
embarrassing okay
two things here what I look like I'm
going to take a dump like I'm like the
God looks like whatever but I also want
to direct you to massage sumit on the
Saco space I mean I'm saying that we
both took the El on this one I look like
a turtle my head looks like a turtle egg
okay I think a lot of these thumbnails
are gonna be me half winking yeah I look
like I'm currently being possessed like
it looks like I'm holding this paper and
I'm like so obviously I would have blink
I know what this looks like this looks
like it's my 109
birthday I'm just holding on for life
I'm like give me a vodka shot please
like that oh no it's bad I'm not even
blink my eyes are open I don't know what
I'm doing guess it somewhere lips are
dry next and then what was caught was
also I don't even have a face shape and
this thumb nose just blob okay if I had
to summarize my life in any such way it
would be this picture with Taylor like a
man cuddled with this other man and I'm
gonna prom with him okay this first of
all my face was a ratchet is I look like
not only a much working but I'm twerking
and robbing a bank and vandalizing the
subway at the same time look that's what
this looks like and then Kyle behind me
looks like I just hit puberty and also I
hope everyone thinks I'm straight like
that's it
this next one looks like Kyle is putting
medium effort and forgiving it to me and
I am overwhelmed at medium effort oh but
no but first of all it looks like I'm a
contortionist I don't even know how my
body is moving like this like it looks
like Kyle's who does it like a Sikh and
he's like I look good in my Calvin's
like I ran onto the side nothing oh no I
look like trash and also if you zoom
into my armpits I did not shave that's
doubly it's doubly Kyle looks like he's
like HR
animal control friggin whoever saving
the ocean please come claim this whale
from me that's what that looks like
what's the background looks so cute good
jobs that design okay my team okay what
the hell you think it happened this is
the video shoot where my top came off
and everyone saw my boobs but it looks
like I'm sleeping or getting possessed
in a bubble bath but it's also at the
same time a commercial for Febreze I
don't know my hair looks cute though
common
oh no this is just bad this is a bad
picture this is like bottom teeth is
like on some sort of drug
whatever shower think she's holding
looks like she's using that to inject
herself with drugs this is horrible
bottom geez a spent hours oh and gets
worse the next one is like okay she's
but groping herself because my Geetha's
not getting the job done I don't think
she's using that device as a shower
thing I think that's the one we have
another blinking one this from fortnight
having said that the arms are B's guns
away it's a family show okay there's one
more recent video stages of FOMO you
might have seen it cuz as three of you
but this is for sure of my hair pissing
me off of me when trigger does that
exact face is what that is 90% of
everything I do gets ruined because of
my hair this is why I reach out my hair
braided it's just so much more
controlled oh god oh god
I suppose this is my tinder bio not only
am i a man in this I'm also half
blinking and I have one two three
three-and-a-half chin anytime I'm Esmond
do you think I already have been each
ends but when I'm a jeep because the
beard ends here it gives the illusion of
a more rigid chin than I have like
always look like I have multiple Chin's
when you that what it is it's a beard
it's not my eating habit it's the
variance the beard trust me is the
better I know wow this is why I'm single
Wow okay I'm a king Scarborough on a
walk because that's extreme cardio and
that will help me thanks to you for
doing that to me uh ready to go for a
walk please going to work have you ever
tried to blow in your dog's face watch
this game
Scott rum tries to block it
okay mommy won't do it anymore mommy
won't do it anymore
oh man Scarborough does not like walking
with that code I think for two seconds
that whole turn this cone right around
I'm like you little lampshade we need to
go for a walk but I think it's been
comfortable for him better to take him
on like small walks but I think he like
capital has head up that long maybe I
don't know what is two more days
in the meantime we got an exciting
package if you would call for a few
loves ago a sweetheart came over and
cooked me dinner he sent me a package
and I don't know what it is so let's
find out thank you so much for
everything I honestly would have been
happy to just meet you and give you some
yummy food or you went above and beyond
what I could have ever imagined oh you
wrote me a letter which I'm gonna read
not in public not all of these it
mosquitoes look at the presentation the
mini packs of skittles so I just grabbed
him on the go thank you so much I read
the letter these are actually kosher
skittles you mentioned to me in person
how you eat kosher skittles oh yeah see
you in the back I'm not a hundred
percent sure what language that is yo
I'm about to eat all of these I don't
have to shoot spice news for a while so
I need to like make this a home right
now this is just not acceptable let's
make this a home first let's get it in
focus now let's make it a home
not only am i cleaning and reorganizing
this closet but you're the green screen
everyone's for those two clothes
guess who just closed it a Mon Mon ting
that is better the time has come where I
have done enough work to justify
watching a little bit of TV I made my
viewable extra actions on the UN s our
agreement maybe I vegetarian almost
vegan bowl stir spicy and hopes that I
could drink some water right now so
stand back one day - this is going
exactly as planned
also I'm very full three I three big
glasses in less than an hour that I'm
just gonna I'm gonna peed the entire
ocean up but three thank you spicy Bowl
no good okey don't be the time is 11
p.m. my inbox is at zero I got all the
things I need to do today done I'm
feeling good drink three glasses of
water took a giant piss everything is
gravy and lovely I am going to end the
vlog here go to sleep tomorrow get this
have like just three things to do and
then I'm free which means I'm going to
do so much creative work I cannot wait
I'm so excited to make I'd you just come
to life and I hope your day was also let
me also thank you to everyone who showed
when you a video love I decided after
views I don't care you know it is two
weeks ago I literally much Hammel like
this hmm
and I already know if I reach out to you
to think like everything's fine when you
talk when I think literally all my
videos like since that two-week point is
like a pinpointed room and now they're
all struggling and I just don't
i'ma just keep doing what I love to do
try to be innovative but thank you to
everyone that tried in that first hour
to make it happen I see all your efforts
and I love ya I love you a lot until
tomorrow stay out
you
