hi mom and dad so a parent welcome back
blue sea level we hustle harder
productivity lives here and we are
resident in the moment what up t-shirt
reference my eyes are a little bit
better they still sting I'm just waiting
for the day when I wake up and I don't
even realize at surgery because I can't
even feel it I'm gonna step away from
the window because the light is just
shooting into my eyeballs I wake up with
a little less pain in my eyes I'm like I
am turning a new leaf here my life is
changing woke up at 6:00 a.m. why period
got my period here's the thing about
traveling your period comes in all types
of hours of the night that you're not
prepared for it oh my god damn so my
stomach was hurting I had to pop the
admiral's that's exam rat to get the
water thing and Peter thing and the
whole and the whole thing so I didn't
sleep very well it's all good because
we're still gonna have a very productive
day here's the missions you shoot a
quick ting with another creator have a
call have a meeting have another meeting
another meeting go through my inbox do
some TV research is today Thursday it's
today Thursday today Thursday today
Thursday it's Wednesday why okay just
kidding it's Wednesday well first we
need to feed you young boy they need to
feed you young boy oh my god I have a
friendship and they're here I have to
just say so if you don't know this would
be living under a rock Alicia took a
little break off YouTube and I was like
Queen I think I might have been like the
first person text should be like I'm so
proud of you this is so important go on
with your mentally sane life it was good
it was much needed and I think it could
have been one month if I like let myself
actually I thought it was gonna be like
Zen yoga me every day what workaholic so
soon as you got time off you're like
okay I need to write a movie script I
need to start a clothing line oh I'd
open to Instagram okay we did something
that you will find out about soon
hopefully this week with this quaint and
Scarborough's in love with her all right
baby
you want to learn how to do DIY beauty
awesome cool lifestyle stuff good aunt
Alicia wouldn't you say
I gotta see your ears up even though you
have the cone of shame it's team meeting
time who's excited haha excited you guys
thanks thank you excited look at this we
got juices look at all of it you're not
excited I am a girl this energy I'm
giving you or just gave me so much
energy you they gave me that shirt I
know you just stay on it I know Bobby
it's time for another surprise I'm gonna
call in three of my team members and try
to scare them but I'm gonna surprise
them with another trip Oh time I see it
I don't have a meeting of the council it
hasn't been very unfortunately yes ma'am
it'll lead back to the girls
unfortunately I'm okay and Tober
unfortunately we're doing some changes
to the company and I'm gonna have to
take you three if you're willing to the
UAE looking at a girls trip there's no
need to cry Lord you guys are down I
have a book event in charge I were just
20 minutes from Dubai and I could take
you three should you be willing to go to
help me with this book event no idea
what a great meeting with the team I
felt like I was empowering it was
inspiring it was great energy you know
why cuz I'm being present today I'm
practicing what I preach I'm on my way
to my next meeting now my eyesight is
really getting good
what's going on finally home finished
all my meetings for the day give me that
ball my uterus is surprisingly being
very cooperative so I'm very happy about
that thank you you're alright we are
gonna do a segment today because today
right I'm filming this for film filming
filming while I'm filming this it is
national respect your parents day
apparently so other called the parental
units and ask them why kids should
respect their parents and I'm open to
other questions ready miss go away
okay hi mom and dad so a parent
apparently today is national respect
your parents day exactly so I want to
ask you be honest you don't just change
your answers I'm recording you be honest
why do you think a mama asked you first
why do you think that kids should
respect their parents day what the first
answer was read Tojo's and record this
what I said mom why should kids respect
their parents what did you say no no she
said you just have to press because your
parents that's why me no reason okay why
should you respect your parents
what do you think you may give me no
Ferrari unconditionally don't be so
sincere I'm trying to funny everybody
look what's this what's this thing hey
what's this big youtube I'll be reminded
that I want
okay so that was like two kids that
don't respect their parents and you what
would you say what would you say to me
if I ever talk back to you that
translates to you're gonna eat some
slabs knowledge get something to eat
some slabs zero calories dad what would
you say to my dad a little politics well
I would say
you just remind us that what this remind
us dad how much money did you cum in
your pocket Canada yeah because I was
told ten dollars once upon a time of the
time also dollars oh my god so what
you're saying is your father used you to
smuggle cash
but the buddy
okay well the moral of the story is
you're both wonderful parents I respect
you you're lovely you're beautiful thank
you for being my parents dad you know
I'm gonna keep a copy of this the next
time dad yells our neighborhood like the
sit down conversation you know okay I
don't think we have that much memory
card left so am I so very instance yes
okay can I just we I need to give some
context here no Matt could you've met my
dad for 30 seconds or four years you
definitely heard the story you know when
I was a child I just stood on his
shoulder and I would have get off his
shoulders everything woman that ever
interact with my dad has heard this
story dad tell the story what's the
story what did I do that
oh well thank you very much for
participating you know my dad is public
speaking if he says every centers in the
world the world I think about you dump
your trash my mom fueler subtlety she's
like so much my parents are the best I
would take start running walk and I'ma
get to work also can I just say that
during my last meeting I came back to
the office and my team presented me with
a month-and-a-half production schedule
of what we're gonna shoot one videos you
know release you wish you had a team
like mine my team is just unmanned when
you're watching this only about four
more days so sweetheart has this come
you're doing great buddy
you're doing great you're you yeah yeah
thank you handsome boy I saw so many of
you on Twitter talk about ways to help
will live with their views and I suppose
it's a cutest thing ever I love y'all so
so much you're so kind to me all the
time and it's just overwhelming I do
want to straight-up say there is one way
you can help me I don't really care for
the views too much but there's one way
you can help the traction my videos as
you know videos usually are deemed like
you know clickable or not clickable
within the first hour or so of uploading
so if you are genuinely curious on how
you could help some of my uploads if you
care if not don't worry if you care it's
to watch them and engage with them and
like and comment Asif within the first
hour coz that's when like you know it's
the life of the videos most important so
that's what you can do on another note
of people who are actually successful
shades you videos number one trending on
YouTube what the king deserves to be
honest I'm so proud of him he's killing
the game he's so innovative here events
himself you read his content he's so
inspiring
so check out Shane stuff as long show
some love because the curtain has
arrived and he is thing I mean you're
the king - sweetheart - are you coming
down here soon when we can kiss you the
: part of your body now you're looking
the cone so special I just forget kills
my to-do list I did not kill my water
point I didn't have one glass of water
earlier today I show you but ya slack
and all that but I killed my to-do list
I would make myself some dinner a very
late one at 10:00 p.m. and watch two
hours of TV like I promised myself go to
bed at midnight and wake up early to
have another productive day the two
hours I'm about to watch for an hour for
some leisure but also some research kind
of stuff of life formats and like
storylines and stuff like that so cuz I
gotta yeah huh me up in here you know
I'll be menstruating I want to eat a
whole gallon of ice cream right now
you
