Brazil it's time to leave you
good morning the time is 10 something
we're supposed to check out by 9 but we
don't listen to that because it's such
an early time I'm packing my stuff and
the chaos of facking is just like okay I
don't want to take this stuff to Kenya
because my suitcase to have be something
like giving all this stuff back to
Humble and back to nada Jade tell they
trying to figure out what didn't seek
Kenya I have no idea
I've never even been anywhere close to
Kenya and I know we're going into a very
small village and so I just don't even
know which back so I'm just really
really guessing rockin alive I'm feeling
the travels right now last night I was
like I wanted to cry because I love
traveling do everywhere I'm gonna kind
of Miss my bed it was my shower
this is like my first full problems I'm
gonna totally regret saying this once I
like have a reality check in Kenya but
this shower here goes from freezing cold
just scorching hot with no warning so I
get getting burned in the shower and the
bed is always damn and then I just said
you really want to sleep in my bed and
use my toilet to poo but it's okay cuz
Kenya's gonna be life-changing and
amazing but yesterday I had a moment
where I was like my body hurts I'm tired
I can't do this but we're gonna do it
we're gonna do it it is video day I
don't know how I'm making a video I want
to make a video because I'm taking a
one-week hiatus after today once I get
to Kenya cuz I won't have electricity so
much time has to make a video don't know
it's happening because we're gonna keep
talking tal rooms and I won't know what
it record this but I'm gonna try our
best and then later on this evening
we're heading to Kenya which is like a
16 hour journey but I'm excited I'm
blessed and I feel grateful and right
now I'm just sleepy but once I wake up
properly I'm gonna be on but
you were so great we're southern for
freedom hours don't worry all right
doing his situation we're not his room
we're getting kicked out right now I
don't have a video I don't have a video
idea I didn't shot a video I took a nap
because I do my grandma head of
something I'm so tired but now I want to
sit by the pool with my laptop for an
hour
write a video find a place in the hotel
to shoot the video somehow someway I
don't know if I'll get them to barricade
a door or something how much is the
video and one game to a 545 move our 5
foot 5 I will release a video done
because in Kenya I'm not gonna be able
to it is not supposed really not
released Thursday Monday Thursday no I
will release the video today Ella not my
announcement it'll be very difficult
this for the best we found this Cabana
for me to shoot in and they're treating
it like it's their video so much effort
and care I'm humble the poet from not
show me what friendship means right now
just helping me out to the tea and I
expect that I respect that you small you
loyal
go buy yourself a house when you run out
of money you come back with dogs getting
out of that okay let's do this video
it's gonna be my teeth in part of Jeter
back into Instagram pictures because
that is the sec I've done a types of
friends part three and you guys been
requesting a parents reacting scrimp
which is part two for a long time I'm
trying to the videos you've liked so
much a part two and three to them to
show you that I suppose I appreciate you
supporting all my new endeavors but I
will continue to also give you the Ulta
old stuff you really really like because
I love you and can't let you and not as
an MVP what's up straight up MVP helping
me so much isn't she great team super
certified unified here making it happen
helping me above and beyond job
description 20% less ranking even though
she's bite-sized and half the size
part one Maria Rossi hello
si si really Texas one stupid it is min
chief you gotta do what you gotta do am
using my laptop to too much ease make up
was I having me my head hurt so much
it's okay we're almost done almost time
a parent would do 3:30 I have two hours
to do this done shooting but to edit the
way my head is hurting right now I
cannot describe I need to like shower
and Tiger Balm I've read at this is 4:15
gonna pitch my 5:45 and to edit in like
45 minutes and then hopefully takes it
out upload what are you doing alright so
we just finished another handsome wife I
got that to sit here because this is the
only all that that worked we gotta leave
in like 20 minutes
and I don't know if is notification on
time so it's an ahead to go bye-bye gods
please I work so hard household so hard
oh my god please live I just make this
upload to add to the stress fumbles pick
up time was wrong and now he's so close
to slide measly big right now right now
Bob see you in a week and I'll they take
care of the place turn on the AC show
the polar bears I'll be in Kenya
sweating Mazzara cuz this whore is in
Kenya now you know oh my god I just
realized something look at my flights
and
three flights to get ready to go so I'm
going from here at 9:00 a one-hour
flight from Rio de Janeiro to Sao Paulo
and
from there 3:15 a.m. Evan how long is
this flight
wait Walla
okay I have a 14-hour flight
Sal Paulo to Doha and from Doha I'm
going to Nairobi at 2:35 a.m. two ATMs
I'm not for the next next 30 hours I'm
traveling and then that's five minute
wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow well I'm
taking three flights like 30 hours so
I'm gonna traveling like two days
you know nobody says ready
my bus is ready this is not even close
to done hard not to be up late
oh my god alright so gentle have
happened I to leave the hotel and I had
to stop upload but now I'm on the bus
for an hour and I'm hot spotting off my
phone and it says 15 minutes and so I'm
just gonna deal with the hefty hefty
girl that's gonna come with this we just
gotta get this video before I can these
do fights what a stressful I've been
situation they also lost humbles back at
the hotel so she was late as well just
mattress and mattress mattress
video on my main channel my parents
racula is rapper just please get a
thumbs up hotel in that glitch it dear
poor like
I'll figure it out
thank you
distress jihad - okay just finished and
now my phone's on 10% and very few
people in ser port speak in English and
no one knows I'm talking about like
English stress we're gonna figure it out
I think this is the right place
machine's not working for me and
check-in that was fine everything's fine
what I just got 30 minute massage stall
at the airport it was so damn good I
deserved that ish though I'm gonna get
something to eat real quick and then I'm
gonna go forward my thirty-some our
journey to Nairobi to Kenya so my
flights a little delayed but that
doesn't matter because I have like a
five hour stop groaning then I start the
comments from yesterday's vlog and so
many feel like we hate the 360 bugs it's
not everyone's cup of tea I thought it'd
be cool you know because I've been in
your place but I'm not always into 360
vlogs so don't worry I'm just going to
do that like certain occasions another
thing I want to teach you is a lot of
you were like I don't wanna have to get
up and like move around you use your
finger to swipe to look around and 360
vloggers also feel like lying down or
something you don't have to physically
have
for those who then enjoyed them and
laugh because they don't like them door
you'll have a normal vlogs like this so
every once in a while Amit throws 361 oh
because I want to be creative and stuff
and even though I'm not gonna post vlogs
in Kenya cuz their Wi-Fi situations a
little cord stuff and maybe when I come
back I'll post stuff so just still good
to see what I did cuz when do a lot of
really cool girl of stuff with a lot of
really great women in Kenya so I'm
excited about it he knows what's up
mmm all right one flight down 28 more
hours to go I never read his blogs and
be like to two days because 28 more
hours to go
same weather that way oh yeah I slept
one hour so the next five 14 hours and
when trying to sleep / work you know I
say all the time but 14 I like for a
long time so I think I should do some
work also I have to pee
sometimes airport I think how you
pronounce just sau Paulo I don't know if
I'm saying that right but it's like we
would shit deserted I'm in some terminal
where there's no one else and I'm like
Hello am I the only one here am I going
to fly the plane
hello okay thank you Bay finally on this
flight I can't even comprehend my travel
situation after this the most I've ever
traveled because it's 14 hours on this
plane and three hours stopover and a
five-hour flight after this
so after this 14-hour flight still eight
hours literally worth it isn't it great
it's me amazing sister that's a real
humdinger going away from it's been 13
and a half hours about the land 30
minutes
we made it we're not there yet we're in
Doha right now I've actually never bring
you this Airport is sick it's like so
fancy it's very dubious the closest
place I've been is Dubai it's sick
this is sick so technologically advanced
as it slowly I put a little bit this is
like one of the sickest air boys ever
into the giant teddy bear I'd have a
gate yet so it finds where to sit eat
something and for the next three hours
my stopover I'm gonna work the dope yo
these dope cars like this I don't you
can sense how grand this Airport is
still expensive booth
okay here we talk about how good that
pasta and mashed potatoes was because it
was the best like past I've ever had in
my life it's been two and a half three
hours since I last blogged and I'm
headed on my last flight to Nairobi it
is not even half hot I'm not sorry I
don't have five and a half hours and
that will complete my thirty hours of
travel stuff I don't know what to do I'm
not tired I shouldn't be working on this
way but technically it's the middle of
the night in Nairobi and if I want to
adjust the time zone I should sleep I've
stopped all the flights which I'm not
complaining about because in general I'm
sleep-deprived so I could sleep forever
but maybe I should sleep so when I land
I'm not dying I don't know what fair
enough I'll figure it out
home stretch home stretch six hours left
Oh Kenya and my sister Lindsey just
released brave enough so I'm booked to
turn on my phone deal with those roaming
charges and download that album and
listen to it on repeat for six hours all
the way to Kenya because the love is
real you haven't done that already
you need to Raven up Lindsey Stirling's
just say
it's a little bit chilly I did not
foresee that we are here welcome to
Kenya I knew until y'all adult people
that are also coming on this trip Kyle
obviously is made me here Michelle is
gonna be here i J Winnie Harlow bridgit
mendler Becca Douglas and we doped with
people but now that we're officially
here I'm gonna end the vlog and I will
see you in one week I love you so much
and I'll miss you but it's gonna be
awesome and I can't wait to show you all
the stuff we're doing if you liked it
subscribe if you like it subscribe
