this is a mystery box from ebay I truly
no b.s don't know what the f is in there
welcome back to loosen slobs we hustle
harder and apparently I'm in the matrix
right now so here's the team my eye
surgery recovery is taking much longer
than anticipated almost everyone I asked
who got the surgery done was like yeah
yeah the first couple hours are hurting
the next day I was perfect I had 20/20
vision
nothing I'm on day three or four right
now I'm still like my eyes still burn I
still want to wear sunglasses I can't
stare to screen like I just had to tweak
a script and it hurt so badly so I still
can't like do work on the computer and I
call the dog yes I was like rock what I
haven't brought what's up and he's like
everyone's different different
sensitivity your eyes might be more
sensitive I'm like great Ted now here's
the mission for today's going to the
doctor's to get a check-up for my
shooting video one shooting video to
writing some spice news recording some
spice news either going to or ordering
some dinner and hopefully my eyeballs
will heal all that more let's do it my
recovery is going and that was your
recovery going Scarborough he's actually
playing a lot more now he is more to
himself yesterday I think he's ready for
the cone to be off but I might switch it
to a Velcro cone so I can take on and
off a little bit but you're doing great
buddy okay we suck what's up real quick
I just tweeted about this I'm not gonna
take too long I'm just gonna say this
very concisely because I don't want
negative energy in my world but a lot of
hate videos recently about me it's part
of the game reason is Lily's not funny
there's one channel that every video
they have has my name in it I'm not
stupid
I'm not born yesterday I know why you're
putting my name in the title you want
the clicks you want the attention that's
fine this is my request to all of my
fans because I saw one video that was
Louise fans responding to my video all
these people want is to get views and
attention comments and every time you
comment defending me they are gaining
from this their video is getting more
traction where people see it so if you
genuinely want to support me you will
not respond or interact with or watch
those negative videos because all you're
doing is helping those people are
connecting you to visit
Fixer is I don't even know about these
videos I find out what these videos one
of two ways one y'all are talking about
it and I see them I mentioned like oh
really and people had to go meet so
y'all let me know more than anything
else then to you to recommend it on my
recommended page it was a video called
why lily is not but you boy and you have
to take me seriously because I'm wearing
sunglasses I just went to my checkup
they said my flaps are healing
beautifully my eyes really dry that's
the pain so I got some more drops you
like those other drops you should only
use them like Max for five times a day
those other like lubricating drops I'm
like I've used them thirty so they gave
me these new drops that I can use as
many times as I want the mall understory
is just live through the page that's
what's important
thanks guys I said it whole world can
see itself I did two things just now one
I had a call in to I actually put makeup
on I even put a little bit of mascara on
and it was the most terrifying thing
I've ever done in my life cause like
don't touch the flap don't touch the
flap they said I could wear makeup the
next day it's been four so I'm more than
fine but I'm just so cautious of mascara
going in my eyes real exciting things oh
my god I don't want to get into this too
much but I'm in a little situation where
I'm like got to make some big decisions
about my career and I feel like YouTube
frustrating me is a really big
indication of like the directions I
should go but like I am so loyal to team
super on YouTube so I know a lot of
decisions we can make things we got I
gotta make some choices but we don't
need do that right now just know that
whatever I do I freaking love you it
doesn't mean I'm leaving YouTube I'm
just saying I've been I've been thinking
about some things because I was actually
messaging Casey nice day and I was like
the we're just talking about the the the
culture of YouTube is just not healthy
man it's not you whatever you need to do
in a video to get views it doesn't
matter if it's mentally healthy or good
for other people are good for the world
just kept the view there's just such a
toxic like and I don't wanna feel like
that I don't want to feel like I have to
do dramatic crap to get views and have
to do mentally unhealthy things to get
views like we've seen it time and time
again with creators that aren't their
best selves and are mentally healthy
because of this culture that YouTube has
created it's just not like it's not
great it's not something I'm proud of so
a lot of things we got to think about
here and I think most importantly what
we need to remember is that mascara
can't go in my eye
the couch talking it's gonna be very
like old a topic I'm glad you asked
Oh cam camera speed this is once you
take one so you gotta do there's only a
little that whiny chat one drop you can
do it
I trust you trusted my vision there
Pickwick before you do this not on my
eyeball in my eyelid are you serious
in my lid not everyone drop it around
your pupil no it's done feel it in
really yeah yeah like it's my shaking
hand on nerves I uh
yo vision can't stop okay if my eyes are
burning we should soul videos to that
number one is about how to use Instagram
or a replacement when you're on your
period because obviously requires
special technology number two is gonna
be a back-to-school video cuz I'm young
and in school about kids versus adult
back-to-school and honestly there's not
a better video that's related to me more
because once I'm at University and
before I go on it was Ben why did you
see you it's different in Canada I
didn't go to college I went to
university I was a hot FMS I literally
wore my PJs a school day like look Jimmy
was like I don't give it and I walked
through a whole campus wearing PJs game
zero apps palaces me talks a lot miss
University also your my views have been
hurting so what I did is I went ahead
and got I'm kidding I need to my laundry
don't be ridiculous boy your room
so what business advice would you give
Lily oh I say if you want to do a
business and be smarter and if you want
to make youtube videos make sure you're
a Power Ranger if not there's no point
you definitely don't want to be one of
those youtubers that just writes a book
or something
basketball is my fav I like the way to
Japan so fresh on the microphone like no
introduction when the game's off action
Robert so in high school I actually did
wear my hair in a bun and I always used
to put a pencil in it this is a real
thing and the funny thing is in class I
was like turning up forgot my pencil and
it would always be my hair but usually
he can actually like me right now we
figured out that we can't use that yet
all right so here's the deal my team
being like Vlad segment this is what
trends on the internet not like really
but apparently this is one of them this
is a mystery box from ebay I truly no BS
don't know what the f is inmate I don't
feel that whatever's in here is really
gonna shock me the way this thumbnail
led you to believe I'm gonna love this
this was twenty thirty dollars not
realize it was thousand so I'm not spook
it was twenty thirty dollars gonna open
this see what's that I don't even know
the theme I mean nothing okay what the
heck
first of all this looks sketchy and
folding egg just take a moment
oh my god super hot Street where I'm
very cold I wanted to say Steve Austin
but it's anyone that was that was a
villain stone cold is this new Marvel
oh ok for small or small it's like they
don't even know me
one of my boobs is gonna fit into the
circuit I think this is some sort of
villain from a movie who is this what
Nana's dad knows that was like
sedimentary rock I'm sure something to
do with rock igneous sedimentary
something is that right a shirt that's
in small scar broken Bernette so far I'm
gonna say that's a $10 value okay so
look over here it needs to be these $20
value can we go oh actually this is kind
of cool this is kind of cool
okay cool this is cool it's a new belt
it's not like anyone broke their belt
today it needs a new belt what I would
like this when I came here it's a bar
okay I'm kind of into this it's a Marvel
belt
it's a good seat belt okay I would pay
$20 with this so I feel like I have
already gotten my money's worth this is
great okay
Marvel bounce by the glass hundred
percent UV protection it's like then you
like they knew I got surgery
boom boom boom into it in addition hub
snacks spin something might nephew knows
what hub snatch try me
- hub snaps how's a hop snap me Taylor I
need your nerdy expertise yeah
what the hell is this is it the Green
Goblin this is the bean goblin no what
is that
it's vision cool vision oh good about
seems to be a few good or bad it's a
very good person a good person and that
we have Marvel 500 the hell is this
trash you'll this send me the thing from
Jeepers Creepers - how's it snapped
would you get I think the Justice League
the whole dress thing it looks like this
you know we got the Avengers flick them
stick them is this what this mother I
didn't think the kind of thing my mama
they were clicking them I'm assuming
this is that okay and what about stick
up wait it's like gum because it suck
them on right oh man what is this no
stick together
I took a $20 mystery box of ebay you can
do the same thing I'm not glad this made
it worthwhile so I feel like my $20 20
$30 less than so this concludes this
segment okay we forgot one thing also I
must be sketchy packing what the
okay this seems quite asking who's this
this is a villain
it's that Marvel villain really says
plushie emoji just went to dinner fat -
Romy's I'm full of pasta great I'm gonna
do some emails write some things prep
for a few meetings I have tomorrow
rights and spice in you and then hit the
hay so ever don't go downstairs baby
come here come in the box Carver when
we're walking back from the restaurant
decided to pee in the street and hold up
traffic he's just like no I'm peeing now
in here and you can't stop me and I was
like go forth son go for it oh my eyes
are not hurting that much anymore which
is great so I feel like I'm kind of
becoming a normal human I'm hoping when
I wake up tomorrow I'm gonna be
completely just I won't even think about
it and that's the goal tomorrow we got a
stack day that's right now let's wash my
face let's wash my face because you're
gonna help me wash my face door-to-door
do it not only did I apply the makeup I
removed the makeup I'll wash my face my
flaps done they're healing it's a lot of
vibe right now you're a very productive
day but fall asleep while writing some
stuff say scarborough's poop - you
pooped
I'm blocking all the traffic huh yum yum
sleeping thank you for joining me on
today and thank you for helping me and
for all your encouraging words during my
recovery I really really do appreciate
it kind words and care really go along
way when I jump on Twitter and I see
like hope you're doing well care and I
appreciate that I really really do thank
you for that let's see what you say
and tomorrow today when you watch this
week on hustle again Casteel nothing
stop us we don't stop we make every
second count
you
