welcome back to losing those we also
harder productivity lives your happy
weekend to you I am here is the mission
for today get laser eye surgery that's
pretty much it here's how this is gonna
go down right I'm gonna go because I've
been trying to figure out a date for so
long they're doing the consultation and
the actual surgery on the same day so
threat if everything goes well with the
consultation and they look and they
crunch the numbers BP Purdue prep and
they say yes you're good for surgery
right after I'm gonna get it done
apparently it only takes like 20 minutes
why can this camera not focus I mean I
mean maybe you need laser eye surgery it
takes about 20 minutes apparently you
are awake and it's something along the
lines of them like cutting a layer of
your eyeball off so I'm a little nervous
but I'm so stoked because I'm so over
wearing glasses glasses and wearing
makeup horrible combination also when
you lie down before I got glasses nobody
told me when you lie down you're dealing
with this like I'd be watching TV like
this literally I'm like okay yeah it's
just the whole situation glasses are not
for me my glasses for less than a year
already over that's going along on the
journey the 20/20 vision
I think the recovery is pretty fast I
think by tomorrow I'm fine but I think I
need were like protective goggles or
something so essentially it's gonna be
me with my goggles in Scarborough with
his coat we're just gonna like pose up
and drop the hottest mixtape I'm ready
to go are you ready to meet a new Lily
2020 place of Bishop Scarborough's being
a little naughty right now he's been
very aggressive yes he's being very
aggressive we're gonna give you a little
of a timeout sir I know you're mad about
the comb but you can't be biting okay
filling out this application form I know
nothing about anything I'm asking bugs
and everything so it was my last eye
exam 138 teen 130 18 am i pregnant
nursing both yeah Brogan are you nervous
are you nervous because after the
surgery I'm gonna be able to see through
all your lies this is my eye that's my
eye watching that's amazing that's
amazing I meant to thank you Mahalo
impressed with the technology so I was
like so stressed cause I'm like I'm not
gonna remember my prescription and
they're gonna ask it's through my
glasses really put him in a machine and
got all the information for anything
yeah I was like oh my god geez I don't
even remember nothing it's great correct
term is I don't we gonna cut in your eye
they make a flap on your eyeball and
peel it away
no I laugh like this but they're still
determining if I can actually get the
surgery tray which I hope we can I said
she has very healthy eyes because I only
see positivity
oh very healthy eyes and we're gonna do
the surgery today I signed all the
paperwork and I'm not be able to see
this cute face for a little bit show me
you ready we're gonna do this they show
you a whole instructional video it's
like a whole mother effin thing that's
not to get this place jokes because they
keep inching you closer and closer to
book surgery and I'm like seven
different waiting rooms just slow but
now we're right beside opinions it's
here this is where it's happening the
legit give you a teddy bear to like hold
I'm gonna be holding that teddy bear
they'll hang there this machine is gonna
go
everything is so blurry and fuzzy I feel
like this whole room is all pyrite then
there's smoke I'm gonna give you there
we go to you when we get to the
Carbonite
but another discomfort it's like
discomfort slash a second of like a
little bit of a little bit it's not like
but it's good it was fast it was a good
trip
there was like so many things I could
literally see that part of my eye being
peeled back like I could literally see
that flap being peeled up so it's like a
little bit like and it is intense is it
but it was good in fat and they're great
the staff at the hotel to be doing great
so good I was like I feel like I'm gonna
chief mid-trip broken said my pupils are
dilated you know just a little bit is
this just a little bit hey I don't know
if this is recording right now I can't
open my eyes they're burning so badly
Brogan went inside to pick up something
and they really need my chops in my eye
oh god I think my eyes are watering okay
okay
two minutes to be back I dunno if this
recording I got a lot Jesus Christ Jesus
Christ this hurts way more than
anticipated I can only take the numbing
drops every 10 minutes it's really this
much Jesus the left eye it's the left
eye that's doing it and everything is
very bright Oh God hey y'all got my
sleeping goggles on they said the best
thing to do to get home was just sleep
cuz I can't watch anything can't really
do anything so I was gonna go to sleep
we're gonna wake up the pain is gone as
well these are my sleeping goggles to
make sure it'll rub my eyes and then the
night sexy I look like a frickin dad on
a motorcycle right now I was able to
sleep for about thirty minutes
the pain is moved from my left eye to
the right eye now so I guess they're
like healing at different rates here's
the real T was it painless the actual
thing the actual surgery
it definitely not as bad as like a laser
sound but the discomfort definitely
leans into me you can also smell the
laser when it's happening you smell an
intense burning for a second and then
the drops I put in your eyes you can
taste them a little bit he said that's
normal because like something about a
into something the post though what I'm
experienced enough this is pretty
painful it feels like you know you get
something in your eye that burns like
imagine you get like a pepper in your
eye that's because just like that or it
feels like someone's only slicing
through my eye so like it's a
combination of me just trying to figure
out if it hurts more open or hurts more
close but those numbing drops are
blessed life blessed like by tomorrow I
should be okay my sock was coming over
in a little bit to like show off me and
distract me but it's kind of hard cuz
you can't do anything I can't like read
I can't look at a screen I can't watch
TV I can't we go outside so it's kind of
like I can't do anything
hey but that's the situation it is very
much so the next day I have had a very
rough past few hours I didn't sleep all
night I woke up every 20 minutes your
theme exaggerated no every 20 minutes
I'm talking 3:00 a.m. 3:20 a.m. 3:40
a.m. 4 4 4 is that for anyway every
three minutes to put drops in my eyes
those numbing drops here's the bad news
you can only use those for a certain
amount of time I am down to my singular
last drop literal last drop of numbing
drops in which case after that is done I
just have to bear with the pain about
every 30 minutes it feels like someone
is slicing my eyeball in two and it
throbs and that's why I put the numbing
drops in so after I've done this last
drop that's it there's no more that's
that's not that's what it is then you
just go through it so this post pain of
this surgery has been much greater than
anticipated it is the literal torture
but I'm hoping in my visions 90 100 %
also so like I have everything still
very blurry to me I'm hoping by tomorrow
everything resumed as of right now
things are still very bright and things
are very blurry ah I am sweating
profusely from how much this hurts right
now ok for the vision for the 20/20
vision
goddamn better if you're gonna never do
this just make sure you have someone
with you for the post days because no
one talks about this part enough
different every person my eyes are on
fire every week
blink I tear falls out of my eye it is
unbearable I'm an analogue here and take
some things I can go to sleep because
I'm going to die right now so let's see
pretty friggin good tell tomorrow where
hopefully I can see bye
you
