Oh God the subject is called elbow I
love Lily sings vlog we have a heart of
productivity lives here it is Friday
today supposed to be my catch-up date I
have so much stuff to do an in surely
fashion I have stacked my plate to an
unrealistic degree here's the mission of
today's you write some spice you shoot
some spice news edit some spice news go
through my inbox possibly memorize some
auditions take care of my puppy all that
more let's do it let's have a real talk
conversation right now I'm not in what
you're thinking I'm not bottom sheet
because my hair is still open so I'm not
biting Jude yet but I wrote some spice
news give me the points I woke up early
and did that also woke up early and fed
my pup who is so fat and it's still a
little bit drugged up boom boom boom
boom okay here's the team so I have no
shame in admitting to that I don't edit
spice news spice news is beyond my realm
of knowing how to edit there's so much
visual effects and like animations that
I just don't know how to do so I don't
edit spice news having said that this
week I reasons I don't need to explain I
have to edit spice news
why don't have to I would miss one if I
didn't edit it so of course me and the
leaf action I was like you know I'll
just I'll just try to edit it I have no
idea how to do this at all whatsoever no
bail a situation I'm gonna try my best
and here's the real gag tomorrow morning
I'm getting laser eye surgery which
means I have just until tonight to edit
it which is an impossible amount of time
because my other editor takes in like
three four days I'm gonna try to written
like eight hour before I have my laser
eye surgery because once I get that done
I won't be able to edit anymore so stay
tuned sweetheart how you look in your
cone are you looking your cone you look
so cute you look so cute everybody's
talking about it
say mommy I'm hi is that still
hello Bungie this in here we just
finished recording some spice and news
I'm looking at poor boys scarf oh he's
very sad and I remember when I carried
her it was very sad I'm very spilling
sorry for you my friend i'm sorry when
the veter neutered me i was very sad
very sad you will be happy boy you will
be happy boy Louie I'm happy boy now
okay thank you
time master editor teach me everything
you know in 15 minutes
okay so I won't lie I understood about
like 60% of what Taylor said super
complicated I'm gonna be realistic and
say I don't actually know if I can get
this done before I go by but it might be
a delay of spice news if I have to
continue working on Sunday or Monday but
I'm committed to doing this the only
issue is if I can do it by tonight but
I'm committed to doing this it is like
you challenge way beyond my scope of
knowledge and skill but I'm gonna try
hey hey I'm gonna be a my for a few
hours bye
okay so it's several several hours later
I have necessary editing yet why my
computer cannot handle and does not have
the proper stuff to edit this so the
past couple hours I've been trying to
figure out a workaround right take a
computer trying everything possible
because I'm like y'all I want to try
doing this it's almost 5 o'clock now and
I'm officially being like at this point
even if I started right now there would
not be enough time so I'm saying words I
rarely say which is I'm giving up I'm
not giving up doing if there's gonna be
an episode of hold on it's not red
anymore ok it's right it's not giving up
as much as this like knowing where to
draw the line so I'm gonna use this
energy I have right now and this anger I
have lose this point man and destroy and
kill my inbox and my other work I'm
still gonna be so productive let's do it
oh what an epic waste of time nothing
annoys me more than wasting my time
because I have such limited time I'm
gonna manifest and redirect all of this
energy and feeling into being productive
right now going through my inbox
reviewing a lot of crap I have like 80
emails that might not seem too much but
it's my personal inbox which means every
email is important so yes get to work
stop what you're doing I am 57 emails
left wrap crucial news to tell crucial
for the next three months 1 2 3 only 3
months as much I am opening APO box here
in LA
if you recall if he's an OG I did have
one for a period of time in Toronto and
I used to get sent a whole bunch of
crazy stuff I thought it'd be a fun vlog
segment to have a peel box so I've
opened it for three months the address
is in the description if you would like
to send me anything I will be doing
openings on the vlog channel so go ahead
and do that you got three months if you
want if you don't ignore this but if you
do you got three months how much for
know what that momma has done it again
be happy young boy be happy vitamin C
water and dinner is popping up boom boom
pow also give Scarborough his medicine
it's amazing like I kind of understand
motherhood I never forget things for him
if I've given medicine freedom anything
nothing the rest of my life like frig
what I do did I eat him I like
understand now how my mom
yes I'm comparing Scarborough and me to
my mom and me well like I understand
house you should never forget things
when it was taking care of me picking me
up doing anything like I get it I get it
the mother's love you might as well call
me DJ Khaled cuz another one thank the
Lord I have cleared my emboss that is
9:22 p.m. and your girl got it done and
not only just done like thoroughly
mother actually wait I forgot to do that
one thing hold on okay ah yeah I've
cleared my inbox but I got to the one
thing Bob before I do this one thing fun
blog segmental art okey-dokey so online
there's this trend of like reading my
haters Amazon reviews or something right
so I was like yo why focus on the haters
I want to focus on the lovers so I have
compiled a list of reviews which I think
are all fans my team actually compiled
them so I think they're all fans but I'm
gonna read my fans Amazon reviews
specifically for my how to be a boss
book now I'm super nervous and stressed
about this because that book is like my
baby and it's like I'm like nervous I
don't know under it's okay
no dr. G a constant reader okay alright
oh god the subject is called although I
love Lilly Singh's vlog
although I love the listings blog movie
lipstick no I was a little concerned
that this book would be so filled with
pop culture
references that the meat might get
obscured happily not and I should have
known better the book is interesting
fast-paced and Lily's tone comes through
in every line in addition I love a woman
who is not afraid to use semicolons
correctly that's my thank you oh my god
thank you so much to me I love the
honesty in the beginning - I'm into it
grace William I haven't finished this
book yet but it has already changed my
life I'm a 36 years old woman who found
in love with Lily's positivity I wanted
to book because I'm looking forward to
making big changes in my life and you
the motivation typos but maybe in a rush
or maybe English not first language I
have a 10 year old who was diagnosed
with ADHD we've been having issues with
discipline teaching himself love he read
the first chapter because it was titled
Nintendo this kid loves his video games
because of her analogy I was able to
explain to my son that I was his game
designer when I set rules I'm not the
enemy I'm only making rules to give him
more skills and character that's so
sweet
real world application that makes me so
happy thank you so much grace this
person's name is just M simple this book
has genuinely got me off my baby she's
honestly someone that has earned this
recognition and her book speaks to the
value of what she's making totally
truthfully the book is written in a tone
that if you don't really know how she
speaks it takes a moment to get used to
this tone specifically speak to the pot
okay there's a run-on sentence there but
I get my tone is very like particularly
yeah it's my favorite book by far and a
hundred percent worth your money sorry I
keep stumbling on my words because like
I'm nervous I'm really nervous yes I
have both the hardcover and the
audiobook tried to order the hardcover
because the quality of the book is
genuinely amazing beautiful photos
quality pages vivid colors thank you I
was so adamant on like how the pages
felt and how the colors look thank you
this is brightening my mother effing
daddy diversified interest girl says I
was expecting this book to be complete
fluff and it actually wasn't it would be
a great gift for a 19 to 25 year old
female so I was a bit old for it that
said Lily does a really good job at
incorporating the best other
productivity success grooves and writing
in a way that will resonate with her
audience hats off to that thank I also
didn't want the book to be full of fluff
I was like yo this can't be a tumblr
quote month every situation Christine
and
says I was not expecting this book to be
so good if you're struggling through
life you need this book her mental
health advice is so accessible for
millenials creatives gamers I believe
it's what we've been missing oh my god
I'm sweating literally sweating because
I'm so nervous reading this Amy moon
says I thoroughly enjoyed this book if
you're looking for a woman empowerment
book and like to laugh out loud this is
perfect for you I love the loud part I
think when you're reading something you
laugh out loud there's such magic to
that I do that with Mindy's book
specifically like I was on a plane and I
was dyed why don't I do this every day
just fantastic Medini whereas inky
simple changed my life it's so short and
sweet like oh my goodness Christ with
beautifully written chapters with a
touch of emotion and a side of
awesomesauce humor this book is a
must-have for everyone no matter if you
are a student production manager office
assistant or president of the USA I love
the leaf of her youtube channel and this
book makes me feel like I know Lilly
personally which I love so much arjan K
says first of all I'm very specific
about books you let them know I follow
in these vlogs every single day she
always used to talk about her book and I
was like really should I get it till the
last few days I was not sure when I
started reading the first few pages I
was amazed it was so relatable that I
was in shock I've completed twenty
chapters right now and every chapter
gives you inspiration to live your life
to the fullest and be a bomb I'm so used
to her accent of talking that I can
listen to her voice I didn't listen
I think Trice I can hear her voice while
reading the book I wanted to give this
book to everyone I know on their
birthdays thank you
there's so many but I'm gonna do a few
more I'm like overwhelmed truly Lynne
Thompson
I am a happy 72 year old woman who's had
a very successful life and three
successful careers I expect it to
continue another 25 years I loved your
book and learned quite a lot from you
you are the delightful superwoman when a
wise Queen was years of wisdom rose me
the compliment thank you so much
goodness okay we're due last one here
because I'm getting a voicemail and I
can't deal and I'm like have heart
attack it's by Rohit Bhargava there is
no shortage of guide books to career and
life success written by influencers
whose sole career bullet point involves
creating videos that have amassed
millions of fans and followers many of
them are naive and forgettable attempts
to cash in on fleeting popularity this
book is different right ultimately what
makes this collection of tips so
readable and worthwhile is the
authenticity of the author that comes
through in her writing just as it does
in her videos the book actually feels
like you're sitting down getting advice
from Singh herself Singh when they call
you by your last name you know it's real
we'll just presumably the reason why
anyone wanted to read in the first place
this is the perfect non obvious business
book holiday gift to give the
up-and-coming professional in your life
this book was shortlisted as part of the
non obvious business book awards really
oh my god like well-structured review oh
my goodness I actually did not know
there's so many reviews for how to be a
boss and I am shook to my core right now
because that book means so much to me
this is not meant to be a plug by any
means if you want the book Lua Singh
Kham but I don't care that's not my goal
here in case you're new to the vlogs and
you didn't know I had a book I do it's
there don't worry about it if you don't
want it though but oh my god thank you
so much to everyone that wrote an Amazon
review I am like I feel like my skin
just cleared I feel like I freakin when
I take off my pants there won't be as
many red lines due to the pressure I
really just feel like I'm a new person
my eyebrows got slightly more full just
by reading these reviews I'm just my
nails owner just I feel better I feel
better as a human so thank you to every
single one of you that did that because
that is tremendous also on that note I
like I said this vlog segment is usually
done with haters reviews if y'all have
any vlog segments ideas comment below
and let me know if there's something I'm
missing or not doing I would be happy to
do it if it's not trash I don't care if
I get zero views I'm not doing trash all
righty I had a really productive last
year
I really feel like I made up for the
nonsense that happened earlier today
take a good look this is one the last
times you're gonna see me wearing
glasses
stay tuned for tomorrow why go through
surgery people are asking me am i
nervous I kind of have to be honest
because I'm like you're awake when they
cut into your eyeball just say so stay
tuned for that today until tomorrow
we're gonna go from four eyes till two
wise unless I want like unless there's
an OOTD that requires them and where I
might put them on back again just look
it's like a vibe whatever
you
