Scarborough is literally so drugged up
welcome back we also harder productivity
lives here and today we are definitely
going to hustle because my day is did
you did you just act here's you take
Scarborough to the vet to get neutered
uh tweak a script have a meeting how
lunch meeting shoot a video have a call
go to a girl no screaming come home and
hopefully sleep goddammit all that more
let's do it I actually hit my head
against cameras now so I'm dropping off
Scarborough it is 7:30 a.m. right now I
went to bed at about 2:00 because of jet
lag I woke up pretty naturally but I'm
really tired still I wish I went to bed
earlier but it is what it is I'm gonna
see if I can take a nap later on today
but the good news is because of this
like jet lag will probably be completely
gone tonight I'll probably fall asleep
early little boy is getting neutered a
part of the reason I was up so late is
so just googling like he was about
neutering your dog and just to get all
the pros and benefits and ultimately
good for their health etc etc but I'm
just so nervous because I know he's
gonna be miserable in this cone that he
has to wear for two weeks and he's gonna
have to wear any not gonna be able to go
up and down the stairs and this will be
a whole thing I don't feel horrible but
sweetheart mommy loves you this for your
own good okay Papa he's for your own
good should we go did you stay hurt your
tongue at me can we get a replay of
Scarborough just blatantly sickness time
at me we call I don't there's gonna be a
yawn but no he just trait up was like
mmm okay let's go pumpkin okay I dropped
them off a civilian questions like oh
sure he's the right age it's a good
thing I'm like that nerdy mom and like
is so stressed about everything but you
know what I don't care because I love
Scarborough for a lot of reasons but one
of the reasons is he like taught me how
to really care about something like of
course I care about my family and
friends but I care about him so much as
a nice to care about something other
than my job like it's in especially in
LA where like I live alone and so it's
nice to care about someone and some
things God wrote more than my job so
like yeah I've sacrificed my job B's for
him so it's just small baby you were so
nervous when he went in but he's gonna
be great he's gonna be great
okie dokie back home we'll make some
breakfast oh I can't nap right now I'm
so tired by camp nap right now I'll make
some breakfast a smoothie an egg salad
but get to work and try to distract
myself long enough to sleep tonight
because Jordan is I don't
like completely get rid of the pattern
naman I want to sleep early and wake up
early I do enjoy waking up
I like seven and it I just I'm not a
morning person I can't do it but if my
body could fall asleep earlier naturally
then I'd be able to wake up better in
the morning so I'm trying to maintain a
little bit of the new pattern but that's
required me to fight and sleep tonight
at a proper time boom boom pow
so another college should I add it to my
schedule but it's okay because during
breakfast at the top of myself I said
thank you for this food and I also said
today what we're gonna do is gonna work
with efficiency productivity and just
laser vision so I have a lot of things
to do today
and I'm not gonna spend any time being
like Frank Frank I got do the spring I'm
tired no I'm just gonna focus on what I
need to do go to bed at a reasonable
time that is my goal just finished in
the nick of time 947 a and I'll have
time to poop start doing makeup because
I have a call in 13 minutes let's do it
Go Go Go no hesitation no stress busy is
a blessing let's do it
got a love conference called music huh I
went a multitask do it make about the
same time because right after this call
we got ahead to our meeting I didn't
poop yet I tried but it wouldn't happen
the okay suited and booted just kidding
I'm wearing a denim shirt it's not that
serious I'm not called ahead to my
meeting it isn't so hot in LA where
usually no in the mornings it's like not
that hot and it gets hard though today
at 7 8 a.m. it's like blazing huh I am
so here but I couldn't be more here for
this I'm dropping a pin this is where I
will be I'm here for this y'all ready
for this I am 15 minutes early where am
i meeting back from my meeting you know
I love the water there's just two strong
females in the room meeting with me and
my develop makes like four females in
the room I love it because I'm doesn't
talk what I do you know sometime that
always but male execs are like no no I
don't get it but these females was like
yes I'm all for to come home complete
stranger in my house just here taking my
parking spot yeah it's okay also look at
the developments we took off the desk
and boom look at this wow wow wow it's a
fighting
are you okay I dropped you on the car
and now you're not gonna focus what I
just dropped my camera everything's fine
there we go yes your brain it's fine you
girl 30 unexpected minutes before her
lunch so I'm going to use this time like
I said every moment count laser vision
I'm gonna use this time to get ahead on
emails so that my future self can thank
me and I disappeared by that awkward
moment where I'm actually very very
wrong and I was supposed to go to the
restaurant early to have another meeting
before that meeting just kidding let's
go little shoe change so I'm about to
have a lunch meeting with someone so
dumb if you recall my nephews are upset
with this guy named flippy and you my
vlogs in the past when you see my
nephews like hypnotized it's this guy on
YouTube named Gliffy he flew here to
have a lunch reading so we're meeting
ever like yes Daddy because I wouldn't
be the coolest and ever to my nephew so
I'm gonna shamelessly ask for a selfie
as well dad do it oh yeah this schedule
Papa Papa I do we've learned a little
early I gotta start shooting 15 minutes
ago to make it on time for my screening
but check these features out the coolest
and ever he's a gem you guys want me to
read your line before I do those also
help you remember
it's been a minute I know y'all miss me
but it's been a minute longer since
we've seen this sweeter team let's go
see em Lily okay too much cuteness Oh
oh my god in the script I wrote look
what I did
oh my god
I'm canceled I am I'm so super you get
this for being the best fans in the
whole wide world
it's playing probably 99 cents but it's
priceless
although is anything but the thought all
right finish shooting this video with 40
minutes to spare a real 40 minutes not a
fake one like last time when we respond
to some BMO's for real now before I head
to the girl love screening up this spy
who dumped me more on that soon for now
I wonder how Scarborough's doing I see
that this is the worst because I don't
know if I'll be able to go pick him up
bro we might have to pick him up I wish
it could be me but I have to host the
screening I think they're wearing later
than they thought to be going with him
my baby's probably so scared right now
shooting we all headed to the girl love
a screening brodien when you pick up
Scarborough can you put some hugs and
kisses
are you excited are you excited are you
excited are you excited are you excited
Explorer is ready
hi Lily see choose the thing my friends
don't recognize me I recognize my friend
hold on don't leave me like there's not
because that sounded like though we're
paying for a food screaming I know
that's not what we're gonna get an
exclusive early screen so other people
can't be doing this right now
you are VIP right now an exclusive
screen knock the spy me every time I
travel with my best friend I can my team
weekend to all types of shenanigans
you're all hot messes so we really
related to this movie and I think you're
really gonna enjoy it as well why do you
enjoy this fun the mic a great time the
theater was freezing and the whole movie
I got bleeding over to the second I
remember when I said I should have
brought my shotgun he was like in this
weather and - every fiber we're just
talking about how you are all so funny
team super so funny like how you sass me
and it's the perfect combination like
admiring me but like hurting my feelings
also it's perfect and we're talking
about like because obviously the psycho
you know
girl love working some though she's
tweeted a few times and we're just
talking about you will not let us make a
mistake one word but she was like a new
employee like she make spelling mistakes
yo we saw ha ha try again
you think we a see I got the screenshots
to prove it so many screenshots of my
mistakes
exploding around tonight y'all ruthless
oh my babies apparently did so well that
his baby teeth taken out I knew dude he
did show good didn't you yes mommy give
me really well he's so special
he's especially good boy his cones gonna
be on him for 10 to 14 days so very well
you're dating a special boy how could he
take he's minding you smiling cause you
did feel good baby my goodness
camera can't even focus on your YouTube
killed its you cute I know I know she
Scarborough is literally so drugged up I
just took him I'm like Scarborough go
potty on the man you stood there like
hey you dopey baby
yes mommy I'm dopey here cuz sweetheart
good boy good boy sweetheart
dude where's my car you can lie down you
guys he's so cute sweet her look at you
he's just gonna stand J cuz he still has
the drugs on him so he's like doesn't
know what's happening - okay sweetheart
you're doing great you're doing great
okay hi yo I'm gonna call it a night
it's only 9:00 something but I did a lot
of things today I'm actually go through
some emails right now and probably fall
asleep reading tomorrow I've locked the
whole day to do working catch up on
things so I don't feel too guilty
falling asleep right now
shoutouts to whoever watch my new video
ghosted hunters I'm not gonna lie you to
be stressing me out you know I don't
care about the views like I've trained
myself to not care but my last
videos have been so poorly infused realm
likes it even makes sense like the money
I'm spending on these videos like I just
don't understand you too many more and
the things I get views I'm like it's
just so reality TV based like when I
started YouTube it was sketch comedy and
now so saying unless you're doing with
drama or like something major like that
is pointless honestly it's pointless so
it's pretty discouraging but it is what
it is I don't know this this video I
posted I thought it was so funny and it
got such little views my parents react
years ago it's gotten a little visa and
these are like videos that were my top
formats before so I don't know I don't
know man but anyways until tomorrow we
gonna get some work done and we go sail
it and scarbrow keep him in your father
you
