advance warning that today's vlog is
gonna have so much random
good morning the time is 11:00 I am bow
tied to the dentist but first we'll have
some oatmeal
I'm women Nike shirt and tank tops yeah
the south coast in Burgundy you just
stretch a little bit throw on my
paddling sliders look at me
we're all new fresh stuff looking like a
swag down Oreo cookie and ish
also blood clot is gone the blood cut on
my hand is officially gone that's for
the super dope I'm at the dentist and I
got a rant about a few things
just because I care about the world and
people but I'm around later at the
dentist right now I go my convince my
dentist that I know where my booze line
12 hours date 22 hours you're putting
two ish hours you know like you know
like 18 are you eight or whatever you
know you know whatever oh me oh all
right so yesterday if card was about
self love deported faxes today is about
ooh power I see where this says power I
am strong I am grounded I am powerful
I'm like a cross between a dinosaur and
a tank but not a tank that is used for
war I am like a peaceful loving Dino
tank who feels so strong it doesn't need
to do anything but be tank asaurus oh my
god that is amazing
powerful strong grounded you were
powerful you decide what's gonna happen
because you are the almighty powerful in
your life think about who could be more
powerful than you in your life doesn't
make any sense it's your life you should
be the most powerful think about that
speaking of dragons did they even say
Deepa dragons dinosaurs close like the
cousin of the Dragons your carcass is
waiting for me downstairs now we're
gonna head to the dentist - what's
crack-a-lacking
and the video I shot with Connor
yesterday is actually released next
Monday and I'm excited for it I hope you
like it until then my video for Thursday
tomorrow is already done
I'm trying my best to start getting my
videos on in advance
I've said this a bazillion times in my
life this time I'm a friggin I'm
forgetting try to do it I'm gonna videos
on death advance advance advance I can't
speak in my vlogs why do you watch my
vlogs I don't speak English and I don't
speak well and I also just eat oatmeal
all day long and sit photo computer why
do you watch my don't know increase your
standard time you should be watching my
definite like
people that do like cool stuff I'm just
kidding my old meals everybody turn the
F up hey yo what's poppin I realize this
is wonderful - for that my blog camera
just sits on so I have to be dangerous
in vlog while driving hands-free up in
here
head to the dentists I'm always like 5
minutes late I need to work on that boy
Simon's late I always leave early that
I'm always like Frank it's taken me five
more minutes today somehow it's a
beautiful day today I think I started
I'm going to move parents Zac Efron's
new movie I believe called Mike and Dave
need wedding dates some sight to see
that none that he's gonna come with me
so that's really really dope bring get
my hair and makeup done for that as well
so I need to go home and wash my her but
that's pretty much was crackalacking I'm
stuck in traffic traffic is clearing up
so your car's okay so we learned that
the vlogging camera will follow if we go
to cars do I just got my teeth shaved
that's right you know as an Indian woman
I shave a lot of other things my legs
and my earth thing else but I got my
teeth shape which is the first
introduced Okhrana so she shaved a
little bit so my teeth move a bit more
let's just say I bled a little bit so
I'm kind of like but I also look look
look look look jerk iris take me home
okay
so I said this is gonna start off with a
little bit of a rant of my teeth a
little bit buddy I'm sorry but this is
what I've been thinking but it's a lot
it actually kept me up at night because
you know I'm like oddly passionate about
things so inevitably there's gonna be
like a three-minute rap what's important
to me when I first start I want to
preface this with you know what let me
just I'm actually I don't even have my
container front of it amazing wave is my
house I can like speak a hundred percent
perfectly hold on okay so I'm gonna
preface this with my intention and it
was it my intention is to spread
positivity right now it is not to be
judgmental
it's to spread positivity is also in
hopes of doing my little bit not that I
am the know all of the world but I like
when people think critically I think
that's important and so those are my
intentions that is not to say people are
wrong and people are right I understand
there's very rarely right and wrong
there's different this is me being
passionate about the cause and trying to
help it so I'm gonna preface the rant
with that okay so yesterday I tweeted
because there's a hashtag that was
trending called hydrosec heterosexual
pride day and that irritated me and I'm
sometimes I will admit I'm self aware
I'm not the most patient person when it
comes to ignorance I had this thing
where like I get heated I'm oh my god I
get really bothering people are ignorant
but I realize that that's not the best
way to act like sometimes dialogue and
discussion and education are important
and those things require patience that's
what I'm trying to be right now that
hashtag bothered me even the majority of
the people using that hashtag we're
making fun of it and saying how
unnecessary it was I've made a tweet
that said and I'm gonna read the tweet
just so I don't make up crap and I save
word-for-word what it was I tweeted
saying yeah I tweeted saying yeah where
is it okay I put it thing called
yourself every time I said I do you
think I tweeted thing if there's someone
who tweets hashtag heterosexual pride
day you probably also tweet all lives
matter and like a boy we probably won't
get along and a lot of people were like
Amen but of course there are a huge
group of people that were like what the
f why is this wrong I'm going to discuss
three things one is gonna be
heterosexual pride day one is going to
be the whole all lives matter situation
and related to that is gonna be like oh
boy
okay everyone should be proud of their
sexuality of their skin color everyone
should unapologetically part of who they
are
period however heterosexual Pride Day is
in my opinion I believe a slap in the
face to pride like you know this is the
month of pride where gay lesbian trans
where all those letters some of them I
prefer getting but all of those people
celebrate pride because they face
inequality they face lack of equity they
face a lot of hate they get killed for
their sexuality they don't have the same
rights as straight people they face a
lot of adversity and therefore their
pride is a sense of empowerment because
they've had to fight for a lot of things
now when you have a group of people who
are using pride and using a hashtag or
using anything
fight for their rights then you come and
say well I'm not included in this it
might be because you don't face the same
hostility towards your sexuality and
this isn't really worthy is the blunt
way of saying you don't need a
heterosexual pride day cuz every day is
heterosexual pride day kid you are
allowed to get married in more countries
than gay people are I can't think of one
country where gay people are allowed to
get married and straight people are not
okay
generally people don't get killed for
being straight generally people don't
get bullied for being straight and
people were just like what I can't be
proud of being heterosexual be proud but
if there's a month dedicated to a group
of people who have gone through so much
let them have it you know it doesn't
matter if you're not included in a
hashtag be happy you don't need the
hashtag you don't say and then a lot of
people treated me being like oh so now I
can't say all lives matter okay the
thing about all lives matter it is all
lives matter that hashtag was a response
to the hashtag black lives matter and
the hashtag is black lives matter it's
not only black lives matter they're just
saying hey we're experiencing a time
where in court black people are being
treated unjustly not only black people
many people do agree but specifically a
lot of black people get treated poorly
they get targeted by police they're
getting treated unfairly by police
they're young get clean water in certain
cities they are facing a lot of
adversity therefore they're saying our
hashtag is black lives matter to not
saying if everyone else but then people
who aren't black would be like what my
life matters to again certain groups of
people require certain levels of help
specific types of help help and specific
types of empowerment and if you are not
included in that hashtag it's okay not
everything has to be about you you don't
have to be like oh well my life doesn't
matter not no you don't need to have
that mentality same with like a boy when
Dov had their campaign like a girl the
Hope run like a girl I fight like a girl
it was a female empowerment thing and
all these guys got like a boy trending
Hey
boys did you have to fight for the right
to vote like do you deal with and you
deal with your own issues granted
there's a lot of issues that guys do
with that girls don't and so there's
definitely issues on both sides but
historically females have been
suppressed therefore we require a
certain level of empowerment and help to
regain self-esteem for a lot of our
younger generations of grossen this is a
wordy way of me saying shut the F up you
don't need one you've always had the
upper hand in situation so let us have
the hash tag I just feel like it's a
slap in the face to people who are going
through something for you to come back
well this hash tag does include me so
I'm gonna make it's a kept me honest
it's like engagement species pandas are
endangered okay and maybe like what's
another animals non danger what's that
what's a net why can I think of a single
animal now let's say oh my god I think
that we're just killing everyone on the
planet that we know let's just say like
okay I literally captive a signal atom
or monkeys let's just say monkeys and
monkeys are endangered I'm sorry I'm
unaware but let's say there's pandas and
monkeys you take special care of pandas
because they're endangered so when you
say save the pandas you're not saying F
the monkeys go kill the monkey you're
just saying that in this time and place
pan doesn't need more of our help
because they're being treated and
targeted in a certain way that's what
it's kind of so what I wasn't man I
wasn't offending anyone to be honest I'm
not apologizing because I really do
believe when I stab everyone you
wouldn't see more critically if you're
one of the people that tweeted me being
like well all lives matter and not just
black lives matter it's not about that
it's about equity and humble opponents
taught me the great difference between
equality and equity and that is equality
is treating everyone the same regardless
that is not the best way to do things I
know we use the word equality loosely I
probably used it incorrectly as well
equity is what you want that's when
people have treated how they need to be
treated so that means that equality
would mean hey everyone's gonna walk up
this staircase of 50 stairs to get into
the school
that's equality equity is that hey we're
also gonna have a ramp so people in
wheelchairs can get into the school
because that's what they need to be
treated
that is the end of my rant that is what
I'm trying to get across we're in this
together humanity I still have faith and
I kind of feel some type of way because
I do comedy and recently my Twitter
Nance is like political like whatever
and I'm not gonna be apologetic um but I
still want to make people laugh but I
believe in things and I stand for things
and I don't to be super preachy about
them so I'll never tell you what to
think but I would just like to show you
a different side that you might have not
been exposed to before it so that's
pretty much it other than that this has
been 7 minutes long I apologize this
might be super long blog but I want to
get this out there I love you it's a
great day Invisalign in Invisalign in
your cars
let's go also I mean I do need to get
better at learning all the letters in
the acronym lgbtq+ is that correct I'm
sorry festive that incorrectly but I
don't what I don't know if you notice I
have a group of stutter like slur
sometimes I talk and I can't like I
acronyms like that are struggle for me
but yeah I'm gonna take well I'm like
see it also might be because the buttons
on my teeth um so I used to but I'm
going to wash my hair so that when Renee
comes to do my hair he doesn't have to
feel like he's braiding french fries and
my hair um and that's was correctly make
you feel what I'm gonna wear your I know
where I see you you know what I'm gonna
wear
Bobby spoils with the poppy unicorn
sticky-notes
unicorn phone case what keyring oh man I
just buy it on the card just put the key
ring on it this butyl corn was it mama
murmur corns mermaiden unicorn oh my god
what is this more sticking okay if you
know anything what we know I'm addicted
to stick your notes and post I think I'm
addicted have a problem legit problem oh
my god are these don't even tell me
don't even tell me these are temporary
tattoos I'm after what YouTube I don't
I'm are you two anymore because I'm
doing this with my life
thanks Bobby and you have something the
same Punjabi yeah okay pop you practice
something in Punjabi let's see it's this
man tumse pyaar got that I love you
victims a bad dog
so I fear the best Oh mmm
this is that's not what they gonna give
me all did right now who is yes hot in
here okay let's turn on the little bit a
so you don't want them to melt so I put
together self of myself I am so proud of
myself
basically it's a black dress that I've
had in my closet forever and you Calvin
Klein vest it's my now watch and then
I'm wearing my highlight X and I think
it's got a cute right right no one's
never ones like you like it
and there's like rocker ish and but we
did my hair all draw flourish and
untended my hair all rocker ish my
makeup everything's good I'm really sad
to see this movie I love I say I love
Anna Kendrick I think she's hilarious
and obviously Zac Efron shirtless knows
matter what that either so I'm right eye
sees movie thanks shadows to Fox for
bringing me she's moving
anyway we make an upper-level snatch
made of Slammys all right you first
ready soon and riding
I'm doing the top so you guys better
keep up
okay two things number one is had three
fireball shots number two that movie was
so dancing I am not even to saying that
that movie was Indian I recommend you
all watch it's so good the actor was at
his vitals so that's over their
chemistry was so good when watch away
now I thought the party was loud up
there so we came here to blob and we're
just like yes no news about your karaoke
right now
toilet tuck with Lily I'm so exhausted
right now
they said oatmeal I'm addicted talking
about I have a problem did you tell me
oh I am going to head to bed tomorrow
I'm dropping another knee to the airport
and then what am i doing two calls how
do you my license plate on my car and
this seems like a problem for tomorrow
today was so much fun the premiere was
so much fun
it was really funny like I'm really
inspired to do some spontaneous itch
right now and I met Zack and I went out
of what they're so great and wonderful I
can't comprehend right now it doesn't
know a little bit but like yo I paid
tomorrow
other than that yo shadows again to Fox
for sending me there had a great time
and it's I've had popcorn for dinner two
days in a row so you learnt how to be
adult I let your girl cuz I got the I
got the course outline right here um but
yeah I wasn't that hope you had a great
day thank you jamie a my day if you
liked it subscribe if you liked it
subscribe so Clara didn't show up he's
such a diva he always cancels on me
anyways kind of showing here it's so hot
he's being such a good sport and boiling
yeah you see this video realize that I
was sweating with a purpose
