when you were born the number one song
was productivity listen I am back home
in LA and it is hot hot hot
which I'm living for cuz I've been cold
for ten days today has gotta be the most
productive day ever
I got a full night's sleep because I got
home like 3:00 p.m. and I was so tired
but I forced myself to stay awake until
9:30 10:00 slept through the whole night
woke up feeling great right now
we'll see in a few hours of jet night
like but right now I'm feeling great and
being productive years of mission for
today's you clean the fridge already did
it get some groceries do my laundry
unpack my suitcase finish writing script
one finish writing script to shoot video
one shoot video to go through my inbox
let's do it eat your baby mommy mommy I
want to play team super I miss you oh my
goodness is no poop over there cuz he
pooped on the mat like a good little boy
oh my goodness what a vicious vicious
boy just finished tweaking script number
one Nikita sweep what are you looking at
people okay we won't show that are you
looking mamita he's a just sweet
affectionate boy oh boo boo to a goose
your mug getting a lot of work done I
feel so energetic because a jet lag is
helping me right now but it was so
scared in a few hours I'm good hey Siri
pause alright so I finished my second
script whoa buzz do the dishes clean
this area up a little bit things are
going great I'm still awake I'm still
alive it's still pop it we still out
here I'm feeling so productive today
feels great let's feel a while also like
I love having flowers in my house feel
so insecure because these are also
lilies and then I look at this little
item like I think it showed up by some
mother and flowers right now y'all know
like also check this out Google sent me
this for the thing I didn't can remember
the picture I took with Conan and this
is a drawing this at me a friend love it
not even just water vitamin C water give
it boys this is just me oh my call it
people out there look the way red makes
you feel red and yellow when I wear
these colors I'm like must can be
popular now kill the girl
bedroom scene I imagine this is one long
take that's gonna be jump cuts if you
drive like that correct different angles
possibly yep wanna make a little kind of
Europe East like nice at eating a
croissant ting all that things there and
of course the old all that changed in
turning the garage into an airport no
big deal customs officer I mean how
officials not police its customs officer
this is security you're right come on my
battles are over Francis famous YouTube
video 1 video 2 is a college roasted on
hunters of Harriet about a new show good
figuring out what happened to the people
that ghosted you that never responded to
your left you hanging
basically it's my telling thanks this
videos gonna take very long I think it's
gonna go like this because we don't need
a lot of coverage we should be a reality
TV show you just move the camera like
visually what done shooting video to
wanted to done I am so goddamn tired but
I still gotta write and record a ranch
right now and that has to happen today
so we gonna woman the eff up and get it
done tomorrow this young boys getting
neutered did I mention that oh my poor
baby it's gonna be okay it's for your
own good okay and then in a few days
when I'm getting LASIK so both of us are
just gonna be post-surgery thinking this
guy living life he knows how to live
life look at him
oh so jealous okay so 11:56 p.m. i want
to be sittin by 12 but i just finished
reading my rent I'm gonna fight through
this I'm gonna get up I'm gonna touch up
my makeup
I'm gonna shoot the damn rent I have to
because there's no time to do tomorrow I
schedule is jam-packed if I don't do
this today my tomorrow self will be very
unhappy so I'm gonna get up I'm gonna
stop being sq
I'm gonna push through in the next clip
I'm gonna say I finished recording my
run do it I just took a poop now I'm
gonna do the rent I just finished
recording my rent now I'm gonna do one
fun thing before I hit the hay so when I
was in South Africa I think it was
Johannesburg I'm not I can't remember
where exactly I was listen to the radio
and I heard this really dope segment it
was people calling in saying their
birthday and the host would say what
song was number one on the day they were
born that was that so I decided to do
this with popular youtubers tell you
which songs were number one on the day
they were born and if there's any
special holidays on the day they were
born
so prepared to the mind-blown also you
might not recognize a lot of these songs
because people be old up here I just
seen Justin my girl she was born on
March 20th 1984 hope these days right by
the way if not my bad on the day she was
born
this song was number one prints when
doves cry
that is amazing good job Justin
yes the day it was number one of the
year it's something though it's
something also on the same day as
Justin's birthday it's alien-abduction
day so grace helbig September 27 1985
when you were born this song was number
one actually I'm gonna do the number two
yup Christ God right
it is Careless Whisper when featuring
George Michael on Grace's birthday hunt
a vegetarian day hi laughter girl grace
up next Shane Dawson the king of YouTube
you were born on July 19 1988 oh my god
what same age when you were born the
number one song was cuz I gotta have my
face also national stick out your tongue
Dave who makes these up laurdiy you were
born on august 11 1993 you young person
and when you're apart this is the number
one song of the year
oh damn oh yo
it is Whitney Houston I will always love
you damn that's like a winner Lauren
also presidential joke day isn't that
every day right about now david dobrik
you were born on July 23 1996 these
young people do learn myself hello I'm a
grandma when you look barn the number
one thought I am jealous it was this
also gorgeous grandma babe that's me
born in the same year Liza
also had the number one song of Macarena
and also its national she's funny that
way day on Liza's birthday coincidence I
think notch and she's a comedy Queen to
James Charles you were born on May 23rd
1999 oh my god the number one song and
this is the bangers
sher believe I'll banger also Lucky
Penny day who comes up with this laughs
all I have for now if you enjoyed this
segment come below let me know and I can
tell more youtubers I think it's like
really insightful to know what era of
music you were born in and what that
song represents for me me and Shane are
born the same year so his songs apply to
me as well I wash my face but face mask
on and go back to sleep huh before I do
the whole thing I fail I did not unpack
that and also this is all happening over
here but this is this is a problem for
tomorrow look at this sweet boy he's
become so independent he knew mommy was
working he's just gonna be like okay
I'll just sleep here like a small bean
in this morning's little bean you know
that your bean I'm gonna put you in me
and my salary little bean when you're
watching this a new video is coming out
so stay tuned to my main channel because
I like actually you know what the
turnaround the one I talked about today
is coming out when you're watching this
today like in the back that's a one day
turn Russell when the team is too sick
let's see how we do today stay tuned
stay happy stay lovely stay present stay
encouraged stay inspired stay empowered
until tomorrow keep smiling
you
