so let me go potty good morning it is so
damn early I booked by 8:30 I have two
meetings a super live - claps a
bazillion things to do today's gonna be
a very very productive day I didn't get
that much sleep again hold on people are
coming
as it was saying I didn't get enough
sleep again I went to bed like kind of
early but by the time I wash my face and
put my clothes away and do all that
stuff it ends up being so late anyways
but I'm heading to this meeting also I
woke up to some pleasantness because
Duane posted a picture of us too and
then I was like my heart was melting and
I was like ah but then you spelled my
name LOL why so hot you know what
happened dah my name is now Li ly okay
that's f that last I'll give after what
that last oh my name was whatever doing
says my name is okay it doesn't matter
what my name is come on come on let's go
down here thank you
it doesn't matter what my name is then
he changed it to two L's because I guess
like people were bugging him so my name
is Lily again
but yeah so basically the moral of the
story is my name is whatever he says my
name is okay
goddammit he posted a picture of us he's
so sweet I love that I love and you
realize the camera was still
attached man I'm gonna go I'm gonna go
I'm gonna drive to my meeting and
pretend I'm not very die because who's
not also look at my shirt and my shaking
can you see it with my grace helbig can
you see it can you see it I'll show you
when it's not wrinkled into a thousand
I'm not good at vlogging okay bye
no when you meet someone and they're so
wonderful so you like everything about
some more me with Joe Jonas not that I
didn't like his music before because I
did but now I like loved his music
because I know he's a great person in
real life as well so okay you're
supposed to be loud so I could end that
couple of log come on all right first
meeting down second meeting to go a
little bit late for it but yo let's make
it happen
I'm at my second meeting the attendant
at the gate was so kind to me you'd let
me park in the do every say so that cuts
okay so you'd have to walk far I was
like you flirting with me because I'm
down papi
alrighty it is 12:30 right now and I
have an iron half until asked to blow my
life let's head home eat something do
the damn thing did I go we're not giving
up
we's about to get it all so hard ain't
no sleeping ain't no nothing
where's my address what do I live how do
I get home these are all the questions I
have
what's up here we go sorry to party do
do a new student for that motion
dang everybody doing I see the amount of
time eyedrops
the amount of times I drop a phone in
days Vegas
I've been holding for Niles like I drop
it my for people for everybody why to
drop my phone 10 goddamn anyways then
for the new card yesterday was vitality
let's see what today is shall we do
don't know downtown today's card is cute
ups and downs ooh this is gonna be a
good one as a little foggy on it okay
ups and downs I see life as an
incredible ride and I'm lucky to be on
it yes the ups and downs make me want to
puke sometimes but there also makes
things fun and interesting and when you
look back even puking on yourself makes
for a good story true look at it this
dripping in truth sauce it came Holden's
dripping in that truth sauce right there
I see life as an incredible ride and I'm
lucky to be on it isn't that a thing all
the things we complain about like why
this happened what other people in other
life circumstances we probably begged
for those things happen to them because
they're in a severely different
situation than us and we should be
really really grateful for all of the
ups and downs limiting them but downs
the downs are what will count I mean the
ops count but the downs are what build
character now anytime I look back inside
a good quality I have it's usually
birthed from a place of pain or hurt or
a down whether it's depression whether
it's getting heartbroken wet sweat other
you always come out with some sort of
strength and that's because of downs the
downs are so crucial though the downs
you can't go up you can't physically you
can't do it even if you draw it like a
diagram like how could you go up if you
went down yeah I mean if you were in
downer how would you go up hurt you know
you don't need also
of course to ask to pull my life can't
wait for my nose to start etching
you're ready you're not ready you're
ready you're not ready
that's click start broadcast and okay
and
and and and and and and and and and and
and whatever wanted to go simple welcome
to ask silver one minute all right a
suburban life is done which means that
we get to take a 30 minute nap oh I
can't sleep on the way for a little
because I'm still wearing makeup so I
have to sleep on Keim's
all right let's do it yo Kyle's here
I wasn't my favorite people on the
planet his face makes me happy we're
what we're waiting for Tila and Ava
and what about to shoot some dope stuff
and what are we working on woodworking
some what stuff it rhymes with schmorl's
love she doesn't smoke yeah that's close
what you should do and I've said this
before is just follow on Instagram on
Twitter just act spread girl love
because we're playing some dope stuff
and you know how much I care about it
and Kyle cures equally
kyle is so passionate and wonderful and
great and humble cares to humble loves
loving girls I love the first time I'm
clapping with both of these lovely
ladies and the first time they're here
and we're just like chatting it up it's
so refreshing actually because we had
some like legit Girl Talk right now yeah
and I feel like I've been lacking that
we shared the youth I learned this new
phrase that's like they spilled some tea
and I was like oh my god I pretend like
I know what this means cuz I mean a
young person it's awesome but it was
doping but to shoot this thing it's
gonna be awesome
and these nails girl let's just talk
about it's all black so oh my god now
there now is how do you tweet you know
it's it takes time but it makes a lot of
noise so what I like
I like it I'm like you like that I like
I like that we're gonna have to record a
sound bite of that for the video
literally the most patient wonderful
people to work with in the history of
people to work with are these two people
right here I'm so wonderful and I made
them do a bazillion things and they
still do here there's a time we did it
and they came in with their hairs all
dead and I look like I came from the
shower but it was dope hope you guys
like it it'll be out like soon it's not
too soon but soon it should be good it
again gonna get what's crack-a-lackin'
finished shooting with ava and teyla I
really hope y'all like the video
I mean you won't see it for a while
because I'm banking it don't drop you
won't see for a while cuz I'm banking it
but I think it's good
my hair is really bothering me I need to
cut my hair so even when I was doing the
skit I'm like my hair is too long I need
to trim it or do something that's going
on now DOM is gonna come over cuz Ernie
should shoot something for his channel
as well so that's what cracka lackin the
Sun is so pretty right now look at it
look at it look at it
so lately saw Haiti
this guy is obsessed with me
holy crap they're gonna find out soon
how obsessed I really like so I'm
honestly I was just I am I love shooting
with him because every time I shoot with
dumb I feel like I get schooled after
because he's always so prepared and you
just like it's so good at what he does
and it makes me so insecure and when he
leaves I'm like Greg Thomas look good I
already thought they decide with my game
everything laughs it's all like a plan
this to try yeah I miss all this
equipment he has like you know
particularly for a guest not in real
life it doesn't work we're not this
prepared for anything else except for
house the dumbest Rita it's called a
jack-in-the-box diet well you do use I
just mean I touch you a lot I know
a big one one day we going fantastic we
will is it going fantastically well sort
of I tried to wrap rats today I heard I
asked a lush to do oh yeah it's hard to
wrap us in old hmm
so we're gonna shoot this scene for Don
this video right now what's the premise
of the theme no it's a romantic scene I
think go pig do bad yeah I'll be your
pretend camera guy your and then cut
over the shoulder if you're excited oh
this thing I think it's like a down like
looking up and smiles like I'm like
really excited and we cut here and we'll
just go for it I would doing straight
honours like just I think it's like
natural where you feel like the Holy
Spirit is saying I want you to follow
that okay your life if we connect lips
your life will forever change for the
worse that's not a good way to sell it
let me change that what's your line to
finish do something behind or oh my god
Franco he's not all right
you got practice like comment subscribe
like comment this is the lily effect are
you feeding dude this is like it's like
dubstep
oh dude John your hair smells Bach smell
his hair that stuff what's wrong
oh yeah
smell-o-vision your it's 1:11 a.m. and
I'm so tired but I need to pack and you
know I feel about packing I'm not good
at it I can't do it
Nick take shower can you send some
emails walk about 8:30 right tired
so I left with Lilly also tired my eyes
are burning I'm gonna pack do some
emails go to bed very very productive
today a lot of things happened today I
feel like the meetings I had were like
two days ago I didn't feel like they
were today but I'm thank you for joining
me on today I also want to say I know I
mean I don't I'm not saying this because
I feel the need I have to explain I'm so
tired I can hold this I'm putting here
I'm not doing this because I feel like I
have to explain but you know I like to
be real with you
I know it's was this video some of you
got a little bit like oh so problem why
you kissing someone doing it maybe was
like not so much to kissing Suzy's video
maybe it was the rest of the content but
don't feel like a tip away for d-trix
this video it's really cute concept it's
gonna come out a little bit later but
it's a really cute concept and um I
would never do anything every I wasn't
comfortable doing so when you watch your
videos like that if I kissed someone or
something like know that I'm never in an
uncomfortable situation Dietrich's and I
are friends he's such a sweetheart
he wrote this whole script in accordance
and he didn't force me to do anything
who's very much so like hey if you're
looking fake in your dad and I was like
yeah whatever I shouldn't do it it's
like I'm not auditioning for roles wrong
another do things like this and some you
know what do you mean like it's totally
fine so I hope you guys are gonna be
cool with it and you support me like you
always do a little bit actually after
long done you'll be happy for my notes
and by the way I did use this with a
good kisser yeah I don't know anyway I'm
going to pack like I said tomorrow I'm
heading to New York and my literally
because of the flight time and the time
difference I've been playing all day I
don't know if I'm gonna vlog we'll see I
mean I might but I'm gonna play from us
today and hopefully my I'll and nothing
goes wrong because you know my history
with in New York but that's going on I'm
gonna get going hope you had a great day
hope you're wonderful I hope you're well
and dealing with the challenges of your
life with strength and courage like I
know you're capable of doing so wounds
together whoa why some water I'm parched
anyways if you liked it subscribe if you
like it subscribe appreciate can't hear
anything you're saying cuz there's an
echo
okay once you catch my blog
all right you're gonna first time
witness you're either gonna shatter into
pieces
oh you think so cause you're better like
this you use the buter shatter into
pieces or humble is gonna hold you
Daggett it's recording
all right here we go ready yes
