you me are no superwoman you are stupid
we have so harder productivity lived
here look at me I'm just like such an
adult I just came back from a pitch
meeting today is gonna be crazy let me
preface this by saying when I say
productivity lives here sometimes it's
like traditional work but other times
it's just doing stuff in your day and
making sure your day is like yo I did
this and I I felt like I accomplished
things today I'm gonna try to do
something crazy I'm throwing a little
bit of a Halloween party dinner movie
night for my team here's what I gotta do
here's the mission season stuff learn
decorate the kitchen setting up a
projector for them so the movie and I
can be on the roof all that mourners do
it
so I'm stupid because it's 1:30 right
now they're coming at 7:00 but I'm an
attempt to go grocery shopping roast
chicken roast potatoes make cupcakes
make pasta make salad make garlic bread
decorate the living room and then do the
stuff on the roof and at the same time
make a costume with humbie let's see
also just saying humble don't say what
it is but mine humbles cost you might be
the best costumes of all time easily the
best costumes you get a costume - don't
worry oh ok back I am so behind like
humble look why don't you just order
food in like no one I think a
home-cooked meal shows love and care and
- like things like this why I do this to
myself over over again I feel like it
helps me be successful
in other parts of my life when I act
like fine-tune focus is like those apps
that improve your concentration I'm
doing that in real life at yo let me
challenge myself even if it's just a
Halloween party mukbang and during this
I know I got a lotta hate comments I
read them but I've never had my friends
we had come to me about me so I'm not
that
that was going to be like something
works this is great
no so I think you guys are you read hate
comments about me - yeah so pretty much
sure we do all day okay this is a
wonderful specific friend okay
thick skin here we go tell me what is
this thank Taylor Poppins it's time to
hear marketing I guess the point when
you offended this person this is why I
stopped watching you it's super but
America invented baseball in Cooperstown
New York basketball was invented in
Springfield Massachusetts I know it's
hard to take all the information into
small-ass brain of yours just because
the states are close to your country
doesn't mean they aren't in America does
another Gomorrah all right
I remember when you were racist but you
still like that's not that hard I was
also on today's video
crunch but you know just ran a this
overrated
I pass F but it's with no space was very
confusing okay do it
I am an Indian and I wish to say that
you are disgraced as an Indian combating
racism with racism shows how naive your
intellect is thanks to Stephen Crowder
who debunked this video and exposed its
flaws from a genesee conservative PS
stop with any comments if you can't
learn to handle criticism stopping the
youtuber I actually don't delete any
comments believe it or not I used to
when I first started YouTube videos and
don't see something more unless they're
with my family members even still I
think I do become I don't see them just
one charge for bad words that's why oh
yeah like a moron
learn how YouTube works anyone who makes
videos about me if my name is in the
title
these are ready they're not absence
works let me tell heavy now these were
like pretty like this is obviously the
person that's work okay
you ugly girls will never get kissed by
a man your teachers want to destroy man
woman all caps
love and make you great haired bitter
lonely
spell with the Z also in today's video
no this was today okay Jack looks like
Pete Davidson good-looking yeah David
but you also skipped one I forget
Mariana who's good one I think the one
in between yeah the one in between the
whether the program is red and the one
that I just said this is one that I
think is pretty good yes I mean it you
me are no superwoman
you are stupid also on today's video
that's what every time I need to try to
quit any type of videos really well are
spending first sure there's a bunch of
mother and haters and it'll let me go
for sure I mean these stupid comes like
I've read some more other back on some
times that are more like pointed and
they're more like from someone that has
a bit of a brain is kind of like getting
a little aggressive these are a little
easier to read Emily because it's just
so obvious is stupid there's like angry
people
we're just Brett orgy preferable for me
Wow hit me harder piece of garbage is
still alive what a shame I have no one
from today's video I'm sweating there's
really sweat dripping down my boobs like
down down my boobs right now I'm
sweating okay I hate to be this person
but they immediately really lost
interest some people who they use the
wrong you're but it's okay
the commenter we do I ever know what
this comment they you had to use the
wrong your common is you're not buddy
you correct I'm doing your comments a
lot more justice than you are by writing
them the dramatic reading is what's
helping some curry ball or something
though right
three hours ago what you really didn't
see this one really needs a dramatic
reading again there's nothing really
good oh my god this is so dumb
am i new smart one here was that the
only smart one see I even had to add
some to accommodate all in caps
you smell carry you worship rats and get
the out of our country are you smell
carry their try say you smell like carry
but they also just think you smelled
like they not only misspelled the word
they didn't include the light so you got
maybe this person says new worship rats
and there's a misconception do I don't
know okay why are you having so much fun
I was like this is so depressing fu
common actually I really appreciate that
comment I love them that I walk about it
have you come you know I'm gonna try to
pronounce the word as it's spelled yeah
Street you know there's not even that
you give you more credit it's actually
stated Diane you stop equipment have to
stop making videos 'best T IUD you start
you shine I likes to eat better you
street woman Street okay
gonna say something it no matter what I
say you can't respond just take a bite
of something inside that's okay so I
love it
don't laugh silently eat something
alright so unfunny the justice I'm doing
your comments you guys got my beer just
no laughing - I kind of nice I don't
even know if I'm supposed to read this
Laura Taylor is the cutest heart and
fire as hell four bad words this one
kinda mean this one's mean say it
offensively to me you are so ugly
without makeup
god damn oh my friend this is important
I like mine mine is someone a little
horny question was always always yeah
this does not hate coming this is the
observation
I actually goes at the comments of nuns
because I find them so funny this one is
you I love about this comes when you
think of it when you bring them back to
how they were generated right someone
would watch it good video of yours it
was like hey like what what makes me
upset about this video and all they
could come up with - all right here's
mine I have to I have to do it I can't
say it what can you say a lot of people
have been bringing that up in tweets why
yeah everything that momentum thirty
people were like if we did for second
life like there's no difference than
many one we met
no one gives a damn 3:30 and people stop
dressing your parents stop making videos
like this
whining majesta ha ha allow me to read
this comment twice okay once it's the
way the person intended it but the
second time changing nothing but
inflections and making it a very happy
comment it's my first reading 30 years
not married still a virgin and makes
YouTube videos acting like a kid parents
must be proud crying laughing finished
okay now here's how you read this coming
like a bubble bro 30 years not married
still a virgin makes you to be exactly a
kid probably I'm talking people
ourselves my age all of a sudden I know
hello guys the hell guys wait can I
please read the one after the clapping
one that was a minute finality here we
go Oh finale make it hurt make it hurt
like you you are an evil person who
needs to repent
may Yahweh they've dropped the name of
God here baby Yahweh of mercy on you
people voting like religious areas oh my
goodness you know what it's fine the
haters automatic oh there's so many more
I don't want to guess you guys want to
know the one that will make you upset
I'll write it right now this is the one
it's gonna get the only reaction ability
to read it talk when my dog kills me I
hate your dog oh my god you know what
the next comment is do a billion yet why
would she keep screaming so we ended the
segment but Taylor wants to keep going
so go for it - I think my way to keep
going is because we didn't get through
the reviews below your book this is one
of my favorite kind of slow
yeah I know yes this is her brainchild
but you'll appreciate this one I see
comments like this all the time they
always make me chuckle
what does bus supposed to mean
typical youtuber stars can't spell it
all
number one New Times bestseller for
those who know I used to be a teacher
and now that I'm constructing our
Halloween costumes bringing back all the
memories as you can see from my giant
circle I'm using up only the pieces that
I need and to be honest this is gonna be
dope so far the circle is good I'm gonna
keep him moving
she's kidding shaking for her team
you see she will kill for her employees
safety hunted these chickens are so I'm
following a lot of a recipes for today's
dinner for my mom I'm trying to make a
spiced rum pomegranate orange drink we
gonna see so here's what my level extra
comes and got these wine bottles but not
now these labels oh my god I am so
aren't I so extra why am I like this are
you ready to see the best thing you ever
seen in your goddamn life
Oh Carrie likes it you so special buddy
look at you look at you buddy
Wow
Taylor is functioning with one hand the
whole night you know yesyes when you
show your tattoo yet are you Chester did
yourself you do that himself
shopping it out my chest this morning
because I had no money for costume nice
we got Beyonce which wizard are you
which house are you Griffin don't
Gryffindor yeah Kyle and Stuart's very
clever mr. mr. and mrs. Smith snooze
last name is Smith just so we're all on
the same page here
dark chocolate and see some that's the
cupcake so we wait for the 2001 actually
so when I watched it was really good
today we've been watching them I feel
like I kind of like it's good it's
called the 13 ghosts if you guys seen it
what do you think it's gonna be three
cheers boys we how did it go Taylor
pretty well after about an hour's worth
of IT work with the audio we got a movie
going I think we killed it it was right
now uncle Taylor isn't making rice for
young scarbrow because scar bows idiot
mom doesn't know how to make rice I'm
gonna do everything elevated today can't
make rice oh yeah I did that I did that
I did that I did that I did that your
girl is tired tomorrow I have a stacked
day of meetings like stacked steak it's
for today when you're watching this it
is super Thursday and new wheels coming
out and yo you know super 60s gonna be
lit I'm not gonna fit that in between my
stack means we all find it
let's see how he did
they tell tomorrow bless keep hustling
making every day count
you
