we hustle harder productivity lives here
let's go way way back old school team
Sapporo G's was not where in the world
is superwoman today a Johannesburg South
Africa I'm so excited because today I'm
having my first ever meet and greet in
South Africa it's been a long time since
the beginning of my career I've always
gotten tweets and messages when people
saying when you come to South Africa
this is the first time I've ever been
here so I had to agree granted it is
smaller than my other meeting greets but
it's the best I could do they don't know
locations here I don't know security
details here so 200 people
meet-and-greet doors aren't even open
but ours look like our tweet saying that
the line is maxed on people being turned
away so if you want the people that I
turned away it's because safety it's not
because I don't love you I promise I'll
come back and we'll do another one copy
sure today's me 200 of you lovelies with
room to read through the first-ever
UNICEF Youth talks start my 24 hour trek
back to LA which means that a vlog day
will miss but you won't feel it because
I'll be going back in time does earning
a day and then I think it'll be fine I
don't know let's do it
oh I just gotta say okay touch black I
feel like my skin has been really clear
recently do you agree and I'm not even
gonna do like a brand plug it's not even
about a brand I've only change one thing
cuz I still don't even dream that water
I think I've said this involved before
I'm doing sunscreen like I think I've
said this I mean now that I'm saying it
it sounds familiar you know wear
sunscreen wear sunscreen it's made the
biggest difference filling myself let's
go shout outs to reflow who literally
flew here for two days yeah and he's
gonna fly back tonight 20,000 miles did
you was worth it oh yeah for sure
okay well using experience today still
you get to meet 200 lovelies how are you
feeling quality Koons good nice awesome
bb's outside the window
did you doesn't BBS at home I'm glad I
wasn't naked because they saw me true I
would've been like a health code
violation so I'm a stupid person and
didn't realize that the meet and greets
in the hotel of different hotels I miss
going downstairs all the people that
didn't get wristbands are waiting
outside there's like a line up around
the block which is like it's so cold
outside and they don't even ever spend
so they're not even again but I'm
some like hot drinks outside I'm gonna
wave to them because I think Kyle's room
has a view of outside so we're trying to
wave to the overflow of fans bad that I
can't mute all of you I really do and I
also don't feel bad because I know it's
a safety thing look I just don't have
the capacity to have that many people so
room to read the organization that did
this Meetup and made this possible is so
don't you to announce this a new book of
theirs Yahoo is thirsty I practice how
to say the names I don't butcher it and
it's just so dope it's like one of the
first story books in five languages so
it's like giving kids the access to read
story books that they otherwise would
not have done the opportunity to read
and that's so important if someone who's
written a book that is so important
books is where is that even though
internet forever do you want I burned
them but I was only in the movie for two
seconds or does that even count Kyle
says you can see outside from here oh
yeah fraction no it's like the whole
entrance that's where it starts and look
at these babies these lovelies so sweet
you I love you all or taking my suitcase
thank you for coming country we wish you
could come see us our time
it's hot in here
everybody so lovely and
so Lily's still doing her meeting great
right now but I told her that I would
come out to the street and say hello to
all the babies out here and so let's see
that Lily wanted me to come say hi
we're trapped in here we hope you come
back on tour so we can see you because
when we found out the meet and greet was
on Monday we were just like we thank our
parents but they wouldn't know that yeah
because and if you do put this in your
vlog I just like to tell the people who
don't live in Africa that we already
have lines as paid for like Cheetos
walking in the city our enemy sometimes
they're not most times yeah really I am
shocked to my core who's that
so goal just takes a bottle of water
right drinks it right gets the points
right for the vlog vlog and there's a
koala cool forget the block em you gotta
see some super sa ultra flourishing with
a queen what's I'm drawing yeah we've
got you know we've got some talented
artists out here in Africa you know got
our people we just came from the meeting
feed it was so much fun this is really
exciting it was very long we really
missed that like even at the end when
they were like thinking it's rash
because people snuck in and it was like
a bit chaotic because it was so really
energetic yeah Lily really kept up her
energy throughout and she died every
single person that she reads that later
yeah all the friends we made in line had
a good time yeah every day what up what
up what up meeting greet was dope thank
you so much everyone that came my
tailbone is legit broke it hurts so much
I can't even like walk or sit I'm like
right now I'm really very special I met
Princess high school so the main thing
I'm doing with UNICEF is I'm initiating
something called a youth talks which is
essentially like sitting with boys and
girls and learning about what they need
from straight from them to feel safe in
school because so many kids don't feel
safe in school because of bullying or
abuse or just whatever the issues are I
want to hear it straight from the kids
because next year UNICEF is gonna
compile this information and talk about
it at the global education conference in
London so it's a really cool campaign
initiative safe to learn is what it's
called and excited to talk to these
young boys and girls about them telling
me schooling me about what they need to
go say
it's not all right now but I like it a
lot
Wow these kids are so smart so I
basically got them tell me all the
things they need have a safer school
experience and they said such smart
things like know our teachers should be
able to address student issues better we
should have more counselors so better
training for teachers and counselors
even the existence of counselors can you
imagine that like we're so privileged in
North America that's the main thing I'm
coming up with they're just so
privileged after-school programs that
can keep kids busy and give them a
platform to be more creative because a
lot of academics are prioritized
over a lot of the creatives very similar
to Indian culture that I was raised in
as well having programs for parents as
well to learn you know and to learn how
to listen to have a better dialogue with
their kids I think that something that's
really lacking is there's a lot of
really great things discussed after
listening to all of them I recited
everything back to them to ensure I
understood so have a really thorough
understanding of what these kids need
from their decision makers and the
policymakers to make them feel safer
it's really cold in there though so
we're standing in the Sun right now to
defrost first like him I've used my
thermostat and hashtag no ad it's
supposed to warm you up but honestly
she's warming up my wrist and I'm so
very very cold so did you think grief
skates are so smart I know I know
all right just finished two interviews
and now we're gonna sort through some
meet-and-greet tips okay we got okay so
much stuff thank you so much our Unicorn
slippers got this picture of Scarborough
are you kidding me watching all the
stuff home and you gave me so many
snacks which you're gonna feed me right
now and the way to the airport I'm so
excited none of us are mentally prepared
for this 24 hour journey Cobra we're
leaving thank you so much for all your
love and support South Africa will
definitely be back we're gonna board
this plane so baby so we're in this
weird
that has two seats I'm gonna window seat
with the window so far from me
there's like a space per seat but
there's no seat so now that I can't see
below I can't sleep on the window this
is 10 or 11 hours either way it's bad
either
Ted Weill just a couple straight up I
know I said it before where I've said
again shoutouts to Reef his travel to
South Africa back was as long as his
state twenty four hours to get there he
stayed there 14 24 hours to get back
that's some some commitment a real one
so we've been to Wagga MoMA's and the
airport in London here probably like
five or six times as much nice this
travel we are like proficient with the
men you know exactly what to get right
now
three first time first time you look
pretty good for some of us got off the
airplane oh really
yeah the grease is really working for
you feel like garbage
yeah it's been 84 years hope you planned
it another I feel like a dirtbag
I feel like a trash I'm my sweet boy did
you miss me I miss you so much mom I'm
mad at you you left me my future tree
tree tree tree tree mom does that to me
can Kiki she can't get kiss you okay
fine he needs a shower that's we're
gonna do first we ran too long here
thank you for joining me let's see how
we did and now we do not sleep till it's
night time
you
