No welcome back we also heard her
productivity lived here we are back in
Johannesburg in South Africa last night
I washed my hair I'm not a greaseball
anymore I'm feeling fresh and brand new
it is freezing cold I've only brought
ripped jeans which I'm learning is like
horrible when it's cold if the wind goes
in the little holes and seeps into your
soul it's a whole thing
is it a safe part do a radio thingamabob
go through my inbox chapters of job
content disappear like a ghost in the
spring all that and more let's do it
we're getting to it we have a special
guest that has joined us here it's reve
reve has been a troop or you flew here
just for two three days like a G to help
us capture some dope content and it's
gonna be amazing in the kid no wait
update on Kyle is how's your booty
hulking great is it great yeah is it
resealed its resealed dude told reef to
pack light what do you got you're a
reflector like you're a tripod I got
three cameras I love that that's why I
like you
so how crazy is our first visit is one
one the same places and such are Lisa's
container in this program but knows who
is Charlize there was this Park where I
was like yo this park is so big and
awesome we never got to explore it
that's what were you with UNICEF today
for the same place to learn with the
other area so I feel like I'm gonna be a
pro in this area today it's amazing it's
like such a small full circle full
circle some of the girls I mean with
quarter right now my videographer is a
child we just met do you gotta follow me
put the screen up and now you're there
good job here you can take it now it's
on you now you can make a view of
yourself
hi amazing gift so many fans already
last time I was here a lot of the girls
asked me if I was friends we on this
browser this is madness you're up here
the pictures up there so we're gonna
make a video for you guys
hello yes s me off ng I'm here with
these girls from that drew UNICEF trip
right so you'll get your a little wall
and they're all asking me when you're
coming back and then yeah I don't show
that when you come back these comics to
you I know what's going on yeah we've
been strip together what say we miss you
a comeback
you can go lower than do the same thing
back yoga and I like lilies the person
that fell on the ground over there
days ago I talked to the team super
handshake you're telling me you remember
it we are back I love that I especially
loved it because I got to spend some
quality time with the kids not
completely on camera not completely like
there's a certain level words that you
want to capture stuff where does a lot
of like just genuine one-on-one
interactions that I really like and I
feel like it was so perfect that I got
to visit that place twice because now I
have a thorough understanding of
everything the main thing I've learned
here is that the kids here don't rely on
adults to be like you'll help us figure
think they're like you we want these
changes to happen we're gonna do what we
can do to make them out of this super
dope I feel like North Americans
couldn't super I mean alrighty you're
starting to see that with a lot of the
marches and protests but I feel like
that's such an important sentiment to go
into the future or like if it's for kids
it should be by kids and kids should be
involved in and it's so dope brief what
did you think what was your first
experience I had amazing time I'm a
little sunburned yeah yeah yep it was
amazing the kids are so immature and I
love them we did this like circle thing
as you saw I was like straight up
running out of breath I was like yo I
cannot keep up with you see ball where
am i popping also I have like never seen
a flower like this it is fuzzy and the
inside is like a fuzzy have you ever
seen this I don't like I kind of don't
like it it's kind of really bothersome
to me yeah it's like furry and reminds
me of spiders I'm not a fan of that
that's but the lily on the other hand
hello my pretty I'm making changes I'm
your children's radio foundation with my
new friend was tonight Mary Ann what are
we about to do Mary Ann about a gun and
have a whole radio show with your girl
Linda so maybe so they have a program
that is by kids for kids current and
what kind of things you talk about there
he's all about youth issues like
contraceptives violence substance abuse
name a lot of most stuff like peer
pressure right yeah yeah yeah all
important things are what to do it I am
shook to my core because this young lady
is an amazing oh my gosh radio presenter
possibly the best and most natural
person I've ever spoken with on the
radio I think truly this is what you
want to do yeah in life yeah like you're
totally gonna do it I don't know I'm
gonna like mention you and stuff don't
the bar you remember this moment yeah
when you're like big and famous and
stuff more famous than you currently are
just I'm shook I'm sure to my core you
are totally gonna do this you're so good
thank you I believe in you these kids
are so impressive I am like so proud to
live on the same planet as them straight
up they're so amazing now that we're
fully inspired we have to do something
very important I'm always so curious to
try McDonald's in different places
hoping they have something veggies but
welcome to North Americans try South
African McDonald's and snacks here we go
yeah what are you gonna get cheeseburger
all right three forty thinking looking
for something specific or unique I have
a series of snacks but first we're gonna
start with McDonald's okay so I got a
veggie burger where'd you get reading at
that fold over fold up ok choo-choo I
just got a classic cheeseburger and
fries okay love it I think you start
with you I want you to take a bite of
the cheese very let me know does it
taste the same as the cheeseburger that
you're used to in America mm-hmm same
exact thing same okay
we don't have this okay so chicken fold
over in case I did it doesn't look that
pleasing to be honest it's like dry pita
bread no chicken patty but is it good no
okay
how much for my veggie burger now all
righty this is the winkles in Canada
when I lived there we didn't have a
veggie burger I think America does have
a veggie burger it's never been good so
here we go veggie burger no no no taste
for India knee absolute isn't something
to be in India it's not bad it's not
good it's right in the middle
look I can't decide about one another
better if I don't I think I'm gonna have
another bite but then I'll regret it
maybe so I feel my best I mean it's like
oh no flap of chicken I don't think this
is the fault of South Africa I think
it's just McDonald's oh he's just big up
with the pride of the fries razor balm
firebomb fire so in our hands it's
jalapeno the jalapeno dip right looks
like a ranch
oh come on mmm okay please different to
me okay really get in there looks like
mayonnaise
it's like spicy mayonnaise oh nice yeah
my bad we're gonna face this no go to
the rest of the snacks okay the one
that's super bomb is they're sweet and
sour sauce the sweet sour sauce there's
better than any other students awesome
with dogs I've tasted so the sweet and
sour sauce South Africa sweet sour sauce
McDonald's a home so we are series of
snacks here from chips to chocolate bars
kind of popped it explode in the bag so
the wrappers all little sticky and we've
got these in East London and put them
backpacks a little mushy but the quality
of the taste is probably something yeah
a little you know it's fine it's fine
sat on me so let's go chocolate chip so
I think I think Sandra chips yeah good
like you know eat first
yes okay great well you're trying right
now I have a feeling to like this if
it's like a white chocolate I'm yeah I
like a new get like a new bit - okay I
wasn't expecting it to look like that
visuals not great you first actually
again it looks very indie and I say so
what a lot of things there's a lot of
Indian influence Indian after there's a
lot of like influences there that
crossover so doesn't look very familiar
to me straight enemy never okay I'll
take your germs oh not what I expected
you know what I'm very familiar with
this taste this tastes to me like a lot
of Indian desserts I've had before I
like it I like it yeah it's not too
sweet yeah soup nice like dessert for
the pansies I can't handle too much
sweet thumbs up yeah thumbs up thumbs up
bar one the number one bar for a 25 hour
day whoo my kind of things I get some
energy energy bars big milk chocolate
with nougat and caramel Center we own
the nougat train right now
no get such a funny word nougat nugget
nougat it's like nugget but someone
who's like I'm gonna episode go for it
looks like how I thought it would look
mm-hmm
I think this is gonna be like Three
Musketeers
yeah this one's pretty basic like they
must do it's not exactly like thumbs-up
for me nothing special it's good though
hard critic okay so I called this mule
oh but be sure it's my little it's a
drink
I know Indian people drink it as well
and this is the chocolate bar version of
it taste the good life with Nestle Milo
I think I'm real I don't remember which
one it isn't as a malt
I like my and the green packaging wants
me to believe it's minty that might be a
miss yeah I don't know about being
packaging him up I'm cool I'm cool too
green man yeah you know I really taste
the malt coming through
he's powdery it's like powdery with men
which is a weird it's good really
intense look I'm really having a hard
time getting this down right now a
soccer player on it right so if you want
to be good at soccer
have you tried this kind of
in this one it says thanks on it PS
thanks skansen shared yeah crazy
packaging I don't know yes the period is
a Wi-Fi symbol so it makes me believe
that this is contributing some good
cause layers of wafer and caramel
flavored cream smothered in Cadbury
caramel confection where did this
campaign I mean you got to give me more
than this saying but why why would I do
this this is the vine this is the line
okay can you guys stop affecting my
judgment with your noises please Oh
crunch nothing been destroyed by
turbulence a dry crunch I like it oh
yeah this is great that's great
all y'all on your noises I was really
doubting this one it tastes like a wafer
like the vanilla wafers but never a
second fight yeah this is uh this is a
thumbs up for me I'm number one what's
number one mm-hmm for sure
yes thanks Tom delicious wafer biscuit
and caramel covered in chocolate
flavored coated one does not have a scan
share soon so what are you doing some
nuts understand what happened there
you'll see in a second it's gonna snap
and then it very hard to bite it's a
little bull robbery it's hard to buy
doesn't taste bad but unexpected not mad
you know wafer but made out of elastic
bands that's what that was yeah no was
that the turbulence or is that how it is
part of me believes both Tex that ones
is some aggressive branding yeah
Tex rich creamy Nestle milk chocolate
with Aero Center and filled biscuit
wafers so you don't know what an arrow
is no some Americans don't have arrow
Canadians up arrow it's like this
chocolate with bubbles inside like space
levels oh I think I've seen a picture of
it yes he's gonna be like a coffee crisp
from Canada that's what this is me okay
sounds good poppy good
it's because I have identified almost
all these chocolates as being something
that I'm familiar with this one's pretty
good coffee crisp yeah last copy this is
exactly this one's like a warm hug we
have two left I'm feeling overwhelmed
with sugar
it's a lot another green no green which
means mint peppermint crisp Charlie said
this is very South African it says
peppermint crisp peppermint cool okay
that's very scripted Chris mint crackle
coated okay that is oh it has like a
green interior it's in I don't know yeah
this looks like it has literally green
toothpaste inside oh so it looks like
you see that little chance I know about
that one oh wow oh wow we are that's
that's toothpaste notices imagine
chocolate-covered candy canes the
texture Ziva's not soft it's like hard
candy inside for just chocolate-covered
toothpaste that's super aggressive I'm
not a huge fan okay hey for some people
your new end on Milky Bar crackle I
don't know if this scrapple is part of
the name but it's right next to it what
it is no P bar this is a crisped rice
and creamy white confection the use of
the word confection maybe they legally
can't say chocolate chocolate trademark
or it's like not real chocolate oh I see
white yawn has been Wow racist all the
white chocolate
I only just miss a only taste mmm it's
so close to being good I can tell this
is the mint from the last one I think
it's the mint that's dope cuz it's very
very light flavor I think this is good
yeah what is there
the crackle okay out of all of them I'm
gonna say my favorite or win it
glitter winner yes yes caramel if you
don't know what you support but it looks
like something so thank you for your
service and the worst one I'm gonna say
was
toothpaste the toothpaste mints I'm
gonna say it's a little just - and us
maybe our palate is just not used to
that much maybe you saw the African
palates you the mint is that they can
they're ugly
we're pansies maybe we're pansies chips
so this brand called Simba which I'm
really into let's go with you this is
ghost pops no this was Charlie's
favorite she was all about these not fun
no just like ketchup chip pots ketchup
just like Egyptian that crunch goes away
really very quickly it's like a mm-hmm
chutney flavored chips
I believe clouds like these luck I love
them Kyle I'm gonna see if I respect you
or not right
oh yeah my parents would love this these
are so good uh-huh smoked beef flavor
good job spent on a plane because of the
way it's about to explode right now no
I've had beeps since literally Gray
Davis did obviously the marketing is how
does that not have beef in that she's an
onion very I'm getting it so you know
this just proves that our Indian clown
taste anything yeah that's a lot of
onion yeah no it is normal Mexican
chilli and your app installed
it's terrible effortless I also oh there
it is no spicy
that's a good little spice to it no what
is your favorite one I think it's gonna
I'm gonna say - Chuck yeah yeah boom I
don't mind if I do
let me tell you why I'm a trash human
right because I make my hot tub my bath
and stuff so hot really it's not even
five minutes no they're all my friends
things too hot I got up so I was never
like literally five minutes but I feel
great
also I'm not wearing pants who when
you're shirts long enough to do oh
please up guys
my tailbone is broken we're never trying
for like why like the top of my butt
hurts so much and I've come to the
conclusion it's because the Safari and
the bumpy road on the way to that large
thing where I was constantly being
thrown around and now I think my
tailbone is bruised but that's what I'm
dealing with right now a jam-packed day
I'm having such an amazing time one of
the things I'm also learning is that
like all these different organizations
that do great work it's so beautiful
when they work in harmony like today
when I went to the safe car it was so
cool to see like char Lisa's
contributions and UNICEF's contributions
and just like it's so lovely to see how
everyone's efforts can come together
make such a real impact and change now
he's such a phenomenal time when you're
watching this today is my last day it's
gone by so quickly it's my last day but
it is me and great day I'm really
excited my first ever meet and greet in
South Africa specifically China spoke
I'm sorry I couldn't do many other
places probably back don't worry as for
right now I don't even know what date is
when you're watching this so if it's
Monday there's main channel video if
it's not Monday then ignore this today
also there's a new spice news on IG TV
make sure you check that out till
tomorrow stay smiling
you
