we back in the crib son and daughters
because equality alright so today is
rejuvenation Sunday my body hurts so
much but I did get a lot of sleep that's
probably why I got so much sleep no naps
will happen today it'll be a hustle day
and rejuvenation day here's my game plan
I'm gonna do a whole bunch of tasks
today that will set me up for the rest
of the week aka rejuvenation Sunday
right now I'm updating my Mac who the
hell ever updates a computer no I click
ignore all day every day every single
moment of my entire life
for Miami tomorrow tomorrow comes when
tomorrow comes when tomorrow tomorrow
comes I thought my computer out the
window I'm updating it though that's
what's happening over in do my laundry
I'm gonna fix up with fierce little bit
of poking in Little Kingdom
I said breakfast my try to also go to
the gym today I have one major project
to finish today and I'm gonna finish it
before I watch Game of Thrones Ross I'm
not allowed to watch Game of Thrones but
it's gonna be a hustle
work rejuvenation day I'm excited have a
busy week ahead I hope you're excited
because you're gonna be with me and I'm
excited because like you but kind of
like intertwined in life in some way
might not know you personally might not
know your name but like you kind of let
me into your day and so like feel like
we're kind of connected and not in
always but in some ways I feel like you
know you know some be bitch I'm like
weird day weird today I'm weird today
I'm excited it's gonna be a good day and
it's in our control and you our day is
in your control
so I'll control my day you control your
day we're in this together let's do it
okay I came with this new handshake
right and this shell is gonna do a
humble my village do with you guys I'm
gonna do with humble and you guys maybe
be a good team super handshake you write
this what it goes so say this is someone
else's hand right it's a work in
progress it's a work in progress I just
kind of modified it for you for humble I
didn't have the super sign like we
that'd be dope oh my god I'm gonna come
for the handshake we can do awesome
it's definitely Memorial Day weekend
because my neighbor or rowdy is a frat
house earlier this morning one of my
neighbors like rang my doorbell he was
topless I was like half asleep trying to
answer but then non-thinking buddy he
was topless that I probably should have
anyways
yesterday I mentioned in my vlog that I
could've found my Nintendo actually did
find it last night before I was leaving
was under a pile of
my room Oh what um which is like
horrible in use for humble because we
already know I'm Erica monopoly deal and
if we start playing Mario Kart like she
has no chance you know means name was
Susie who else was you know in my
version of Mario Kart ain't no one gonna
beat me I promise I'm a really humble
person oh I'm so proud of humble but
keeping the apartment so clean like I
thought for sure I'd come back and I was
beat gonna be on fire but like the
apartment was not on fire what I've done
in throw reference I'm gonna be a good
girl go to gym is humble that's not why
I'm vlogging I'm logging because I'm
finally wearing Cassie's pants pop like
that pop flex parents they're like super
rainbow and like super awesome can you
see the rainbow knees maybe you can't
cuz it's overexposed but I swear I'll
call home both cough alright yeah
they're dope so I can finally like wear
them and they're really comfortable I
really like them sometimes I feel like
they're like oddly shade from their
super type of these was a really super
comfortable and I went Shane Mitchell's
but to wander rocking all my girls girl
loved Oleg oh my laughs I'm gonna take a
shower
worked up a sweat shower and then with
my laundry and then we're to continue
with our day of hustling what's poppin
uh humbles gone bike riding with you
seven them and I wasn't gonna gone but I
got a whole bunch of stuff and my legs
kind of really hurting from working out
whenever I key an action by another desk
I'm explained I'm going to a small desk
right here just to make this more of a
work environment for multiple people I'm
gonna make up a second small desk there
may be humble can work there as well but
I just wanted to this whole thing to a
work type area also I want to turn this
we got these pillows into like a
lounging area and I want to start that
posted thing for my room I talked about
again so I'm gonna do that as well
dusters I got a lot of work done just
now and I'm gonna make a quick IKEA trip
and after happening I should probably
put a Braun let's do it once I'm
actually allowed to be in the color
section because that's what I came for
panda panda Panda
it's my car so much I need to wash it
also though the struggle is real right
now it's so quick and efficient and I
can't picked out everything got
everything I need to get but there's
like a pickup area we had to bring your
car around and align them to get in that
pickup areas like around the building
so zoo and I can't right now Bumba clot
zoo
I am so directionally challenged I can't
even follow GPS and you pissed let's
turn left and twenty meters I'm good now
the worst look look at all the adult
thing happening here this Samara towel
film the game tumbles up were here
fixing the ketchup operate on ketchup
mad at belting if you're calling I first
moved in here I stumbled everything
about myself but thought nice to have
friends and I'm going things a three
peer person three person three people
versus one IKEA desk we could do it
maybe it's questionable oh my god so
much adult thing are you ready for this
biome how can first of all how perfectly
does it fit in this little section right
here
that's my fine measuring skills say
basically is my desk replicated over
here I got same lamp got all the
colorful stuff and the stuff and a magic
board and everything high five high five
yeah
what's the weight of me before I'm the
shape of the box of Winkies so you don't
feel like you're gonna fly you gotta box
quick oh it's like a paper couple with a
bun so I'm bleeding see me sit away from
her
here's the ways are you doing this so
they get you from the top or the bottom
where your Whizzer blood that kind of
smaller than the violin I'm gonna play
for the cut why the one go down the side
and tumble out of it trouble of service
that's not happen I haven't I haven't
seen this before
oh yeah because I have a professional
box where you know what you might go
viral and it's my baby might be here
first viral video on YouTube cuz I don't
think scientifically it's gonna work
if like the Jamaican bobsled team what
you know why is really go one ride only
thing you miss your boss no idea I told
you no fully work you're gonna flee fly
oh yeah
I won't feel I'm talking with how would
if you go on and flat on your back would
have you go on your belly like guys like
a belly for the boss so what have you
lie down there's more distributed at
you'll comment below if you know what
this means
you know I'm gay so every time I like
even throws you watch a bit later than
like when it airs so we can't go on
social media because last episode like I
went through Twitter and I saw what's
gonna happen so for about to watch is
just exciting okay so as I mentioned but
the hi and shake humble and I just with
the 15 minutes are getting it out humble
it showed up go crack under pressure
ready ready here it is that's what's up
this is like weird like the coolest
people ever talked with Lilly fix them I
rose a little bit below burping arm
under old thing
oh it is like 5:00 a.m. I have to get up
like 10 ish so I'm gonna head to bed
thank you so much for joining me another
eventful crazy weird random day and I
hope you had a wonderful stupendous day
tomorrow is Monday technically just a
holiday here in America but it's not a
holiday for us because the hustle
continues and I can't wait to flex all
over Monday if you like it subscribe if
you like it subscribe that a really dope
week Raptors game Selena Gomez concert
chill with Joe Jonas met with Cena Gomez
another Raptors game like I just wanna
take home to say I am not even for a
second taking any of this for granted I
recognize how amazing that sounds and
how amazing that is and I feel so great
I'm blessed
