oh I thought you said there was a gate
like yeah yeah the gate that keeps the
animals in you're inside the reserve I'm
like welcome we hustle harder
productivity live here how are you this
wonderful morning because I am swell I'm
gonna stretch it out a little bit um by
the little tent there we go get to it
you know here's a mystery today like
east London I think it's cold which is
confusing cuz I'm like London in South
Africa am i ignorant DSR visit will tell
you more about that demigod jitter gotta
go through my inbox got me some calls to
God take care of some business while
enjoying the scenery you ready did one
last leg of Durban cuz he's about to go
wake and Caliphate in this
okay we just arrived
shook to my core that child is a fat
mood I swear to god I'm about to try
this thing called stony ginger beer and
the apparently popular in South Africa
is it awesome Charlie's awesome give you
my honest review I don't know if I like
ginger beer but we'll say that it's true
but it's going on the ground so Kyle and
I don't know what we just got ourselves
into this ETA Opie team said are you
guys cool with going and doing something
with questions on stage no we're like
okay and now we're gonna find out what
that looks good
oh I just that's amazing programmed by
these change drivers hello they're so
amazing basically help their communities
and empower kids and just make so much
positive change in the world that so
many wonderful things like give them all
a challenge to give one message to the
world in one sentence stand by for me
young people using procedural protection
condoms and contraceptives any one part
now welcome means to young people being
engaged in there in the
because you find that young people know
what they know the issues that they are
facing here my god know your values and
stand we are and make the best decisions
for you and then enjoy like to see young
people being involved in creating
illnesses especially in South Africa
whereby the government will create
policies within young people not
involved I want young people to be part
and parcel of policymaking and speaking
what they wanted not what the god will
think they actually want okay
so I've never been south africa
Shirley's Union just point out the
dopest snacks for me to try from this
world we're at the best place to buy
snacks in the gas station gas station on
dopey hyundo feet that point out the
best snacks to try here we go chocolate
or candy both right here bug here
crunchy
hey we have crunchy though I want unique
to something it's actually very unique
and she's like do you have kick cat we
got to get different flavors of Simba
chips so let's get every flavor which is
amazing okay we'll get a first inch okay
I'm into it I'm into a cow you don't
have Chomp no I don't know that that's
the real deal okay every what is this
five star that new
you grab one of those even this with
this interesting we got one of those
you'll have that pepra members we did
not decide okay cool
you know what is this we make tart out
of that mint bars nice mint bars I'm
into it what's a milky bars Oh milky
boys berry South African oh yeah meal oh
okay it's your treat right yes all right
gather up follow these here we go y'all
have a yacht here it's our history
this is our Hall we're gonna try all of
this tonight I already know my stuff are
you feel your butt hold on but not
because of the snacks because you're
just weak any sugar count good morning
it is the next day we are a few logs
behind because the Wi-Fi worst thing is
really really bad we're staying in this
really dope Lodge let me show you we
just exited our tent this is where we
are staying and get this true thing
we're inside a reserve so there's a huge
gate around this property but inside the
gate are lions and giraffes all of the
things we're basically in the same areas
though it's like a real thing so yeah
we're sleeping with the Lions today we
just were here for one night Kyle is a
dead person Kyle spent all night puking
and and other things would do that
motion again so he's not feeling too hot
today supposed to be a safari day this
is what happened here with Kyle's like
so there's a gate right for the animal
and they're like yeah okay cool and then
as we're driving to our lodge we saw
like impalas Hey Hey look
oh I thought you said there was a gate
like yeah yeah a gate that keeps the
animals in you're inside the reserve I'm
like transportation vehicle and it's
like 15 minutes to get to the main place
15 minutes of a drive so I'm walking
back to my room right before it's on the
drive brick and I definitely hear some
honey some sort of like we won't just
slowly take really steep so like prayed
to fall no it's cool but horrifying at
the same time
but what to the point that they
associate no hunting on this reserve
this is you're protecting right you look
great on camera thank you we're driving
and Kyle hasn't been here yet so that's
not Kyle is this this is Ron oh dang
white rhino how do you know why well you
tell that did you see the grass in the
done mm-hmm white rhinos are grazers
black rhinos are browsers which means
they eat from the shrub you can tell
it's white rhino but you can also tell
it's a female what I can tell it's a
female it's a nice neat pile of Danites
on it he goes in rub three men I tell
you so that while he's walking he's
marking his territory with the scent on
his back for you female they just drop
in good y'all just waste youth I'm in
love there's little babies here they're
so small little wee-wee babies oh my
goodness
now I just can't even doesn't know from
me we'd break down what's happening for
you half of the team is sick and
quarantined over there the quarantine
area has non sick people are over here
in the safe healthy area yes including
Charlize there's a safe healthy of
course not like food poisoning or
something quarantined it's like The
Walking Dead hugs are so confusing it
was so much for John's camera to know
which days with or back in Joburg we
flew back no lie half the team I think
it's like norovirus because half the
team is like dying I've separated from
Charlize CT AOP segment is officially
done and units that officially begin
here in Joburg first of all this is room
they put me in can we just just take a
moment here like like what the hell I'm
not this important are you kidding me
right now little elephant oh my god from
a real elephant today to this what a
full-circle hotel manager stop thinking
about me special African welcome to you
enjoy your time in Joburg and thank you
for the good that you do let us know if
you cry or need assistance real ones say
hello hello hello hello it's me hello
it's me quite possibly a perfect hotel
room
got myself a space heater and this
closet like I'm packing my stuff can we
just like I just very aware of my
privilege right now feeling very blessed
no no you will accidentally use body
lotion as conditioner put it in your
hair okay you did not me my hair just
coincidentally very soft and moisturized
alright mate so just ordered some food I
have no idea how long this vlog is I'm
gonna end it here let's see how we did I
also drank a bottle of water in the car
after drink two bottles water and some
points I have not drank a lot of water
on this trip though gonna try to change
that now let's do it
tomorrow we gonna do lots of good stuff
learn lots of stuff and then you know
when you're watching this tomorrow is my
meet and greet
you
