there might be poo in my eyes good
morning I haven't got enough ever washed
my face or anything it's been so long
stuff started a vlog in bed so hi hi how
are you good morning good morning
sunshine
the time is 10:45 I woke up an hour ago
at 9:45 I just had a call the call I did
wake up for the call I just did wasn't
bad and I was on my laptop but I did the
call and went great
I went to bed at like 4:30 so five and a
half hours of sleep but I'm pretty up
right now so I'm talking myself to not
go back to bed because we all know how
that is going to add a number to wake up
tomorrow and that's not the real case
I'm gonna get up and have some breakfast
today I am shooting a bunch of stuff
throughout the day I also have my Ice
Age ADR and interviews and photos so my
hair and makeup as gang down if you
poppy and ash they're gonna come over
which is great and there's also Raptors
Game one today Kraven I'm gonna never
leave League I'm never doing a blood
inevitably gonna miss a little bit of it
because I'll be coming back for my HADR
but that's what's going on and then I
got a pack because tomorrow going to
Salt Lake City which I've never been
because fun fact I was supposed to go to
Sundance which happened there but then I
was stranded in New York refer to vlog
where I was stranded in the blizzard
death of life and I didn't get to go to
Salt Lake so it'll be my first time mess
is going on but first let's go eat some
oatmeal and some vegans a sage no no no
wait maybe like four seconds
I already fixed my bed ate some
breakfast did the dishes kill him the
game clean the place drank some water
and I'm hanging up stairs to get to work
lie down listen I have a layer of
sleepiness on top of me right now but
we're ignoring that we're ignoring that
right now because running it to work
it's an hour rejuvenation Sunday or else
I get a burnout or else I could take a
nap
Omaha's let me know by the way I just
wanna point out for all of you that like
oh my god sleepers sleep deprived I'm
not people like - yes okay listen today
I got five hours of sleep but I don't
usually I usually get like seven eight
hours of sleep what it is I just need
more sleep than other people I've
learned tests my entire life all my
friends have always needed less sleep
than me humbling is less sleeping me
sleep is on my bigness we cuz biggest
weaknesses I'm not gonna getting up
there's not a morning person
this is not how my body was made so
hamton dee dee girl yo I am killing the
game thus far I since we last vlog I did
a little bit of a shoot outside the two
shots had to do one a little balcony one
near the pool I took a shower and now
I'm trying over the footage and
literally with 1 min to spare as Renee
and I she'll be here in one minute
kilulu goon squad za Poppy's here ashes
her lashes lipstick though like the way
she does her lipstick actually don't
feel for some boss - so you can come
wearing boss No
just on point we're gonna make me look
like like am i gonna make me look like a
lady or something close
what's up check the get up full unicorn
swag we got unicorn earrings all right I
got my unicorn shirt my yellow shoes
let's go cord some Ice Age ADR I wear my
characters names are misty and bubbles
and I'm gonna taste right they're gonna
tell me which voices decide to go to how
they decided which lines they decided so
for the best so I'm here Fox Studios I'm
about to see a clip I'm not sure to you
because you gotta wait but I'm gonna
show us the clip with my voice as the
characters I have saw Xin Adso this full
spirit okay here we go we're ready ready
ah damn it
well that seems super back here I'm
vlogging so we're here with Lily and
we're doing some around here
good big smile on this one and then arms
out around them on this with that same
big smile yeah perfect cute so cute
maybe a baby's gonna go there babies
okay gang yeah but that's fun because
even if she's got that attitude with
these little cute yeah mini corns next
to you yeah
all right I'm home now rappers name is
started it's not going so well
Cleveland's kind of destroying asked
reasons a very very good team let's see
what's going on okay a few things number
one I'm an idiot cuz I braided my hair
not remembering that tonight need to
shoot part of video I wish I need to
match to another part of you that is
shot and my hair was not braided then so
I'm take my braids out and undo the
crimp that's what happened like might
call me on straightening it out I took
seven steps in the wrong direction
second thing Cleveland is working on
sorted huh its second quarter there's
seven minutes left in second quarter and
there it's thirty forty nine they're
marking us so I told you Cleveland's are
really good team but I'm so tired one
two the rappers are losing by so much
there's like four minutes up in the game
best informants it's 78109 it's like
murk egde 1:10 okay thank you for the
correction everyone I'm so tired
a few the girls are coming over so I
cannot on them just shoot a scene for
the video and then I'm gonna take an
hour nap and then I'm gonna have a shoot
another quick scene with d-trix and then
another scene and then I got a record
around and I had a pack and now we're
nominees to happen I'm not even gonna
tell humble to wake me up because I'm
really tired oh I just fell asleep on
the floor I didn't do the shot that you
can do it you can do this they're gonna
be here in ten minutes you can do this
you can do this do one scene and then
take a nap it's fine you can do it we
can't do it alright finished shooting
the scene I got a really really
resisters take a nap in a midnight in
about two hours I'm gonna go meet with
d-trix he's so kind he's me with him and
he's meeting with me at midnight just do
a quick to second scene for my video
he's so so sweet and I I'm so
appreciative that so that's what's
happening I've kind of started to pack
based off what Derek told me it's okay
we're gonna hustle see what it's feeling
good these are all good things being
busy is a good thing also I stayed
you're so exciting I don't get to talk
about a proper little smokes thanks to
the characters and like okay I only have
like two lines so don't go you know
expecting me having some I only have two
lines but it's still really cool it's my
first studio movie it's over the
exciting so like if you blink you might
miss my line but like it
kara because it's still so special and
it's really really cool and everyone
they're so nice and so it was such an
awesome experience so I was really dope
here we go
let's keep hustling so we're heading to
the LACMA lamps just shoot a quick thing
with d-trix who like I said was so sweet
to meet up with me asleep got the a one
percenter tog refer right here holdin it
down
humble the poet my homie try to think of
a hashtag by the way I tried to doses a
pul you LLL alright it's green let's go
let me introduce it to my date hello I
was the default because a lot of guys
said no the first guy asked right yeah
what's happening with Anand Oh
are you associate to come out
everybody's friends with them yes dope
thank you so much this awesome these are
lakh my lights by the way does the first
time lived in LA for ten years what's
wrong with you I don't know like four
months but this is a very romantic time
thank you so this is good at things I
like treat my men right you know man
it's like 1:00 a.m. and were eating
dinner our life you gotta put the chips
in the sub yeah I mean get all crunchy
get in there
that's what's up 24/7 am finishing the
last scene I need you the rent and I'm
gonna do it look at look at me look at
this face is the face of someone who's
going to do it right now alright this is
the face there's a Nike check mark on my
face cuz I'm gonna do it right now right
humble I'm tired you what if I take a
nap and you wake me up I mean I did take
a 10-minute nap on the floor today and
got up right away oh my god kill me okay
I'm basically shooting Thursday's video
and it's to do with my partnership with
coke I don't get to exactly what it is
but it's really really cool there's like
a cool thing
the cool thing and
that video just know that I know my
lipstick is effed up because I'm
developing a pimple here and I didn't
think it looked bad in the mirror but on
camera just looks like my lipstick has
effed up but so when you watch it know
that that's a situation I'm gonna wash
my hair because it's disgusting right
now I guess whatever product we put in
it to braid it is just so super oily so
I'm gonna go do that and only at zero
sleep because it's 3 something I'm gonna
wash my hair after pact still enough to
leave at 5 so this is going on but we
can weaken again you can do you can do
it they can okay we can do they can do
it I swear I blinked two times and it
turned into five o'clock I don't even
know what happened but I'm packed I'm
ready to go I hope I don't forget
anything I'm trying to pack for Raptors
game Selena concert shoot going home
different weather conditions hopefully
not very cold but I'm not really sure if
I finished packing everything I need to
have everything I need but we're headed
to the airport
let's go the fort is in your hands my
friend you will return to a fourth that
is just as wonderful if not better than
what you left I trust you as long as one
of us trust me anything funny Palacios
cost you what I think overhead then
failure telephones we're not going to
use while their purpose let's do it I'm
gonna sleep ends to our cell phone
feature completely if you let it guard
on the plane three seconds pass and we
landed or in Salt Lake City I'm so damn
tired I'm gonna die I'm and the vlog
here I don't know what I'm gonna I don't
know what's happening we're in Salt Lake
City Salt maybe everything with a french
fries if you like it subscribe if you
like it subscribe Lego I'm up there oh
man gentlemen you were witnessing a
waste youth you're almost there
