happy Beyonce day yo what's up good
morning good afternoon today we're going
to the Beyonce concert in this situation
why shoutouts to Amex access for hooking
me up with these tickets most of all cuz
I tweeted about it and then I got
tickets and I'm so excited I feel so
fortunate and blessed to be the sisters
and I bet cuz I'll make lemonade in my
mouth but we're gonna be on the floor
and I don't know kind of see how but it
doesn't matter because I'm so happy the
way I'm so excited either to be honest
this concert before and if you know
anything about me you know I love going
to shows and concerts because I feel
like it's so important to expose
yourself to that type of vibe and
inspiration because every time I go to
those events I take a look around I come
home and I'm like inspired to work so
hard so that's what's going on I'm
posting yesterday's vlog all night know
what I'm sorry I haven't been posting my
vlogs earlier I used to meeting them at
like 9 a.m. now it's basically a lot of
my people people on my team are not here
and there's a lot of things trying to
figure out and that's where things
recently have been like ask Superman
live that's been like very last minute
with me telling you the time and the
vlog timing so I'm sorry I'm trying my
best and just like doing with a lot of
different things right now and working
on a lot different things and so I'm
just trying to like make everything
happen so everything will happen maybe
not right at the exact time supposed to
happen but I'm trying my best humbles
here yes and what do we find out about
the concert today oh yes good good man
humble I love it it's outside this is
knowledge to know because now I'm gonna
bring seven sweaters because you know
imma be freezing it's at the Rose Bowl
which looks like this it's massive the
Rose will they play a really big
football game every years called the
Rose Bowl never Rose Parade you gonna
have to Tramp with me like what am i
girlfriend into like a big proper proper
big concert I went to came for
everyone's oh yeah Beyonce's obviously
Anna should have to perform rapture
honey so we don't ever been to like
Stadium then it doesn't even stick in
Serena's I've never been to
in the stadium yeah I don't think I've
been to a concert in a stadium before
either
the Masters do yeah I saw that
that's what I want to work really really
hard I've asked to perform in lab today
and then we're gonna go to the concert
come on work again because tomorrow is
rejuvenation Sunday that's right we
gotta earn it
me gasps oatmeal in my ball me god what
a makeup pinkeye beyoncé tickets in my
pocket and love in me all right yo look
at you just chill in here
chill in here we're doing a soup of
alive and in true fashion my nose is so
itchy and red and I'm doing my thinking
face like that and I'm I already got pin
on the death of the Pentagon the desk
putting a marker on the desk I'm eating
popcorn ah it's great everything's going
great
everyone laughs they're all here they're
being so patient 15,000 people were
watching at one point which is like god
I should that's you know I tried have
probably been funny if 15,000 people
watching but being myself and humble the
poor record in your closet it has zero F
given about your clothes
I would buy what boys them I tell you
boys then another question is how do I
create an outfit sorry does like how do
I create an outfit that's swag is a butt
warmers f.cuz gonna be outside it's
already chilly else on right now I'm
gonna take my shawl thingy but I need
like layers up in here I need to be
onion I need to make sure we screw up in
here so we want to figure this out right
now cuz I don't know how I'm a little
cute and warm it's tough just talk to
you look cute sometimes Rami ah yo these
the vibes just simple makeup nothing too
much I got my own a ponytail my hair
half-breed and just the vibe you know
you know you ready ladies last game ball
nation so the real answer concert
doesn't allow purses and lauren brought
a suitcase
has like everything you could ever need
she's the opposite of me what do you
have in there like everybody could ever
need man's chopstick headphones chargers
hey you don't need that bones she's
gonna be live she's not on her screen
we've been in this car for like an hour
more than an hour probably because
Beyonce shut down the city in the
streets and there's been traffic and
like no one's moving anywhere it's like
the concerts are eight minutes ago dj
khaled is open for so like he's talking
on stage right now but it's like crazy
it's like craziness this traffic as far
as I can see in front of - that's hard
cream beta the power cream you know
she's straight up shut down the city all
the radio stations are like you're late
for the Beyonce concert okay we've gotta
now and we're walking we're pretty much
missing dj khaled but we're like we
can't miss beyoncé so everyone's just
getting other cars and walking see we're
all Canadian so we didn't know we left
so much in advance oh we left oh no we
went left really we left like an hour
and a half in advance and it's actually
40 minutes away and so I said King is
that girl knob and you're some things
like everyone else that lives in LA
knows to see like three hours early it
she's like pack like you didn't come to
ours so now we're like walking there see
if we can miss scream be like if you
don't fight we can you're out in the
distance that we think reality might be
bygone because we hear it I hear the
Queen off in the distance summoning me
my feet literally put her on fire we
made she didn't go on yet but this is
crazy this is huge look at it
I started starting trying to get to our
seats
the pain
corporations or the ocular cleaner
thanks a a sling
if you say every day same if you
damn good time tonight
who knows a spiritual experience and I'm
gonna talk about for a really long time
as soon as I get home
I didn't think in today's day and age it
was possible to get stranded but here we
are basically there's only certain place
Uber's pick people up and it's so far as
we were walking we're taking a break
right now I was sitting on sidewalk and
there's just so much traffic well the
traffic goes business the same situation
as it was when we got here and
everyone's stranded and there's like so
many people sitting on the walking
aimlessly and saying on the sidewalk so
it's past midnight and we're just riding
here but my eyes look real good in this
phone light so that's what's really up
Laurens gonna like a smart ace -
Combusken - starving that was a survival
mechanism I saw her put the emergency
granola bar in her pocket is now gone
Sarah's here and that's a situation
humble is sitting over there he's tryna
sit on the curb doesn't hurt it's
tangled everywhere holy crap holy crap
holy crap holy crap
Oh like I'm speaking hands me beyond
this concert was so damn good I've seen
her perform live multiple times I think
this is her best show by far it's so
friggin good the mashups she has a
little reggae dancehall section that
totally brought my scar bro it was so
freeing good so back-to-back like very
few breaks so her stamina must be like a
hundred right now I was just to get I
just it was so good like it was so good
and so inspiring and so wonderful and
I'm so happy I went like this so blessed
to witness that because all about
exchanging energies it's all about
energies we all have an energy I've got
little Roo Beyonce's feel the
rejuvenator right now let's go see what
Moe thought of it what was your review
had the concert oh it was phenomenal
I realized I don't need a man to be
happy I love myself it was really good
myself tonight it was she was her voice
is no joke it's no joke
there's not even a like a hint that
there could be something going on with
your voice like lip-syncing dub over
it's like straight live and she's got
like a trillion-dollar voice yeah and
she's also dance she's an amazing dancer
amazing performer just like so good
Holly crap Pueblo everybody Pablo
he was just so good I'm so happy but
also took us two and a half hours three
hours to get home because no one can get
overs no all the roads are closed so
just like Beyonce doesn't shut down the
street made people homeless just queen
toilet awkwardly so much purple came out
of my hair like my shower looked like a
prince memorial I swear to God there was
a purple everywhere probably purple
everywhere the morning - and what an
amazing day holy crap I'm so inspired
Beyonce's a queen and she's one of those
people were like you look at the stadium
filled was like approximately 70,000
people it was massive and it's like yo
so warranted like you deserve every
single anything because you're so damn
talented like aside from all other
amazing things who are talent you can't
question her talent like her voice is
just breathtaking
but thank you so much for joining me
today a very very exciting day and I
hope you had a exciting day and tomorrow
we're doing a shoot with bottom d 'the
moon jeath and it is also Raptors oh my
god this game seven its Raptors game
seven it's also Game of Thrones there's
a lot of exciting things happening I
suppose for rejuvenation Sunday but I do
have a little work to do the shoot like
I said and like a bunch of other stuff
so that's what's going on but for now if
you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
yeah
