I'm in milkshake you like my body could
mine again afternoon that's like my new
thing good morning afternoon good
morning just kidding off it's his
afternoon I'm about to have breakfast I
just had a meeting actually I already
done a meeting came back obviously and
eating breakfast before my meeting is
I'm an unhealthy person that doesn't
learn her lesson and wakes up three
seconds before every meeting she ever
has but I'm having Cheerios bananas with
some almond milk I've never had almond
but before but humble is assuring me
that it tastes wonderful and so that is
what is happening humbles getting a lot
of work done over here as you can see
you seem like goodbye I'm gonna eat the
cereal and then I have an interview and
that today is a creative work day it
better be because I canceled everything
else I had today to make it a creative
work day stuff may have no choice no the
time is 6 so 6 p.m. I've just little
been sitting here and working a lot of
work done humbles been sitting here
working
nothing eventful has happened besides me
sitting here and working I'm going to
have a Clif Bar and that's exciting I
also just ordered a very healthy to pull
a rice ball so that's also happening
hope you're well my gun pop gun alright
checking my rice ball hey I got lettuce
I got brown rice I got black beans I I
got the heaters I got some medium salsa
and I got some lettuce already say let's
I remember I got some guys that cut off
my hair my bad but that's why I got no
sour cream no cheese tops what's up this
is the vibes right here and I'm just
like singing a love song look ok I must
have spent a little more time for you I
like forgot humble about tacos and Otto
rice both he has changed
he's changed why don't want to change
why do I do I know you're right who did
you can't face him by yourself I suppose
do subdue our thing was to share and
then somebody went off man see inside of
this you can either always war
me to my own devices we'll have to get
so we got a taco that's the same size of
the rice bowl I'm probably busy oh my
god I did the same things yesterday I've
been vlogging for like four minutes and
I didn't press record it was the first
time god I'm getting so much work done
right now and it's awesome and it's the
first time I'm doing this you know new
watermelon nobody but you body but me
body but us bodies together I'd love to
hold you close tonight and always I love
to wake up next to you I love to hold
you close tonight and always I love to
wake up next to you so we'll piss on the
neighbours second time doing it's just
not as good I guess I don't know I think
it was already good back ok I swear when
I did the previous clip I did not know
there was a whole issue surrounding Zayn
you don't know about it i'ma briefly
talk about it I'm not gonna mention name
a person shell up you mention cuz I
don't believe in giving promo to people
that are seeking mad attention but
basically tidbit of information about me
l don't want to put one loved person and
I'd like to have a lot of patience I
when I when I do get my buttons pushed I
get like enraged by some things I have
to like talk myself out of I mean I'm
okay it's fine for example I get really
enraged with injustice like the Ke$ha
thing enraged me
people who write racist or like
homophobic things or like gender
inequality like all enrages me when
people say things to me I think I have a
higher tolerance because I guess I make
videos on the internet and I deal with a
lot of hate comments like I feel like
I've a thicker skin but if anyone's ever
say something or someone else in front
of me that was like homophobic or racist
like I get enraged like in rage
and so currently on Twitter there's a
person who shall remain unnamed who's
like tweeting so many homophobic racist
things and they mentioned Punjab which
is you know I'm Punjabi that's the area
of India my parents are from and so
they're being super racist and I was
like every part of me wants to drag them
because I know I have the ability to do
so but I promote what I love don't bash
what I hates instead of taking the
person and whatever I just like hey I
love Punjab Curry's great I'm Kentucky
and that was my you know but um yeah I
just wanted to bring this up because I
think it's important for us to remember
when we see things we don't like and I
think I mentioned this in my head would
not be a jerk on the Internet
it's no secret that people will do mean
things to gain traction people will do
main mean things start trending on
Twitter and then start promoting their
album or some crap like that and so you
really got to think humble tweeted I was
a really good point that was like hey
so-and-so made homophobic racist
comments now they're trending and
promoting their album whose really
wedding I think it's important to
remember that when people do things like
that the best way you can not contribute
to it is not to tag them not to tweet
them not to mention their name because
you're giving them more publicity and
that's what I've tried to do and I'm
just putting that into the atmosphere a
badge lunch did you learn that about
myself like if I ever was in a situation
I'm winning I'm smart even thinking
about it that was ever in a situation
where I was out with one of my gay
friends and someone said something
homophobic and offensive to them I feel
like I would lose my mind like I feel
like I would be instantly enraged and
just like lose much I'm very like I have
very little patience that kind of crap
and so I just had to like bring it down
a notch bring it down a notch and get it
together but like I can't believe in
2016 people are still at wack honestly
just get together where was the person
record I better have been present record
can yo I just like mad work has gone
done today so much work the time is
almost what time is it's almost 2:00
a.m. I think it is 142
how does my foundation get all over
everything I don't I just don't times
142 I'm gonna edit this vlog I'm gonna
read some stuff I'm out work out my arms
a little bit maybe do a few leg lifts so
my boot
he's like kind of okay before I thought
I'm gonna sit on the toilet and talk to
you these are the things that are gonna
happen Pueblo is here clap we'll say a
few words please here grab this make it
your own am i recording I am yeah make
it your own
oh hi guys oh hey look look at this
shirt I dedicate this point up so I just
been done preparing some words all day
that I wanted to say to you guys because
I love talking to a crowd so I'm so
sorry just cut it all out I didn't
prepare anything I do I do love
gibberish humble is always sick I told
him that's the other Thai music with no
norm and he's sick again humble is
always sick I was just a tweet humble
and be like dude sort your life oh he's
always sick he's always sniffling you
always eat what's wrong with you I mean
to you I'm so nice to you today I was so
nice to your doctor I brought you a Clif
Bar I gave you a Clif Bar I also I
bought you Chipotle yeah so I was
listening to NPR on my way home from
from the office they're talking about
optimists and I think that pertains to
what we were talking about the other day
and optimists are happy because they can
reframe bad things as that they're going
to be better whereas some people think
that if you plan to be disappointed you
plan for things to go badly then you can
only be pleasantly surprised when they
go well but the study found that
actually optimum optimists are happy
because they can reframe bad things to
think okay this this can be good because
in that remind me I'm like oh that's
what I was doing okay that was my that
was my thought I'm sorry I just cut it
out no you have some confidence would
you men I understand that I agree I'm I
would like to believe I'm optimized the
issue is not optimism the issue
that if we go outside right now and
Dericks in a t-shirt and it's minus 100
degrees and he's freezing he will not
just be like I'm cold and I need Jack
you like I like being cold that's the
issue when it affects problem-solving so
humble and I were making fun of Derek
because he can be so tired and he will
fall asleep in his chair like repeatedly
and he will refuse to go to bed he'll
just sleep in the chair and then when we
ask them why don't just go to bed you're
falling asleep it's like no I'm not hard
it's like the lack of problem-solving
doctor is he also does thing we just
says things they're true I'm hungry I
would like a mango is it my thoughts
today late tackle a lily I'm sorry this
was a boring blog I realized I just been
in my apartment for the whole day
talking to you about nonsense and just I
had a really productive day though like
I did a lot of work so I was a lot of
like computer work and stuff so I feel
kind of bad because I know a lot of
other vloggers like do exciting things
and sometimes I'm just thinking my
apartment but I have a feeling that you
guys might not mind let me know I'm
sorry I'm sorry my days aren't always so
exciting but I'm working on exciting
stuff so I hope that's okay and hope we
can still be friends blog channel
friends I'm gonna head to bed maybe do a
little bit of reading before I head to
bed tomorrow is rap Christine five this
series at I do too so mad stress was
also full weight worked in and Slonim
hope you had a wonderful splendid
spectacular day thank you for joining me
on my day and a SLIC continues tomorrow
if you like it subscribe if you like it
subscribe
