I wanna throw man to bring beer sometime
those are those are those words
can I speak hello good morning good
afternoon is - I just finished an
appointment and I'm in Brampton which is
where my sister lives and I'm going to
head to her house now to see my nephews
for the first time this trip
it is join us for the 4th birthday party
what can it speak fourth birthday and
that's going on I look a little bit
distraught right now still have my
makeup I used to do when I get to her
house but I'm so excited see my nephews
is gonna be a birthday and Pablo's in
the come because he's at our house but I
left him at home and then who knows
snapping after and then tomorrow morning
pebbles leaping so those are things that
are going on I'm just happy to spend
some good quality time I'm just an
exciting great day leg ow oh my God my
sister's basement so cold do you want to
know why they have all the toys this is
just the basement cake is the pile in
the basement just the basement they have
like so many toys it's mostly my parents
fault because they keep spoiling them
got all these toys they got over here
look at this this is my choice okay you
ready for this I Ravens look at this
turn up right here to Mister know when
we're done plays out preferably is right
apparentiy debase by a few blades many
plays you okay are you ready for that
party kids party ready I just I finally
got you know when you get it hair on
your eyebrow just won't come out and
just like an ingrown when I just finally
talked went on I felt so good I feel
that the last 10 pounds but to go down
do you release the ball cuz I'm Lisa
blog yeah I do some work we'll just line
and oh my eyes I wanted just two things
real quick yesterday I think I've
addressed this before but I'm address it
again because I address things over and
over again I'm not gonna FaceTime I do
Piazza in the last vlog everyone's like
oh my god Lily judging you so hard for
not wearing your seat belt I've
mentioned before I'm not saying it's
right or wrong Canadians at least every
Canadian I know we don't wear seatbelts
in the back I'm not saying that's right
I'd agree it's wrong but my whole life
like we've never worn see I think it's
in North America because even all my
American friends we rarely wear
seatbelts in the back wrong definitely
but we just been like a raised like that
and so I remember once when I went to
Australia
the cab driver wouldn't leave until I
put our seatbelts on the back and all of
us were like wait what so it's just
something
we've been brought up with I completely
agree you're right but just so you know
like when I'm sitting in the front I
always wear my seat belt when I'm
driving I always wear my SEPA I know
it's not any better like you still wear
it in the back I know I'm like an active
effort but come on blue where you're
from is that a thing or is it just
people I know cuz I'm pretty sure it's
all North Americans bulette me know
number two is my Drake video made it
onto WorldStarHipHop and this is proof
that you can get our WorldStarHipHop
without recording a fight and without
being mean and so I haven't checked yet
but all my fans look ya'll don't read
the comments they're mad mean I'm not
surprised I mean this is the website
that's used to seeing people beating the
crap out of each other to probably see
me doing comedy they're like okay who is
hoping she is but that's interesting
though because I just recently mentioned
in my video they're like it's not
important to be on Wall Street but I
don't I agree with that I don't support
this type of stuff they post but she's
interesting that a video about comedy
got on worldstar just something to think
about something to think about this is
the goal there's many ways to get there
not that this was the goal but I'm just
saying if it is the goal there's many
ways to get there how to vacuum when
you're a mom boss of three kids
got some good foods going on here I'm
really excited y'all this food all the
more toys so this is the upper level of
toys here
these are my three beautiful nephews
don't ask me to tell you who's who
because if you have those pictures room
you know this weird thing we're all kids
like my dad I don't know what it is I
really don't know what it is all kids
like my god
oh yeah so you love me do right baby's
in the lovely this is the youngest one
is yeah yeah he's a model babies yeah
DD's see subscribe subscribe can you
even say something subscribe good
birthday guy right here and then look at
Big E in that Talia's go to school
monkey monkey monkey this might tell you
this is a blue jay get you you don't
like you you don't like you Pueblo made
a dope edit of the Toronto footage of
cats yesterday I didn't think about
doing that he's just so dope so when you
say that dope edit nope webs made and
you should follow Krebs both in they
follow you clubs derek puebla youtube
dare Pablo mr. graham Derek problem
Twitter is all but under key tweets ID
tweet like the same things I I Instagram
too true
also it's mad call downstairs so you
know what's going on socks and sandals
no shame I don't give any ass
turn up turn up
and it was turn up right here okay
it was me I made it happen how do you
feel birthday boy you feel good yeah
what gave me playing okay I have a
question for you who is this no Blaine
anywhere where is there you have leaves
no no the blades are no way they have
fun yeah yeah you try to eat I let him
try one they go yeah yeah just so close
Lily so your name is Manny I absolutely
must be mom he's like mom sister but
they pronounce it I'm sure they could
not pronounce mine you got my name
parenting 101 years so good I'm really
good with kids when they it's like
sometimes listen hey me it's dad's party
time anything this calls from montage
you
enter frame turning up
oh please it's 9:30 I am tired as hell
humbles coming over in 30 minutes have a
work session so that means 30 minute nap
let go this is great because there's no
way I can sleep lingas humbles gonna
come you see this is great I should
always take naps like this when I have
to wake up no matter what I mean unless
I just don't answer the doorbell and
then ruin our friendship but we'll see
then that makes you even more tired in
north happening happening at this thing
where I'm always hungry but I just
always want to eat I don't know if it's
feet I think it's like when I'm I have
to do creative work around to write
video ideas one of the ways I want to
procrastinate is by eating it's like not
for crafting cuz I like doing up it's
like thinking of video I think um ideas
is the hardest part of our job I feel
like like more than the sleepless nights
editing everything it's the immense
amount of ideas not only for my videos
but like probably other things I got
going on so I always want to
procrastinate by eating that's at least
what I'm saying either that I'm just a
cow which is your resolve
he's watching President Obama White
House Correspondents Dinner I thought as
well will you Punk Trump well you see
the you might grab the told me a game of
thrones joke talked about locking the
room to take care become politicians and
you'll make it at the red wedding Obama
the man a party done don't my booty
stopping can't see it but Pablo sees it
probably a whole bunch of booty pop
around
your time is 3:00 a.m. these men are
gonna head to the airport soon I thought
maybe I could add up my bed I'd up my
bed nine or my mind is thought of maybe
edit my vlog while everyone still up so
that not to do it in bed while tears
streaming down my face I'm so tired so
tightly tuck with Lele and you sitting
here in London today was a chill day I
see my beautiful nephews are so adorable
and so cute got some fam that was nice
semi productive I got all my emails done
and I planned on my schedule for the
next few days which I basically
scheduled and all the things I didn't do
today later on so how could and then
tomorrow at 12:00 I gotta go get a
blouse made for a wedding and I'm a
bridesmaid at one of my closest friends
I'm going to see her and then I got an
interview at 1:00
no wait tomorrow Sunday what's happening
just the sari was fitting my trees on
Monday not tomorrow and then I want to
make tomorrow's big Monday's video
tomorrow and then eight is Raptors Game
seven against the Pacers and if they
lose they're out so they have to win
those mad intents of course that's a a
game of those at 9:00 so what if I miss
Game of Thrones but I'm recording it my
PVR because my beautiful mom got HBO for
me so my friends are coming over I'm
gonna watch the game a lot of them don't
care about the game and watching Game of
Thrones a lot of don't care about Game
of Thrones but they're gonna do it
because they love me and I'm gonna get
to see them and that's what's going on
so it's rejuvenation Sunday with a
little bit of work because we're on get
a video done and do some tasks but
that's what's going on I'm excited I did
drink a lot of grape juice
my teeth feel like they have carpets on
them I'm gonna go brush but added this
I'm gonna go to sleep we had a wonderful
great stupendous day I'm just chilling
up here do my damn thang you've you left
it subscribe if you liked it subscribe
use um well step hey why don't you come
and eat at the day I invented this
character first up from German mothers
say I never thought she would be on a
bill
lo behold here she is plagues
