stop stop everything you're doing
because today is gonna be a great day
good mornings after editing my blogs
every day also I realized that every
time I say good morning sounds like I'm
saying good morning and I don't have
said good so now I'm saying good morning
JK it is to 14th afternoon I slept in so
late I feel refreshed and energized such
needed sleep I feel like throughout the
week I literally am pushing myself and
pushing myself and I'm exhausted I
literally never have problems going to
sleep as soon as my head touches of
color like knock out and when I try to
use weekends now is that catch month
sleep like I mentioned in yesterday's
vlog you can release the vlogs a little
bit later on Saturday and Sunday it's
fine just rejuvenate for the week that
you're gonna have it's important so
that's what I wouldn't try to do I look
up this really witty article it's kind
of vulgar but it's victim gets read
victim gets revenge on rapists by
setting him on fire this is probably not
it seems like a gag joke thing it
doesn't seem real but it says he was
sort of asking for it dressing in such a
flavorful clothing if we didn't want to
get set on fire he should have stayed
indoors
he was probably drinking alcohol and
alcohol makes you more susceptible to
fire why didn't he stop drop and roll he
should have stopped dropped and rolled
he must have secretly wanted it it's
about basically pointing out how stupid
victim blaming is and how it's pathetic
and all that stuff so I thought that's
very witty I laughed at it humble is
here we got a bunch of things to do
today
some of them leisure e some of them were
key I have a lunch meeting at Chipotle
and then I'm going to meet some cool
people and then I have all a bunch of
emails catch up on I'll have some
scripts to write some scripts to read
and then I'm gonna have dinner with Mimi
and Hannah and possibly humble as well
that's humble if you forgot how he looks
that's how humble give us your cutest
smile I can't get smile on command
Wow make me smile smile look around
inspire as well there's something to you
there ya go that was cute yeah this is
going on today leggo to end this vlog
and
Oh also in case you're wondering what
the stays on my shirt it's drool
so this is what I'm think about doing as
you know I have a colorful fuchsia towel
that I take a shower with let me show
you because this is obviously crucial
important stuff that will affect your
day this is my towel I need to wash this
towel Oh Mike Patel is very colorful
the thing with watching the towels I'll
have to wash them believe it or not have
to do like a separate load of colors and
cold water so does it make sense to wash
one towel it's another thing I'll just
rotate my towel I know this is
groundbreaking stuff I just try to keep
up rotate my towel because of all these
colors and then when you know several
are dirty then I'll do a load of laundry
so now the crucial decision today is
like which towel but which which towel
do I want to use next and this is the
thing about me in color I feel very
passionately about colors I love colors
which color makes me feel a certain way
is what I you see because ok this is
what I'm thinking right now I'm thinking
either this one the lime green the
yellow or this light blue kind of makes
me feel good but I'm sure ok what is the
game what does the green make me feel
the greens not bright enough so I'm
gonna between the blue and the yellow so
yeah the yellow makes me feel happy the
blue also Oh blue makes for happy the
blue makes you feel a little bit cold
because it's reminding me little bit
like frozen with a that's a else's color
that's like else's color palette right
there so wait okay wake up in the
morning go to washing yeah okay we're
going to all yellow oh my god I'm so
glad to have to share this moment with
me alright alright so this is driving me
crazy
there's clothes everywhere I'm gonna
take a shower and wash my hair and I'm
gonna clean up all of this because it's
making me feel gross and unproductive
my blog is uploading right now the first
minute poop fun fact about my poop by
the way cuz I know there's also a very
very crucial thing that you won't be
able to swipe although I'm not lactose
intolerant but I'm lactose sensitive
specifically with milk I know it makes
no sense cuz cheese and all stuff is
also dairy but it's also like certain
times the day so when I first wake up
I'm speaking very fast I know when I
first wake up if I have a dairy product
my stomach is way more susceptible to
getting upset so
if I wake up and have cereal in the
morning I actually started you have to
plan like don't go leave the house it
won't be like a stomach upset but I know
I'll have to go to the washroom soon
which is right now so now that you know
about my drool in my poop you can go
first of all you want to subscribe
because I've nowhere else you're gonna
get this groundbreaking stuff okay I
don't know where else look at this
yellow towel off so happy so ratchet
pawl way cuz I want to have a meeting to
discuss some stuff and there's this gay
this guy here and I like you smile so
strict strange because he's like always
tweeting me and always like talking to
me and I think he like followed me here
and you guys might know it I'm home I
found you too we just recently had a
million subscribers I was launched a
news main town right yes yeah and he's
so supportive latest sounds always
tweeting me be like Adam was a big
supporter
oh so sweet she's she's seriously so
sweet and like the fact that she took
the time out to come like Stevie I've
been like I've been sliding through
things on my hey she's seriously been my
inspiration ever since like three four
years ago when I found you so sweet and
I of course led to meet you because I
love to meet Mary Lou Stiffler I mean I
appreciate these fashions oh my gosh you
guys
so tell them where they can go discuss
you know so tell me where these dr. Adam
solid in just money but make sure you
guys support summer because she's his
fianc√©e
should be with more beautiful breasts
I'll stop my wine I wash my hair face
he's so cute oh yeah that guy's so cute
he's so adorable it's always important
to show respect and preciate you people
that support you and I choose shout out
to him and everyone else that sunshine
though I love drying my hair in the Sun
by the way fun fact I use to do that
growing up yeah he's a sweetheart to me
we've had to fall we had a quick meeting
about some stuff now we're heading to
get slushies and then I'm gonna head to
memories house in a little bit cuz named
me Hannah and I are gonna hang and it's
humbled last day but he's gonna come
back soon or humble cool we're working
on it
I'm so excited if it was about to happen
we're about to have slushies right now
I've no such you know minutes you know
what that means and now a montage
just a red light I'm headed to mainly
south spend some quality girl time
good day meets a lot cool people good
and just one feeling good
beautiful day weather's nice hope you're
having a good moment way out it's green
by it's just a casual Saturday night
turn up and Saturday night turn up with
the girls
oh you know puzzling this puzzle is
making me feel like I'm on drugs because
it's what is it called holographic is
that what Oliver hologram the
holographic hole a holographic oh puzzle
that changes and it's just like none of
the pieces look like anything so that's
happening in the hot tub and now we're
back to the puzzles oh yeah big time we
are killing the puzzle chillin I
actually kind of think we're bringing it
to life look at this we got the complete
frame we got a dancing Hannah shell of
your dad look at the referee dance don't
you do a side so good we got the frame
going on killing the games
killing the game Saturday night turn up
really tell them why you're so full I
had an apple it was the most filling
apple of my life
and I was in half Apple I saw the Apple
this lock obviously groundbreaking
content but she was eating the Apple I
had the Apple now I'm so full and this
is their happy Apple done she's adorable
this one yeah back home these are the
lack of light going on here there we go
back home and today today's humble eyes
anniversary of IV i v-i one year right
one year we toured the world with that
song oh yeah guys we know that a few of
the fans have made a video in honor of
one you haven't watched yet humble
watched it listen the reason I haven't
watched I was just playing tumble
Beasley I actually and I hope you
understand this when I say it I'm sure
you go because you're all wonderful
people but I actually like to watch
things a fans have created or letters
stuff I don't like to just watch them
right away I like to watch it when I
don't know how to best explain it um I
go through different emotional states in
a day and throughout the week and so I'd
like to watch oh and I'm like really
tired and I need a pick-me-up that's
what I like to read fan letters and
watch that kind of stuff so I can
actually truly truly impact me in a way
that's really special not that I won't
if I watch it now but I watching out
like I'm tired now and I'm not trying I
want my full attention to go to it so I
promise I will watch it a SAP and then
I'll comment on but thank you so much
for the effort of making it oh you have
yeah one year yo one year since we went
on the subways and got kicked out of
somebody's mm-hmm so don't set in the
rock dust core for three hours yeah oh
my god yeah yeah that's why people don't
ask work yeah crazy people urge on desk
where that bethany mota does big poster
yeah yeah yep one day my big poster will
be up there one day if you work hard if
I work hard one day I should require all
right so I'm thirsty and I'm gonna drink
it up a bowl because through the glasses
broke since I've moved in the humble
broken when watching at the other date I
broke one like months before that and
the rest of the glasses are dirty and
basically I don't have a clean glass is
the moral of the story here and so
instead of just washing a glass I'm
gonna drink out of a bowl Mowgli style
jungle book because that's what's up
delicious it would literally take four
seconds to watch a glass would that's
just that
mmm Bowl remember earlier today when I
was like I'm gonna pick up all my stuff
kill you basically just move this stuff
from there and put it over with it but I
mean you ain't this totally tangley I'm
so tired I'm an old person basically I'm
an old person I just get so tired so
early all the time I'm gonna go to bed
and I'm going to edit this vlog tomorrow
like I decided Saturday and Sunday boss
can be later thank you for joining me on
today got to spend time with so many
awesome people Sonia staying with the
girls and today was more of a leisure
day than workday and that's okay and
that's okay Lilly it was Saturday it's
fun it's like you had John and me on
today it was a great day I hope you had
a great day and my lips are dry I need
some chapstick and once again I'm clean
with my toes well on the toilet you know
what it is I need a pedicure anyways
we're getting off track if you think it
subscribe if you like it subscribe well
is so inspiring I came to her house
she's so professional there's water with
a straw over there just for me just for
me and the straw is blue light blue I
already know how I feel what colorful
things
