what's in my suitcase slash travel bag
slash this rectangle thing right here no
care what I wasn't completely got a
frame socially hi Johannesburg South
Africa after 24 hours of travel 10 hours
from LA to London we our stopover 11
hours from London to South Africa I'm
finally here and I'm so excited the
mission for today is simple no cash
listen to Obama give a lecture and live
in person go to dinner catch something
you know just rejuvenate cuz we just
landed a girl as timeless about all
anymore I am in South Africa for two
things well three things actually first
I'm here with Charlize with her Charlize
Theron Africa which project so I'm doing
a buncha stuff with her so happens that
we landed in time for an amazing event
run where I get to hear Obama speak it's
gonna be awesome stay tuned for that and
the latter part of my trip is with
UNICEF as you know I'm a global goodwill
ambassador yay and because I'm here for
the first time ever in South Africa you
know I had to take up my team like y'all
I need to have a meet and greet this
South Africans have been waiting and
tweeting since time so I'm orchestrating
a meet and greets happen near the end of
my trip details to come but first let me
do a little hotel room tour coming
charlise treating your girl right up in
here you're annoyed blast it up he's got
a little nice outdoor area here okay
okay okay so you know I lost Keim's
Brogan got me those temporary teams and
I love it because it feels like
Scarborough I'm sure there's washroom
over here or you took a dump right there
I'm gonna be in a bubble bath here at
some point and here we are just for one
night because you're business casual
things to do we go it's like winter it's
full fledge winter my nips is like hell
how many chins did I have there hungry
also can I just say that everyone I've
seen here is a lifeguard thus far like
in the airport and this hotel everywhere
is just friggin beautiful like everybody
in the walk slums come with you look up
pretty this person is really checking
everybody I'm not beautiful out here
got down okay so I have a little time to
spare before our first thing the Obama
lecture isn't weed so dope it's outside
we're just a little bit warm I bought
mad jackets but it's like one degree
Celsius I don't know that enough
jackets I'm going to a segment since is
perfect timing what's in my suitcase
slash travel bag slash this rectangle
thing right here let's do it god damn
now usually I completely unpack my stuff
when I stay in a hotel I stay there for
like two days I unpack we're only
staying here one night so I'm not gonna
unpack all myself but I will show you
all the things I pack a pretty good
strategy when it comes with ish because
I travel a lot ok so here's my suitcase
I got my makeup wipes usually this is
full of like pads now there's such thing
but you're not getting your period this
trip so I think praise Lord open these
things up right here boom boom boom oh
oh right off the bat I don't even
planned this we got the hustle harder
losing much less at home if you want
that so I put my clothes usually in this
section got a few dress shirts and a few
jacket at the same 3 runs these three
bras black pink white I pack these bras
all the time these are only three bras
everywhere I have like 20 bras I only
wear these three I always bring the
following jeans one pair of tight blue
one pair of baggy blue which I always
opt towards I don't even know why the
hell I bring those this time I brought
these like navy blue pants don't really
fit me the kind of big red light just in
case I brought them and then I also
bring my ripped black jeans as well just
so that there's that option doesn't know
right how I'm feeling just in case oh we
don't discriminate we got the new merch
and we got the older merch I bring all
the merch Oh like I said this is what
I'm gonna wear today is my black dress
shirts my favorite one got more jacket
got a little jumpsuit okay got my little
silver jacket here as well we got
clothes clothes on clothes I usually put
my jewelry and bags like this so this
was just like packed from the festival
forever merch photoshoot so I just
popped it in here but this is my jewelry
travel bag now here's the thing about
traveling with jewelry it destroys your
jewelry so you Julie gets all mashup
right I use this gold case bar you ready
for this I bought a pill case like you
know a pill Monday Thursday Wednesday
Friday Sarah's on the case and I put my
small stuff in said case so they don't
get all after Imogene boom it is what it
is for some reason I have not one but
two white t-shirts one for what I want
to dress like a boy and one for when I
dress like a girl the struggle of being
we're not if this day I want to be a
lady what if the next day I want to be a
dude I don't know I'm a tomboy I could
feel any such way so I gotta bring the
race got a flannel can't go wrong the
flannel here is my energy drinks that I
travel with because like you can't find
them around the world and that's my one
vice so I usually pack them with me oh
this is how you didn't care if y'all by
the merch I just like the merch I like
working the merch
I think it looks good I think it feels
good so I have so much of it cuz it's an
authentic thing we got some glasses
sunglasses always almost always I pack
my parents with me because you never
know what situations gonna arise
especially with spice news which by the
way the newest episode is up checking
out IG TV I always gotta bring my
parents along just in case someone
pisses me off and Barbies needs coming
hey you got a little the what's it
called again
the what Cisco fanny pack right got some
leopard pants boom-boom but look at me
making a mess through the segment for
y'all I love y'all too much sometimes
now on this part that little zippy I
usually put the heavier things because I
don't understand how balance works and I
want my suitcase to fall over but I
think I put some clothes this time you
put shoes and stuff it's right here my
makeup bag okay it looks like one of the
unicorns had a Pope but this is my
makeup bag right here with unicorns on
it as you know this is my underwear bags
if you want to break into my hotel room
you want to get this for sure this is my
toiletries bag I'll give you a tour of
this separately actually when you is
coordinated and the Masai Mara is your
third home got my sugar here
my sugar matches this sweater right here
inside the hood as well and that also
matches my toiletry bag they're all from
the Masai Mara but my blazer I'm gonna
wear that today my black jeans gonna
wear that today my curler that I always
pack and convince myself I'm going to
use but then I get to a place I'm like
it's way too complicated to be using
this got my Calvin Klein's got my
swimsuit I always bring a swimsuit with
me just in case there's a swimming pool
another thing I always found one pair of
pants that I'm gonna wait for it work
out in never once not even once in the
back my goal may be to use these pants
even ones got all my bandana colors I
got some sports bras and randomly beside
my shoes why did I do that and I got my
array of shoes here and impact that
money I usually have way more is what
I'm gonna wear today
toiletry bag
this by far is the thing that stresses
me most about traveling because
everything that's really crucial is in
this peg whoops okay this is not an ad I
genuinely where there's my old a whips I
have this thing where I need a mouthwash
and a lot of hotels don't have mouthwash
this one does not
I need mouthwash so I always pack that
our face moisturizer not my deodorant so
I'm not stanky got some hairspray or
sure got my tiger balm because if I'm a
headache I'm gonna stab myself so I put
this on I got my wax strips in case I
have a mustache and I need to like deal
with the situation my toothbrush and two
of my essential oils one for sleep one
for headache I also bring knowledge
travel sign face I think let me get the
friggin Costco size toothpaste and
travel that I don't know what I know
those travel size but I just like this
one bear extra hair ties because this is
the only hair tie holds my hair a 90% of
time I don't know hair tie and I ask
someone and they give me some mother
effing thing trash that's gonna hold
literally my leg hairs I'm like an
anemia and there you have it that's what
is in my suitcase
I hope this changed your life your life
should be different now because it was
crucial information I don't understand
how you live without it and now look
what I did look what I did here look
what I did yeah all right ready real
casual apps Kyle and I are just the
legends of packing things that we think
are outfits but are not actually all
things mean you look cute but both yeah
I practically said often but like I have
ripped jeans I thought I packed like
these anyways we're gonna go all right
so we're sure it's not that cold it
sighs I've decent leave me and my friend
over here we're both pens with the cold
is everything are you gonna tell us
about Mandela day all right what is the
tea spill the tea the Mandela Day yeah
well for one thing for the country not
just the world this thing is like I mean
there's gonna be a hundred and fifty
thousand people here whoa whoa whoa and
we're privileged enough to be some of
that would be his hundredth birthday so
this is especially significant the
keynote speaker is Obama and Kyle
panties are in a bunch of as are
everyone else's
okay
it is winter out here freezing cold
outside oh my goodness and what to put
on 700 layers before we go to dinner
that was amazing hearing President Obama
speak live was incredible it's not so
like so Africans have so much pride over
their new president and like I just said
United they're doing all these cool
songs there was like a group of like
schools that were like saying hi to me
and doing this super logo no it's like
Africa are you kind of stealing my heart
right now
my foot is randomly stolen so the last
little bit I think I need to see a
doctor because every other day this is
not an exaggeration every other day a
different part of my body swells up with
my finger and if you get these gratins
also swollen see that for no reason and
my left foot is also sold like oh
there's a ball under my foot that's
swollen it happens like every other day
so I need you like see a doctor probably
right right right Kyle in his natural
habitat
you know I ordered a Cosmo and the
amount of effort and work being put into
this Cosmo is above and beyond my
expectation South Africa you're winning
my heart in all the right ways the
effort was freshly squeezed lemon like
de America catch I don't know the
difference between fresh lime juice and
such a drunken mouth right now
thank you Cheers okay I'm about to have
MOFA pudding Charlie's poured me a very
special piece
it has custard on top from the middle of
the heart from the middle of the heart
literally this big pot for spoon in the
middle and got it like that annoying
person that ruins Kit Kats and using all
the buns so we're gonna do a live
tasting were you gonna get custard
oh my god it's only a p.m. I am tired as
and I'm gonna go to bed I face the
jetlag pretty well today for the rest of
it but now about the finish this blog do
some emails and tap out what a great
first day here in South Africa I love
the people I love the vibes love the
engine love hang with Charlie they're
such great conversations I'm meeting new
people it's all a good vibe see how we
did today also I promise meet and greet
details coming soon I promise
you
