I repay you guys by taking you on a trip
welcome back missing loves we hustle
harder Prime TV lives here except for
right now because I failed I didn't wake
up early I didn't write a script so for
today's shoot we're shooting just one
very short video which is a waste of
time and money and resources but yo this
morning I woke up and I was like no I
need to just sleep first second cuz I've
been going nonstop for the past couple
of days and I just needed to so we're
good for the duration of South Africa
but that when we land it's gonna be a
quick turn over to get the next video
which we're trying to avoid but I don't
think we can because I am one person
here's shoot one video shoot one or two
Spice News do a little parent photo
shoot go through my inbox and I do not
care what happens I am watching hide
make tell today let's do it
I'm so unannounced I'm gonna surprise
the team today with a little
something-something stand by I had to
tell the team something but half of them
aren't here because they're just freakin
delinquents and they're allowed to do
whatever they want truly what do you
think is the only one that knows you
don't know you don't know you don't know
and then you guys have been working very
hard and you know I love you guys and I
want to subscribe right now you working
very hard
they appreciate your efforts but I know
that sometimes looks like you guys to
come back with video turnaround these
search things and you want aims and sex
things with all the things and even ones
that get really good but no one's ever
gonna feel good as my keys my crew my
get down and dirty they have no ego they
do all the thing and all that to repay
you guys
by taking you on a trip to Ecuador what
a team two trips to Ecuador now we can
all go on for five days that will be
paid for what you gon do great things
more social thing that you wanted to all
do when we met and I said you want to do
it I'll tell you date it'll be honest so
be excited and really what I'm trying to
say keep working hard and then work even
harder so you can reach the places Braga
wasn't supposed to know but then she was
looped into emails that she was just as
we looped into I so Samantha okay you're
right you're right I wanted to surprise
you so pretend you're done okay depends
on Brogan
all right guess what what I'm gonna take
you to Ecuador I know so days ago I came
here and I Senate last on the garage the
grasshopper flew into and I haven't able
to pick it up and I every day
we check on the glass in the grasshopper
so they're right next to the green
screens I think it's meant to be and
look it's just made itself right at home
yeah look at that grasshopper glasses I
don't think his workers overtly
announced with one pickup shop from the
short film that I directed yesterday we
ran the time but we can be anyone has
returned to its shadow Tim thinks I'm
doing it when he destroyed to someone
rest out just for fun I also think that
thinking about me okay reason 100m of
Scarborough this boy claims everything
okay come big the bed is all the space
but him he says no he says this right
here is now mine these clothes does mine
okay by heating huh Lilly taking the
team problems you bloody kids you always
thinking friend or friend of my family
oh this a person my sister my mother
Oh Katie perishing my mom no no your mom
okay you know who your mom people wipe
your bundle when you later okay I've I
please poopoo Lily always have poop wall
or bum Billy fall into toilet one time I
pick her up with my own curry hand
cleaner to everything p.m. going to
Ecuador very ungrateful ungrateful
Taylor okay I love whatever tiny his
name grow Jen but I was happy I mean
sock over a buddy that's okay I'm dead
that's one who died soon that's okay
that's okay you go Ecuador to do
drinking you do sexy bra okay okay
stupid I will stay here I will clean
house I'm slave I made it's okay I'm
dead I am dead just Who am I I'm nobody
I am nobody that's okay
I went to the song and you're going to
guess which song no no open up and out
so I'm just like it you don't see that
burn up and job a movie uh yeah yeah
definitely I sound a little bit more
like Green Day who say I'm dog and
metropolis I never heard it before
zero I'm too close the curtain okay
good get rid of the corn chase is making
us dinner so we have diarrhea that's why
that's true I like who can digest corn
anyways yeah exact come on game
Scarborough a bad not for so long I'm
gonna play for a night and I haven't
played for like a month which means
probably nine hundred billion things I'm
tuned to this because I'm just working
nonstop and ain't just these Cheetos all
right French
no names there whatever demons you like
GTOs jeez and we're going in the
magazines yeah interesting
okay everybody some pepto bismal ready
okay stand back wow there's the stuff
your top chef of the fist it first
before we see it section really good
dude
I'm like really impressed I'm really
into it good job good job
so these two holes are going out again
hey they're going out again okay oh
pretty something getting baked is
putting this white stuff on your face
that like I don't know if you did not
just do like drugs of this powder baking
but these two holes are going out again
and they're trying to convince me to
come through this way that I'm not going
to because someone's goodies a sugar
mama you hos rather be homeless mew
comes to me really and truly are you
sure about that mm-hmm
just coming though and spit it in
spinach she never comes out you are all
right now very good very good the
chapter in my book we're talking about
fo MOS is exactly it with all your
friends gone you're like I'm gonna stay
home because I got work to do it can I
go out probably come home and like
really rush to my but I also have I go
out I'm probably gonna drink I'm kind of
one spice news episode but I gotta write
one more and I got to write a rant still
because I just write everything today
and then shoot everything tomorrow
before I leave then I got a pack
tomorrow's the whole situation I'm like
let's not risk it let's not tire
ourselves out a side we gonna focus and
prioritize tonight isn't my last night
was Scarborough I've left him before but
I'm going for like almost two weeks that
I'm not gonna be with him and I just I'm
gonna be a mess because I'm gonna miss
him so much
boom boom mommy's gonna make you we're
gonna miss you so much
no thank you baby thank you sweetheart
good morning it is time to get some work
done and prep for my twenty one hour
flight South Africa but check us out
this book arrived girls CEO price of
advice from trailblazing women and oh
snap that's what's up how cool is that I
bought your court rant number one it's
good for you like old will have more
snapback it's not gonna fold like this
three let's do it grant one dynamos do
- my lighting is not that great in the
set for spice news but the windows doing
some justice was in one side it's all a
it's about the story more than anything
done Rance okay the game now we need to
tweak some spice news courts and spice
news do things Jambo how bad a gun me
I'm so excited to see all the new
languages I learned just like the
continent of Asia content of Africa only
languages I'm sure even within South
Africa there's probably some languages
and dialects similar to India so like
I'm excited to learn some new languages
Photoshop this is how I shoot spice news
this setup or mic on some books then I
can see my awesome team set up in such a
way where I can see the dimensions of
the phone but I didn't have the first
episode which was I wouldn't eat the wig
God cut its really help so I got stay
within these lines dinah spicy news now
no matter how much of a time we're in
mommy's gonna take you on a walk okay if
you do want to spend some quality time
we're gonna get you some bone 90 blowing
can give them to you okay I'm almost
done packing I'm going my suitcase bum
bum mommy am mad at you oh actually
mommy ate some belly rubs that's why I'm
turning over mum I just want Bailey was
oh sweet sweet boy finish packing
Scarborough stuff
- I've hatched him first as you know
he's going to Brogan's okay my Sookie's
gonna be so happy I have so many things
to do when I'm in South Africa there's
no way I can consolidate here but we
gonna do what we gonna do
imma end the vlog here cuz I'm leaving
in like less an hour for the airport see
how we did this weekend pricing you
something's wrong with IG TV and it
won't upload my spiced news if you're
wondering where the hell it was on the
weekend done it's complete it's not
uploading so as soon as I G TV gets
together it'll be up thank you for your
patience
the next day and a half plus even two
days will be no vlogs cuz the flight is
21 hours so I'll see you when I see you
South Africa here we go one more thing I
didn't forget once we get details for
the South Africa meet-and-greet you'll
be the first
you
