this girl season mighty welcome Ignacio
higher productivity lives your children
or its back as what to say whatever
words no super what what that's now the
starts wrong channel how are you doing
today I am doing okay to be honest
because here's what happened this
morning putty you're gonna be okay okay
you're gonna be a big boy today yeah
you're gonna be a big boy he's so
nervous he's like shaking hey bubs
you're gonna be okay you're gonna be
okay okay what do you look at me Mom I
don't even look at you I hate you oh my
heart is in a thousand pieces he was
shaking when you go to the washroom just
like crying to come back in my arms I
just can not deal basically what they do
today's the drinks been called a barium
study what that is they're gonna put
like colorful with died liquid in his
stomach and then do x-rays every hour to
see if there's like a blockage somewhere
why the food is coming back up I just
really hope that the vets unsetting me
sure loop and that finally determines
what might be wrong with Scarborough he
didn't throwing up he hasn't thrown up
for the past couple days I've just given
you rice and like playing chicken but
should be able to tolerate more food
lots of fingers class they find
something and it's fixable and he was so
nervous
also remember one vlog ago when I was in
Ohio that was like don't worry no charge
for this whole thing barium fecal study
pills he's giving him they're like
trying everything to be like we're gonna
figure out what's wrong which I
appreciate by eight hundred and thirty
three dollars click the ad y'all click
the ads well I woke up at 7:30 a.m. to
drop off Scarborough so I have time to
eat something other than Lucky Charms
for breakfast yes eat start off strong
look at this hair right know what just
wow my needs a super glue that is it was
so nervous I'm so stressed me pick you
up tonight
I hope they figure out what's wrong
fingers crossed other than that here's
the Miss for today's you head to my
meeting write a script
shoot a video my house a little bit I'll
see what else happens all
okay ready to go to my first meeting but
first I want to have a little
heart-to-heart with you for the past or
a while I have like not been my optimal
self I've been like overwhelmed and I
think I've said this a few blogs before
if these birds really trying to
interrupt my sentimental moment but I
just feel like I've been so like oh I
don't know what to do about this matter
what to blow oh my god this things that
happened what do i do I should shut down
and I just realize you know what I'm not
doing I'm not being Mario for you in
Chapter one how to be a boss I'm not
doing that I'm being a hypocrite me
hypocrite because I keep worrying about
all these things like this thing is
happening free let me react to that but
no I need to do is do within my control
but this is how I'm gonna handle that
the Samer avoid that this is how I'm
gonna deal with that and I'm not doing
that I'm just reacting to everything
every bad thing happening around me I'm
just reacting about being proactive I'm
not being Mario and I acknowledge that
and I'm gonna fix that I'm gonna be
Mario I'm gonna be Mariota today let's
be Mario let's control ourselves and not
try to control the environment around us
cuz we can't do what's in your control
and that's what I'm gonna do honestly I
might have to reread how to be a boss
just think why does it look like there's
bags under my eyes because their meeting
went great went awesome I did manage to
write a script as well it's a quick
script I wrote it's short and sweet but
it's about something I'm very passionate
about what is that you asked what what
what what what what woman's pockets in
jeans I swear to God I could start off
my entire protest about the don't even
wait for the video okay so I'm very
excited it because these new cushions I
ordered arrived and honestly I'm
officially an old person but I don't
care they're gonna match this room so
well I can't wait Scarborough
are you ready you ready you ready you
ready yeah B oh love no feathers no
geometry ob okay no Excel X or Beyonce
okay and that is a wrap and now we're
gonna do something fun
so you ready to sing find you anything
fun anything fun nothing fun hey hey hey
hey hey hey hey doing something fun
you ready something fun to do think fun
that's something fun okay hey do
anything fun don't disagree but so
tomorrow is Halloween already watch this
today it is
so I thought me Tana reef and broad John
we're gonna do a pumpkin-carving content
have a feeling we're all gonna be very
very bad at this
I know here's one to four that is the
border which you get to pick your
pumpkin or crinkling it's Taylor reading
take legs from the bathroom okay
everybody pick one
you know me I'm the type of petty mother
effort that's gonna be done really soon
we'd be like okay guys at the time there
were no feelers just snapping a lot more
full I need some props getting Prosser
your pumpkins little there's some weight
hanging out way whether you ought to
adds up your pumpkin
you know it's changing for gay men
whatever the rules really what you're
doing puking are you really know well I
guess you another better didn't come
then we'll be doing mine
now what's bugging me about it everybody
said yeah
trying to see mine it's all affair no
problem that's a little video that's
crazy
we can do all right oh yeah cool prepare
now so that you know we're ready for
shooting what's the wu-tang it's
definitely not my little sister is
crying this week in a pumpkin can I take
one of yours and they let me take the
dick pokin it was why are we gonna copy
something that's terrible pretty crazy
there I'm checking out the competition
here and we don't have the criteria but
I mean we're basing on originality no
need to worry about any criteria pumpkin
pie we should have some like to do a pie
this girl sees that my teeth are a mess
what any mother posted some cheating
they just need to push the nose out of
them I think we can all do quality of
this pumpkin and it just qualifies these
two I don't endorse this but let me know
took her to takes to do this you just
read in that she came back over and how
do we do it
that's so good that's really good this
is so good
current political climate inspired us
the works of Sigmund Freud and little
peep little pump all the littles all
those all balloons and the dads out
there how much else to say thank you
we're cool yeah I think the work speaks
for itself we can be really lame in that
because we're artists unlike these other
hacks around here so okay his name's
daddy two hearts
we have the blue tang eyes we got a this
nose here and then above teeth it's
pumpkin drink four loko he takes all
calls on a speakerphone look we weren't
you guys no one heard we went to film
school we're totally yeah yeah I guess
kid's name is junkie rage and he's from
the hood and if you mess with things
about Jack and your mother ever face he
only drinks
Fitzer BAM two of his homies have died
and he's gonna kill you too my pumpkins
are straight Jeep uses that check this
up this pumpkin is the rest of my team
when they drink too much cuz they can't
handle alcohol stole that steal jokes
now I don't smoke but I thought it was a
nice touch you know why is it throwing
up in the etc etc you'll see here that
Poppins got a little earring a little
bling you know got a grill mm-hmm got
the eyebrows ears the whole situation
basically a real person I used the
string strategically to show the motion
of down because that's how you throw up
you don't throw up from like underneath
your tongue or whatever so you throw up
like this it's just to keep that in mind
Cybil pumpkin I look at the time
if we were to do it and what we had at
our you know I figured that you know it
was good to make a simple funny pumpkin
we see right Maria oh we can really also
make the same pumpkin it's not a worst
version of it so much happening really
much else to say about my pumpkin I
think you can look at it you can
understand it as it is
oh I do think that because they want
yeah so I got the last pick of the
pumpkins as you guys all know has this
big event I had to go with the ugliest
pumpkin so I want it to me what are you
doing I wanted to make him feel as
pretty as possible I kind of went with
like a white wine vibe mine's a
gluten-free food yeah very much
so I thought everyone was gonna over
complicate theirs which they did
the classic jack-o'-lantern thighs yeah
I don't know why they put thirds in the
frame what happened it's like a being I
think these two maybe have like date
parents are upset about this happen
Brogan's craftsmanship has definitely
evolved can use this place I'm sorry
yeah why not
okay I want to go around twice a in
general I think the amount of work we
all put in doing something so quickly it
was great right everyone my far the most
original pumpkin here right the most
original yours is not original it's
based on like a template pumpkin I also
made but there's another was a for
bumped into this competition two of them
are the same that's pretty much the most
original pumpkin I think I'm definitely
scariest most of Halloween other than
that don't hit everything looks like the
most beautiful yet originally the
cleanest I feel like the one you see
yeah otherwise I would say kind of Plain
Jane
so at the nicest thing I got a fucking
is it's very clean the cleanest poem you
look around there's nothing there almost
to his detriment though she doesn't
notice the light took the time to
arrange the vomit in a way where all the
seeds down here and the lines are here
which I know who vomited out specific
parts of their lunches you can see the
Sharpie on the back of the year is that
the back
lots of prop work having to compensate
for a pretty otherwise lame pumpkin
that's is the darkest pumpkin notice
there's no dark is bad you earn it one
point that dart is back so you get body
look at that we are you won't be able to
see these pumpkin because look how look
so little lights coming through
basically do you guys know what Taylor
says call her people can't go
trick-or-treating Taylor said that thing
she did creatively deal with the fact
she was missing a top because reef and
Koopas stole it and they did and the
prop work is good I like the burnt
cigarette I appreciate that I would go
into depth about this one but I feel
like there's just so many guys the
amount of time we had to carve these
pumpkins this is the most basic pumpkin
here no one grows up like this the teeth
if you look here rookie move you can see
the toothpicks he was trying to adjust
after time was done right there right
there I would say like if you were to
Google really easy basic pumpkin for
beginners this is the one that would
come up so you mean - the pumpkin they
would recommend everybody be really for
pumpkins dang look who's back so I just
give him medicine so he has to not eat
for the next 30 minutes his food is up
here he is just not having it exact I
want the food right now no matter what I
do he will not but you gotta wait 30
minutes you said your medicine I know
buddy 30 minutes that's not gonna work
not neither is that don't try climbing
you can try climbing you're gonna sit
there and protest Papa also put my
suitcase and all my clothes away give me
the boys just finished recording my
ranch and honestly my makeup looks like
trash my hair my trash pile just feeling
the vibes oh just like you I don't care
I wanna be all natural just be myself
lolly was in full-fledged but you know
what I had a bloody farm so that's all
but alrighty then so the time is 11 48 I
gotta record this little audition it's
not video it's audio so it shouldn't
take too long but I can do a little bit
of research first
I just took so many blackheads out of my
nose TMI I don't curse oh he did
tomorrow when you're watching us today
Halloween I'm doing something exciting
and you should definitely stay tuned
you
