poor guy gotta pulled out but it's like
a little wound now there that he's gonna
keep gnawing at so they put a cone on
him to productivity lives here I wish my
voice would go back to normal maybe if I
stop screaming so much that would happen
a little bit of sickness left we are
working on it it is Tuesday a days it
Tuesdays July 3rd tomorrow and he
watches his fourth of July which is a
thing in America the whole industry is
closing down which means it's a half
they have work today tomorrow's day off
day off death all the way until the
weekend I'm like these Americans I swear
to God fourth of July all of June July's
like we're off yeah with that program
come on but it's all good cuz I get to
chill a little bit too so so why here's
the mission for today takes Carver to
the bed work on some girl up stuff go
through my inbox and then honestly I
have a date to decide first a little
monkey wrench in my day here it is I
woke up and my neck is like hella
swollen every once in a while four years
I get these bumps behind my ear and
they're from like what if you're sick or
feeling all the weather stress you can
get these like swollen areas and had
it's my dad - last night I had a really
big one miles at okay I'll go away the
first time ever woke up this morning I
don't know if you can see because my
neck goes in here and my neck is like
completely swollen from here to here
it's like bulging out so what do I do
obviously have FaceTime done then use a
doctor and I'm like hi diagnose me
please so she said it's fine but she's
gonna call me back Sam but here's a good
way to show you when I bend
he's got straight would have been to
here right this huge bulge is just like
a swollen hard thing in my neck it's not
what I need right now it's not what I
need okay
the diagnosis from Melanie is my lymph
nodes which biggest olan quite often
like I said like if I'm ever stressed or
sick you'll see the back of my ear is
like really swollen but I'm gonna round
my neck stolen like I said she said it's
probably inflamed super inflamed because
I should hydrate sue Byrne flame senator
doesn't go down by like later on today
to go to the doctor and get an
ultrasound just in case but it's like
super bulging and it's all interesting
cuz this morning I was like lying down
Scarborough's should I take a picture
and I was like yo I came like wait
because I was like rip bosom and I woke
up in like oh my next lecture soul is
kind of good news but also like bad news
I'm having a day I took my phone and
then I threw it
I thought my phone she's illiterate yeah
I literally threw it here's my here's my
thing okay
my phone is pissing me off and my neck
is swelling up due to my phone it's just
I have so many accounts I have my effing
One m8 when I was three which is like
some stupid one and then all my stuff is
saved to them they can't transfer it to
my newer ones I've a hundred accounts
and a hundred password they're all
changing because then one will need a
capital and one will need a number and
what will need this and then nothing
works and then my phone sucks so if I
need to like buy a new phone I can't
just be like I have a new phone have to
go to all these effin accounts and reset
all the effing password so I'm going to
the Apple store today literally two
causes see I might go as vitamin D this
might be real than a band I'm going to
see takes comfort to the vet I hate this
goddamn phone give it to me right now
I hate you give me the points I've got
the son to me it's super super cool for
uncle drew and then put me on it
Wow I apologize I'm not being the best
version of myself today for sure I know
I sound super ungrateful complaining but
a phone that's so expensive and throwing
you but I'm just not in a good place
right now today because my stomach is
really really hurting I have a period as
you know and lights acting like my old
school peer Lisa really hurts like
something constant pain thing on my neck
is hurting I'm just like not in a good
very irritable and so I apologize I
recognize it being ungrateful work on
fixing that right now she'd get a lot of
things together my phone and then
because of my phone I can't do calls in
my house there's a lot of frustrating
things they're not allowing me to do
work and live to the best of my village
right now but I complain rather bring a
couple solutions number one ignore the
vet right now and figure out what's
wrong with your paws because he's been
gnawing at his paws nod and stop and
then he doesn't usually am at if I like
check his paw he gets really aggressive
which means that it's hurting him so
let's go figure it out okay punished go
Ivan at the vet for like two hours
because I don't have an appointment I
had to put in for Thursday today's
Tuesday but I was like I was gonna walk
in there like you can weigh but we can
guarantee like I'm gonna wait I don't
care because he's been gnawing on his
paw nice had a motherly instinct waited
two hours got him checked out there was
something stuck in his paw I checked a
million times but I guess it was like a
really thin spike definitely for my
friends BBQ I went to a few days ago
there was a dried grass there and
something called a fox tail of like
poking you and that's why he was not at
it poor guy got it pulled out but it's
like a little wound now there that he's
gonna keep gnawing yet so they put a
cone on him baby Shoshanna he's gonna be
five days
bah-bah oh my goodness he's even cuter
boom oh you're gonna get all the Betty
bubs to my part okay so mama came up
with a contraption because he's so sad
he can't pick up like feeding you know
I'm taking the cone off like his treats
until his toys can't pick him up cuz the
cone so I've created a little clamp
contraption here for his bone so that he
can get it inside of his cone so he
can't pick it up on the floor but this
clamp is holding his bone and he can get
it modern-day motherhood good boy you
know what to do okay so here's the
latest I took off the cone to feed him
homeboy will not let me put that thing
back on he's like hell I've tried for 20
minutes he goes crazy like shake I can't
even his head through it I really hope
there's not one in his other pot too
because I know he's running through that
area and now I'm scared that he's
gnawing his other palm they didn't check
it oh and then tomorrow's a 4th of July
is the wanting to be open and he seems
in good spirits okay well whoa the
weirdest thing happened it's the next
day I like knocked out on my bed woke up
in the middle of the night like oh my
god I've logged into everything it's
like passed out I think it's a placebo
effect because nothing he was like if
you get really really tired like you
can't get out of bed but let me know you
keep asking me that but my next thing
does like no no I'm fine I think my
brain just convinced me so I like
knocked out in the weirdest way that's
never happened before it's the next day
so the combined vlog I'm going the vlog
a little bit today because I'm going to
a barbecue but I had a few things to do
first things first I gotta record some
spicy news I just set up all of this
which is not exactly fun to do by myself
but it's challenging so I like it before
I go to South Africa I have to bank four
of these so today I'm doing one on a day
that shouldn't be happening this is 4th
of July officially now and all of my
neighbors are having barbecues playing
their music so it's gonna be a very
destructive shoot but let's do it this
young boy I have been keeping an eye on
because I have not put your cone back on
but he is not not at his pot even once
so I think he's not irritated by anymore
but I'm like watching him non-stop we're
also gonna put booties on you later ok
it's either booties in a cone you decide
young man oh yeah who's back in his full
spirits for sure they're ready to go to
the barbecue I've tried to put
booties on scarborough it's very much so
not happening this foot doesn't even
remotely fit into the shape of these
know about dog stuff if you have a dog
maybe can relate if you're gonna get one
just honest heads up with puzzle mothers
a lot of these products they have are
not practical like these booties that I
was told to get the shape of his foot
doesn't even remotely match this shape
of this bootie right now so I'm just
having to keep an eye on him I don't
want to bring the cone because he can
barely walk while wearing it he's so
small the cone so big he like drags on
the floor so I'm just gonna keep an eye
on him and use my motherly judgement
because I don't think these things are
practical so at the end this month he's
getting neutered he's everywhere that
cone for 14 days I don't think we've
said a month in a calm because of this
baby you're just gonna have to be in
mommy's arms okay let's go I'm not gonna
take you cuz I'm gonna go get Lin back
home had an amazing relaxing time and I
feel it rejuvenate it's a few hours
relaxing not doing anything I'm gonna
clean my house wash my dishes do all the
thing on my future self will thank me
for tomorrow but for today let's see we
did it down tomorrow we gonna chill it
and pop is feeling so much better isn't
that right baby
you's about
you
