judging by the title I obviously have
some news that I want to share with you
wheels are to productivity lives here I
am sweating buckets right now it's such
a hot day in LA and I've been running
around cleaning assembling things why
because happy Canada Day I've called
everyone to come over and celebrate
Canada Day with me by saying I'm having
a barbecue but I knew it was candidate
true don't here's a mister today please
every candidate tell you some news all
that more let's do it so I don't do it
often if it's gotten out of my control I
do I got my house cleaned my house is
looking like a snack count on me to talk
about my house like it's a fine-looking
man let me show you the situation and
let me start by saying I'm candidate I'm
a bad Canadian because I've not yet
listened to Drake's album or double
album in its entirety you've only listen
to like a song your song there we don't
change that looks weighty yeah oh it
looks like we are having a oh damn an
event
these are all beyond burgers now here's
the T Socko tell them what we know about
beyond burgers what did you hear from
the man at the store first of all they
were sold out until like three days ago
for all of LA did not have beyond
burgers five different stores called
Mercer's in there she just depleting the
ocean hold on one second so about every
we're gonna say hydrate but they were
sold out at least have me a picture
yesterday what happened was they were
sold on till twenty seven yesterday was
a thirtieth right yeah so I found love
your girl by twenty I said listen
but the be on in the bag are we gonna do
that we got the jewel says the lemons
the lines we got it's gonna be lit about
the cutest thing off Amazon two little
portable bars
happy about 301 is arriving tomorrow
they were like pretty affordable I was
very content
it's like a table you put ice here with
drinks I washed all these pillows i
vacuumed this I vacuumed that cleaned
all this made a little area for
Scarborough got double barbecues in this
I ordered it's a little portable bar ice
bucket wine rack is cute there's like 20
people coming cuz Chamber Eagle Michelle
are all in town they're gonna bring some
peeps
Tuscon we let Roscoe who's in a lot of
my videos usually plays my boyfriend is
actually a bartender as well so I hired
him to make some fancy drinks is gonna
be a vibe first Oh
judging by the title I obviously have
some news that I want to share with you
so get ready cuz you know that I shot a
pilot for NBC called Bright Futures I've
waiting a real long time to hear about
it and I finally heard back end it's not
happening
here's the deal I know we were trying to
get me through a lot of different and
other people that were in charge of
getting made to work what Hammond back
to try and get a minute I'm really
bummed because I've read a lot of
scripts for audition season and pilot
season and I loved the script I thought
it was so funny I thought it was so edgy
I really believed in the project and was
passionate about it and like I said it
was my favorite thing I've ever shot
like I loved going to set every day it
made me so happy I loved my cast I loved
the crew and I was like you know I could
see myself doing this for years I loved
it oh my character is so edgy she likes
Lord was so different guys I don't
really see a different side
unfortunately didn't go which is
throwing ashamed I think is a really
dumb decision because I do think a
really edgy diverse show that like was
needed it was the one few scripts I read
where I'm like that's actually how
Millennials are and like that's like my
friends are like so I thought it was
really relatable it's a bummer that
didn't happen and I was bummed but very
much looking for that's not happening
having said that I said from the
beginning that no matter what happens
with that show I'm not gonna let it be
the make-or-break of me I talked about
this in my book I learned so much I had
a great experience I'm so excited about
all the unicorn I have actually I'm even
more motivated for all the unicorn
Island stuff I have now because like I
hate that archaic system look like but
they should have to show addition you
make something you make but they say
line there someone decides it's not
happening like seems so backwards to me
so I'm so excite to make my own thing
nothing but love and respect for Kenya
especially Kenya Bears who create the
show and everyone involved they're so
lovely and really just we're so kind to
me and so it's not happening but it's
not gonna dampen my spirits I am bummed
but I'm not devastated and I'm not
scourge if anything I'm more encouraged
and I'm gonna work even harder to make
some dope stuff the unicorn island but
thank you for all your support online I
know you're all very supportive let me
show you some pictures I don't know if
I'm allowed to do David J some pictures
of the set here is me rolling a joint
and funny thing is that like I didn't
know how to light one
and so they had to teach me how to hold
it in later here's some other pictures
onwards and upwards we're still gonna
celebrate it's Canada and it's good
vibes and good people let's go in other
news I just posted another episode of
spice news on IG TV if you haven't
checked it out yet it's only on IG TV
which means if you update your Instagram
app go to my Instagram you'll see a
little icon there for IG TV but I'm
indeed give me the Brady's we got kay
sybers and Logan Paul we got Drake
baby's got World Cup we got angry women
and I think I love about this is they're
my parents or not me so they can get a
little more sassy and edgier and maybe
say things that I wouldn't say but I'm
not them and they're not me they're
their own people so you don't mean the
team and I are still working out the
kinks of these episodes this episode was
like not completely how I wanted to
unforeseen circumstances with certain
things and not being able to get certain
things for certain people or whatever we
were had to cut it a lot of cameos last
minute so we're still working on like
how to do these efficiently because it's
another piece of content for the week so
bear with us thank you for your patience
they're gonna get better I'm happy with
this one but like I said it's like not
completely there but we're working on it
I hope you're enjoying in the meantime
this right here is called the white
people section bear vibe bear my
paradise
so mother-effing fancy there's lemon in
my water oh my goodness how pinterest of
me goin goin goin goin babe so even
though midget Aryan I take her money I
marinated this chicken right here I'm
not gonna know what it tastes like and
if it tastes good so I trust people's
opinion but I did marinate it as a
vegetarian we go see I had a good
barbecue so what do you think he first
be on burger Taylor it was what did you
like the best come on come on the
chicken that big me up Taylor come on
goddamn it the chicken was so good it
was officially over throughout my entire
life good job
jelena best cake ever they brought for
me here we go set it down right here set
it down show the people that is so
monopolies deals gonna go down before
that happens Marshalls trying to leave
and I said he has to plant one song and
if you recall Michelle bought me this
ukulele clearly I don't know how to play
gonna so out of two it and he's tuning
it it was a it's all about that sooner
or you're losing is the cook
street
just played so much monopoly do so much
by what good vibes good energy at a
great time there's so much stuff to
clean up but of course I've been so
sweet and they helped me carry stuff
down best people ever I'm going to clean
up cause we have a shoot here tomorrow
and I don't want this to f it up clean
this up and then I just kind of like
make sure I got two scripts
eh-eh-eh
and we will feel alright mmm
Mike tomorrow self is gonna thank me for
that one I did drink one glass of water
give me the points but otherwise failed
on the points friend when you watch this
new video releasing it is my dad's
morning routine something you guys
really wanted so stay tuned for that
moral of the story is in the lesson we
learned is yo ish happens some things
can be the make possibly nothing should
be the break of you keep hustling deal
with the speed bumps all gravy let's see
how we did until tomorrow we gonna keep
hustling
you
