I'm gonna give you my best hotel life
hacks welcome at policing loves we got
the harder productivity lives here it is
6 a.m. and here's a mission for today
you head to the airport Chladni or go to
my quitting spoiler alert that's how you
know to shoot I know the day's probably
gonna be over because when I traveled my
life disappeared all that more let's do
it 6 a.m. this will last approximately
40 seconds so the first time in my life
my suitcase was so light there's
literally only Spanx in my suitcase
there's just full of spanked horny pairs
hey guys it's Brogan's first time in
business I'm gonna be the most
embarrassing mom right now I'm so
excited for you I remember my first time
on business I mean what other people
about my tickets and I get to go
business the first time I went on this
sounds like take him mad pictures even
under pictures 1 second ago she was in
her over I didn't know how you got here
would get hurt I'm always so excited for
people's first time cuz I remember my
first time and business was actually one
of the plane made a mistake like years
ago they're like over books we got to
put you in business and I was like so
terrified to put the seat all the way
back I was like am I am I allowed to do
this while I kept testing I was like
it took four hours call this trick cause
I was scared like I get really excited
for people I'm still really really
grateful every time I get to have this
experience because like otherwise my
body hurts
yes its effect amazing we're in New York
City yeah yeah but you don't have it
just me so pleasant because that'd be so
lovely ladies especially slow
where's the hatch the shots can be too
dark and you want you we're here we're
heading to a fitting and never probably
go see a movie it's gonna be Nick also
my sinuses are so plug if you've never
been on a plane when you're sick count
your blessings
well I mean traveling alone is a very
blessing but I'm just saying when you're
sick in your auto plane I just finished
my fitting I love everyone in that room
there's such good female energy I'm
supportive I just gave up a plane
everyone's like you look great your skin
I was like is she the one right I am
securing the bag broke it picks up
hilarious you think I'm funny right do
you think I you are you guys I feel like
a fan or your fan
yeah thanks frozen you're so sweet
Carolyn okay guys can you comment below
for a second because I think Carolyn's
one of those beautiful people I've ever
seen in my life Carolyn's gorgeous right
but first everybody went up for the
camera she doesn't agree but can you
comment below letting Carolyn how
gorgeous she is everybody right now I'll
respond to the comments to just stay to
further motivate you
yeah let's go walking to my room I just
thought what I just bought walked into
my room I just walked to my room and
literally I'm pretty sure like the last
Hotel Transylvania was shot can you take
a moment what if they think I am right
now Velvet Sky little okay okay we go
over here it just seems like a horror
movie is about to happen
stay tuned had some cartoon roles and
now we're gonna see and cry all blows
Incredibles to
yo that movie was so cute I laughed out
loud many many times anyway check out
the Incredibles yeah I highly
recommended hashtag da Dada is super
cute so I'm in New York it is midnight I
gotta go to sleep I call time for
tomorrow is 7 a.m. which is really
really a struggle because 7 a.m. in New
York is 4 a.m. in LA so since you've
been awake about for it but before I end
the vlog I think it's you a little
segment I'm not done before I'm gonna
give you my best hotel life hacks now I
feel like I've traveled a lot I know I
was talking to my friends the other day
knows I tell them all little things I do
they're like really solid just share
this gift with the world I saw these
might just be common sense that you've
heard before suddenly might be new but
if you travel you're on my official
hotel life hacks I just wanna let you
know right now also I'm in the washroom
right now with these little cool little
bills
but as soon as I get out here it's
literally we're in a scary movie so bear
with the lighting this hotel hotel rooms
and lighting I don't what is what's the
deal why do we get number one let's say
you're traveling you're like oh I'm so
stupid I'm so stoked but I brought
my charger and my phone but I didn't
bring that stupid F&Q that I need to put
the USB into the little stupid stupid
bracket thing what do you do
not every hotel has USBs like this this
one does great if not chances are if
your hotel room has a TV the back of the
TV on the side of the TV will have a USB
port that you can use to charge your
phone
your life is never down ah number two so
y'all been this whole telling you like
yo I need take a shower let me take off
these underwear these panties these
boxers where do you put your dirty
laundry now if you like me I have a
little bag specifically for my
undergarments but what my dirty clothes
specifically undergarments mine where do
you put it on a woman mix it with my
other stuff it's like where life hat you
ain't always gonna remember to bring a
plastic bag building what do you use
without fail every single time I use the
shower cap that is in the washroom of
the hotel you open it off the shower cap
that can be a perfect bag for your dirty
undergarments it's Lily
your life is different now no but three
so you're like okay I need to steam this
shirt I need to like iron my clothes and
I'm time I'm running late yeah yeah okay
so you gotta take off my ironing board
put out the iron jump in the shower put
your shirt hanging close to the shower
and the steam from the shower will do
most of the work of making your clothes
not wrinkly so the showers team is gonna
iron you I just realized this disgrace
helping say that my name is very slowly
if you don't know and I know like it's
different now number four this is not
really a hack it's just don't think
you're gonna relate to him gonna want to
do there's some reason hotel peeps come
into your room to clean all your stuff
and what do they do they take the
bedsheet and they're bright talk about
so bloody they've taught these bed
sheets freakin from here to Mars so when
you get in the bed 100 percent of the
time you're gonna be like I can't move
because of the bed sheets and then
you're gonna try to do this
right here and you're gonna be trapped
so do yourself a favor when you walk
into your room right away untuck the
damn sheets that they will for sure
talking number fun this one I feel like
it a little bit common sense but it
didn't know this then cool you know now
why is it a shower the mirror is all
fogged in you're like how I'm supposed
to do eyeliner one wing will be here one
will be there would you do
two on foggy is you use the blow dryer
literally ten seconds with a hairdryer
will CLE your foggy mirror your - right
now number six this one I've mentioned
before but it's so important I bring
this up because today I've done effed up
when you travel or even if you like are
not used to traveling you're traveling
someone here miss your family miss your
house and with your friends it's always
helpful to keep one item consistent
during your travels because your travels
as a constant changing environment for
me it is my pillow my pillows name is
Keynes it's blue with ice cream pattern
on it my mom made it for me so my
favorite thing in the world
detached my backpack I sleep with on the
plane I stay put at my house in LA and I
sleep with it in hotel bed so it's my
one consistent thing that feels like
hope your girl done asked up because I
brought it and I left it on the plane
hey I called the airline they're looking
for it hopefully when I go back on the
same airline tomorrow they would have
found it but if they don't and Keim's is
law I'm gonna be dead but must state it
but yes keep one thing consistent pillow
blanky whatever it is right now I hope
you enjoyed that little entail I'll be
here honestly like how is this how is
how is this who decided this I don't get
it coated back I don't wake up so early
and real Italy flying back home tomorrow
so very very short trip yeah thanks for
joining yeah your real one your real
unless you know we did today
and for those you that in check out my
video that there is a video on my main
channel of course obviously ters or
you're trying to be friends with your ex
so check that out if you have it already
other than that have a beautiful day bye
you
