so we're in our cabin and I'm just like
for sure we're getting bored you're like
going to your friend's wedding and
saving the cabinets for sure how you get
bird welcome back placing puzzle we
hustle harder and productivity lives
here this weekend is the weekend of Kyle
Coons young thick quali Daddy combs
wedding it is this very this weekend
it's gonna be a stacked weekend today
right it oh my god it's Friday here's
the mission did you go to my audition
pack my stuff head to the place that
Kyle is getting married I think it's
Marineland play some poker enjoy my life
this young boy is not feeling well keeps
throwing up here's the thing for the
past two months she's been like throwing
up occasionally this week he's been
throwing up along every time I take him
to the vet they're like do the x-rays
they do have things like no it's fine
with Mike he's not fine
he throws up every meal like something
is wrong tomorrow while we're in like
across town with Kyle getting married I
don't take him to a different vet there
to be like yo brand new people fresh
face tell me what's wrong with my dogs I
feel so bad he's throwing up right boom
boom mommy can I have a belly rub yes
you can when's my audition I think well
I don't know it's for a really cool
movie that I can't tell you what it is
but I was like I'm so happy this is
getting made well see how people are
really nice that's all I asked for and
I'm pretty much done packing my stuff um
for Kyle's wedding also for the next day
I'm going to New York for WV evolution
I'm gonna let and so I'll pack for that
as well and we ready to go road-tripping
you ready you're ready driver driver
driver driver are you ready are you
ready we have a towel in case you get
shake sweetheart and I'll break them
lights please brogre this for you
I'm gonna find a popcorn okay first of
all we have a serious conversation
because I don't know five addresses in
the blog before it quite possibly I've
done a four time but double stuffed
Oreos should be normal Oreos simply
because it's the double stuff is a two
to two ratio makes its aroma oil is a
two to one and what cookies and cream
why would one do now then come with a
mega stuff you see you see there should
be basic stuff B standard stuff we
should be default stuff got the popcorn
got the chips got the chocolate humble
tried to get cash about you try to use a
credit card
that and what did they say to you they
said it's you put money yeah got a cash
back what a credit card
alright so we've been on the road for 10
minutes I'm where to shop for food cows
cows and the first thing we're doing
when we get there is we're going to
remember we're gonna eat again
we made it we have a basketball net we
got a trampoline look at these vibes
bear fire cheers oh yeah it's a good
stir it wow yeah so we're in our cabin
and I'm just like for sure we're getting
work you're like going to your friend's
wedding it's taking two cabinets for
sure how you get burned and then we're
all I did if I go with this stove tell
me is not a murder stop the murder stuff
there are some pictures you see this you
see this there you go also the knives
are here so I've made note about what's
gonna happen because we're gonna come
home and we did not notice this miss to
you I'm over here oh nobody knows that
all the knives are not but they'll be
gone and then that way when the murder
comes I'll be like my word you guys
remember the vlog they'll see the knives
God we're just like pocket you will
notice the knives are gone okay so if a
murderer comes in the HOH who's gonna
call the cops they're asking a
designated cop caller should be me cuz
ever so I have a bad news I don't have
any signal so we walk like this look at
this just saying Taylor broke a wine
bottle just saying no 1 seed humble for
a long time where's reef ask them to say
whose Lords willing and the creek don't
rise I'll see you saturday at the
Louisiana Hayride it's Hank Williams
we're gonna die this one ok if a dead
body falls out have nine one dialed
crazy
going down first time never play poker
together first time hi yeah we're still
friends
yeah girl is struggling
this is fully Millie's fault we're gonna
rig a risky hey baby you're just a new
knock your hate we don't have a
microwave so some of these popcorns
drema drive off so Russ randomly
growling at something we don't know what
it is what is it your virginity growling
uh sighs you got your pops what just
happened come on Gary props your props
note that doors line okay so that door
is a randomly log no one locked it it's
not even locked in the proper way
through JIT like someone dead bolted
from the inside night no and no one is
inside there so we can't access our
rooms guys we're gonna die that's it
we're dead oh my god no pulling up I
need to explain to push it board you can
say here is not lock it's just being
blocked by something that's the wrong
way you can't go in that way I do okay
guys okay we're gonna goddamn die right
now I just look at this first of all
look at this this is just I just I just
can't even I can't even deal with this
right now how did this lock what is
blocking this do it oh my God we're
gonna die we're gonna die Moses oh well
I love you I'm sorry for everything fun
to you I'm sorry you still fuck up
monopoly deal but I'm sorry no it needs
a small screwdriver get in that hole we
can turn back no I've done this many
yeah we see there's a screwdriver over
there I go to the garage but I know it's
too thick it's Tuesday it's not gonna
work I'm gonna go outside not by the
windows the walk-in a white person will
divert guys we just went through that
door so how it is blocked by something
doesn't make any sense
it's Christ I didn't want to be in this
abandoned garage
I nearly got a small flat-head
screwdriver
I like to point out that humble lift
I so it's for him we're gonna be so
screwed because humbling I have
discovered to the vet tomorrow 9:00 so
we screwed the humble one he wouldn't
talk so much trash but you are the game
but he was all good there's a lot of
goddamn fun let's say we do trick -
being almost killed in our home I still
believe that we're gonna wake up and one
of us gonna be a thing I'm just saying I
think he's into you just saying the
minority usually is the first to go so
I'm not telling the lies here tomorrow
you
