I want to address something real quickly
and have a real sentimental moment cuz
you know I like talking to you and being
honest to you and I'd like to keep you
in the loop crap it has been 84 years
since I spoken to you so much has
changed 1 I have a new pimple which is
trash because I drink so much water so
I'm just call my lawyer right now hello
trash today's an exciting day here's a
hint
come on my shell shirt on got my triny
flag headband on that is all I would
kind of all here's a but today's you is
real simple bow to Hollywood carnival
and much happy place also probably go
through my inbox on that morning's do it
so Hollywood carnival is not as big as
Trinidad it's like a small-time ting
Marshall doesn't have a truck he is
performing later I'm really excited I've
never been I'm a bad Torontonian I've
never been to Caribana which is like
Toronto's thing I've been to Trenton we
reunited with my son hi sweet boy hey
sweet boy he's a little bit of a smelly
boy he needs a bath but he's so sweet
Karma's gonna come with me to the parade
I don't know how it's gonna go I don't
know how he's gonna feel but I'm gonna
bring my little fanny pack just in case
with some leash water treat situation
and I might leave him at home for the
first time alone tonight for Marshalls
performance I know it'll be really loud
we'll see I'm stressed we'll see before
we go it's a carnival let's have a
moment of real talk
I have so many things to tell you ok
first real time I want to address
something real quickly and have a real
sentimental moment cuz you know I like
talking to you and being honest you and
I'd like to keep you in the loop I saw a
few tweets a few isn't like literally to
but to me they call my god 100 people
are tweeting me that were like Oh
Lilly's not going to VidCon she's like
done with conventions and it wasn't like
a mean sassy tweet it was like a genuine
like oh I think she doesn't like
pretentious anymore I thought I would
just address it because I've never spoke
about this and I seldom speak about
things like this but I just want to tell
you friend to friend right now and that
is I'm not the type of person that
bashes things very often online I know
if you've seen leave its homophobia
y'all bash it if it's racism I'll bash
if there's things I like Gen you like
really greatly are impacting people
negatively I will speak up because I
believe in standing up what you believe
in however I picked my battles I pick
and choose my battles there's a lot of
things that like I'm not the biggest fan
i'll be
cuz I'm not vocal about it and I don't
feel the need to like tweet bad things
about it I think people just assume I
don't care and so I want to just for the
record say I remember the first time I
ever got invited to VidCon I was so
excited I continue to believe that
VidCon is so exciting for creators it is
such a huge testament to the fact that
the digital space is amazing with
thousands of people show up it's
incredible I've had a blast at previous
vidcon's however currently in my life
going to something like a VidCon doesn't
excite me as much so it's not that I
don't care have some major beef with
VidCon it's just that I have been on my
own tours and I've had my own meet and
greets and I like that interaction with
all of you I've always felt as great of
an event that VidCon is I do feel it's
like for kids that are able to spend
hundreds of dollars on this stuff which
a lot of kids are not able to I know a
lot of my fans like begged their parents
to go to VidCon and go never get to go
and it's so expensive and it's for a
select group what I'm trying to say is I
just have gotten a taste of my own tours
and meeting greets and I have control
over those meeting greets and have
control over how you all are treated and
how I'm treated in the logistics and so
I just prefer those types of events I
don't really like the chaotic running
breaking into hotel room screaming
pushing fans around type of vibe that
VidCon is and I used to but I just don't
right now I used to like that exciting
chaos but why not Mike random so I'm
rambling on to say it's not that I don't
care of course I Caribbean to VidCon
that's all so I just want there's no
negativity towards these things and I'm
sorry if I ever seem no grateful for not
addressing them
I'm just exciting working on different
things and I want to try it for things
and I want to make sure you all you guys
are always treating it to the best of my
abilities this is already teeming it oh
my god sorry for rambling okay let's go
also my butt randomly hurts I think I
slept on the plane weird my tailbone is
like my butt hurts
you ready for Masha tops car bro are you
ready for this taylor eighty represented
here also it's gonna be amazing so we
think 11 a.m. and we have to pre drink
yeah I got some roads over guy
how else could you do Carter that I
didn't know this why why it's a good way
I'm being pulled down by the way to this
pimple we're gonna walk around like this
so it's 12:06 and I'm drunk and I just
forgot I had this Atari I got sold
alcohol probably Cheers
your way
for me I see
oh my fun we came home we nap we slept
through the alarms now we're heading
back up ash I was about to perform but
also like so tired I'll come at 7:30
this morning cuz a jet lag and now it's
hitting me like what's your Excuse
what's yours
you know jet lag yeah I can't hear you
through all your sleepy in your voice so
I've decided that Scarborough's a big
moment and I'm gonna leave him home for
the first time today obviously I'm so so
stressed but I've set up this little
camera on this oatmeal container to
monitor him right here so I can keep an
eye on him I'm only gonna be gone for
like two hours he has to learn how to be
alone he has to and so I'm gonna freak
out but it's gonna be fine two hours you
can do it baby status update it's been
30 seconds and I'm dying okay so
Scarborough is looking around but he's
kind of going back to bed the good news
is he's probably so tired I'm walking
the parade okay baby mommy will be home
soon
that guy straight up I want to be that
guy I do
this boy you are so mischievous my
heart's like racing five minutes after
leaving I was looking at him to the
camera he escaped out of the pen he like
went through the bars I was freaking out
because what if try is going down the
stairs and gets hurt so I'm freaking out
I begged comic please go to my house cuz
Kyle lives like two things away please
go to my house put him back in the pen
and block the stairs Kyle being the
freakin amazing person years did that
and this boy somehow knocked down the
stairs thing so when it came home he was
trapped upstairs again he was like
crying oh boy you're gonna get out of
the pen and break the stair thing come
on he's like way too smart for his own
good
you shouldn't hurt so much it hurts my
heart so much but I know he has to learn
he can't come over he has to learn how
to be home alone fine it's fine mother
thing but he was so shy Cherie Cherie
sweetheart Oh mommy's home mommy's home
it's 4:30 a.m. and jetlag has had me up
the whole night so I've decided to just
wake up and work on some scripts until I
fall back asleep
who rough night and morning I got like
three four hours of sleep due to jet lag
this really hurts
I'm not down this is not cute this is
not a vibe here's a mission for today's
you shoot a collab with someone I've
never met before which is exciting
shooting video one shooting video to
giving Scarborough a bath going to my
inbox drinking a lot of water cuz not
cute I really haven't even told you
about my chaotic travels like so many
things I need to catch you up about so
this is why I'm such a hot mess I was
supposed to land back on Thursday I have
a shoot on Friday happened was my flight
from nice to London was delayed five
hours thus making me miss my connection
there was no other flights going over
London till the next day so stranding
London for a day British Airways put us
in some questionable hotel real
questionable even those me and Kyle to
put us in one room which was like real
tight and real uncomfortable even though
I love Kyle but it was a little bit
whack we go to the airport we finally
land out to cancel my shoot on Friday
bust me doing a shoot today
but the reason I'm so exhausted is cuz I
landed the next day was Carnaval I
had like a buffer of one day to like
chill didn't have that also my body
hurts also my conditioner exploded in my
suitcase and my conditioner is brown
colored special for my hair so
essentially look like poop is over
everything that's what's happening right
now but I'm still grateful give me the
points also yesterday I drank mad water
that you know nothing about so what else
okay so I know people say John invite
strangers over to your house but I did
exactly that look who you are hi this is
boomin bum and on YouTube you I do I
hate he's a superstar in India this is
what you've been doing with your life I
don't even know what you're doing this
guy's superstar Ichigo sweet he's
teaching me how to do YouTube right now
this is my personal issues on a phone
I'm so jealous so much I wish I could
chew on a fault he's so funny you don't
know who he is in the description go
check him out we're doing a collab do
you know what it's gonna come out no no
we don't know so shut up you just wait
okay just what he is so funny and so
smart I had a really good time with like
I love seeing other creators do things
he's so cool we're about to shoot our
own videos now in a very short amount of
time because we had to leave to go do
other things apparently to do besides me
I want you to do me reef one video down
working on the second video I am getting
gradually sick I don't understand a
little tickle in your throat we like oh
it's coming so I'm gradually getting
sick it's that's a wrap on both videos
my throw is like if you let me die who
is your clean boy he's a clean boy he's
getting so good at showers now bad you
feel good he's no crying or anything are
you oh I know okay let's warm you up his
favorite place to sit good boy buddy
good boy buddy good boy my voice is that
that throw hurt so much so and the vlog
take some meds effing hell
you
