which first of all let me just say
boggles my mind this is a segment that
people are interested in is what's on my
iPhone
welcome back amazing well we hustle
harder productivity lives here we are
still in Nice rawness and today is day
two of my kin activities
Jesus okay I'll see --gel I swear to God
I almost flew into my room was like I am
pretty much done my hair and makeup for
my day
Skylar buck curl Nobel curl little
velcro here's the bitch for today's
pillow where did that panel with Google
out of title with Mediacom they have a
little bit of a break we have to go
through my emails do a little bit of
editing and I'm gonna do a fun little
segment for y'all after that I have a
Google dinner somewhere in there outlet
pass some drinks on a beach we gonna see
all that more let's do it well do my
hair and makeup I finally am late to the
show I don't listen to everything is
love the car turn and I'm just like it's
so sweet of Beyonce to carry the whole
album she probably like maybe you know
happy Valentine's Day you can put your
name on this but like this girl did not
come to play I mean no just no
disrespect jay-z's great jay-z's iconic
legendary but Beyonce on this album she
just like oh my beer
oh this outfit no you never seen it
before you've never seen it before
forget me though it's not about me it's
about daddy they - out here look at
these shoes first of all look at this
shirt let me see the booty I mean a
whole snack okay so my first panel is on
the Google Beach and we're taking a boat
shun blogging
we're taking a boat to an island is out
yeah okay I feel like it's gonna be
fabulous
yes yes saddle up partner
okay so this is the first time I've met
Conan I just had a panel with him I'm
obsessed she's so smart and so
well-spoken I'm obsessed with everything
you said and I definitely did do
something with him on my channel if
you'd like to see that let me know below
but now we're heading off this island to
my next panel hello bow always was a
swim
Wow
BAE and I just watched her videos and I
was just starting out and this feedback
in Asia so I'm like I'm not do freak out
so ladies and gentlemen we have
superwoman and when I start to be myself
that's my successfully started zoo
so I'm done my panels for the day I have
a lunch meeting but before that there's
this snapchat exhibit where Kyle checked
it out he said it's like pretty funky
it's really dark in there start know if
you'll be able to see what pearly this
is one thing that has like a hundred
phones that talks you so check this out
all cuz they all sound the same all we
found some famous oh wow
snap piano plays the tune music hello
that was swell we know got these types
of stands
oh so fabulous okay God inside Billy
took all my clothes off it is so hotter
than if I say that it's scorching he's
like sweating everywhere everywhere
there is fun what a really great lunch
meeting I was like one of the best means
I've ever had in my life like this whole
trip has been quite lovely
I just arrow for a second very grateful
to be here two days in a row we've gone
to the beach and yes it was a private
event so they just shut it down to the
crimson was drink today exact same thing
they closed a whole Beach for a private
event I'm like a finance Kent Kyle can
you express how hot it is right now like
so like I'm sick I've always called him
like oh it's never too hot it hurts it's
so hot it hurts I'm lying on the beach
Mike I just want some water so if the
waiter comes like here's gonna drink and
he says no because the bar is closing in
20 minutes and I'm like okay so can I
get a drink
prior to those two ideas he's like no
I'm like can I get water I think no you
have to go to the bar I'm like why can't
you just bring me water I don't get
anyways I get annoyed
five minutes later he brings some other
girl water and this happened yesterday
as well I'm like he's this the race
thing no because Kyle can your wife you
bout I'm gonna make it a race thing
right now because I'm just me I'm quite
annoyed anyways that to be fair Kyle
didn't ask for a drink today so today it
might have been tasting I'm just saying
we go through the bed and this will
happen in less than an hour
I don't you can see that tan line right
there Kyle is gonna be a lobster
tomorrow you fell asleep snoring on the
beach back out but al you gonna be ready
I just struggled so hard to wake up from
an apple it was the hardest thing I've
ever done ask I was like get up now I'm
dead I can't impaired like a movie we
are heading to a very special Google
donor I don't know how much mail to blog
cuz it's secret and there's all the
secret ins the RSVP in the secret in the
night well before I do that I thought
I'd go fun segment today which first of
all let me just say boggles my mind this
is a segment that people are interested
it's what's on my iPhone like I told
Carlos doing the season why I'm like
people watch this I don't like that
seems kind of fun and I don't know why
you'd want to know this but you know I'm
gonna do the most honest what's on my
iPhone never you know I wrote I have no
shame okay so first off my wallpaper
currently is an older picture of
Scarborough but when we did okay we
gonna open it let's talk about my photo
album first I have a system of
favoriting the pictures that I know me
to post on Instagram so if you go into
my favorites all these pictures like for
example it's this one on my back showing
all Q this one of me and Konan is gonna
happen I mean this one already happened
just the golf so I have all my favorites
babe
then one going to like albums I have
festival merch you seem calm maizena
calm okay yeah beef why keep the scores
of humble and I playing games because he
always cheats have a special folder call
Pantene which has like things with me
and Briana I have a save folder now I'm
not gonna let have a save folder the
first thing in my saved folder it's kind
of sweet
it's a screenshot from a text message
conversation it's from my mom and it's
literally her wishing me happy
Valentine's Day and I almost cried when
she said it resize screenshot says happy
Valentine's Day to my lovely daughter
you could be a super one but to me
you'll always be my little girl love mom
after that I've got some important
financial things that definitely should
not be saved on the phone they're
definitely saved on my phone so if you
ever find my phone and you broke and
hungry definitely break into it because
you will get access to everything I have
have this green screen thing green
screen thing I got screenshots or some
salty text message thanks five we need
to pull it up like check your mouth I
have a gifts folder which is majority
gifts of me um I tax people gifts of me
it's a thing we swipe to the right that
was really really cool app I don't think
a lot of people know about it it's like
it's a way I communicate with other
people
it's called Twitter so my Twitter I have
my instant Graham I have facebook i
periscope
alright bu
what's F of unicorn island app also
alright B I just need to please gonna
let that one go have YouTube my facebook
page snapchat was exhibit I went to
today on that what's sweet
I have um the hell that is boomerang by
vine camera right what have this trash
those are my apps that I have I have a
Productivity folder which I use really
often has Dropbox has DocuSign the rock
clock yes he decided alarm clock okay
whatever sheets I have a series of apps
that are to do apps that are all garbage
my biggest stress in life is finding
your to-do app I can share with my team
garbage all of my garbage if I'm one
that's kind of cool clothes like I
really just like create one and the
creation folder have the green screen
app I have video show my talking pet
this is crucial
an app called my talking pet how I
created scarbrow talking nada showed it
to me adorable video like Scarborough
talking is how I did this it's super
super great the most important folder
here though that's just everybody shut
up let's be real it's my photography
folder okay cuz this is how I turn
myself into the most basic color on
Instagram I use an app called be funky a
lot of people don't even turn this app
but this is how I take really dull
pictures and they have a beautiful where
it literally takes your trash and
beautifies it the Sun just started
shining as soon as I thought if
something like this effect but really
like just brightens everything the
picture makes the sky look beautiful
just with one button it's like the most
basic trash but I live by it it also has
like a light lifting thing so like
you're in a super dark environment but
you're like no it's light it's gone
espadrille
I of course have facetune you know why
because this was the before picture
right here and this is the after I so
many pores and pimples yeah of course
second times I brighten thing that's
like whiten things the wall my tank top
has makeup on in my teen you know
something people use a Snapseed it's
really complicated I have it here just
so I can live like oh I you snap see but
really is too complicated I'm gonna do
it so I face tuned and I be funky that
garbage garbage garbage have the Raptors
app and sports r.i.p in entertainment at
Flixster because I'm upset I have to
read a movie review before I read a
movie but I'm alone and no one else is
looking happy I've just spent 30 minutes
reading these reviews i'm Flixster two
before i watch a movie
host mates live by fun fact my post
mates and cows post mates we like log
into the same account so I see
everything he orders all the time and
never you tell you sometimes it's
midnight and I'd be seeing like Oh your
tacos will arrive soon I'm like this oh
he is just really out here using postman
every single day I also have sued my
favorite app which is my massage app
where they come through with your girl
and they do a little better there's no
crack all that favorite have Amazon
Prime obsessed with it obviously Netflix
I have AMC where I'm trying to watch The
Walking Dead because I don't have cable
a lot of those types of apps I'm like I
can't I don't want cable how can I see
this show my tesla app because i can
like control my car from my phone which
is weak like an unlock and i can move it
forward move it back it's really creepy
i scare the crap out of people I have my
Shopify app for what I want to check out
my merch is doing which either loose I'm
losing a thumbs up and then I have slack
which is how my team and I functions
which is funny because it's a team thing
what's called slack it's very it's very
counterintuitive it's like that work
really hard by using slack but it's like
how we communicate we have different
threads like main channel vlog and it's
helped me the team's secure the bag was
that entertaining for you I don't know
people like to know what's on my iPhone
in terms of music the latest thing
obviously everything is love what else
is there our music right now there's
absolutely nothing the answer is nothing
I got a clap no I always add where I'm
travelling to my clock so if you look at
the bottom of the Lulu I'm not there
what a help
Caroline I usually add why the hell do
they even give me a stock SAP it's like
they don't even know me it's like they
don't even know other consumers like
Huawei whatever if you ever use a stock
snap comment below you've never used it
shut up that's that's pretty much it I
spend watch it how those fun cute super
cool thing with the pixel it's a gift
food and you already know Connor like
can we do it three times when we're the
most basic people at the party yes get
those gifts okay I have all three
he's got home from dinner so you know
probably just gonna call it a night
just kidding the last one of the trip
here we go hi can we order a creme
brulee and can we get the ice cream on
the side
thank you you too
okay can we just rewind action replay
him saying hi three times in row because
you just hit puberty what you said oh
okay so we just looked an amazing Google
dinner I Susan cou too but I was so flat
Kyle had wine I was so flattered because
she's wearing a girl love refuted look
Lily I'm wearing the Rafiki and I was
like she's like she has she's been
wearing it ever since I gave a turn I
was like oh my goodness I am so
flattered this boy right you're tipsy
off some wine you want more tinkle damn
the my creme brulee I will miss you one
a day as promised I'm a calling tonight
when you're watching this today super
Thursday and videos coming up it is so I
love it I friggin love it I hope you
love it too I'm not gonna give you any
sneak peek I'm just gonna let you wait
for it it's gonna be lit and we are
heading back to LA let's see what did
today all the way before we do that I
wanna let you know actually drink lots
of water today but I didn't vlog any of
it so you don't need to give me the
point I'm getting points in my body that
I don't need on this screen I had like
two or three glasses though and I'm just
let you know that okay back to Los
Angeles
you
