we hustle harder productivity midget
bulge oh come on Salah I am in France
and nice my hotel room is very cold my
nips is like so Kyle went for a walk
into this opportunity to blaze up the
place that turn up the thermostat I'm
really excited to be here only here for
about two ish days we have a lot to do
with the camp Film Festival here is the
mission also you should know it's 7:00
a.m. but jetlag got me feeling like yo
get hair and makeup done you a panel
with the WWE women's at Cana lunch some
interviews with variety and then I gotta
come home and do some work all that and
what we's at Frank zombie let me tell
you regarding all those things I'm gonna
vlog what I can when I'm somewhere alone
and no one else is able to vlog we're
probably not a bunch of professional
people I'm gonna start vlogging me
written up up and I can't do that you
guys see what you lost the eye here in
France to talk with Alma moron because
they brought some outfits and the one I
want to wear is this
it's very can its various jumpsuit
usually always bring my black Spanx and
my like nude Spang
I forgot my nudes bag so you can see the
black ones too it's like everywhere that
I could but first show I my tree wear
this outfit which you've seen before but
if I post it you're gonna be like oh my
god brand-new outfit we've never seen
before why because real ones also can we
discuss that I'm doing a panel so I was
invited to Ken by Stephanie McMahon and
can we just take a moment to realize
that I'm doing a panel with Steph I'm
here after the double W and I just can't
even deal like the little lily is like
straight up it's such an honor and I'm
just so privileged to be here but a
seven am it's got some breakfast
hey Denise you're looking very nice sure
that's the first time you've heard that
I know what you're thinking who the hell
is wearing white and it is Kyle the
blow-up is gonna be real I talk on like
house on a cab to not wear your black
t-shirt that you're wearing right now
for all the events what's the vibe Kyle
I'm sorry going to the south of France
y'all I'm gonna get the white linen oh
no I think for an upcoming vlog I'm
going to give Kyle a makeover what do
you think like oh if I reject gonna be
like making me where I'm thinking just a
thong oh and nipple covers pasties I
mean I'm having like a proud sister
mother
girlfriend/boyfriend moment right now
look cute guy looks oh my goodness your
folded pan you just right you thought
you so read you so cute I'm very very
successful women have blazed new trails
in a predominantly male dominated
industry boa st. John chief marketing
officer of endeavor and chief brand
officer the WWE Stephanie last but not
least YouTube create intrapreneur
actress and author
hello everybody thank you very much for
coming to this panel taking risks and
building brands so I both say John I am
a mom first and foremost really I do a
lot lot of things I make YouTube content
I'm an entertainer a book I do a lot of
when it was the title that had to be
about also fun fact I grew up being a
huge dub dub offense as a huge honor to
be sitting next to his Queen exactly it
might bless you
did grow up in this business I have a
little bit of a unique perspective yes
being the daughter McMahon but then also
having to pave the way we just launched
your own production I did yeah I just
launched my production company and so I
feel I've always felt like my life is
based in the digital world I'm like I
could pull some strings I can make
things happen I walk into a room when I
want to traditional roomie I have to
deal with all of the things all of the
men telling me what ideas are good and
people ask me questions I literally had
someone be like oh you're brothers and
sisters
oh you're not I just read tell stories
that I'm not even ready to roll
you know the dead burst or is the female
stories in a way that is not happening
yet I don't know if this is gonna
resonate Anthony well as humans may even
have business people but my actual own
life I just want to be happy like I just
said sorry someone can I talk to him so
many panels I just said my Stephanie
weren't something all the girls wound
which is like literally or girl
chill and get their makeup done and hair
done and it's just over five and a half
there's so many joke people that show
you the view real quick I mean come on
it is so dope feels like a snack every
time I see him I'm like I told him I
just saw him walking right on the street
I would be like yo who is a bunch of you
flashing Slusher
here's what I love most about nice you
just walk past a window and you see
views like this like what the hell is
this looks like a Windows XP desktop
wallpaper whoo it is hot and if I said
it's hot it's hot my upper lips with my
mustaches they're my first panel today
did my second panel down with my last
interview thing for the day it's gonna
be lit also isn't my top like super cute
it's like the straps are like these
buckle things I think it's really
stylish what the hell
when did I give them permission to use
my name and likeness you'll be hearing
for my lawyer so Kyle and I have been
doing this thing over capturing each
other on our stories and the story is
being ugly he got me running in the FO
you not get rockin all righty you know I
can't run in the airport already so I'm
like trying to run I got kind of
sleeping like the mother effing Grim
Reaper on the plane just dead actually
shot right now
so I'll says he orchestrated with Masako
and Brogan you fake we've got a
collection of ugly pictures of me so I'm
gonna react to that it's not gonna hold
okay so keep in mind not everything is
like a bad picture but they're like
maybe funny we're not bad people we
don't think she's like this favor
because you know seems people go rob's
to dresses because if anyone has ugly
pictures of me definitely then they get
all the like photo shoot pictures I like
did it make it you know the ones that
didn't get approved so I have a link
here why am i so nurse I know basically
so ugly I hate you demands like I hate
you in advance okay
I'm crunk assassin this is a juvie and I
am this fence is getting some action
from me spoiler alert
that's not spraying that's okay next one
I've never had food in my whole life you
know what I mean double of course you
can get my most drunk time and get the
pictures of a fine 5 this is cute what
are you even talking about
okay I'm getting entry tonight y'all
really take advantage this is cute I
don't
oh I get it I know what's happening here
the story here is I hate Lacroix look
what the word friend la la hoja I'm poor
so I hate Lacroix but a cute boy came up
to me and said do you want to try this
and then my holes he was watching I was
like yeah sure so like I'm cute boy got
me to try that's why this picture will
save you to show us for me to see how he
wants my thirst it's in this picture not
for the Lok Oy the goddamn boy in the
book whatever Oh No yeah what first of
all there's money on the side of my face
I I don't know what's happening here
this is your look this is some HR of
heaven I do some HR violation
yeah we can move on before a jerk I'm
sorry you know what I don't know it's me
in the official Power Rangers mask we'd
had to be a boss it doesn't get any
better than that y'all this is like dope
picture I should post this right now
okay see this is the thing when I get
the team to take photo shoots and we try
to
sexy one picture for those sexy with
other 900 are like animal control oh my
god that is so ugly I'm sober I mean my
black a grey words my boobs look great
but not my three chins my three Chin's
do not like great this picture this is
Hawaii I'm shot with no yeah that's
horrendous that is true another Trinidad
feature I'm telling you that I had some
it was a gold mine Oh God see this is
just like the second one that for
something seven - no no that's canceled
this person behind me is even laughing
at me my ears like this girl AHA I think
I look great for as well great
how is this even a bad picture this is
good this is quality content right here
no I'm so embarrassed as new try to be
second the Bible is so hot first of all
you can see sweat stains under my boob
right there and mother-effin my stomach
as craters I'm so embarrassed first of
all they were chunker second of all dan
looks beautiful and third of all it's
just this is a he's having a great bad
day no it's a no for me no oh no I don't
even know what's happening here I'm
guessing we're on a boat yes can you got
a cookie here I'm closer look at the
stretch marks up on my legs doesn't
matter love yourself love yourself in
your stretch marks
first what I gotta say to all these
pictures where I look bad my boobs are
great I think that that's a real moral
of the story here see this is the thing
you always send me screenshots of me my
videos were like oh I'm going to in a
funny position I have nine million of
those sent to me so this is not you need
to meet me be like man it's always the F
that's it that's always my face that's
just wrong also like my Spanx are not
doing their job in this picture I'm not
they're not doing your job here okay
exactly
ever told me there's a slider when I was
walking down the goddamn oh I look like
Miranda saw a ghost like that fine y'all
got me I think I'm gonna do one where I
pick country no no I know I have goddamn
jackpots up in my photo
this guy gets drunk off three sips of
wine so you can just imagine pictures I
have get trash bags I hope you enjoyed
exposing my worst pictures of all the
stories you know we all have our moments
of imperfection imperfections makes you
dull but the boobs are so ugly but as
long as the bull no he's kidding but
still for real
I would love if y'all treated me some of
your not great pictures I think it's
something we can all laugh at and me
back in the day you should be so like oh
my god no I look so bad once I started
making YouTube videos and people would
like screenshot just like that shit was
so silly
nozomi fans I'm like what you want to
check the picture like me don't be like
200 the picture nothing nah it is what
it is that ship has sailed am so thank
you thank you Kyle for that wonderful
collection of art and kill you in your
sleep okay I need to change my clothes
because my body's who is riding up my
booty right now and then secondly I have
so much boob sweat I can refill its
entire bottle if I had to right now by
the way oh my Kyle I got you to save
something because something I've been
where is it give it to me give it to me
right now
tell them what happened we're at an
event and this is like can you hold on
this for later
I need a vlog this is my water bottle
give me the point I said now that I'm
done my obligation is time through some
work by the pool work drinking and work
by the pool let's get it Bay watch vibes
up here had to just shave in the shower
and try to clean this okay I don't have
to see that but I make no promises when
you forget your flip-flops so you wear
the hotel slippers outside okay so the
water is hella cold first of all like
you know I'm talking ball is that cold
but when it hits like the lady bits your
life but there's all these little fish
swimming and the water's so clear who's
like fish everywhere let me show you
hold on oh look there's crabs
it's so clear alright facial fishy fishy
fishy what's wrong would you get your
peepee yeah I wouldn't hit the privates
it's not a fun time I don't know if you
can see them but there's fish everywhere
under the water like can you see them
can't can you see them like do you all
see the fish though oh my god the robber
it it's kind of adorable I kind of love
it I don't even know if y'all can see
this they might just be water to you
when both of us cows just fell asleep on
the dips
in the cellar just like yeah yeah okay
how's life for a second we get food to
Senator the jetlag and hard though
so I drank that and not that who am i
becoming just ate at a fancy restaurant
yep still in these suburbia merci gem
creme brulee
I say hunty f it up I said if it oh I
see oh okay I told myself I'd have a
creme brulee every day mom ain't raised
no liar a successful day here in me okay
yeah we both thought it's so weird the
gel eggs like I'm wide awake five Macedo
Mike it's tough it's a tough thing but
over here for tomorrow
I've whole bunch of panels on Thursday
we're leaving such a short trip but we
having a great time Nativity and all
tomorrow where more things are gonna
happen we're going to like a beach
island dinner thing uh yeah a fabulous
life what if you like it subscribe if
you like it those guys like it subscribe
what I'll play back meant way back not
play back okay
you
