ever water okay and then hold it in your
mouth mm-hmm we all the harder
productivity lives here what's that what
is it hustle hard Oh what up t-shirt
reference it is Friday here in LA a
little gloomy but it's a gloomy retrench
in the shade so another thing about I
have a shoot today I'm gonna tell you
this much about the shoot but I'm gonna
keep a few secret mission for today
right the studio do the shoot go to my
mom and I'm gonna leave it at that big
up the shoot is gonna be really really
really really long grade up motherhood
any time ago anywhere especially the
studio like I have scarborough's bed do
I have this food I have as ppad do I
have a treat for him too I have a bone
firm I'm a mother also a lot of you been
asking like tweeting me being like is
the merge only limited because I haven't
gotten paid yet yeah there is only a
limited quantity with the new merch it's
not like an infinite amount it's like X
amount of stuff her design so if you
want some diss merch Lilly Singh Kham
it's a vibe is the discount code
so go ahead and cock that if you want
that bag to Jack a backup package oh oh
oh I need the hairspray come on May it
so the thing about this video is we have
to make this studio look like a boat a
very large boat let's see how that's
going Wow how cool where are the minions
holy crap get you a team like mine like
I can't even comprehend right now this
looks so good oh my god
so reef is gonna cameo in this video how
does it feel to control the camera that
also be in the video I mean I did it for
six years ago it's hard to be really
talented sometimes it's tough it's
exhausting it's from the old collection
but that's okay not every day that was
done well it was it was good I
thoroughly enjoyed it thanks to a I take
one action
Scarborough has a new biggest fan on how
to figure honey has a new daddy look we
go together uh-huh
like we go together okay now we got a
problem you want to Justin break them
right okay to come back to LA I will
terrorize you if I come back no I won't
ever you say that and then I forget text
you actually we're both Matt attack you
know when I think back those two LA
Times I you're always in one of the
prominent memories me too because when I
first moved here you were like my
neighbor and I remember that time was so
scary for me but I was I was like you
said was three doors yeah I just have a
lot of good time yeah you should come I
have known to watch movies with I do i
watch them with them but they have a lot
of friends I have any friends yeah kind
of a hard thing guys like my new dog I'm
so confused because my BAE is here yes
right i confusing it's only good because
this other good dude is here and it
keeps like yes that's my new Bane okay
great I use if you're up okay I don't
know what sounds good
already know you're in the action oh
great you could use ever any character
yeah
all right you ready for this okay so you
gotta put water okay and then hold it in
your mouth
that was a that was a funny joke
I was so easy there was the one that you
can laugh at you got a homeboy literally
crying because I chose okay more MORE
I'm crying you are you jump in the water
right literal tears mate oh Allah I can
watch the whole thing straight face do
it what
I think it's just the cutest like that
yeah
all right cool up next we have use of
aircraft boo doo doo doo didn't-didn't
in Tintin oh you see that oh I don't
take stem cakes i legit choked during
the try not to laugh challenge and the
evidence is right there you're so easy
it's your baby way to believe one of
mommy's good good good friends let's do
away my son first of all your hair is
wearing the girl of Rafiki to smile oh
my god I'm dying oh my god hi ah you are
the cutest thing in the world I just
want to smash you every time I see you
on my screen we're on set yet um very
good day on set everybody my fans where
you gonna hide everybody video and press
this I'm number one or Bradford don't
lose anything else you need from me yeah
scream okay ready and thank you
everybody that's a wrap
yo y'all killed it MVP is bro for making
the boat set just friggin kill da game
I'm so proud of you I just told them my
idea for my next passion project without
saying what it is but you guys think
Taylor stressed already
he's like why are you doing this it
might break the internet oh I knew
Fortin I would do this once before and
I'm like okay well we do an egg excited
finally home with 9:00 p.m. I had such a
good day on set today not only did I
really like the concept everyone pulled
through my team effing killed her Brogan
killed the set Taylor killed like the a
doing and figuring out what's just every
one of my to be so sick and I'd so much
fun well shooting so I feel really good
about to create it were really good
about the video I'm on cloud nine
you know what I feel that today whoa Wow
Wow okay my mascara isn't very smart
cheesy you know I feel that drinking
water it's always hard on shoot days cuz
I barely like drink or eat anything I'm
just like so busy doing things so I need
to like really work on that I'm gonna
call it a night it is 12:30 I watched a
little bit of TV I'm gonna take a shower
I'm gonna bed and pretty tired from
waking up really early things turned out
let's see how it until tomorrow which is
certain it's the weekend and on Sunday
I'm one of friends it's gonna be let
make sure your subscribe
you
