that's like our lives here happy
Wednesday Wednesday so weirdly we say
Wednesday but spell wagged nests day
like lasagna is like is it lasagna is
Atlas agony these are the father having
a great day
as always we gonna be productive we
gonna make it today do some pickup shots
with a fortnight video shoot another
video both of my involved write a script
and everything else is bonus we gonna
kill it today and let's do it good thing
about the fortnight video we saw some
pickup shots to do if you have no idea
what fortnight is first of all what is
you doling but if you're like I'm not
that familiar and you're like a team
super og I've put a lot of effort into
this video like the little details
things I've changed about the game etc
so just I do a quick a read on it if you
want if you care if you cuz it's good
it's funny for people that know the game
but if you don't know the game you might
be like pourquoi Casca what if you want
a quick read up you'll probably enjoy it
more if not it's fine it's cool but in
case you want to see all to work your
girl dating my wine do some Wikipedia
anyways okay I gotta go shoot this for
it nothing good your dad you take over
oh yes okay okay
hello thank you hello focus hello City
hello everybody when do you figure oh
there is one glitter in my beard okay
I'm going to teach you trick today about
being on set being super short cut
number one okay today we're going to see
on set what everything happens with
everyone when they come on set to do the
photography's and things okay thank you
yes I am your mommy come here come here
my son okay okay okay okay
nice nice okay nice nice man you smell
oh oh I am mummy
hello my name is snowflake
okay listen listen me and my brothers we
have great idea okay no Taylor has to do
VFX things 4:49 video so there's one
scene word controller has to drop very
easy you just are going to scare Taylor
we're going to pretend we green screen
so when Taylor head massage from spicy
maybe okay oh hello are did you killing
it yes yes you are
what can I say you know the snow angels
they love me for mg she mad at me
sometime but the snow angels they love a
little brown chocolate you know little
cinnamon little spicy spicy ball you
know this one
they like spicy ball I am kidding I am
kidding I love my wife very much but um
geez she is my whole world my galaxy my
junipers I remembered first day we met
when our Peyton's introduced her to each
other and we fall in love because we
have no choice in the next day we got
married best day of my life
I love her very much please don't be
angry okay I don't want to sleep on
couch okay thank you but record our
second video for the day it's the third
installment of the whole replying to
hate comments so I'm done our sandwich
one again sexist comments I've done a
geography class against racist comments
this is tricky it's against a homophobic
comment now it was very like I had a
hard time writing because I want to make
sure it's not my story to tell I want to
like make sure it was appropriate so I
had Kyle reviewed and a whole bunch of
my friends reviewed to be like is this
like I
want to tell your stories like tell me
if this is good so can reviewed super
hard to write it's a little modest funny
and more of like truth I feel but I
think it's important and it's pregnant
so I don't think it's politically
incorrect because I think people that
are against gay people are mean and
wrong so I'm sorry and kudos to Alex
that who's actually an ally was choosing
to play this role because she
understands the importance of this video
so don't come for Alison she's playing a
role that's right I'm just acting I
think everybody deserves to be exactly
they are moving as someone is moving
them no these spirits are in every
single room inside without this room if
we use a Ouija board let's use the word
for that thing there and everyone's
fingers are here and just review 9 new
school 8 saving you you say spirits are
really I do not think this works because
of spirits there they won't even be in
the vicinity of this Ouija board no once
this race comes back in the room and
anyone's fair game and her face turns
white when I asked if she wiped like you
know because I don't play and everyone
don't touch you just go like this and
see if it moves
and we're off I give you my car I will
give you my car my house because I know
this person can be left over here but
whatever you should do it in a dark room
like a closet the movie just say goodbye
that's like an immoral the more yeah see
when I was younger I did this and they
used to really scare me but I think this
is me overcoming of fear I don't want to
ask the spirits but like I just you know
I'd like to say how we do them set the
mood with step - sir are you there yes
okay
Lily you gotta start simple have spirit
sir in the room are you a good spirit
but it's your name don't ask for
physical signs also that's asking for
trouble I think we do this I'm little
nervous right alright so that is you
lightly touch it but you gotta be
touching it and you know if it's a high
pressure this is Lily and her good
friend Taylor at me no harm to any
spirits here
just curious once they have friendly
supper to you so I'm gonna ask questions
and you know are there any spirits
present with us said wait one two five
one two five and in the game segment are
there any speedy spirits in the room any
spirits that wishes to speak with us oh
so light I'm not pulling in your
freaking pushing it
are there any spirits here that wish to
talk to us I know you did something I
know to me anything you're lying I'm not
doing anything
I'm not doing no usually I'm not even
know you I know you're doing I have no
you're doing good
stop pulling it I'm not going it you're
pushing it it's like struggling together
is that yes right now it's going to no
okay
interesting interesting you had to be
like don't push I am not doing anything
I might be arrested lion wrench I see
longer sightlines I'm telling you this
is the beginning of a armed group of
people it's not me but it's truly met
upon it's a problem you not wish to
speak to us because you had a bad day
whoa this is opening doors how you see
my hand come on I'm barely touching this
right now it's on the sea right now it's
possible would only do like a little bit
what does that mean it said like it's
possible starts behind something and
that they stop that we can't be angry
Hey cp810 or was it just going to a see
you guys cover you know I'm very I see
you again no no what is your name okay
yeah yeah
say goodbye to Kevin let the time a
little peaceful I used to live here
Kevin
wait your friendly neighborhood Kevin
when what is his last name
Star Trek well that is this last time
except I did that names here yeah
interested well that lived in the area
2010 that's like RMS because Kevin short
what's Hollywood's we know Jesus deines
57 this year
Hollywood's Jesus yeah it's like someone
with like was well-known in this area
what did you do for a living
interested to see what Taylor said here
so how many miners are sliding off the
beach if you can't tell see my fingers
going away from the planchette see
that's the F up you're so stupid or is
it me I'm done with this I think yeah
it's been a costume okay good reacted
listen we're going to go Kevin can I ask
Kevin to do one more thing for you
Kevin would you subscribe to this okay
we hope you a little very happy like
we're going to say goodbye now
stop breaking my gait you stop doing
that
let's just movie talk about okay
no you can API goodbye let's just we're
just gonna leave you cos I've been we've
had a good top now we're going to get by
the like heaven no we're going it too
good but I don't know just why we're
moving back yeah because you closed it
there buddy
that defeats the purpose of the Ouija no
no
I know so I'm about to do something
major right now as you know I have an
office now so I'm thinking about getting
rid of the Home Office in the sense that
I want to transform it and use it for
something else so I wasn't a music
studio so we're kind of clearing it out
right now and never narrow this calendar
is coming down
my battery died in the middle of the
time-lapse and now you're never gonna
see me take off those things this is the
result a very dirty wall looking for a
magic eraser hashtag not an egg I grab
those progress is being made
you're the best purposes I'm listening
this wall down but mr. Cate done did up
the whole room so well so in my studio
like this walls gonna stay at walls
gonna say all of this she made it back
burst burst the tiled room that I'm now
there change to a studio and it's gonna
be lit so not only did mr. Kidd give me
a home office she about to give me music
studio wahoo just cleaned up my shoe
area and look at this beautiful closet
oh my god I love final touches of the
fortnight video no how's it going what
do you guys think we're gonna be able to
release tomorrow yeah we're gonna be
able to release him like an hour oh my
god wow wow wow alrighty everyone just
left how the F is at 10 p.m. I don't
know give me the points but I'm slacking
because I think that's like my only last
day I need to like do it up over the
next couple hours I'm gonna memorize
some sides for an audition that I'm
gonna record tomorrow we're building a
set for Friday that's it cuz the
fortnight video not everybody I'm like
what if we build a castle so I'm gonna
figure out how to build that but that's
just happening for next couple hours
until it is big time it's too early
right now is anyone else like this I
have zero regard for what mule it is
because I will have breakfast for any of
those meals and the dinner for any of
those meals and lunch for any of those
mister examples dinner I'm having eggs
and toast over dinner just as long as
it's a meal I don't care what type of
food it is I just food food is what I
want help me baby one more time
literally just walked into my room and
I'm like God why why I forgot I clean
downstairs and thus this happened and
now we're not here you're playing when
I'm everyn I'm in situations like this
I'm just like think I'm planning I just
get to work let's do it booty it's time
to go to bed i'ma read through these
sizes audition fall asleep while doing
so I think we killed it when you watch
this today
oh my god the for tonight video is
coming out I'm not even give you a sneak
peek I really like it
y'all might hate it when I friggin love
you know merges all Lilly Singh Kham if
you want emerges count cold it's a vibe
only letting the discount code
be known on the fan page on my vlog
channel do my socials the main channel
people they don't know it just you let's
see how you did today
I tell tomorrow went bold not happy I'm
a little finger
you
