so 75 cents I'm gonna burn Moe
requesting 75 cents okay so I've been
requests and we remember get to 75 cents
for half of the parking meter outside of
our meeting June 9 there was two days
ago
okay ready welcome back amazing loves we
hump a harder productivity lives you're
happy mind acting I've said this before
but I must say it again I must say it
again Mondays for as long as I can
remember when I was in school I was like
uh-oh
I actually love mondays now cuz they had
to go back to the office get back to
work see all the people I love working
with I'm so excited
and it's super Monday which means a new
nanny oh it's hot I'm hot I have upper
lip sweat hold on yeah I'm sorry blazer
geez hello here's my shirt today
release a video I have a media 4:30
right script one right script to work on
that creative school girls talk to you
about obviously go through my inbox like
me I don't know maybe like forgive write
a movie maybe write another bubs play my
buddy another book unto it
so I'm teaching Scarborough and Utrecht
teach it you still the learning face
don't judge but check this out already
see me pops I think you props with this
bother you love okay I just released my
video for today's my mom's morning
routines of this video that kills me
when I watch it like I can't even walk
into the room so my mom I swear to God
Dec is my parent call me lil but they go
Len Len look at me just keep going you
like the length of that scene the
comedic gold if I may say so myself
oh finish writing one of my scripts for
Wednesday finish to the extent were like
I need to revisit to see if it's still
funny tomorrow I often do that I write
something next day I'm like is this good
is this a good thing am I good at my job
I don't know these Americans that I'm
always around they always talk about
this thing called venmo
like yesterday I went to the movie
they're like how much can we venmo you
to pay you back and I'm like say what
pourquoi Canadians not really use vent
no I know where you are venomous thing
but essentially it's like a paying
system it's like you can pay people back
really easy kind of like PayPal again
like maybe easier I don't know hashtag
not a man it's a story but yeah it's
like a paying app where you can request
payments or pay your friends so my
friends are telling me how there's like
a thing where you can send petty venmo
requests it's like a thing on the
interwebs where like you can be like I
want tons
for this and like people actually do
this and I thought that's so stupid I'm
definitely going to do so what I would
they do I'm so stupid I'm gonna send
Kyle a venmo request for something so
stupid and I'm gonna try to capture his
reaction I want to make it something
like where you might actually believe it
so I don't want to get too ridiculous so
what I've landed on is the other day we
were parking somewhere and I paid for
the parking and I paid him get out of
here fly and I paid for the parking
meter and it was like no like a dollar
50 or something I miss a dollar fifty
times two what and hold on so 75 cents I
would've been no request in 75 cents
okay so I've been requests and remember
cut to 75 cents for half of the parking
meter outside of our meeting June 9
there was two days ago you ready
I'm kidding you loser I'm kidding
I'll see what else we can send here
Brogan 30 cents request Rogan check your
phone
30 cents for using my iPhone charger and
reducing it's like I'm gonna do a $2.00
fee to my sock as an emotional support
fee for cuddling with Scarborough meet
your route I'm gonna do $0.99 to Humble
for buying bananas that are two Green
two dollars for the dump you took at my
house because of water and toilet paper
usage $4 for being your friend
all those times you're annoying you
don't find other 25 cents for the sip of
water you borrowed from me you can be
worth it yo can I borrow some water like
are you are you gonna give it back I'm
gonna do this every day so much but you
have any more suggestions of penny venmo
request I can't then please please
please let me know below there's nothing
I love more than being a little pic hey
speak of the devil I need to upgrade
this and make a part tool right here and
welcome to this tutorial I is home
finished all that meetings for the day
and now I get to work on some scripts
and some creative work this man just
took a rose into his house the expecting
company show me the meaning of being
hydrated yeah little dinner here looks a
little bit like hospital food but we got
some sweet potato some asparagus from
tofurkey I mean
when I'm eating and Scarborough's
begging like I try to hold my ground but
you have to see how cute he is can we
just so I'm trying to spend 20 30
minutes every day training Scarborough
he's getting better watch my show you
can't notice it me pops serviced it good
pops
slowly but surely I don't dance now I
drank age 200 you know what even done
for a while
played fortnight even though my Thursday
videos fortnight be complain in a while
is 914 I've done a lot of work I'm gonna
play some fortnight or take a shower and
watch some TV because now I'm officially
in chill zone and I got my one kill I
don't know how it's possible but I suck
even more at that game you ordered my
aim is just off someone comes towards me
like there's something like I just can't
get that joystick down alrighty I think
we're gonna watch some TV and go to bed
I think you're a very sleepy boy aren't
you sleepy boy thanks for joining us on
today nice productive like well-paced
day I feel how was your day comment
below let me know tomorrow I got a few
meetings we're gonna write some scripts
the hustles gonna continue on love in
life are you loving life wow that was
gross that's not like asparagus you like
that let's see how we did today egg Cal
tomorrow when it is Tuesday right is the
- it was Monday Tuesday Monday Monday
Tuesday there are seven days there are
seven days there were seven days in a
week sending Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday Friday Saturday
you
