this video is sponsored by ma Vavi clips
more about them shortly hey here's a fun
fact guys have feelings still I mean I
don't I'm just a broken shell of a man
but you know most guys most guys do I'm
just kidding don't worry about me I'll
piece myself back together one day but
until then
even though guys might not Express the
same way girls do we catch feelings we
fall in love and it's usually a big
amount of time between us feeling that
way and actually admitting to it I mean
sometimes we're in love with people
we're not even dating and we just keep
it to ourselves or sometimes we don't
even know that we're in love love is
just a weird thing and even though in
the last couple years the only love I've
really experienced is between myself and
different strangers dogs I have been in
love with a human not a dog just to be
clear you you know what I mean so today
we're gonna be talking about the signs
that he's falling in love with you
before you get too excited and go like
wow he's doing that thing so he must be
in love with me like just because you do
one or two things doesn't necessarily
mean that he's in love with you
it's just one of many signs I mean
they're gonna stop just because there's
one stop say okay that's a bad example
like just because you wake up every
morning with bites all over you doesn't
necessarily mean that you have bedbugs
so you can leave me alone about it mom
alright this videos getting off-track
let's uh let's just hop into it number
one he's excited to introduce you to his
friends not only is you meeting them his
idea but he's excited about it or
nervous he cares a lot is what matters
and he's pushing actively to make this
happen cuz he wants you to like them and
them gonna like you I mean these are the
people that matter to him and if it's
his family you know maybe he'll tell you
things that his dad likes there's mom
likes to like you know have you say the
right thing so you make a good
impression or on the flip side of that
maybe you know when you see them if it's
during dinner or whatever keeps bringing
up things that you do that he thinks
that they'll like till I can make the
conversation about how great you are
this is just a great sign and it's
if he's like affectionate with you like
he's holding your hand and put his arm
around you or whatever it's like hey
this is a lot more than just a friend to
me so be nice number two is that he
spends most of his free time with you or
at least he tries really hard to if he's
constantly like instigating plans with
you or he just calls you a lot or at
least just tries to do these things
that's a really good sign maybe he's
cancelling plans with his friends to see
you or trying to switch shifts at work
or maybe even like after a long day of
work he's still down to come see you
even though he's probably exhausted
point is if he wants to see you like
real bad and spend time with you
he's probably caught some serious
feelings but also to be fair it could
just be part of the honeymoon phase of a
relationship and that is at the very
beginning everything is like at its best
right because you're both just so happy
to be together so a really good sign
that he's in love is that this doesn't
change even as months go by
it keeps being this way number three he
really values your input it's super
common to just share your problems with
the person that you're dating like you
can do that on a first date
sometimes what really shows that they're
developing feelings is how much weight
they put on your opinion like it does
not take me long to start opening up the
problems in my life like whatever
however small they might be you know if
I'm having an issue with a friend or
like my roommates or whatever and like
when I mention these problems it's more
so because it's on my mind then because
I'm looking for advice I just kind of I
don't it's something to share and
especially early into dating someone I
don't even know if their advice would be
good because it's like I don't like do
you make good life decisions what I
actually want someone's genuine opinion
on something that I'm doing it's one
started to you know value their input
like at this point I know they're smart
and I trust that they're gonna give me
what they genuinely think is like the
best advice they can and also to an
extent you know I'm insecure about how I
think I should deal with it and you know
you can either make me feel confident
that my decision is the right one or
point me somewhere maybe better number
four is when he brings up the future you
know guys pretty serious about you if he
brings up the future like months
I mean maybe it's making plans to go on
vacation together or to see a concert
when it come when they come to town but
in general this is one of the first
signs you'll get that he's not going
anywhere
and then he's probably really into you
like I've been freaked out in the past
on a first date where the girl that I'm
out with would be like oh you should
meet them in regards like their friend
or the roommate or ever - they're
talking about and it just feels too soon
so saying this is a little bit of a risk
obviously even seeing each other for a
while it's different but it's basically
asking do you want to keep me around cuz
I want to keep you around number five is
that he will quote things that you've
said to him more significant than asking
for advice is when he remembers the
things that you tell maybe it's not even
advice maybe it's just a joke or or it
could be him remembering something dumb
that you said and teasing you about it
point is if someone's quoting you it
means that they're thinking about you
when you're not there like it clearly
stayed with them number six is gets you
things that you didn't even ask for if
this guy remembers your coffee order and
gets it for you when you're not even if
you don't ask or you just get to things
in general it's it's a good sign don't
get me wrong there's being nice like
paying for a date or buying you coffee
when the two of you were together but
then there's like surprising you with it
like at a time where there's no
expectation coming from you he's like
boom more stuff like that's to me just
as obvious as it gets because the only
motivating factor for him is that he's
gonna get to see you smile like it's not
like you expected it or anything it's
just a sweet gesture
number seven is saying we instead of I
this one's just a really simple easy way
of telling that he more than likes you
he literally thinks the two of you as a
unit and if he says this before you're
officially boyfriend and girlfriend like
I'll tell you right now that's what he
wants number eight I miss slash missed
you this one kind of speaks for itself
but he's not afraid to let you know he
cares about you and more than that it
shows that he wants to see more of you
many thing no matter what hearing this
is a great sign but even better if like
not that much time has passed like if
it's been we're really busy month and
you aren't able to see each other then
like yeah of course he misses you but if
it's only been like a couple days this
guy is just crazy about you
don't know you but I don't really miss
someone unless it's depend like two or
three weeks at least
maybe I'm just anti-social number nine
is that he complements you in more
thoughtful ways not like you're high or
you're cool like if he actually tries to
explain through you know sentences why
he likes you what he likes about you
this is definitely not the first time
that he thought about it and if he's
doing this it's like a description that
can't apply to anyone else like it's
it's what makes you you
he's probably spent a lot of time
carefully thinking it over and it might
comfort you on things that you're
insecure over or praise things that
you're really proud of but it's like the
creme de la creme of compliments because
he's trying to praise the best parts of
you and also just to make you feel like
great he's just trying to make it clear
that you are special to him number ten
is that he talks about you to his
friends like a lot hey I've heard so
much about you if anyone he introduces
you to says that and we're assuming it's
in a good way and with like a smile and
not like uh hey see you the person he's
been talking about as long as it's not
that it means it's probably going on at
length about how excited he is that you
in my experience guys will tell their
good friends
basically everything but their families
not so much until it gets serious and
with either case it's a good sign unless
again it's not said with optimism and
positivity if it's like oh so you're
that girl not only is he not in love
with you
he probably hates you anyways that was
it for the video thank you all so much
for watching if you enjoyed it please
give it a big thumbs up also I just want
to give a huge shout out to the app mah
fav Eclipse for sponsoring today's video
if you don't already know mob have
eclipse is a free video editing app that
is available for both iOS and Android
it's perfect for people who are editing
on the go making YouTube videos or even
Instagram TV which is super helpful
because regular video editors do not
have a native preset for that I've been
playing with the app a little bit over
the last week and I found it super easy
to use and I actually edited
this outro with it and I actually found
it saved me time over what I would do on
my computer if you're interested in
creating some videos for yourself
I'll put a link in the description where
you can go and download it from the App
Store and as I said it's totally free
but there is an option if you would like
to upgrade to a paid version and that
just unlocks a bunch of cool
other features anyway tell me the
comments things you've noticed you do
when you're in love with someone let me
know down below with my last video I
asked what were some habits that you
have that you're embarrassed to admit so
those are the comments that's on screen
right now and just remember if you want
to get featured as well at the in my
next video make sure that you leave a
comment right now and maybe I'll feature
you I want to give a huge Instagram
shout-out to chef sweepy I'm not totally
sure what your name is but you come into
my latest pic saying that I look like
Batman which who doesn't wanna look like
Batman also taissa who literally liked
every single pic of mine Wow
you got time on your hands thank you so
much and lastly I want to shout out Ruby
who commented on a pic saying that I am
the most handsome man alive which set me
up to say are the other ones
all dead so I'm kind of patting myself
in the back here but for the set up you
get a shout out if you want your
Instagram shout it out the end of my
next video make sure you're following me
on Instagram I add is just Andrew quo I
post a bunch of stuff on there and yeah
if you want to get feature all you got
to do is like a bunch of my pics you
know leave some comments and maybe I'll
choose you for my next video
finally subscribe to me for more videos
and if you want more advice right now
click over here and you can get some and
with all that being said I'll see you
next time peace
