have you ever suspected that your friend
likes you as more than just a friend or
alternatively do you have feelings for a
friend and you're not sure if they like
you back it is a super awkward situation
of being because on one hand if you
confess your feelings and everything
goes absolutely terribly and they don't
reciprocate the feelings it could ruin
your friendship with them and I don't
know maybe it'll ruin your friendship as
our friend group you know it could it
could do a lot of damage but on the
other hand how great would it be to date
this person you're already good friends
you know all this stuff about each other
you get along so well relationship is
pretty much guaranteed to be a really
good one if they like you back and well
I definitely think that you should not
spend your entire life wondering whether
or not they like you and they you should
just have a conversation with them
before you take that plunge there are
some signs that you can look out for
signs that if the two of you do them it
is way more likely that they like you
back and of course if you watch this
video and your friend and you do not do
any of these things then chances are the
feelings are not reciprocated not
necessarily but it's not looking good
and hey at least you can start to move
on and not have to have a super awkward
conversation anyway let's just get right
into it here are signs that you're more
than friends so really good sign that
there's more than just friendship here
at least to start is that you're texting
non-stop texting is one of those things
that totally completely shows how much
you like someone just by texting them
and how often you text them and how
quickly you are to reply good friends
for example I will text back right away
and sometimes it'll lead to some funny
banter or whatever but at least for me
and I think for a lot of guys it never
goes from night till the next day I mean
do me wrong I love my friends but I
don't feel the need to be in constant
communication with them but a friend
that I'm into is a totally different
story any girl that I like I would be
stoked to text before bed and stoked to
wake up to find more texts so if the two
of you text all the time
it might mean you're more than friends
another good sign that sexual tension is
in the air is that they don't refer to
you as a friend and
when I say they don't refer to you as a
friend I don't mean like you are not my
friend or anything that means that
you're not actually friends
what I mean is when they introduce you
if you meet their parents or one of the
friends they even met before if their
introductions anything like this is Jane
what they might be doing is trying not
to label what the two of you are because
if he were to introduce you like oh this
is my friend Jane that would tell you
that you're just friends and they're
just happy with that and I know this
sounds like a really subtle thing to do
but this actually happens all the time
like if I go out on one date with a girl
and I happen to bump into a friend on
the street this girl is not my
girlfriend so I'll just say hey this is
her name but it means they've at least
considered being something more and one
of the best signs that no amount of
tying each other's shoes will stop the
two of you from falling is that you just
know everything about each other and I'm
talking about like the really obscure
stuff that regular friends don't know
that could be birthdays parents names
what your dream job is or where your
grandparents are from anything that you
hold near and dear they know it and you
know theirs and doing me wrong friends
know a lot of this stuff sure but they
probably don't go out of their way to
remember it it doesn't linger with them
because a lot of the time at least to
them it's not super important maybe that
just makes me a terrible friend
but I don't know the exact day for a lot
of my friends birthdays I usually know
the month
and maybe for a few of them you know I
know the exact day but not many of them
and if someone likes you enough to want
to be more than friends I can guarantee
that a lot more this information will
stay with them as opposed to just a
friend so if they can recite your life
story back to you it's at least a damn
good sign the next sign that your bro is
also your ho is that the two of you go
on dates that aren't really dates and
what I mean by that is you go on dates
if it was the exact same situation but
with a stranger off tinder it would be a
date quite clearly maybe it's going to
movies together or you know one-on-one
trips to the mall or going over to one
person's place to play video games or
watch Netflix because you're friends and
I've been friends for a while it's kind
of muddy or water but if you like your
friend this is a really good sign for
sure because it means that they at least
really appreciate it alone time with you
you're both super important
each other which is good but also
terrifying because if feelings get
involved in there the stakes are so much
higher if they're not reciprocated so
because this point is a good sign that
there's more going on but not quite a
guarantee my next and last point in this
video should really help lock it in
voici on is it the two of you even
though you're really close friends have
had moments you know moments where you
can just cut the sexual tension in the
air with a knife maybe you're cold and
there's only one blanket or maybe it's
some really prolonged eye contact or
just anything really where you kind of
just feel something weird happened like
that was way more than a friend moment
you know when you've had one of these
and as much as you might want to brush
it off as uh that was nothing it
probably wasn't nothing if you think
something happened then may probably
think something happened to but both of
you're just too shy and worried to
actually acknowledge it and you know
take a step board and if you're sitting
around wondering if something that you
did was you know one of these moments
good news it probably was so
congratulations
honestly if after watching this video
you are still not sure whether or not
your friend and you are more than that
let me know why in the comments below
let me know if things are going on maybe
they'll be enough content to make a
video just about the comments here so
please comment down below anyways that
was it for today thank you so much for
watching if you enjoyed it please let me
know but giving it a big ol thumbs up
also tell me in the comments any
experiences you've had with friends that
you're not sure if you're just friends
or if there's more I just want to hear
about experiences in general down below
so comment that last week I asked for
things I might have missed that y'all
think that guys care about so on screen
right now are some of my favorite
comments from that video and remember if
you want to be featured at the end of
next week's video make sure that you
leave in a comment down below now so
that I can feed you you only have a huge
Instagram shout out to Alexis who has
been following me for a long time and
who have met and hung out with on
multiple occasions and she's amazing and
I miss her Alexis I love you I hope I
get to see you again soon also Rachel
who just liked a recent pic and finally
Tory who also just liked a recent pic
but I've also seen like Loki liking
photos for a while now so thank you I
appreciate all that you do so make sure
you go follow those three and if you
want a little Instagram shadow at the
end of my next video make sure that you
follow me on instagram my hat is just
andrew quote the link will be in
description down below so you can click
that and then you know just like and
comment on some photos or whatever be
active on there and maybe I'll choose
you to be shouted out at the end of my
next video finally subscribe to me for
more videos and make sure you hit that
little bow notification so that you
never miss an upload and what's about
being said I'll see you next week peace
