hey guys so before I was this relatively
confident semi experienced adult sitting
here before you I was kind of an awkward
mess
puberty had struck me down hard and when
I was 13 years old talking to girls was
a terrifying thought two years prior no
problem
two years after no problem but I was in
this sweet spot when I was 13 and I was
a mess high school was about to start
and I was spending my summer at camp
living the closest thing you can get to
an adult life at that age it was pretty
sweet I mean we were free to do what we
wanted most of the time and this being
my first time at stay-away camp and
therefore my first real taste of freedom
I want to make it the best summer ever
and to a 13 year old boy that meant
getting my first kiss now a lot of the
guys of my cabin had already kissed
girls I mean so they said they told me
about all of the raging sexual antics
and I completely believed it not really
realizing that they were definitely
making stuff up and so I was like Stacy
loosen you go super rockin bod and our
makeout session so dope but I just think
I'm a little too mature for you then
what happened that's when things got
really awkward because then her mom
walks in and her and I start making out
and Stacy's just left watching anyways
these guys were my go-to for advice they
basically taught me how to flirt talk to
girls everything not that any of it
really helped because I was still
painfully awkward
luckily my cabin mates had friends that
were girls it's got me talking to them
and help me warm up the confidence I
need to smooch some lips later one of
the girls I've been talking to his name
was Stephanie and she was a fox I
thought that we had really hit it off
and all my friends were pushing me to
make a move so one day we're hanging out
sitting next to each other on this bench
and I think to myself now is my time and
then I proceeded to bust out one of the
greatest moves that I've ever pulled
yeah I put my arm around her and hey
before you laugh I was 13
that was basically like second days can
I just say no we went to second base a
lot my arm might as well have been glued
to that girl's shoulder like at first I
was super pumped about it but then it
just sort of became something that we
did all the time but then I thought like
maybe he's just sleeping so um so he dug
him up and my parents were very happy
about that
so a week or so goes by and I start
realizing that I'm not really getting
any closer to kissing her this bothered
me my cabin mates told me that when a
girl wants you to kiss her
you'll just know okay well I definitely
didn't know maybe it's just cause I'm
really oblivious maybe I should just go
for it and see what happens so at night
after a dance that just happened guys
were allowed to walk the girls back to
their section and this is when I thought
I'd make my move so I walked her back
and when we got to her section we just
sort of sat on the grass and hung out
for a bit as we were talking I started
trying to like give her signs to let her
know that I wanted to kiss her it was
super subtle and lo and behold I didn't
end up kissing her she wouldn't look
directly at me she leaned away when I
leaned in it was just a hardcore shut
down okay you know what that's fine I'll
just work up to it there's still plenty
of camp time left only thing is the next
day when I tried talking to her she was
ignoring me and I don't mean like the
occasional you know subtly kind of
playing cold sort of thing like
completely ignoring me acknowledge me
this wasn't just for like an hour or a
day this lasted the next week and our
camp time was running out I was so
excited to get my first kiss and I kind
of started losing hope but I've always
been a stubborn kid and I came to the
conclusion that if she wasn't gonna kiss
me someone else will oh sorry Stephanie
and things just aren't working out there
another girl that I knew that was way
easier to talk her name was Simone and
she had been kissing dudes for years now
she was good friends with a lot of the
guys in my cabin so it was literally as
easy as hey you're friends with Simone
right yeah cool
tell her I like her okay and then the
very next day hey do you like me yeah
okay
so Simone takes me by the hand and walks
me over to this log where we sit
directly across from each other and then
she just sort of leans in and goes for
it okay so I didn't even know that
putting your tongue in someone else's
mouth was a thing and Here I am with one
mouth and two tongues in it I wasn't
sure if I was supposed to like fight
back or just let her do her thing and
after a few minutes of this she asked me
is this your first time kissing someone
excuse me what do I look like some sort
of like virgin child some sort of like
sheltered little bit you know what I'm
out of here I'm sick you got the nerve
of some people anyways with that out of
the way camp was free to end on the bus
ride home
all my friends talked about is how
Simone told everyone I was a bad kisser
you guys can just have your fun I was a
man now and I had no time for such
childish games
so anyways that was a story of how I got
my first kiss honestly this story was
kind of hard for me to tell because of
how cringe-worthy it was so if you
enjoyed it let me know by giving this
video a big thumbs up but I want to hear
from you guys what was your first kiss
like and if you haven't had one yet what
do you want it to be like let me know in
the comments below and I'm looking
forward to reading your stories make
sure that you're subscribe to me because
I make new videos kind of consistently
and with all that being said I'll see
you guys next week
