insecurities are easily the biggest
problem that people deal with in their
daily life if no one had any
insecurities we'd be unstoppable we can
do anything because no one would doubt
themselves and you know hurt themselves
so much that they don't even want to try
and I have messages on Twitter and
Instagram all the time about people just
telling me about how much they hate some
of their insecurities and assuming that
every other person you know thinks
poorly of them in hates those same
insecurities so today I wanted to help I
have compiled a list of a bunch of
insecurities that people have coming to
me saying that they felt bad about to
tell you that these are things that guys
don't care about obviously the person
you want most to appreciate all of the
things about yourself and to not care
about insecurities is yourself but I'm
hoping maybe with this video
knowing that guys don't care about it
might help you take steps towards you
yourself not caring about these
insecurities so hopefully this video can
help you rest a little easier knowing
that some problems are more in your head
then they aren't real problems I think
everyone needs to hear that once in a
while so here's five things that guys
don't care about in girls number one
height this is probably one of the
biggest ones that have noticed a lot of
girls are insecure about and honestly
there's no reason to be insecure here I
understand why as a short girl you'd
want to be a few inches taller or as a
tall girl you want to be a few inches
shorter I've heard both sides but truth
is you are the height that you are
there's nothing that you can do about
that I mean sure you can wear heels or
you know flats or whatever but you are
where you are and just from a guy's
perspective you know we don't have a
preference even if you know a guy who
says like oh so I only do tall girls and
I've never heard a guy say that but if
for some reason you know someone who
said that I've never seen a guy be like
yeah I like her but she was too short or
oh I like her but she was too tall like
literally I've never heard that if a guy
likes a girl height doesn't matter and
it just seems crazy to me because short
girls always want to be taller and tall
girls want to be shorter it's one of
those things where I don't think anyone
is really happy and that sucks that
sucks and if you're cool that's all that
matters number two past
boyfriends and hookups and this is a
really broad thing to say it can it can
mean a lot of things maybe you're
insecure about the number of people that
you've been with either dated or hooked
up with be it that you think it's too
many people and that that's gonna see
our guys off or it's too little people
and that you're you know inexperienced
or maybe there was a terrible
relationship that you've had and you
know the effects of it are still with
you and so the next time you do date
someone you want things to be different
either way and I mean this in the most
respectful of ways we don't care your
past is just that it's your past and you
are who you are
and if a guy really likes you he'll be
patient with you and respectful and
he'll want you to be you know I you're
most comfortable when you're with him
regardless of what that takes please if
you haven't dated much no one is gonna
be turned off by that be like well she
didn't know the code of dating like
that's if anything refreshing because
you know you're gonna be more sincere
and that's a benefit guys don't go out
of our way to only date girls who are
super experienced it's not even
something that we think about all we
care about is that we like the girl and
on the other side of that if you've
dated time great you are experienced
we're not gonna think that you're like a
 or anything just because you've
like dated or and that's not a problem
maybe if while we're dating you hook up
with all of our friends then sure but
you know what that's also really just
being a crappy girlfriend but just being
experienced that's a good thing number
three cellulite and this is one that I
understand why it would be an insecurity
and even if the guy that you like
doesn't care I can still see why it
would bother you and the reason that I
know that is because us guys have body
and securities as well and there's no
amount of reassurance that will just
completely get rid of them forever but
at the end of the day it still does feel
good to hear that somebody likes you for
you and honestly honestly from the
bottom of my heart
guys don't even notice cellulite as I
said we have our own body issues and I
am
99% confident that you don't notice them
I mean in what world when you see more
skin from someone do you start going hmm
I don't like that or that or that
like never by the time you're at that
point you know that you like the person
and nothing's gonna bug you what's most
important here is that you just don't
let these insecurities control you and
stop you from loving your body and
feeling yourself because if you let your
insecurities control you nobody's gonna
be happy before on this list is sweating
but this just in girls are human beings
what no what we don't want you to
pretend that you don't sweat that's just
straight-up lying
I mean you know if you are absolutely
drenched in sweat
you know wear deodorant and take showers
every once in a while but aside from
that there's nothing to be insecure
about here and even if you sweat a lot
my only concern is that you must go
through a lot of laundry detergent and
that must get expensive but you know
what I'm not turned off by it
you're probably actually healthier than
me and probably have amazing skin
because sweating is really good for you
so hey I'm jealous I like weirdly don't
sweat that much I ran a 10k race and
didn't have sweat stains it's we I don't
know what's going on my body it I must
be incredibly unhealthy or something but
point is don't let the insecurities of
being sweaty get in the way of you
enjoying your life and lastly number
five if girls make the first move and I
personally don't understand why this is
something that girls get insecure about
in general guys are not bothered by this
and in fact I find it more attractive
like it really shows confidence to
approach a guy guys are so used to
making the first move and it's really
refreshing to find a girl who's willing
to do that I really have no clue why
girls are insecure about this I don't
know if you've met a guy who's super
turned off by this none of my friends
have ever said that this bother them but
in my opinion any guy who's turned off
by a girl's showing that level of
confidence must be a pretty damn
insecure guy but you know as I just said
all my friends are not turned off by
that so hey happy hunting anyway that
was eight for today's video thank you
guys so much for watching and actually
had a way longer list
for this video and just because I didn't
want there's video to get too long let
me know if y'all want a sequel to this
video by giving it a thumbs up if we can
give this video to 5,000 thumbs up I'm
gonna make that happen also let me know
in the comments if there's anything that
you're insecure about guys caring about
things that I might have missed and you
know if it's something that I haven't
written down from my next video then
I'll add it to that list I just want to
make sure that I get all the points that
y'all want and yeah just let me know
that down below last week I asked y'all
what you tell your friends when you have
the hots for someone and so on screen
right now are my favorite comments from
that video and just remember if you want
to be featured at the end of my next
video leave a comment down below and
maybe I'll feature you I just want to
give a huge Instagram shout out to
Nepali sorry if I mispronounced that
first spam in the hell out of that
little like button on my photos and also
just for being a new follower thank you
welcome I hope that you like and miss
photos of me also to Lindsay for Loki
roasting me actually in one of the
comments on one of my photos but you
know what I had a laugh I thought it was
funny I can take it so thanks for that
and finally Melanie who I don't really
have a better reason she liked the photo
of mine so bada boom bada bing it's not
that hard all the time
the criteria really isn't that big here
people so go follow those three and if
you want a little Instagram shadow at
the end of my next video make sure
you're following me on Instagram my aunt
is just Andrew quo the link will also be
in the description down below and yeah
all you got to do is like and comment on
a bunch of my pictures and bada-boom
bada-bing you've got yourself a shout
out finally subscribe to me for more
videos I make them every week turn on
the little notification bell if you
haven't already so you never miss an
upload that's why and with all that
being said I'll see you next week
peace
