hey guys so before I start this video I
just wanted to take a minute to say that
I just hit 100,000 subscribers on my
youtube channel and that's completely
insane I honestly can't thank you all
enough I've been making videos on
YouTube for over 6 years and if you told
me a year ago that I'd be here I would
honestly think you were crazy anyways
today I thought I would do something a
little different from what I usually do
and introduce you all it's my husky
puppy Blu Blu come here this is not
gonna be easy okay so he's a little bit
bigger than most puppies and maybe he's
a little bit older he said but look at
this guy
he's a puppy still and he knows it when
I first got him he was just a few months
old and my dad said that I could name
him and he had one brown eye and one
blue eye and so I thought it'd be cool
today I've been blue you know like in
Blue's Clues
so shortly after I found out that blue
from Blue's Clues is a girl but whatever
it's a dope name and I think we both
like it so that's all that matters
anyways ever since I was a little kid I
wanted to have a pet husky because
Huskies look like wolves and wolves are
awesome they're just beautiful majestic
beasts and blue gears a little less than
graceful does he know any tricks I mean
he knows the basics but uh he's not the
smartest blueberry on the tree do
blueberries even grow on trees I don't
know so just to get this clear blue
everything you own for this one dog
treat you win
all right good doing business with you
so after making that deal I was a little
concerned because you know this guy here
he's a reflection of me I mean we grew
up together if he's dumb then that would
make me dumb I mean come on look at me
I'm a genius okay so I thought today it
would be a better time than ever to test
this guy's IQ and hopefully to have
improved to me that he's just playing
dumb to pick up babes
isn't that right blue do not disappoint
me so I found an IQ test online for dogs
and we're basically just gonna see how
well he does and he's basically the
faster he reacts in each situation the
more points he gets and they're all out
of three let's begin so the first test
that we're gonna do is put this towel on
his head and see how long it takes him
to get it off according to the test a
smart dog will get this done in under 15
seconds a average dog would be in under
30 seconds and well a dumb dog would
take more than thirty three two one go
blue you can do it I believe in you Oh
Oh in 29 seconds blue I'm proud of you I
was honestly a lot better than I
expected
okay so for the next test I'm gonna be
putting a treat under this towel and
we're gonna see how long it takes him to
get it again if it's under 15 seconds
he's smart
if it's under 30 seconds he's average
and if it's over 30 seconds then well we
got an idiot on our hands do you want it
blue okay
go get the treat blue go get the treat
look get the treat okay there's
somewhere under there blue kill fight
through it that's not gonna work so
we're over 30 seconds the treat is still
under here blue I'm gonna show you where
it is blue there it is TIA he failed
that test so for this last test what I'm
gonna do is put a treat under one of
these cups and show blue which one is
blue blue it's under this Cup okay it's
under this Cup so now I'm gonna take him
to the other room and play with him for
30 seconds and when he comes back we're
gonna see if he has any long-term memory
so let's seal this Gus
so it's three points if he comes back in
his first choice is the right one it's
two points if it's the second guess and
it's one point if he screws it up real
bad can we get the tree you picked the
right one that's that's where it matters
so the results are in and with an
astounding six out of nine blue is
officially drumroll please
average he's a he's pretty average he
passed
if only barely he just got by he's like
me when I was a student I guess I do see
the similarities but as your father blue
I still expect better of you you
disappoint me
I don't like father like son am i right
anyway thank you for watching this video
if you enjoyed it please give it a big
pop up you don't get it anyways let me
know in the comments whether you're a
dog person a cat person or any other
animal I mean for me obviously my mind's
made up
ain't that right blue yeah yeah same I
love you blue eye I love you make sure
you're subscribed to me as I make new
videos weekly and with all that being
said I'll see you guys blue do this with
me blue next week
