hey guys today we're over my good friend
Kirby and we're talking earlier about
you know gender stereotypes and stuff
and we thought it'd be fun if we did
like a friendly competition to see you
know stereotypical guys things reverse
girl things and who's better at what
we're going to be doing three challenges
that are steered typically guys and
three things that are stereotypically
girls and the whole thing is gonna be
judged by Connor here I was coming I
suppose to be very objective and not
side with guys the first thing we're
gonna do something that guys are
stereotypically really good at chugging
water okay do it you guys ready no okay
get set go maybe I'll win the girl ones
so the next one we're going to be doing
is a stereotypical
girl type thing and we're going to be
making in the beds because the girls are
nice and neat and boys are smelly and
stupid we have 30 seconds to accomplish
this and I know that my bed is gonna be
the best thing you know I don't make my
bed out pumpkin sit go she's ants one
second stop right here we have Kirby's
bed yes and right here we have Andrews
bed and by the looks of it
Kirby's missing two pillows I'm all for
and both the sheet and the comforter so
yeah so another thing that guys do
probably a little more than girls it's
freestyle rap I have no confidence in
this one so I'm ready
yeah all right so we're both gonna take
turns freestyling and Mike is trying to
freestyle and I guess whoever has the
best flow wins my name is Andrew quo and
you don't even know people be mad cuz
I'm spitting mad flow I got lots of
money and I don't know hey yo box K here
what did you try rapid
HAC make it back boom black yo I'm here
and I'm sitting on the bed I'm saying
these rhymes gonna mess with your head
because my rap desires continue like a
fire is gonna take you in and I know I'm
gonna win because I am the boss here and
in turn son so how much you give me some
coffee yeah go on that run oh don't make
your answer yet but then I just respect
the pep you hear thanks Kirby I hate to
tell you but I think andrew is awesome
alright alright alright girls are
stereotypically better at anything
flexible like cheerleading or a dance or
gymnastics and yoga so we're gonna do
some yoga pose loose so now we ourselves
and we are going to do with three yoga
poses so whoever has the best form when
the connors going to be touching you so
get your flexibility on wearing skinny
jeans let's see how this goes the first
one that we have to do your leg and
Andrew was the winner hell yeah I'm
gonna make more money with it yoga pose
number two is we take the back up and
Kirby wins no time for yoga pose number
three we gotta get on the floor my
friend
good sorry I drew Kirby's got got so
something that guys are all you know
known for is work it out
and what better workout could we do then
planking let's get our six-pack on so
now we're gonna see who can hold a plank
for longer and I can only say that I'm
guaranteed to win this Sunday I've been
in cheerleading dance and gymnastics and
we had to do this for a long time
you think so I want a pretty nice bad
thank word for somebody who's about to
lose I bet it to lose shut up ready set
go
I'm gonna do my shirt go taco he's
actually got way harder to do which I
carpet is like he'll do yeah human
really yeah I'm tired I could have gone
longer but I'm tired why would you do
that she gave up at like 35 I know I saw
this last week so she's a quitter I was
right I talked to a camera I don't work
out lastly girls are actually really
good at folding clothes I mean you
usually see us working in department
stores all it's definitely love fashion
but we're gonna say we can fold the
clothes the best there's no skill of
pulling clothes like I'm not worried at
all so basically what we're going to do
now is we are going to fold all these
clothes with a 15 second interval of
time
that's so here we go already
yeah get set go
stop Oh
considering that Kirby has more done I
think are you sure
all right so that was the video we both
won yeah
fairly but I want your opinion who do
you think really won leave that in the
comments below if you say me then I'll
follow you on twitter holy that's valid
I can do what I want okay
okay make sure you give this video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and also
make sure that you go check out the
video that we did on Kirby's channel and
if you're from my tale make sure to
subscribe to this guy right here because
it's really awesome I know and also
subscribe to Kirby when you go see her
video and I guess with all that being
said I'll see you guys next week
