hey guys so when the average person gets
a compliment it's usually something like
oh they're pretty they're cute they're
hot they have a really great personality
I'm just kidding that doesn't matter
what they very rarely say is that person
sexy yes as we all know being sexy is
single-handedly the most important thing
that anyone could ever respire for but
how does one obtain this sexy lucky
you've got sex king god master andrew
here to help answer that question a lot
of wrong people are of the belief that
some people can't be sexy and they're
wrong you could be a three-eyed fish
dying in a puddle but with the right
moves
you'd be covered in babes or other dying
three-eyed fish this was a weird example
anyways without further ado let's get
the sexy party started shall we
the first step to being a sexy sex God
is to dress like a sexy sex God
yeah too sexy alright now that's more
like it I've worn the same dress shirt
three days in a row
smell that that's power its power Daniel
you wouldn't understand and if you
really want to be sexy sexy clothes go
really well with dr turin he was right i
smell really bad nothing sexier than
smelling good the next step to making
people worship you is to have a sexy
voice you look sexy but now you gotta
sound six fellas that means making your
voice as deep as possible and ladies
that means making as high as possible
and stop saying things like that's cool
you look good
I feel alright and start replacing every
adjective you use with sexy hey Dad
check out this trophy I just got playing
baseball that's sexy okay well what do
you uniform I think it's more of a
t-shirt than anything I think it looks
sexy uh okay well that's a little weird
but uh hey are you feeling okay you know
you don't look too good oh I feel kind
of sexy me all right now you both look
and sound sexy and while you might have
some fooled true sexiness comes from
acting sexy
now some people are gonna tell you that
real sexiness comes from confidence and
a nice
miles and they're right but if you
wanted solid advice you you shouldn't be
watching my videos now the secret is to
make every little thing that you do sexy
eating food eat it
sexually drinking drink drink is sexily
tying shoe Hyatt sexily wearing glasses
wear them sexually I think you get the
point
and uh that's how you well you're sexy
now anyways I hope you enjoyed this
video if you did let me know by giving
you a big thumbs up leave a comment
letting me know your tips on being sexy
I want to know what you find sexy in
other people let me just give you some
stuff to work with
now there's no excuse not to leave a
comment subscribe to me if you haven't
already as I'm making new videos every
Tuesday and Friday and with all that
being said I'll see you guys next week
stay sexy
