hey so a few months ago I put out a
video called dumb things guys do and a
lot of people requested a video for the
opposite sex you know this is coming and
before we begin some people are gonna
watch this and say Andrew guys can do
those things too well uh duh it's not
like I'm gonna make a video saying guys
you know it's just so annoying
childbirth like no these are things that
anybody could do I just happen know a
lot of girls that do them so uh let's
begin being indecisive a lot of girls do
this I honestly don't know why I bother
asking for ideas of things to do from
some girls when I already know I'm not
gonna get an answer and some people
justify it like well you know I don't
know you too well so I don't want to say
anything that you're gonna judge me for
I'm judging you more now if anything
when you're indecisive I'm gonna make a
decision oh you don't know what you want
to do for our date well uh we're going
hunting hope you want to kill something
cute and innocent today because that's
what we're gonna do not accepting
compliments
maybe you're self-conscious or maybe
you're fishing for compliments either
way just say thank you and then it'll be
over with I don't have to fight you to
give you a compliment just take it you
look good today are you implying that I
don't look good every other day you know
what yeah that's exactly what I'm
implying being fake I've seen it happen
a lot of times where if you don't like
someone you don't try and keep them out
of your life and you don't confront them
about what's bothering you no no no you
act super nice and then talk shit the
minute that they leave or with anything
like if I buy you a gift and you don't
tell me that you don't like it then how
am I supposed to know and you know maybe
you're trying to be nice but no one's
gonna learn from that in ten years I
could still be getting you the same
shitty birthday present and I will never
know until you say something reading too
much into things when I tell you
something I don't think to myself she'll
know what I meant by that she'll know
that I meant the complete opposite of
what I said no when I say something it's
what I mean unless I'm lying to you but
don't read into that anyway cuz it's my
business what Cheryl from last time I'm
not thinking about Santa Claus we have
sex God
and lastly being dramatic this is
literally the worst thing that's ever
happened if I don't pass this test my
life is over I have a cold and oh my god
I'm literally dying all that being
dramatic accomplishes is making
everything a bigger deal than it
actually is
it's dumb and I don't like dealing with
it I will deal with it but very
half-heartedly she's the biggest bitch
I've ever met on the face of the planet
she uh she sounds like a bitch I
really want to stab her in her stupid
face you should do that I think that
that would solve your problem you're
coming to me to play along with your
drama coming to the wrong guy like what
do you want me to say hold on you think
she's a bitch too I've literally been
saying that for the past ten decades I
wouldn't get my hopes up anyways that
was the video if you enjoyed it make
sure that you give it a thumbs up to let
me know so I want to know what you guys
think do you agree with the points I
made this video do you disagree
are there more dumb things that girls do
that I forgot to mention let me know in
the comments below subscribe to me if
you haven't already as I make new videos
every Tuesday and Friday with all that
being said I'll see you guys next week
