do you ever wonder what guys talk about
when you're not around or maybe how a
dude talks to his friends about the girl
that he likes since you can never
actually be there for that conversation
there's no real way of knowing for sure
but I'm hoping that this video could
help clear things up a little bit so
today I'm gonna be explaining basically
how guys think and act around their
friends when it comes to the girl they
like so first thing you gotta realize is
that guys are very different from girls
in this regard when a girl might open up
about how a date went in detail
generally guys keep a little more of it
to themselves but that's not always the
case if a guy was very excited or
nervous for the date or if it ended up
going surprisingly well or if he found
something out about you that he really
likes things like that will have him
bringing up specific parts of the date
but when a guy talks about a date it's
almost always about the girl not the
actual date don't get me wrong it's
great to go on great dates and to do
really fun things but when it's all said
and done at the end of the day what the
guy is gonna most think about and talk
about is the girl now if a guy's really
into a girl another thing that might
happen is that his friends might tease
him it really depends on the situation
and who the friends are and how close
friends they are but in my experience
generally when this happens it's kind of
a good thing
well usually from what I've seen and
experienced it's used to nudge a friend
into making a move that he might be a
little too shy to do for example
something comes to mind that just
happened not too too long ago with a
good friend of mine who kept hanging out
with this girl one-on-one two of them
were hanging out like peas in a pod they
couldn't be apart and they never kissed
or officially talked about it but
clearly sparks were flying and he was
just way too nervous to do anything
about it so I made fun of him a little
bit I said that she was essentially
being his babysitter which you know he's
he was 23 at the time so clearly that's
not the case but it was it was like a
little let her jet he wasn't crazy about
me saying that he wasn't very happy
about
but he went the next day to go talk to
her and they ended up dating for like a
year so you're welcome sometimes people
just need a little push to do something
that they want to do as long as it comes
from a place of love point is teasing a
guy about someone that he's into is
pretty common with guys even though it
might seem a little mean it's usually
met with good intentions so once again
seeing a girl consistently odds are that
sooner or later he's gonna take her to
see his friends and I mean this can
happen anytime I don't know after a date
or two after weeks of dating or after
months if it's on the earlier side of
things he might not have mentioned to a
lot of his friends that he's into this
girl and so he'll do little things to
let his friends know that she is more
than just a friend basically he's just
trying to let his friends know that
you're off-limits and he'll do this in a
number of ways maybe he'll have his arm
around you a lot or want to hold your
hand a lot or have a lot of one-on-one
conversations even though there's a
bunch of your friends around you just
have a lot of one-on-ones and stuff like
that and this is all just to make it
crystal clear that he wants his friends
to follow the bro code I'm sure that
you've all heard of the bro code whether
or not you know exactly what it is and
well it's not a real list of things that
you have to follow there's definitely an
implied list of things that you do to be
good friend and honestly to be quite
frank the bro code can totally apply to
girls too it's just called the bro code
but it's rules of being a good friend
and honestly I pride myself on being an
excellent friend so you guys are about
to learn from the best anyway in general
if one guy shows up to a group hang with
one girl the implied rule is that she is
with him don't hit on her and that's
definitely not always the case
like they can just bring a girl who's
just their friend but if you're
interested in her if you think she's
pretty or if you've been talking and you
feel like it might be flirting you got
to talk to him and find out what's going
on before you make a move and also just
in general see if he's okay with that
maybe nothing's going on with them but
he likes her and he's trying to impress
her with like all of his super cool
friends
and it would not help that to just try
and hit on her all of a sudden you know
I mean like be a good friend try and
help your friend
succeed and if she's not in them that's
a totally different thing women if that
happens and sometimes it gets more
complicated than that because there are
times where the guy won't admit that
he's into the girl but if you're a
really good friend like I am you can
kind of tell the reason I'm getting so
specific is that something like this
actually happened to my group of friends
and it almost ruined everything
basically long story short a friend
brought a girl that he really liked and
had never talked to her about it and
wasn't sure if she liked him back
brought her to a bar where we had a
bunch of other friends and she got very
drunk and started hitting on a different
friend and so I had to step in and tell
that other friend
hey don't hook up with her don't do
anything it's just it's gonna devastate
our other friend here and I'm really
close with him I know that you're not as
close with him but like for my sake
please like don't do that I mean no get
me wrong this girl has the right to
flirt and date and do whatever with
whoever but I don't want her to hurt two
of my friends friendship so that's why I
got involved if she wanted any other guy
in that bar wouldn't a cared but that's
where I wanted to step in honestly I
just wanted to do whatever I could to
make sure that if everyone's at least if
everyone can't be happy that at least
they're not miserable in my personal
opinion if you're someone who doesn't
see anything wrong with trying to hook
up with someone that your friend likes
maybe a friend's ex or sibling or
anything like that and you don't talk to
them and get permission or anything like
that ahead of time then you're just
being a bad friend and that definitely
violates the bro code hell I think it's
weird to even try and ask when they
might be uncomfortable with it it's a
weird situation to be in there's so many
other people out in the world that you
could date and do whatever with do you
really need to go for people that you
know could be sensitive to your friend
anyway I'm getting pretty far off topic
here so let's just move on if things get
pretty serious between you and a guy
odds are he will start spending more and
more time with you which is great but
while those friends probably won't admit
it they might start getting jealous if
they start seeing so much less of him
I'm sure that you've all heard the term
bros before hos and that's directly
relevant to what's going on here it's
basically a way of saying hey even if
you're in a relationship we still got to
hang out which to be honest sometimes is
a serious concern I have friends who've
gotten into relationships and I
literally don't see them again until
they're single and you know what it
sucks to lose a friend but at the end of
the day as long as they're happy
I understand but also this isn't always
the case at all I know tons of people
who are in super healthy happy
relationships and I see them all the
time and a lot of the time that means
that they're bringing their girlfriend
or their boyfriend to hang out and
that's awesome then we're all friends
truth is us guys usually prefer to have
less friends that we can trust with
anything as opposed to a ton of friends
who we can't really talk to so our
number one priority when a friend starts
being interested in a girl is to support
them a hundred percent but also keep
them grounded and to not lose a friend
anyways that was the video for today
thank you all so much for watching and
if you enjoyed it let me know by giving
it a big ol thumbs up also let me know
in the comments what you share with your
friends when you have a crush what do
you tell them how does that conversation
go down do just spill it right away or
do you not tell them for like a little
while I want to know a few weeks ago in
my last video I asked you all what are
some unattractive things that guys do
that turn you off and so on screen right
now are my favorite comments from that
video and remember if you want to get
your comment featured just leave one
down below and I will be featuring them
in next week's video I want to give a
huge Instagram shared out to jewel for
leaving a ton of comments on my latest
Instagram pic and look you wanted to
feature it and so here you go also sugar
cub baby I couldn't find your real name
who liked a ton of my photos you will
spam the hell out of me so thank you for
that if
the Emily who left a super funny comment
on my recent pic and I am just a sucker
for puns so there you go so make sure
that you go follow those three and if
you want a little Instagram shout it at
the end of my next video make sure that
you're following me my Instagram handle
is just andrew quell and the link will
also be in the description below so you
can check that out there and yeah all
that I look for is people who actively
comment and like stuff so do that and
I'll feature you finally subscribe to me
if you want more videos make sure you
click the little Bell notification to
never miss an upload and if you want
more advice check out right over here
there's some content there for you and
with all that being said I'll see you
next week actually this time not like
four weeks away I promise peace
