hey guys what's up I'm here in New York
for playlist live tri-state and I'm
chill with my boy t-bag so today we were
doing this someone's getting naked
challenge the way this game works is we
put a bunch of challenges in a hat and
we're gonna pull them out and do them
and if you lose one then you remove an
article of clothing so we were getting
naked in this hotel room right now okay
so let's begin I guess who can chug a
bottle of water the fastest I'm gonna
win this I destroy water huh that's
actually like really impressed that was
cool three two one bump that's a lot of
water oh you're gonna win this oh my
gosh I just opened up the throat oh yeah
I was like this is even making a lot of
sound like a drain I went into this with
too much College I'm starting to regret
it but I guess here we go okay
one article gone yeah I did not think
I'll get naked today I mean I knew was
gonna happen yeah this is pretty early
yeah alright next challenge it's already
I got it I know I just
it says lollipop that's where we like
we're gonna take three dum-dums because
somebody gave us a big bag of them
though a lollipop yeah we're gonna eat
these are they part of them yeah I've
got my plan alright so yes you have to
be fully swallowed right yeah and open
up your mouth and there's nothing in
here ready yeah
how are you so sticky
staying my teeth mm-hmm done ah well I
win
bambam should I go you're really trying
well things are getting heated
alright the rhyming game the rules of
this game we're gonna rock paper
scissors and whoever wins gets to choose
a word and then we go back and forth
rhyming it's not a big around board I'm
right right yeah if you can't rhyme it
then you lose and you have like two
seconds to think about it you can't
pause right
I win you win he's starting at auklets
before door whore more store core Lord
poor Shore chore more what stores know
he said that yeah I hit you go to
extreme yet oh those shoes you know what
just for you guys
oh you smell that
next one do it arm wrestle oh I get him
no for real no like oh let's get them
gone yeah whatever you ready I'm ready
my whole body's trimmer okay well um
more I won that so go me shirt time woo
I feel weird naked yeah
not there yet alright I get to pick the
laughing challenge okay so we're just
gonna sit each other stare each other
it's kind of like the don't blink or
whatever time just gonna look each other
first one - laughs good snake hey let's
do it
the book aware of it that's specially
hard to keep us my face cuz you're naked
you're coming at me as like don't know
that you're giving me signals no no you
had a moment and there goes there goes
the shirt well we that's we did it we
this is the video give this video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it I don't
usually do collab so deal like you know
oh but don't usually get naked with your
class either so I mean that's the first
is so we did a video on T backsies
channel where we talked about ending
relationships lick his face or they'll
be a thing at the end or link in the
description and go check him out and
subscribe to him he makes sweet vids
make sure you subscribe to me as I give
you a Tuesday and Friday
with all that being said I'll see you
guys next week
