hey so I'm currently in Wilmington North
Carolina visiting my sister and after
seeing this beautiful southern
countryside I had a thought
they don't bust out the champagne just
yet as incredible as that is let me just
explain first dick so this state is
considered southern right now I made the
mistake of referring to Arizona's part
of the south when I was visiting my
buddy Ryan Vallejo a year ago to which
he corrected me saying that no it's not
part of South that's saying that it was
was incorrect the south is made up of
the former Confederate States now as a
Canadian that kind of struck me the
wrong way because I thought no that's
the South East geographically Arizona
New Mexico even Southern California is
just as far south as every other
southern state and I will not stand for
that now what you're probably thinking
is Andrew who who even cares I mean this
is just semantics like it doesn't matter
I was born in semantics baby and I got a
lot more where that came from so today
we're talking about things that don't
make sense to me about the US and
they're all pretty dumb so because I was
just talking about Arizona I still got
some more to say on the place hi Arizona
look I'm a big fan of your tea so uh I
was in your state at a convenience store
and I asked for an iced tea and uh the
store clerk that that's son of a bitch
he had the nerve to ask me what kind
look I'm in Arizona this is the only
place I should not specify what kind I'm
disappointed in you which is mom for
Matt back in March I was in Philadelphia
which as we all know is the birthplace
of the Philly cheesesteak cream cheese
and the television show It's Always
Sunny in Philadelphia now that's it
but those are some proud accomplishments
you done good you done good Philly
anyway it's naturally while I'm in
Philly I'm gonna get a Philly
cheesesteak but I was most looking
forward to with seeing the menus refer
to the product as just a cheesesteak I
mean you're in Philly the rest should
just be implied and you know what I was
wrong
you know these places they have a once
in a lifetime opportunity to seize and
they just throw that away but I
gotta give credit where it's due when I
ordered cream cheese they brought me
fill down for your cream cheese so good
job there although let's be real here is
there even other brains of cream cheese
I'm just kidding obviously there's not
so America is the land of the free I
mean I'm from Canada and you know
technically we're free - and same goes
for a lot of other countries but we're
not referred to as the lane to the
fridge and I think it's because of your
national animal you know the animal that
you use to rep your set to represent
your stuff
the bald eagle it's badass and it is the
symbol of freedom so why is it in zoos
it should be roaming the country hunting
and killing whatever it wants it should
just like swoop down and grab someone's
Chihuahua and that person there wouldn't
be mad you just see this majestic
creature flying off and say to
themselves you see that that's freedom
right there fly you beautiful thing fly
on also I'm totally where they're
endangered so don't leave a comment
saying when go that wouldn't work like I
know
and lastly using the Imperial system of
measurement no I'm just kidding I don't
I don't do I'm not doing serious things
it's just not gonna happen
anyways uh those were some stupid things
that don't make sense to me about the US
thank you for watching and if you
enjoyed this video you should give it a
thumbs up the majority of my audience on
YouTube is American so uh shout outs to
you it's kind of like an obligation to
give this video a thumbs up leave a
comment tell me about something that you
don't understand about another country
for example Canada oh man the things
that some people have asked me about
Canada it's gold only the stupid things
that like like how Canadians have bagged
milk I don't want this to turn into a
discussion about the economy and
politics this is we're keeping it light
make sure that you subscribe to me as I
make new videos every Tuesday and Friday
and with all that being said I'll see
you guys next week also add me on
snapchat my name is Andrew quo
