hey so sometimes people forget that
Halloween is so soon and even though
it's their favorite holiday they don't
really have any sweet costumes ready to
go or maybe you just thought that you do
what you do every year and cry alone at
home but for the first time ever you're
actually invited to a party so you need
a costume that's not that doesn't I'm
not that's not what is not me you could
try your local costume shop but let's be
real those costumes suck
that's exactly why today I'm gonna be
showing you some last-minute costume
ideas from stuff that you probably just
have lying around your house now a
little side note here costumes these
days are very you know out-there very
specific and crazy these not so much so
to make it a hundred percent you got to
really commit to the character and be
that person let's do this so the first
costume is the bro you just need a
long-sleeve baseball shirt some
sunglasses and a snapback and you're
good to go
but wait a minute sunglasses at night
not a little douchey bro I just really
want to get my beer pong on are you
actually grilling me right now like for
real bonus points for giving everyone
you see a nickname regardless of their
actual name yo Dee Dee's how's it going
bro hey cha Chi what's going on buddy yo
the Dogu fire my man who are these
people yeah I honestly couldn't tell you
the next costume idea is something I
like to call the guy who likes Christmas
too much Merry Christmas
it's not Christmas happy holidays it's
just one holiday happy holiday I got you
a gift
you'll get gift for people on Halloween
I come on one little gift is nothing
a Christmas card really a Christmas card
yep yep thanks thank you for that that's
that's just wonderful next up is the
annoying gym rat two tank top and gym
shorts and you're good to go if we go
into a party and you're bringing your
own alcohol bring it in a Nalgene or any
water bottle that people would bring to
a gym just to really sell it then you
want to go around giving people tips on
everything they're doing while flexing
looks like you're having trouble with
that alcohol they're here let me see if
I can help
thanks see the trick is you want the to
mature for Halloween costume show up in
your classiest outfit I myself I got a
suit ladies you can wear a dress I don't
know whatever you want you need to act
as if you're better than everyone else
you need to use big words and you need
to announce your exits I'm off to use
the loo which is British for about to
take a massive and you want to be
drinking all your booze out of wine
glasses the classy way I'm about to be
getting what's the expression you kids
use these days ah yes turned upwards
haha the person who is just given up
this is really just a more disgusting
version of myself most at the time
because they say you're looking for
inspiration look within a tank top and
sweatpants is all you need but Crocs are
also good if you have them I would
suggest against a nice tank top because
we're gonna be doing some things to it
truly not caring means that you're okay
going out in public with stains on your
shirt
let's say mustard few drips all over
they just want to wipe it in make sure
it's there's day it's not going anywhere
now although I think we need some
barbecue sauce I like going for Diana
sauce because it looks like poo mixed
with blood almost like ketchup actually
I clearly do not care and lastly let's
put on some mayo sea mail is great
because it's always like is it mayo
is it really this mail also I believe is
expired which is uh even worse even
though your costumes already pretty
obvious to get into the character and
take it that extra mile whenever anybody
says something funny you want to kill
the room's vibe with something like I
haven't showered in three weeks do you
guys actually brush your teeth cuz I
don't I'm so alone what does that smell
like
anyways that was fun I hope that you got
inspired by these ideas neither are
gonna do them or gonna figure out
something else or maybe you just realize
that you wasted all this time either way
I win give this video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it that kind of thing really
means a lot and it would really help me
out leave a comment tell me what you're
gonna be for Halloween or if you're
watching this after Halloween what you
went dads I'm actually going to be
following people on Twitter who tweet me
pictures of the costume just because
it's the best holiday ever and I support
people just dressing up so tweet them to
me at Andrew quo and also make sure that
you're following me if you're not
already following me why why don't you
make sure you subscribe to me is that
making videos every Tuesday and Friday
with all that being said I'll see you
guys next week
you
