hey guys so today I'm gonna be tackling
a pretty big topic marijuana weed dad
Kush duh I haven't seen a lot of
vloggers talk about it which i think is
really weird because you see it at every
party and you smell at half of the time
you're downtown in pretty much any city
so unfortunately as I have only the one
life that I live
I can only grow up in one place so my
experiences are all you know from what
I've seen but based on that I think that
the majority of teenagers or people in
their 20s like me will at some point be
around weed if you attend parties then
it's highly probable that someone there
will have it not kids parties with like
parents and loot bags and got it
mister pics you know of adult parties
alright that now it sounds like an orgy
my point is that weed is everywhere in
school we're taught that marijuana is a
gateway drug which in some regard is
true but it simplifies the whole issue
to it simple if you smoke weed you're
gonna be the key to meth
which is just not the case it's it's
dumb so because of the lack of education
that we get on in I have some friends
that were totally against it for the
longest time but after doing a bit of
research and seeing that's really a lot
more harmless than they thought their
near-total potheads because in truth we
it's not that bad I mean it's not
healthy smoking anything is analogy but
it's healthier than alcohol which is
legal and can kill you and at some point
I think that a lot of people are gonna
try it if at this point you're still
unsure of my opinions on the matter I
think that marijuana should be legalized
and taxed and if you're wondering if I
my stuff smoke or just think that it's
painfully obvious
I actually don't I have done a lot in
the past and I'm sure at some point in
the future I'm gonna do it again but I
just generally don't like how it makes
me feel so I don't do it so ha I'm not
hiding all my videos like people seem to
think but even if I myself I'm not gonna
do it I'm not gonna judge other people
who do it or make them feel bad for it
because I mean it's your body you can do
whatever you want with it granted if
you're under 18 your parents can tell
you not to in fact I'm sure most
people's parents did tell them not to
because the drug and drugs are bad but
does that really work when I was in high
school I had smoking for my parents
because I knew that they weren't gonna
approve of it and if anything I feel
like lying to them about smoking pot was
like the gateway to line to them about
so many other things because once I
started with weed I started lining up
going to parties and lying to them about
dates I was going on I mean they would
have supported that I don't know why had
to lie about it
friends who lied about the same things
but a few who had the cool parents in
which they had like open-door policies
and the parents would even let them like
smoke in the house and sometimes even
help them get the stuff and I know that
that sounds crazy but hear me out for a
second as a parent if you think your kid
might be doing it you can either punish
them and tell them that it's wrong or
you can try and make sure they're doing
it safely and in a controlled
environment because more dangerous in
the pot itself is the sketchy drug
dealer your kid could be going to or the
sketchy part of town or or what they
might be lacing the weed with and let's
be real here a lot of teenagers are
gonna want to rebel so if you tell them
not to do something they're just gonna
do it twice as much the other reason I
think it should be legal is just to get
the real stoners to bring it down a
notch you know who I'm talking about oh
dude it's 4:00 p.m. I I gotta get the
hell out of here I only got 20 minutes
if I want to get home and down wait
what's today's date April 20th guys I
got a cut class I'm sorry I completely
forgot I don't know should I wear the
marijuana leaf to you sure what the
the police tab or should I wear a snoop
dog cat I just want to make sure that
people fully understand that I smoke
weed we all know one of those people
anyways that's just my opinion on the
matter so here's my question to you do
you think that marijuana should be legal
and more importantly how do you
distinguish between real Bob Marley fans
and people who just buys merch to let
everyone else know that smoking weed
isn't just a hobby it's a lifestyle let
me know your thoughts in the comments
below make sure you give this video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it it was a it
was an edgy video today it was topical
if you like this type of maybe a little
controversial video I will absolutely do
more if we get to 2500 thumbs up see
there's always always catch also make
sure that you follow me on Instagram
because my pics are all of bongs and me
with smoke all around my face no but
really just just follow me you'll be
following back a ton of people you
should follow me on there subscribe to
me as I make new videos every Tuesday
and Friday and with all that being said
I'll see you guys next week
