hey I'm Andrew and I think looks matter
to some extent I mean we all put an
effort to make ourselves look better and
we wouldn't do it if looks didn't matter
at all if you put in all this effort to
make yourself look better why would you
ever want to date somebody who doesn't
care and put any effort into himself you
wouldn't know what that being said let's
just take the time to admit that at
least to some extent we're all shallow
pieces of welcome to my world all
right now it's probably time to redeem
myself I have liked girls solely for how
they look in the past and when I do that
a lot of times they're terrible people
some of them are just really boring to
talk to some of them are just super
conceited because looks is all that they
care about the point that I'm trying to
make here is that all attractive people
are pricks okay not quite the obvious
conclusion here is that well looks
matter it's far from everything
furthermore there are people who as a
first impression I wasn't completely
blown away without attractive they were
but after talking to them and hearing
about their interests and and joking
around with them they could become like
the Gandhi of being hot all right I
gotta go work on my analogies so yeah
looks and personality both matter Wow
who'd have guessed not everything is in
black and white so that that's been
established I'm going to vogue into my
own taste
because anonymous people on tumblr to
seem to care
I'm just asking myself these questions
who does people ask me stuff like I'm
short when you still date me or Indian
girl to turn off would you ever date a
thicker girl I have brown eyes there's
no way in hell you would ever gate me
here's what I have to say on the matter
of course I have preferences you know
I'm a tall thin person but I had to go
to the gym and care about my health and
so all of those qualities I would find
attractive with that being said I've
contradicted all of them and come on
brown eyes yeah this girl's the girl of
my dreams but I just realized her eyes
are brown so uh damn I guess I'm going
back to the personals on Craigslist oh
they love the internet look I have found
girls of all races to be hot at the same
time that doesn't mean that I like every
girl of every single race I just have to
think what they're attractive and race
doesn't get in the way of that just be
interesting be fun and honestly be kind
of a bitch and I'll love you and if
somebody has like a specific type
whatever you do don't go out of your way
to appeal to it you're just you and if
they're not willing to look inside of
their type at you then there's nothing
you can do and they're probably gonna
die alone so sucks to suck anyways that
was the video today if you liked it make
sure that you give it a thumbs up
actually screw it I said before my type
of girl is the type that gives my videos
a thumbs up leave a comment letting me
know what your type is do you like girls
who could beat you up or guys who have
tattoos of Satan
I don't know just tell me in the
comments below add me on snapchat
already I make the best snapchats ever
you're missing out I had a ton of people
back you should add me it's just Andrew
quoi make sure you subscribe to my
channel as I make new videos every
Tuesday and Friday and with all that
being said I'll see you guys next
