hey guys so popular youtuber by the name
of Sam pepper put out a video this week
where he goes around grabbing girls
butts as a prank a lot of people got
upset by this and considered it sexual
harassment I mean you can't just go
around grab people's butts right you
don't have any consent but this consent
really matter I mean if I want something
I should just have it
well okay before you freak out think of
it like this you have in your possession
let's say a delicious beverage all right
it's mine now what I don't see the
problem could it be that maybe just
because I want it I'm not entitled to it
or maybe you don't want me to have it
what that I mean English doesn't make
any sense
look I take the things that I want just
like all my idols Genghis Khan Hitler
spoiled children this for you kiddo hey
but give me that lollipop and another
thing how do you even have how do you
how do you even get with girls
if you don't consent because they don't
even want to talk to me I'm less than my
much younger subscribers and I don't I
don't even really know how to talk to
girls wait does handcuffing myself to
them count no okay then yeah no I don't
know I don't know how to do it I guess I
could just like lasso them and have a
laugh about that
wait did Sam already do that oh man
great minds think alike
by the way Sam a big fan and I got a
couple ideas actually for your next few
bits alright so this one here is called
setting people on fire what we would do
is we would set people on fire and then
well whatever we would just say we got
consent all right now this next one is
called genital mutilation now hold on
it's not what you think what we would do
is we would mutilate people's genitals
what well get them to sign a waiver
after sign the waiver sign it do you
want to see your parents again okay
that's pretty messed up and I am out of
sarcasm if somebody touches you
inappropriately and you do not want it
hit them hey it is fair game if they
decide to mess with you
consent matters and if you intend to do
something that's obviously gonna make
people uncomfortable you just shouldn't
do it you know what make me really
uncomfortable
putting me in a pit filled with
poisonous snakes even if it's for study
or a social experiment I would just
rather didn't happen and tell you what
he's saying that Sam's video was staged
and it was all part of a big social
experiment okay buddy I have two things
to say to you one is that if it was a
social experiment where Sam's proof that
he had consent prior to it being done if
he contacted them afterward not
permission or even if he got it right
after he touched them still sexual
- even if it was a social experiment
this guy does the stuff in his videos
all the time
I don't hate Sam pepper I just think
he's dumb for thinking that type of
video might be entertaining for thinking
was okay to upload something like that
even with a huge following of a young
and impressionable audience and
especially for seeing this crazy
backlash and not having the guts to say
he was wrong
anyways short and sweet today's video if
you agreed with what I said give this
video a thumbs up leave a comment
letting me know what you think Sam
should do now or what should happen to
them after this whole scandal is gone
down subscribe to me if you haven't
already as I make new videos every
Tuesday and Friday and with all that
being said I'll see you guys next week
