before I start this video I want to tell
you all that this is a hard video for me
to make because I'm a big fan of women
but I don't think anyone has the right
to tell you what to or not to do now
with that being said there are some
things that girls should not do there
are some traits that girls have or
specific things certain girls do that is
just wildly unattractive some of these
would even stop me from wanting to just
be your friend so please for yourself
listen to these tips and if you find
that you do some of them maybe you
consider starting to take some steps to
change before you get mad just listen to
what these things are I think hopefully
a lot of you will agree with me when I
explain myself so let's just get this
over with shall we
here's ten unattractive things that
girls do number one is have yellow teeth
personal hygiene is way too important to
not mention if you don't brush your
teeth consistently people can tell and
it can be very distracting it says that
you don't take care of yourself and you
don't care about how you look and I
don't want to be your mom but I mean
come on you should know this already
smiling and being happy are just very
attractive things in general and you
take so much away from that when when
you smile it looks like you have a lemon
peel in your mouth and this also ties in
to the second thing on this list and
that is bad breath bad breath is a huge
turnoff because there's nothing worse
than seeing a girl that you think is
funny and smart and cool and then
getting within 5 feet of her and
smelling what must be garlic cloves
dipped in vinegar and tuna because
that's how bad it smells but I mean
obviously there's a time in a place
where this is more bad than at other
times like if you're out and you're with
people who are all eating something
that's gonna give you bad breath so be
it that's what it is and if you're in a
long-term relationship with someone at
this point they probably ate the same
thing or at least they don't care like
whatever you guys are serious
it doesn't matter they're but early on
in to dating someone it's just the worst
idea you could possibly have and in
general you know brushing your teeth
consistently and maybe chewing a piece
of gum should make you basically
presentable in most situations and think
about it I mean if you're out with a guy
that you're really into and your breath
is terrible
he's not gonna ever want to kiss you
we're gonna be so much better to have
amazing breath that would draw him in
another thing that's gonna make him
pause before ever considering kissing
you is a big problem right
specifically in the winter and that is
cracked or dry lips I assume that you
probably not want dry or cracked lips on
a guy that about to kiss either right
let's go over the short list of words
people never want to associate with
kissing shall we dry cracked skin flake
terrible Sahara desert vomit last ones
not really related to dry lips but hey
still applies good news is this is an
easy fix just buy chapstick and try not
to lick your lips when you're in the
cold and bada-boom bada-bing now you got
them good kissing lips anyway physical
stuff aside the rest of this list is
gonna get into things that are a little
less surface level number four on this
list is having no life and this one is
really important buy no life what I mean
is that aside from dating someone there
is nothing else going on in your life
and you're just always available and
eager to see the person that you're
dating again and doing me wrong you know
enthusiasm is great but having no
personal life like not hanging out with
friends or having a job to go to or
school to attend literally doing nothing
but waiting for this dude to be free
that is a huge turnoff because now we
have to be the source of all that is fun
in your life or will just feel bad that
you're not having fun anywhere else and
now we feel guilty for doing other
things and hanging with our friends if
you're just waiting for us to be done so
please I shouldn't have to say this but
have a life don't give one person your
entire world have friends and interests
and go out and do things there's more to
the world than just dating five on the
list is being conceited do me around
confidence is a huge turn-on but if you
go way too far with it then it becomes
conceited and that is a bad thing I
think it's fair to say it can be a bit
of a blurry line between being confident
and excited or having a big ego so let's
just go over a few things if you talk
down to people either talking in a
condescending way or treating people
that you don't know poorly like I've
been out with girls who have absolutely
no respect for the waiter at a
restaurant and that is the biggest
turnoff I've ever had because it's just
rude there's also constantly
interrupting people because you think
that what you have to say is always more
important never being able to admit when
you're wrong or that you need help and
just in general making everything about
you this is a really big one and a huge
turnoff because no one wants to feel
inferior to someone else I can't stress
this enough this is a really big one and
age
huge turnoff cuz no one wants to date
someone who makes them feel inferior to
them
another really unattractive thing that
girls can do and number six on this list
is just be a very negative person making
everything seem like it's awful is just
a terrible way to look at the world but
worse it's a contagious attitude if
you're around people long enough and
constantly blaming bad things on other
things it can eventually affect other
people's moods also if you constantly
need reassuring and being cheered up
then maybe you're just unhappy or
depressed and honestly I don't believe
that it's really fair to start dating
someone if you're going through
depression because when you're in
relationship your problems become their
problems as well and your depression is
a big problem to give someone also it
puts them in a situation where they know
that they can't leave the relationship
without making it so much worse for you
I just think in general if you're
unhappy with yourself prior to being in
a relationship then you probably
shouldn't just be in a relationship 7 is
being too agreeable and honestly this is
probably the most common and relatable
thing on this list because I know so
many people actually guys and girls who
are just want to compromise everything
I've a stand for it when they're around
someone who they really like or find
really attractive and you should not do
this first of all when you do it a lot
guys can tell and it really makes them
lose respect for you because it says
that you impressing them is more
important than what you want and
personally I think disagreeing on some
things is great like let's not get into
politics maybe on a first date but
you're allowed to not like my favorite
bands or not watch my favorite TV show
in fact I would go so far as to say that
I really enjoy disagreeing with someone
on a date because it means that they
know what they stand for and I respect
the hell out of them for that
whatever it is they stand for us though
we're getting closer to the end here
number eight on this list is girls who
obsess over their appearance this can
kind of fall into being conceited like
we talked about earlier but there's just
so much more that goes into it being
obsessed with how you look shows that
physical features are the most important
thing to you and honestly I think being
physically attractive is a solid 30
percent of the whole attraction mix
because sure you can be physically
attractive but if that's all that you
have going for you you're gonna be
incredibly boring to talk to and just
not at all fun to be around the problem
is that people who obsess
for their looks and the looks of other
people are generally pretty shallow
people they focus more on their
Instagram profile than they do on a good
conversation and it gets old really fast
and for the record this is nothing to do
with wearing makeup or anything like
that do that to your heart's content
this is just about your values and if
you value appearance more than
personality then I value the door more
than you should walk through it that
didn't really work
moving on 9 on this list is a general
lack of inquisitiveness that is a big
word so let's break it down for a second
shall we basically thinking that you
know everything assuming you were right
in all situations it's a huge turnoff
for myself and every other guy I know
because even if you did know everything
which you don't it's just incredibly
condescending and a lot of
inquisitiveness also means that you're
just not curious about new things which
goes without saying is a huge buzzkill
when dating because the whole thing is
about doing stuff that's fun and
hopefully some of the time new to
experience together and if you're not
want to step outside your comfort zone a
little then everything has to always be
your way and that's no fun finally the
last unattractive thing that girls can
do is to never take the lead I don't
want to always decide everything for us
I don't wanna be the first person to
start talking about making plans or send
that first text every single time
relationships are supposed to be equal
and you being very indecisive makes it
very unequal also I find when people
don't want to take the lead it's because
they want to put the other person first
which is a sweet gesture but really if
you never say what you want and that's
just gonna lead to you being unhappy and
no one wants that
so do everyone a favor and just say wait
you're a goddamn one anyway that was it
for today thank you so much for watching
and if you enjoyed it let me know by
giving it a big ol thumbs up also tell
me in the comments what's an
unattractive thing that guys do that
turn you off let me know down below so I
can change myself completely last week I
asked you guys what are some
unattractive clothes that guys wear
during the winter so right now on screen
are some of my favorite comments from
that video I remember if you wanna be
feature at the end of next week's video
make sure that you leave your comment
down below I want to give a huge shout
out over on Instagram to Himani for
liking a ton of my photos thank you for
that Himani I appreciate you also Verena
who just went to town I think she liked
literally everything I posted which is I
absolutely nuts yes I don't know any
time for that and finally salamé who is
a new follower and also spammed the
living hell out of me you guys are crazy
I love you
go check them out follow them and if you
want to get an Instagram shoutout for me
it's so easy all you have to do is
follow me on Instagram like a bunch of
my photos maybe leave some nice comments
turn on notifications stuff like that
and I go through Mac tivity and choose
three random people for each video my
dreams just Andrew quo super easy to
remember that's what it looks like
sometimes the link will be in
description below I don't know if you
want to do that that'd be cool let me
NEET we could be friends
finally subscribe to me for more videos
if you want more advice right now click
over here and with all that being said
I'll see you next time peace
