hey so a lot of people have wanted me to
do a QA for a while now so uh finally
doing one enjoy can you say something in
Spanish
donde esta Manuel sing your teeth down
if two weeks in Peru now a seven taught
me anything it was just that it was like
how - where are the washrooms I think I
don't even know if you had to choose a
nickname for the whole world to know you
as what would it be I think would be
great if in like 30 years everyone just
called me dad yeah
do you like being called daddy okay well
not that way that's that's weird well
alright well if you could swim in a pool
filled with anything but water what
would you want it to be filled with
money are you a virgin I did not see my
channel at all I literally just talked
about sex so it's yes what's your best
pick-up line those clothes are really
becoming on you but of course if I was
on you I'd be coming too what's your
biggest pet peeve I kind of just go
through waves of hating absolutely
everything and then just hating nothing
at all depending on when and where
people meet me something I'm super nice
and optimistic and some think I'm just
miserable it's probably a contributing
factor in why I'm single boxers or
briefs boxers cuz I remember when I was
in grade 3 I was made fun of wearing
tighty whities and I'm still not over it
will you be a buffer fest yes actually
uh for those of you who don't know
buffer fest is a youtube film festival
that takes place in mic City Toronto and
there's gonna be a ton of cool youtubers
there if you want more info I'm gonna be
putting the website in the description
below and if you plan on going make sure
that you're following me on Twitter to
find out what screenings I'm gonna be
yet so we can hang out what advice would
you give to kids that are being bullied
two pieces of advice the first thing is
see if you can avoid conflict by telling
somebody see if you can you know get a
guidance counselor involved or
principals see if you can get them in
trouble and if that does not stop them
then you have to move on my second piece
of advice you're gonna have to go
apeshit on them you wanna give them the
crazy I wanna fight dirty play off his
ear no matter how much bigger they are
than you if they think that you're crazy
they'll leave you alone do you have a pl
box we can send stuff to I don't
actually but I have gotten some requests
to get one but I don't know like I'm not
sure if I'm really gonna get it sent
like enough things for it to be worth it
so I guess leave a comment letting me
know would you send
if I gotta peel box because I'll get one
have you ever tried Vegemite I have had
Vegemite it was part of a smoothie
challenge that I do with my buddy Jared
it was the only thing that could taste
so needless to say it was delicious what
does your future wife look like just
head to toe covered in money do you miss
your long hair and lip piercing yeah I
had a bit of a emo phase on YouTube for
a while but a cancer question no I don't
miss it at all what's your preferred
sleeping conditions on a bed preferably
indoors is always a good call in
darkness if that's not that's not weird
ever sent in nude I've actually never
said one of you know the goods but I
have taken my fair share of shirtless
photos I actually do it all the time and
send it to pretty much everybody
you could thank me later
yeah okay that's it for the Q&A if you
liked it make sure you give it a big
thumbs up if you want me to do another
one let me know by getting this video to
2,000 thumbs up and if I also leave a
comment tell me that you want me to
another one so I took all my questions
through Twitter and I think it went
pretty well
so if you want to be in my next one make
sure that you're following me there it's
just at Andrew quo and I'll be sure to
tweet out when I'm doing another one
make sure that you subscribe to me if
you haven't already because I make new
videos every Tuesday and Friday and with
all that being said I'll see you guys
next week
