Hey so there are some things that girls
just don't know about guys I think would
make everyone's life easier if they just
did so today I'm gonna be explaining
those things enjoy number one is we
don't care about thigh gaps when I first
through the term i neva know what it was
why would we need you to have a thigh
gap like what are we trying to put
between your thumb I just got it
no seriously though we give 0 thought to
thighs but could you imagine a guy
saying something like oh I really like
this girl but she doesn't have a thigh
gap no it just doesn't happen don't
worry about it number two is we're gonna
watch porn
look we don't see porn as cheating it's
just porn it's been with us since we hit
puberty and it's gonna be with us till
we die there's nothing to do with not
being satisfied it's just porn it's as
much a part of us as like our hands yep
number three up eating is hot I know a
lot of girls that just don't eat like
all day they've had a salad or a piece
of bread look that is just not healthy
you should be having three meals a day
even if they're small have some protein
some carbs some vegetables just eat the
things that you need to fuel your body
to stay alive we would so much rather
date a girl who gets like a burger and
fries at a meal instead of like half a
salad and can barely finish that number
four if we're putting ourselves out
there to talk to you you should at least
be giving us some signs look it takes a
lot of confidence to go up to a girl and
just start talking to them or start
flirting with them and for a girl to not
really know how to respond is just not
meeting us halfway if we start talking
to you and you're into it show us smile
be touchy we're absolutely not gonna be
flirting with you if we think that you
don't want us to number five is that if
you don't get along with our friends we
know this relationships not gonna last
relationships come and go but friends
stay with you forever I have one friend
who I've hung out with since I was four
and we're still close any girl can do
the bare minimum and just be nice to our
friends but if she leaves and my friends
are like yo dude that girl was awesome
what do you bring you're out next we're
gonna have to marry you so I'm sorry
number six is that playing dumb isn't
cute we're just gonna think that you're
dumb the last thing we want is to have
to take on like a fatherly role and
teach you about the world just be real
about what you know and what you don't
know me personally I'm an idiot about a
ton of things but I'll never pretend to
be one see that nice honesty right there
number seven is if you like
guy don't talk to how awesome you think
other guys are what are you trying to
make him jealous if you didn't already
know this freely goes us guys not me
though just everyone else yeah obviously
we're gonna get jealous if you make it
seem like some other dude has all these
skills that we don't have so don't do
that number eight cooking is really hot
and look I don't mean this in a haha
girl should always cook for me kind of
way I know how to cook and I will cook
for you but if you were completely
useless in the kitchen it's gonna get
annoying we live in an era where a lot
of people are living with their parents
or have a meal plan at university up
until like their mid-20s and a lot of
these people don't know how to cook oh
is that its salt are you serious it's
like the most common cooking it's salt
these are life skills everyone should
know them number nine don't play too
hard to get look playing hard to get can
for sure work you just got to tease the
other person and make them want to get
your attention however there's a point
at which you're just being mean or you
just seem completely uninterested if you
seem uninterested and we haven't really
invested any time in you yet we're just
gonna give up so don't do that number
ten is ending an argument with the word
fine it's just gonna make everything
worse arguing for whatever reason should
always be resolved ASAP
look nobody wants to be bitter about it
but I know a lot of girls that'll end
the conversation with fine you know what
no no no it's okay
I feel better you clearly don't
sometimes it's best to just get some
space you know cool off and then talk
about it in a bit but ending it by
saying that you're fine it's just not
the answer instead try something like
hey I need some space to cool off
we'll talk about this in a bit yeah it's
really quite simple anyways that was the
video if you liked it be sure to give it
a thumbs up we try to get to 2,500
thumbs up that's it's so easy it should
be cakewalk make sure that you leave me
a comment letting me know the things
that you wish guys knew because well
personally I don't know anything so I'm
eager to learn also make sure that you
have me at it on snapchat because I had
everyone back and I spend all day just
responding to you guys my username on
there is just Andrew quo and it'd also
be in the description below also make
sure that you subscribe to me because I
make new videos every Tuesday and Friday
and with all that being said I'll see
you guys next week
