Hey okay so every once in a while I
forget that I hate clubs and because I'm
feeling social when my buddy calls me up
to ask if I want to join him I say yes
and every single time I do this I end up
having a crappy night so today I'm gonna
explain why clubs suck okay so the first
reason is that clubs are nothing like
what songs tell us they're like in a ton
of mainstream pop hits people are always
going off and how they found love on the
dance floor or you know they made
memories they're never gonna forget ya
know that that doesn't happen I don't
know what clubs they're going to but the
ones I've been to are nothing like that
all that exists in clubs is music so
loud that you ain't know what you're
listening to and a bunch of very sweaty
people in a very crowded place and when
you're in the middle of it with nowhere
to go unless you want to become a human
sponge you start to ask yourself why am
I even here which leads me to the
breakdown of why people go to clubs
girls oftentimes you go just to get in
took your friends which means you just
go to have fun which is a good mindset
to go in and a mindset that us guys do
not share whether or not you want to
talk to guys that night five seconds
after you start dancing a guy will
arrive you might not notice him at first
think you know maybe he's just pushing
from behind try and get through see that
it's part of the strat he's there until
you make it painfully obvious he's not
wanted and he's pretty much dry humping
you if you thought only dogs some people
they didn't know you've clearly never
been to a club which leads me to white
guys go to clubs if you think we go to
dance with our Bros you're very very
wrong we have one purpose going to a
club and that is to meet girls the thing
is meeting girls at a club is different
it takes a certain type of guy it's the
type of guy that doesn't really want to
talk to you or hear your voice at all
for that matter more so just wants to
start the foreplay here and move it to
his mom's basement later
you ever try talking to someone at a
club before I have hey what are you a
student or like what do you do what do
you do what do you say I can't hear you
yeah you just uh you just don't talk at
clubs so what do you do
impress girls with your dance moves real
dancing at a club who is this guy
yeah no that
doesn't happen either ultimately it's
really just judging how people look so
yeah
clubs are shallow what else is new but
in a place where everyone is shallow
there are some guys that drive so this
is the next reason I hate clubs I'm
associated by gender with this dude he's
sweating on you
he's aggressively humping you away from
your friends all of his money have gone
into the clothes he's wearing the
Cologne he has bathed himself in and the
drinks he's buying you which are like
probably halfway roofies all of his time
spent at the gym working on the only
muscle groups that exist biceps and
chess without any better way to put it
these guys are predators hunting out
these girls in their groups as prey go
to your group with their bros they'll
split you up to buy you drinks and
create enough friction to power Toronto
for the night and by association when I
go up to a girl she'll just assume I'm a
predator trying to find some prey it
just feels really grimy they assume that
I'm just in sweaty meathead but you know
smaller and won't shut up so yeah being
a guy to club sucks but girls you're not
getting off scot-free either girls at
clubs are the worst girls some would
have said already I have tried to make
myself be that club guy for a night I'll
do the dancing I'll put on the Cologne
I'll put on the Jersey Shore accent
whatever what it's happened before where
the girl will turn around and start
demanding I buy your drinks look I'm not
your bartender or your parents so buy
your own damn drinks up yeah hi broke
college dropout you should be buying me
drinks yeah as you can probably guess
that kind of thing doesn't work out too
well the other thing is that if you're a
pretty girl at a club you already know
you can get most the guys there and you
are not afraid to show it we have to
work for your approval or you'll just
instantly replace us I guess I'm gonna
wrap this up by saying that I don't want
to have to try and impress or please
someone unless they're gonna meet me
halfway so yeah that's why I hate clubs
oh I'm getting a call hey a club right
now yeah all right let me get a dress
shirt on don't give me that look I never
said I wouldn't go again judging me with
that stupid judging face anyways that's
the video I hope you liked it and maybe
learned a little bit about the guys side
of things at a club you did enjoy the
video make sure you give it a big thumbs
up bring it to mm thumbs up I will
personally go with you to the club when
I starts making moves on you I tend to
be your boyfriend and I will just start
shit yo what up bro
you're talking about girl you wanna mess
it'll be hilarious you this is something
that you want also make sure you leave a
comment letting me know what you think
of clubs do you love them do you hate
them why also make sure that you're
subscribed to me because I make new
videos every Tuesday and Friday before I
go I didn't interview with this company
called raise your flag which is a
company that's all about inspiring youth
with alternatives to college so you
don't spend all of your money going to
college as somebody who's dropped out
the whole idea really means a lot to me
because I never wanted to go to school
but I felt like I'd be a failure if I
didn't in the interview I talked about
how I got started on YouTube and just a
bit about my life so if you want to see
that it'll be right here and I'll also
be a link to it in the description below
so make sure that you check that out
with all that being said I'll see you
guys next week
