hi uh so today we're going to talk about
how to reject someone because it can't
always passive-aggressively stop talking
to occasionally have to grow up and
actually handle your problems I know it
sucks I didn't even want to do this
video but since I'm biting the bullet
and actually doing it you should ask you
to look rejecting someone sucks it's one
of those things that you just can't do
with a happy ending but you can do it
with as little pain involved as possible
now rejecting someone's easiest if they
just come right up to you and ask you
out then you could just be like sorry I
just don't see you that way but I hope
that we can still be friends
and after that you're clear see the key
to that is being nice and trying to
sympathize as opposed to some of the
less kind options you seriously oh man
I gotta call my buddy to tell him this
is hilarious however as a guy more often
than not to tap in to where if a girl
likes me she's not gonna come right out
and say it and I also know that for a
lot of girls a lot of guys don't come
right out and say it anyway and just as
a little side note here it's always more
appreciated if you just come right out
and say something and you don't have to
make it a big deal just say something
like hey I like you I take you out for
right you'd have to be on the bus though
cuz uh I don't I don't have a car
anyways if they don't come right out and
say it but rather just make it painfully
obvious then you have to take the first
step approach them and make sure the two
of you are alone this is not a public
showing hey guys I'm about to reject
this chick so I are you seeing this I
want you to think about your reason for
saying now and whatever you do don't use
that reason whatever it is it'll
probably just come up offensively so
instead just say look I'm on that you
like me and it's really nothing personal
but I just don't see you that way you're
a cool person but let's just be friends
do you actually have to be their friend
know what oh now I firsthand see this
happen where one person finds out
someone else likes them without being
directly told and after kindly turning
them down the person saves their own
shame by saying something like uh that's
okay cuz I didn't have a crush on you
anyway yeah okay everybody this is their
way of making themselves feel better by
trying to embarrass you for having
confidence and just being a badass now
the nice thing to do in this situation
would be a say something like oh alright
well my mistake then see that way no
one's offended but you look a little
dumb
but I would never do that it shows
weakness they're turning this on you oh
oh oh they're gonna get it what I would
do and you know I don't advise doing
this because it's just cruel is I'd
respond with wait really oh my god thank
you uh Wow
I was disgusted but thank you for making
a feel better okay so I've never
actually done that and I probably never
would but a guy can dream about having
no conscience candy anyways that's the
video if you give this a thumbs up and
if we get to mm um ZUP I will personally
reject people for you I swear to God
give me their email or something and
they're gonna get shut down having me do
it for you kind of contradicts this
whole video but uh that sounds like a
you problem make sure that you leave a
comment letting me know your experience
with rejection
have you ever rejected somebody or have
you ever been rejected or you have any
tips
obviously I've dealt with my share of
rejection otherwise I wouldn't be such a
cold shell of a man make sure that
you're following me on Instagram because
I'ma be following back a ton of people
who spam me with likes because of a
thirst for approval my Instagram is just
Andrew quo and the link will also be in
the description below make sure you're
subscribed to me if you're not already
because I make new videos every Tuesday
and Friday with all that being said I'll
see you guys next week
you
