Hey so as some of you might know I'm
Canadian and there are a ton of great
things that I love about Canada it's a
beautiful country with a very reasonable
drinking age what more could you even
ask for but a lot of people think we're
not I mean we got bagged milk Rob Ford
what more do I you need to say so today
I want to defend my country I'm gonna
explain some of the things you might not
understand and flat out call on
some stereotypes let's begin alright so
first of all to anyone who's ever asked
if I live in an igloo No
so another thing that people have asked
about is our RCMP otherwise known as our
Royal Canadian Mounted Police or
Mounties I've been asked if they ride
moose no they don't do they actually
look like that from my understanding the
uniform and the horses are just for
ceremonious purposes aside from that
they just dress like regular cops one of
the biggest things people ask about is
our bagged milk and just how crazy it is
you guys gonna get over this because it
is not a big deal bear with me for a
second this is what bag milk looks like
in it are three smaller bags of milk
just like this what you do is you take a
bag you put in this thing here you cut
off the corner and you're good to go so
the reason that we do this is that a
giant jug or a carton of milk is just so
much more wasteful when you're done with
the bag you have a little bit of plastic
leftover we're just extraordinary people
I guess but then there's the stereotype
that all Canadians are nice I think I
should be living proof that that is not
the case
no Daniel come here for a sec you look
stupid
what'd your mom buy those clothes for
you yeah she did actually sorry you feel
that way oh no I'm sorry I'm sorry I
didn't mean I didn't know um but tell
your mom she's a lovely lady thanks Lou
okay so clearly that was just a big
exaggeration but I just think our
culture is different when we bump into
people we say sorry we don't even
necessarily need it half the time it's
just something we were raised to do we
also pronounce it like sorry
whereas I found that a lot of Americans
say like sorry I myself actually kind of
say more like an American only
cuz I go there a lot and everyone makes
fun of me just generally speaking we
pronounced a bunch of words slightly
differently like uh out about house not
boot a boot puse I've never heard that
outside of South Park so no we don't say
that
we also call that room where toilets are
washrooms some Americans have pointed
this out to me is being odd because they
say bathrooms in Canada we use both
words but wash them a little more
applicable because anywhere with a sink
you can wash whereas not all washrooms
have a shower or a bathtub where you can
actually bathe but that's just how I see
it and to anyone else who disagrees with
me you're wrong and because I live in
Toronto and because I have my whole life
I don't have my license this is actually
a really common thing in Toronto because
the public train that's pretty good so
everyone uses it so much so actually
that we have something called an Ontario
photocard that can be used as a
replacement for driver's license as
photo ID needless to say I've been given
the weirdest looks trying to buy a drink
in the US because I mentioned Toronto
our Mayor Rob Ford we're we're sorry
about him and Beaver see we have this
vault where we just put all of our room
Canadians but uh it's full yeah it holds
about five people because we're all so
nice get it ha ha ha
and lastly I've been told that Canada is
the best place in the world to buy
top-quality Hausa Prost move Mira Mira
JIP Daniel can you keep him here for a
sec how do you how do you pronounce this
word
it's like married marriage you marriage
you major major wanna marry a married
you married Mayor Mary anyways that's
the video so if you liked it or if you
learned anything at all about my country
uh please give this video thumbs up if
we get to 2,000 thumbs up I will send
you an attractive Canadian of whatever
gender you want they'll say words all
funny they'll be pop sensations that
want to piss on you and they'll smoke
all your crack leave a comment on this
video letting me know the city and
country that you're from and what you
like or dislike about it I'm actually
really stoked to see where all of you
guys
because I'm always sharing so much and I
don't really know that much about you
guys so all my social media links will
be in the description below and if you
haven't already make sure you subscribe
to me because I make new videos every
Tuesday and Friday and with all that
being said I'll see you guys next week
