Hey so we live in a society that's just
radically different from what it was say
a hundred years ago divorce is way more
acceptable than what once was and so is
premarital sex people are thirsty and
they don't want the commitment that
comes with a relationship so what do we
do I actually don't know I guess we're
screwed I guess I have to end the video
now um wait what's that oh the video
title hold on huh yeah it's it's friends
with benefits friends with benefits
that's what we do so for those of you
who don't know what it is or are too
lazy to assume what it might be friend
with benefits means that you're friends
with benefits the pretty simple concept
try and keep up alright so reasons to do
it uh one relationships are entirely
life consuming which is great if that's
what you want however some people don't
always want to be thinking about someone
else love fuck you and - yeah you go to
a bar and maybe have like a one-night
stand but one-night stands are sketchy
maybe they'll kill you maybe there's no
like like whipping you and stuff
worst of all maybe they have syphilis
just a scary sounding word syphilis
syphilis herpes see that's a cool
sounding one I can go for some herpes
alright so you've been convinced just
Shh please just let me have this okay so
now you want to have friends with
benefits right yes yes you do all right
we'll slow down there tiger
there's so many reasons why you don't
want to do this don't don't get ahead of
yourself
think about it what are you gonna do
just call up a friend and ask if they
want benefits that's a stupid idea let's
try it
hey Annie hi how you doing I'm great a
question for you how would you like to
be friends with benefits
fuck Laura hey how you doing I am about
to be a lot better look I've been
thinking a lot and I just think that you
and I should be friend with benefits
it just cuz you are yeah but I mean is
that is that is that no or damn well I
hope that you're happy those were good
friends of mine and now things are gonna
be really weird my point is that when
looking for a friend to benefit you
can't keep it within your group think
about it if things don't work out your
whole group could suffer what you need
to do is go outside the group to the
real world nothin
see that way if things don't work out at
least no one aside from the two of you
lose anything and this whole friends
with benefits thing it's not really a
perfect system you do all that dirty
stuff with someone and one of you might
wimp out and have a feelings seriously
though the way these things work out is
by having a mutual understanding so talk
about it this that's not talking about
it just be like hey uh look I like the
boning we got a good thing going on
there it's just everything else kind of
just yeah just keep it I want it just
keep it okay yeah like that but you know
just just a little nicer set some ground
rules like uh hell late is too late for
a booty call
hey Sarah sorry did I wake you oh shit
my bad um no but it's actually it's
actually 543 a.m. so if you're gonna
round you'd want to round up so it's my
understanding that if you just woke up
then that means that you're free right
now right Sarah hello Soph all goes well
things will work out but these things
eventually end either by it turning into
a relationship one person developing
feelings and the other one not so much
both people getting bored or just not
being able to see each other so for
optimal happiness for probably just you
and no one else try juggling numerous
friends I should make for some fun
excuses anyways uh now you're educated
on the whole friends with benefits like
I don't really know where you stand on
this whole friends with benefits thing
so let me know in the comments uh would
you ever see yourself doing this kind of
thing have you done it what are your
experiences also in an effort to make
more friends I'm gonna be following a
ton of people on Twitter who follow me
and tweet at me let's be friends my
twitter is Andrew quo it also be in the
description box and it also doesn't hurt
if you favorite and retweet a bunch of
things also real friends thumbs up their
friends this video and get
- mm thumbs up I'm just saying just do
it with all that being said I'll see you
guys next week
you
