hey guys so today I'm gonna be talking
about something that I messaged to build
a lot on tumblr and that is how do you
tell when a guy is gay today I have with
me the most say the most fabulous person
I know mr. Rhyne woods well hello there
everyone so today Ryan and I are going
to help you identify how to tell if a
guy is gay you know there are a lot of
girls in high school or wherever and you
might like a guy and not be able to tell
and yeah something like they're wearing
a sign that says I'm gay
yeah no you can't tell us yeah so here
are some key identifier so a lot of
generalizations and stereotypes about a
guy is if he had really well done hair
dresses nicely it's extremely buff but
andrew is all three right so you're
definitely you know you're straight so
first off one of the key factors and
finding out if someone is gay is if they
quote Mean Girls a lot because I quote
mean girl you know you go Glen Coco you
can't sit with us on Wednesdays we
better we wear pink it's a pretty
obvious one I would say like that's a
pretty obvious one yeah
so in high school if there's a guy who
hangs around with a lot of girls like a
lot of girls like the majority of his
friends are girls and not guys he might
be gay for example I used to have all
female friends and when my parents would
be like oh are you are you dating
Michelle are you dating Brittany I'd be
like no they're just my friends so if a
guy often says that oh these girls
aren't just my friends he might be gay
is it ever possible where that's
happening and the guy just slays poon
what yeah I don't think so no we usually
say slay in a different term know what
slay means that means like kill yeah you
slay something likewise late a dragon
yeah so so the neck can you stop no
nasty so if you don't have a gaydar like
some people this one this next tip is
kind of 100 percent accurate if you're
with a guy and you know you're sitting
at the dinner table or you're at the
cafeteria or something look
his eyes and where they go because the
lie the eyes never lie and I find that
if I'm looking at a guy and he looks at
another guy walking into the door and
tends to look at that guy more than the
girl who walks through the door then
that might that potentially might mean
again so what I would recommend doing is
if you see a girl who is like without
question really really hot just like
point and be like oh hey like what do
you think of her if they say anything
that's like not saying that she's hot
but saying like oh she's really
well-dressed or she looks like she's a
really nice person or I love her dog
that girl is fierce that is something
she won't even not like of the next
thing that's just like wow she looks
like she's gonna like kick the shit out
of me yeah any of those things that's a
good signifier some dingy going on ding
ding ding yeah I would say that if a guy
goes to Starbucks a lot and orders more
than just coffee you know like a low-fat
cinnamon Colts latte with extra whip it
means more than just the word coffee or
iced coffee I usually go for like the
frappuccinos the holiday Christmas
strings the pumpkin spice latte oh my
gosh anyway that's it for the video if
you liked it please be sure to give it a
thumbs up let's try to get the mm
because do it Ryan's here and that's
enough Rezac night also make sure that
you leave a comment telling me when you
guys find to tell if somebody's gay yeah
or if you have a gay best friend
comment down below there maybe there are
any personal experiences yeah
experiences because we'd love to read
those comments we did the ice bucket
challenge on Ryan's channel so go check
that out I've got nice and wet and naked
don't you like what naked boys come on
over to my channel we're gonna have to
be naked we're gonna be naked you have
to me if you're new here or if you just
haven't yet subscribed to me because I
make new videos every Tuesday Friday and
if you're coming from my channel make
sure you subscribed and wrote somebody's
grandpa ryan video thank you subscribe
to Ryan also because he makes awesome
videos and
have nearly enough subscribers I'm
getting there a lot being said I'll see
you guys next week
