hey so usually my videos I speak
relatively objectively on behalf of all
guys we like and do a lot of the same
stuff but everyone's different and
everybody likes different weird random
things about others so today I just
thought I'd talk about some weird little
things that girls do that I think are
hot let's do this I like it when girls
wear their hair up in a ponytail
something about it just like it comes
off as really athletic and I don't know
I just like the look and look I'm not
even saying that y'all work out I mean
taking care yourselves great but just
having the ponytail we'd probably do it
for me yeah the girls with tattoos
tattoos are just hot I think that a lot
of people would agree with that and
their badass now I myself don't have any
tattoos because men it takes so much
commitment to get tattoo you gotta think
about what you want you got to know that
you're gonna love it for the rest of
your life then you get it so when a girl
gets one it shows that you put on all
this thought and shows that she loves
what she has on her and it's it's just
great girls with big teeth so this one
took a long time for me to realize that
I liked but I noticed a pattern in the
girls that I had dated or like had
crushes on is that a lot of them had big
teeth and I know that it sounds super
weird like I'm just gonna pull our
measuring tape and be like what is that
it's a half-inch Jesus Christ we got a
keeper but I swear I I don't mean it
like that
I don't want you guys to think I'm
looking for like the world's largest
teeth or that I'm just like desperate to
get eaten
it's just that large teeth look really
good when you smile it's all tea I don't
think people often have talked about how
hot it is just to have nice teeth damn
just just damn sarcasm and understanding
sarcasm a lot of my friends and some
girls that I've dated have said to me
Andrew I don't know how to interpret the
things that you say everything sounds
sarcastic do you hate me and you know of
course my answer is no I don't hate you
that's stupid but it just gets annoying
you feel me I love when girls get that
I'm being sarcastic and roll with it
one flipside when I can't tell if
they're being sarcastic and then I'm
convinced that they hate me
there's just something hot about kind of
hating everyone rather just making fun
of them well not actually hating
everyone because let's be honest being
that pessimistic just fucking captain
buzzkill over here and my last turn on
is girls who don't care about money do I
do I really need to explain why because
I don't have any and I'm gonna want
yours yep anyways there's just a few
weird random turn ons that I have
hopefully I didn't leave you with the
impression that I'm looking for a girl
who shredded covered head-to-toe in tats
with teeth so massive they stay on the
whole scientific community who just
hates everyone wants to give me all of
their money hello
you know for enough money who knows so
if you enjoyed this video be sure to
give it a thumbs up that really helps me
out let's try to get you twenty five
hundred thumbs up because I'm all turned
on now I mean look at this I can cut
glass with these nips make sure you
leave a comment letting me know to turn
on that you have and believe me the
weirder the better oh math what make
sure you add me on snapchat my username
is just Andrew quo and that and the
links to all my other social networks
will be in the description below and
with all that being said I'll see you
guys next week
yeah
