Hey so growing up we're all told the
Internet is a dangerous place filled
with trolls weirdos pedophiles I've seen
a catch a predator I know but in my
experience as a Youtube internet guy I
found the Internet's filled with awesome
people I've made a ton of friends I'm
sure I'm going to have for years if not
for always I've had dates and I've even
had girlfriends that I initially met
online being on the Internet is just
definitely on the list of decisions that
I don't regret however I have had my
fair share of experiences where the
people involved we're not always as
legitimate so obviously as somebody
makes YouTube videos have gotten hate
comments as fine I get that all the time
it's whatever I've been in person in
before I've seen my photos being used on
profiles with names that aren't mine and
lastly and most recently I've been
catfished so for those of you who don't
already catfished is or haven't seen the
movie or the show a catfish is somebody
who takes photos that aren't theirs and
uses them to convince people that
they're somebody that they're not so
today I'm going to be sharing with you
guys my experience with a catfish and
how I busted him it's not too long ago I
had begun talking to this girl through
tumblr this girl was really into me and
she was like smoking hot nevertheless we
go from tumblr to texting and in a very
short amount of time
she asked me to texture a selfie which I
do and I asked her to send me one back
now at this point in the day it's night
time and from what she's told me she
wasn't living too far away from me so
when she texted me a selfie in her car
during what looks to be daylight
suddenly I'm sketched out if you've ever
had someone break your trust or thought
someone was lying to you suddenly
everything they say seems like a lot
it's either that or I'm just incredibly
paranoid both definitely a little bit of
both so I asked her to text me a video
of her just anything you know so that I
know that she actually exists and she
doesn't respond well all right how do I
prove she's fake I can't just stop
talking here I mean I get to the bottom
this I need to know so Google Images has
this service where you can drop a photo
on there and it will show you every
other website that photo appears on so
if I were to do this with her photos and
they were to come up on any other
website with any other name then I would
know she's
fake so why do I know this you're
probably asking if because I don't trust
anyone thick walls
I got thick walls so I go to her blog
and I put some of her photos on Google
and guess what oh yeah I knew it I knew
it who suspected it I suspected it
who boss did it I busted it that
celebration went on for a few days I
told all of my close friends I showed it
a business in which I helped identify
catfish and help find missing people
yeah that one I don't have as much
experiencing but I was just rolling with
it you know I was amped until she
messages me alright so at this point I
was just happy knowing I was right it
takes a little while to get past that
and in that time I never told her that I
knew honestly I didn't really care cuz I
wasn't about to be like you piece of
shit liar
I really wasn't mad at all and I didn't
give away anything personal also if you
guys have seen the movie catfish what
you think is this like hot nice
20-something year old ends up being like
this old lady in her 60s and the only
good thing in her life is talking to
this guy online so I didn't know who
this person was I didn't know the
situation so I didn't want to crush them
so she messages me and you know she's
just saying hey and ever since I had run
her name through Google I knew the
actual name of the person whose photo
she stole so I respond with do you know
who Daniella idiot face is yeah it's a
fake name
this one's an actual real person so
excuse me if the name is not creative
enough for you so she goes yeah it
sounds familiar why you know why her
photos look an awful lot like your
photos Oh some people they have to learn
to be themselves you know true that's
true you're right we should all just be
ourselves all right I'm just gonna come
right out and say it you're not who you
say you are
you've been taking this girl's photos
and using them as your own if I'm wrong
prove it send me a video and this was
the most like glorifying response for me
that she could add yeah I'm fake anyways
that's it that's the story of how I got
catfished since then I have lost all
trust in people now I don't even know if
you guys are real so prove it to me
let's get this video 2,500 thumbs
even then I'm still not a hundred
percent sure you guys are real I mean
giving it a thumbs up would help it
would definitely help no I just feel
like there's more that you could do I
got it add me on snapchat and send the
photo with the caption look I'm real I
swear to God if you do that I will
respond to every single one and well
I'll have a little more trust in our
hearts so my snapchat is Andrew quo it's
one word and it will also be in the
description hey speaking of the
description leave a comment everyone's
had at least one creepy Internet
experience so I want to hear it
nay I must hear it subscribe to me if
you haven't already I'm just gonna go
ahead and announce it officially I'm
making two videos a week now Tuesdays
and Fridays so wish me luck with all
that being said I'll see you guys next
week
ah
