hey so today I'm gonna be talking about
virginity and why it matters I'll tell
you why it doesn't I mean it can if you
want it to but virginity just gets way
too much hype I'm not saying to lose it
when you're 10 alright that's it's gross
and you probably have no idea what
you're doing if you don't feel ready
you're not but there's no dead set age
at which you should have sex for the
first time although I do think would be
hysterical there's an age that you just
had to have sex at so I heard you're 18
now I say it's high time we begin sex
oh I did it but honestly you could wait
till you're 40 and married or just do it
when you're teenager
just make sure that you're ready and by
that I don't mean that it has to be like
a super sentimental moment it doesn't
have to be someone that you're
practically glued to or that you've been
with since you're pregnant moms rub
bellies if it is that's awesome really
specific but awesome I just mean that as
special as you want your first time to
be for yourself to not put that on to
other people what is important is that
you're being safe aka using a condom and
possibly being on the pill and then you
have good communication with your
partner let them know it's your first
time and tell them if there's anything
they could do to make you feel more
comfortable and better about everything
one thing I don't think a lot of people
understand is that sex doesn't make you
a better person you don't become an
adult the day that you have sex you
don't learn to do taxes or suddenly care
about the stock market that comes with
age and math and hating yourself having
sex really only affects you and the
person that you banged also taking
someone's virginity isn't something to
brag about
I know a lot of guys who do this and it
doesn't make you a better person
virginity isn't something that you can
collect hi I just had some awkward bad
sex
oh now on you must call me the virginity
collector at the same time you're not
worse of a person for having sex you're
not a slut for doing it no one should
care it's just a thing you can do and
you did it and most people at some point
in their life are gonna do it just don't
let other people's opinions affect what
you do if that's your biggest concern
the
and you're probably not ready what is
important is not getting STDs not
getting pregnant and of course consent
at the end of the day even if your first
time sucks it's just sex
the only difference putting your first
time and every other time you have sex
is every other time you have sex you can
get progressively better and for your
first time well you got to start
somewhere
anyways I'll have to say about virginity
so do you agree with what I said or did
I horribly offend you let me know the
comments below if you liked this video
make sure that you give it a big thumbs
up that really helps me out we try and
get to 2,000 last time I said 2500
didn't get there but let's say 2000 we
could do it with all that being said
I'll see you guys next
huh
