hey what's going on guys uh today I'm
with my buddy Tom hello and we're going
to talk to you about why was just that
noise
something's dragging a dead body
probably good that's what's hoping so
we're gonna talk today about why girls
go for douche bags
that's something those people are just
like man I'm such a nice guy
I don't know why all these girls like
these douche bags when they should like
me and I think that is the most bullshit
it's the most annoying thing because
there's two kinds of guys the ones who
bitch about like girls only liking
assholes and how they're just a nice guy
and they deserve it and then there's the
ones who don't bitch about it because
they understand that's not really how it
works the biggest thing is I think a lot
of times people mistaken douche bags for
just dudes with confidence or dudes who
you know are like maybe like a little
mean but it's it's to play hard-to-get
it's not even like mean it's just like
there's a difference between like being
like a dick to someone and just like
teasing yeah and you know anything
you can like tease someone and that's
not being mean but some people don't
understand that yeah and then they like
try they'll be like you're a bitch like
there's two kinds of assholes the ones
who that's like a real asshole you know
like leads girls on like cheats and
uh-huh but like then there's the other
kind of asshole that just like goes up
to a girl and doesn't really have a
filter doesn't really care and just does
whatever he wants and the girl kind of
sees and she's like okay I respect that
you know she doesn't he doesn't give a
shit yes this is totally how he
described himself earlier that's exactly
a that is literally what I am I just
don't I don't care there's like this
loser guy and then there's me that's
what we're working with perfect
I think nice guys are actually like kind
of self acclaimed nice guys cuz they
think like oh you know I was there
because you and this dude broke up and I
was there for you and I was there to do
all these things and because I've done
these things for you I'm a nice guy and
because I'm a nice guy you I'm sure like
me yeah you have to have sex with me I
think that's like the absolute worst way
to think about it because nobody's in
town too sexy remember that guy who went
to like the killing spree and is because
these girls wouldn't have sex with him
you know what doctor man I know you died
matters and Callea it was like the most
stupid mentality you could ever have
because it's like dude he was like I
have a really nice car why are they late
and we just need to know how to talk to
girls and that's like really all there
is to it it's not it's not like who you
are
and why they don't like you it's they
don't know who you are
you don't know how to show them I think
that's the most the biggest turnoff for
any girl a guy who's really desperate
yeah you want any but it's kind of like
a self-deprecating circle too because
you're desperate because you're not
getting any I didn't in you not get
easier des protect the rich get richer
and the poor get exactly what I mean so
you have to be able to calm yourself
down not be a conceited prick and think
all right what can I do to actually get
people to talk to me and like have some
interest in Who I am without like
changing anything about me you know nice
guys who call themselves nice guys
typically are in nice guys because
they're always pretending to be nice and
be all these nice they're being nice
friends like games yeah they're nice
sort of they're not genuinely doing it
like expecting something for actually
being a nice guy would just mean that
you're doing things without expecting
anything right you're just doing it
because you know I like seeing that
person smile and that's all I want you
don't I mean if that's it then you're a
nice guy but most people call themselves
nice guys I mean nice guys don't call
themselves nice guys nice guys just do
things for people I call myself an
asshole because I am what a nice guy you
know quote-unquote nice guy would look
at me like that dude's an asshole only
because but yeah you know what I I'll
tease people and like thing is I don't
even do it like as like flirting
sometimes sometimes I just like make fun
but onion ass be friendly way like yeah
my friends I tease all the time and so
it's like looking at everybody's equal
not being like oh girl should all be up
here and then I should just be nice to
them because yeah that's not most guys
look at it they think it goes on a
pedestal yeah and it's like this old
phrase it's like if you put someone on a
pedestal they have no choice but to look
down on you yeah
you know what I mean and it's like this
mentality of she's up here I'm down here
when reality if your mentalities I'm up
here and she's down like it's it you
don't I mean it doesn't exist it's not
it's not fucking real I mean it comes
down to the point that like assholes are
the nice guys and the nice guys are the
assholes typically yeah I mean no no
that's just that's making everything
confusing don't put that in what's your
name anymore I don't even know I'm so
hard anyways that was our talk thanks
Tom for being in my video thank you we
did a video on Tom's channel we talked
about how to tell if a guy is a player
yes so how to tell if he's like us
pretty much pretty much yeah anyways uh
yeah thanks for
the video let's check out the video with
on Tom's channel give this video a
thumbs up and let me know your
experience with nice guys in the
comments below so that being said I'll
see you guys Mich I guess that's alright
cool yeah cool
what's up offered
