so uh new apartment Hey so months ago I
put out a video but the secret things
that men find attractive and today I
thought I would do the exact opposite
the stuff that really grinds our gears
so obviously what I say in this video
can't apply to all guys but generally
speaking this is stuff that a lot of
guys complain about so without further
ado this is some secret things that guy
say so the first thing is being too
clingy
honestly the mentality of wanting what
you can't have really comes into play
when somebody always wants to be around
you it's attractive to know that a girl
has her own life and does her own things
as opposed to having her world feel like
it revolves around you that just makes
us feel uncomfortable we're not going to
drop our friends for you friendships are
consistent and reliable and you can have
them for years or decades and
relationships at least from my
experience lasts you know significantly
less time so next is jealousy so we get
that it can look bad if we talk to a lot
of other girls but honestly if we're in
a relationship you should go to trust us
another we're not going to cheat we're
allowed to have social lives and friends
who are female that's not gonna stop
because we're dating
if you get mad because you see some girl
wrote on our wall on Facebook
that's gonna annoy the hell out of us
we're allowed to have social lives you
just gotta trust that we're not gonna
pull anything you don't trust us then
peace when girls want something without
just saying it look we're not my readers
I don't know what you want and if you
want something then don't just imply it
tell me say something the worst thing is
when a girl's are mad at you and you
don't even know why if you want this to
be resolved or you want me to apologize
you gotta say something if I know I
fucked up I'm Canadian all right sorry
is my middle name
we hate it when girls are caddy by that
I mean I know a lot of girls that are
friends with other girls that they
actually just hate the talk shit about
them all day and then be nice to them in
person generally guys aren't like that
if we don't like someone we just won't
be friends with them and if we're around
them a lot and we'll just be upfront
about the fact that we don't like them
the shit that I have said to some people
I actually feel bad about it but you
know what at least I'm not faking a
friend I know I have no right to tell
you who to be friends with but damn
don't hate your friends I mean
that's all you guys fishing for
compliments if we're dating you you're
gonna hear some compliments if your
boyfriend doesn't say anything they see
you then what the fuck I that's just Y
furthermore if you're genuinely unsure
about how something looks then you know
we'll tell you what we think that's not
what I mean by fishing I mean more like
oh I'm so ugly even that girl's prettier
than me I guess that's my girl voice
literally when you say those things all
we're hearing is listen here you're
gonna tell me that I'm pretty are you
gonna fucking mean it you hear me you
fucking hit just just don't do that last
things when girls try and push their
food choices on us look I know that a
lot of girls going diets and stuff but
us guys don't really care we're not
gonna tell you to go on diets ever I can
tell you how many animals probably died
so you could have a burger just don't do
that to us if your dude knows nothing
about healthy eating then yeah you know
what tell him that a beef only diet
probably isn't the best idea but telling
him what he can and can't eat is just
wrong if you get between dude and his
food you're stepping into some bad
territory I was dating a girl that was
perfect to me in every way
except for the fact that she wouldn't
let me eat steak she'd be dead to me a
bullet wouldn't be able to fly as fast
as the speed that we'd break up at and
that's all I'm gonna say about that
anyways so that's all of our secrets
that I could think of are some of them
blatantly obvious and definitely not
secrets no none of them shut up let me
know in the comments below what else I
and the rest of my gender hates because
I'm sure there's a ton of things I don't
even know I hate I'm just a furious
person I guess be sure to give this
video a thumbs up because that really
helps me out and also be sure to follow
me on tumblr Twitter Instagram Facebook
the links will be in the description
below
with all that being said I'll see you
guys next week
you
