I'll be honest with you I've been
beating around the bush there are some
secrets that people just shouldn't know
but I was never really one for keeping
secrets so today I'm gonna tell you the
secret to getting a guy to like you I'm
talking about the secret to making dudes
fall in love with you without changing
who you are because if you had to change
who you are
then what's even the point sounds
impossible we'll shut up it's not so I'm
gonna reiterate this one more time you
shouldn't change who you are being fake
doesn't accomplish anything people can
smell that a mile away now with
that being said the first thing you need
to do is to make your presence known I
mean how could a guy even like you if he
doesn't know who you are you don't do
anything big I mean I get that some
people are more shy than others and
that's fine things like looking like
you're always having fun can just be
really i grabbing nothing is hotter than
a smile and a nice eye contact what you
mean like yes yeah no let's let's avoid
the creepy psycho gaze another thing
that's really important is body language
you should try and aim for more of a hey
how's it going as opposed to uh hey
how's it going it helps when you're
around him to try and look your best
whatever that may mean to you if it's
your favorite pair of clothes that you
wear or a certain way that you do your
hair whatever you think makes yourself
most attractive if you know you're gonna
be around him it helps doing this is
more for you than for him because when
you're happy with the way that you look
it's gonna show through your confidence
and in turn make you more approachable
be easy to talk to you and by that I
mean be nice and relatable but don't
just mindlessly agree with him if he
says things like you worship Satan
unless you do that as well then you have
my blessing and now that you're the most
approachable version of yourself
you've been approached 100% sure you did
probably maybe hopefully I'm sorry if
you didn't but hey all the fish in the
sea my right anyways hey you gotta play
the dude like uh like some sort of game
that you play man I've really got to
work on my analogies don't be scared to
be his friend let him in on your life
the trick here is to find a balance
between too flirty and too much of a
buddy just enough to get the juices
flowing
ah that's kind of a gross thing to say
now what's most important here is to not
make it seem like you want to hang out
at every possible opportunity be busy is
that when you see each other it's more
of a sick I get to see her
it has been too long as opposed to a I
haven't had a chance to breathe in
months this girl is killing me give him
compliments let me know that you're
single not like oh you're hot and I'm
single
you know we're subtly so first of all
you're hot and I'm I'm not not single
huh yes nailed it and then lastly and
most importantly flirty emojis Congrats
you're married
or where don't you own him he's yours
good job so uh that's all my advice have
fun don't manipulate him so if you
enjoyed this video be sure to give it a
thumbs up and if you have your own way
to get guys to like you leave in the
comments I'm sure people could use more
advice and with all that being said I'll
see you guys next week
