Hey so I don't mean to scare you but if
you mess up on a first date your life is
pretty much over that person's gonna
hate you
they're probably in a blog about you
your parents gonna put you up for
adoption and you're gonna die cold and
alone
lucky God don't go Andrew here to make
sure that that doesn't happen so today
I'm going to tell you how to have the
perfect first date the first thing
you're gonna want to do is to not be
disgusting now a lot of people say you
know be yourself that's the most
important thing and I completely agree
as long as who you are is not an unclean
person and if you are then you got to
change so a shower brush your teeth wear
deodorant clean clothes wear your nice
clothes see I'm I'm doing I'm doing the
thing next thing you want to do is pick
a place to have your data generally
somewhere that serves food or drink is
good because give you something to do
while you get to know each other
you should pay or offer to pay for
things regardless of your gender because
it's just a nice thing to do chivalry is
not dead
anything off the value menu you name it
it's yours alright so preferably not
fast food but you know it depends on
where you want this date to go nothing
wrong with a dumpster hookup that's all
I'm saying that's some should we'll
leave it at that
coffee shops are always a good idea yeah
you get coffee breath but if that's
gonna stop anybody from wanting to kiss
you they're just wrong fucking love
coffee just go somewhere it doesn't
really matter because what's really
important is how you act and what you
say as long as I'm not completely
self-obsessed they're gonna ask about
you and so inevitably you're gonna be
talking about yourself so be sure to not
oversell yourself reasons to date me um
I'll be the best boyfriend that you've
ever had you really need any more
reasons than that no just you know be
sure not to undersell yourself either
wait this is your ex how am I supposed
to compete with that
just be honest talk about your hobbies
your dreams your family what you want to
do before you die um I I want to rob a
bank with nothing but a ski mask on what
okay so obviously withholding weird
stuff until until you know them a little
better but in that case I I would just
never
say that but most importantly ask them
about themself and ask them all the
questions we've already covered and just
let them talk for a very long time
because a first date is supposed to be
funny where you clicking when you don't
and you can't do that by yourself all
right
moving on to the part of the date that
all you sickos get off on how do you end
your date not to worry or anything but I
know as a fact a hundred percent of the
time the ending of a first date might
have something to do with why there
isn't a second one it's a fact google it
don't google it as long as you still
like them after the date and there's no
reason they would suddenly hate you then
go for a kiss why not seals the deal you
know or just bang them I mean I'm not
your dad why should I care make sure
that you tell them you want to hang out
again
and then leave it's usually good to wait
a few days that you don't look like you
have just been thinking about them the
whole time even if that's exactly what
you've been doing in those few days
don't stalk them don't tell everyone
that you're dating them one time I went
out with a girl and the first date was
great
no problems but the next day I didn't
message her and so she messages me
curious that I didn't talk to her thing
I was like ignoring her or something and
I didn't talk to her after that
that was weird it freaked me out and I
stayed away so uh don't do that just be
chill and they'll come sprinting to you
I'm sure well I hope that you found this
video helpful everything in it was my
opinion so if you disagree or agree with
it let me know in the comments also tell
me stories about your craziest first
date because I'm sure you guys probably
have some crazy ones lastly and most
importantly I'm gonna be in Philadelphia
May 10th for this event called press
play so if you live anywhere nearby and
you think you can make it the tickets
are pretty cheap I think they start at
$15 so I'll put a link to that in the
description and it'd be really cool if
you could come there's gonna be a lot of
other sweet youtubers and Viners and
instagramers there so all I'm saying is
it be cool to meet some of you on that
note make sure that if you're not
already that you subscribe to me because
I make new videos every Friday and I'll
see you guys next
yeah
