hey guys so I don't know if you've ever
been in a relationship or not but even
movies made clear that breaking up sucks
but today I'm here tell you that if
those would always have - maybe it's not
possible to have a completely perfect
breakup but there's definitely a ton of
ways to make it not awful and so today
I'm gonna be sharing some of my tips on
how to do that tip 1 never text a
breakup this one should be obvious I
mean ideally breaking up with somebody
should always be in person but you know
if they live it distance away over the
phone don't text it don't email it don't
just change a relationship status on
facebook and then like never talk to
them again just act like an adult and
have a conversation with them
I mean how little of a shoot you have to
give about somebody just text a breakup
dumped now who wants to bang tip number
two don't do it in public
breaking up in public just suggests that
you're scared your partner's gonna make
a scene so you take them somewhere
public so they'll be too shy to I don't
know where you guys but if that were to
happen to me I would intentionally make
a scene just to humiliate them and then
I get on the ground and grab the leg and
wrap my arms and legs around it and just
scream Wow and this video started off
with helpful advice what have I done
tip three don't blame them this tips
most easily explains their example so
I'm gonna break up with you in two ways
and we'll just see which one you prefer
look I care about you
I really do but I just can't do this
right now I there's so much going on in
my life right now and I I just don't
have the time I've just been really
overwhelmed lately and you know the last
thing I want is for you to blame
yourself because in all honesty I think
you just deserve someone much better
than me I haven't been paying enough
attention to you and I think you deserve
somebody who just loves you and
listening gives you all the time in the
world and I know I'm not doing that so I
think it's best if we break up pretty
good or look I'm sorry but I don't know
maybe if you stopped wearing that stupid
fucking sweater and putting some
deodorant every once in a while I'd have
at least some physical attraction to you
and doesn't help that you're stupid and
annoying remember all those times I told
you weren't the worst singer in the
world I was lying through my teeth I'm
actually kind of surprised that you
believe me because I was literally
chuckling as I said it so I personally
think that the first one was a lot nicer
but you know that's just me
I'm not saying to lie to your partner
when you break up with them just saying
to make it easier by not telling them
everything wrong with them but if
there's like a lot of things wrong with
them then yeah you should you should
probably just lie look to be honest I'm
just breaking up with you because I
think that you're five times the person
I am your personality is like
combination of Ellen DeGeneres and
Beyonce I mean you can have anybody you
wanted and I just feel selfish hogging
you all to myself
tip four be willing to talk being open
to communication is essential to the
break-up process generally speaking one
little conversation isn't enough closure
for months or years of a relationship so
try and be as supportive as possible and
be willing to talk to them if and when
they ever need to just make sure to not
be like hey remember that time I dumped
you jokes why are you laughing but
rather try something a little more like
look I'm here and ready to talk whenever
you are I'm never getting back together
with you not in a million years you
couldn't pay me to look depends how much
you guys tip five give them some space
so just because you're open to talking
doesn't mean that they're necessarily
gonna want to some people just want
space and won't want to see you for a
while just make sure that you respect
that and leave them alone for a little
while I know a lot of people trying to
take friends after relationship ends but
it can be hard as long as there are
still feelings there some people myself
included just need some time away from
their ex to get over them and once you
do you can totally be friends oh my god
thank you I haven't seen you in forever
how are you doing me I'm doing great I'm
dating this girl now ten times hotter
than you ever were it's the good life
yeah you should probably not say that to
anybody ever
and lastly step six just kill if there's
any signs of pain regret feelings that
just won't do so kill him I'm just
kidding there's only five steps
seriously kill him well hey that was the
video I hope you liked it if you did be
sure to give it a thumbs up and leave a
little comment telling me your
tips on how to make breakups easier if
you don't already subscribe to me you
should be because I make sweet vids
every Friday and with all that being
said I'll see you guys next week at
playlist live which I'll be attending
also see you next week on this channel
but yeah I'll be a playlist so if you're
going make sure that you're following me
on Twitter to find out where I'm at so
we can hang out my link to that will be
in the description and I already kind of
blew my finishing line so
you
