just terrifying enough to work hi I'm
major so Valentine's Day just passed and
I've noticed this is the time of year
that everybody likes to complain about
being single which i think is a huge
problem with our generation we grow up
watching romantic comedies and Disney
movies and all these things that tell us
we should be dating and getting married
and spend all of our times in
relationships because that's how we find
happiness I'm 20 years old and I've
spent over two years of my life in
relationships and personally I'm stoked
about being single and today I'm gonna
be giving you 10 reasons why you should
be - number one you have to give
attention to the most important person
of all you you imagine sharing this
number two the toilet seat stays exactly
where you leave it number three you
don't want to do anything you don't have
to this one specifically applies to me a
solid six out of seven days of the week
I'm um I'm a lazy bum number four your
room can both be and stay messy without
anyone judging you well you just don't
have to let anyone into your room number
five you have no reason to wake up wait
that sounds suicidal not how I meant it
I mean like on weekends your friends are
gonna try and wake you up if an alarm
can't do it no one should be able to
there were six if you're single you
don't got to talk to anybody you don't
want to talk to if you're in a
relationship you go talk to their
friends you go talk to their family you
got to try and be polite you gotta be
interested in their lives or be single
and not have to worry about any of that
I'm just saying you can't fight facts
number seven you're too young to be so
committed look if you're watching this
video you're most likely my age or
younger and that means that you have the
vast majority of your life ahead of you
and you should be doing awesome stuff
with that time you should be I don't
know skydiving you should be hanging out
with your friends go to parties live it
up for a little while because once
you're in a relationship things get a
lot less exciting and save that for when
you're 38 that's ten but if you subtract
you with eight way less distractions
what you got homework you should be
doing you got some goals you should
reach if you're single you got all the
time in the world to do it or you know
you can spend more time on tumblr I mean
I still consider that being productive
number
9 you don't have to be hygienic at all
don't want to change your clothes today
don't no one's gonna notice see I didn't
want to shave today and guess what I
didn't suck it and number 10 you can
flirt with anyone or everyone granted
you should probably be hygienic if we're
gonna do this but you know being clean
everyone some was a good idea anyways
that's the video I hope you liked it if
you did be sure to give it a thumbs up
and leave a comment tell me what you
enjoy about being single if you're not
already subscribed to my channel I make
new videos every Friday
almost every Friday and with all that
being said I'll see you guys next week
