hey recently I've been getting some
tweets saying Andrew how do I know if
this guy likes me it's driving me crazy
so today I thought I would share with
you some signs guys give to tell you
that they'd like you to be honest if a
guy likes you he's gonna make it
painfully obvious so here's some things
to look out for if he's talking to
somebody else but he keeps looking at
you and trying to get you involved in
the conversation haha
that's so funny hey does that ever
happen to you he likes you if he subtly
mentions that he works out oh no plan so
later on you gonna just gonna go to the
gym sup gotta go a little easy on the
bench press next time I think I might
have gone a little too hard
you know what I mean he likes you if
he's always smiling at you and laughing
at your jokes even if he clearly doesn't
get it haha good one
why you were so funny I think it's safe
to say that he likes you if he takes a
long time to text back now I'm gonna
wait six hours he likes you or he
fucking hates you I mean that one that
one kind of goes either way every time
you talk to him you make some serious
eye contact Wow so like give any
siblings
yeah that but uh but less creepy then uh
then he likes you he ever casually
touches you in conversation you know
gives you like a little pat on the back
or touches your arm or something Shh
could be okay Shh oh definitely not like
that but regularly then he likes you if
he's ever teasing you you look fucking
terrible today yeah no not like that
way less harsh okay whatever geek
whatever nerd whatever dork then I think
it's safe to say he likes you so that's
all I got for this week but if you liked
it be sure to give it a thumbs up that
really helps me out and subscribe I make
new videos every Friday with all that
being said I'll see you guys next week
