oh hey wasn't expecting you guys till
later but uh he caught me in the middle
of my trip to the balcony workout but I
guess you guys come on in
tag along this is my place you know I
can keep it pretty simple
I just wanna you can give me away my
creative juices this is where I stay
when I arrived usually you know yeah the
living room over here yeah yeah shop
fest over at the detail and my personal
favorite where I go yeah I usually come
out here a couple of times a day just to
think do you play about things really
sort out what's in my mind you know it's
quite beautiful
oh sorry about that I just had a moment
of deep intro personal reflection
anyways let's move on we're just making
her way to the kitchen now not for the
faint of heart mind you because we have
had some minor cockroach problems in the
past now you know what that may bug my
roommates me personally I just like to
see his extra protein in my food but I
mean right now there was a really big
one like really close to you so hey so
we're just making our way down the hall
now and in an act to constantly better
myself I've taken it upon myself to
shelter some homeless people so this is
one's room where he stays under bridge
okay I pay rent just like you guys
unless it's disrespectful and ridiculous
you're filming in them Wow look inside
his room he uh this all got here so um
that was a little awkward but here's my
other roommates room Caleb
feel free to uh go on in there good
opportunity to do my Caleb's room work
if I do get better Caleb's room you know
he hates it when you work out in here
this guy gets wet on everything
alright so we're coming to the end of
the tour and this is the keys quote ours
it's it's alright if you didn't get that
anyways this is my chambers this is you
know where relax I've slept many as
sleeps right here in this bed and you
know if you follow me this way you'll
see where you're a coon sorry I just
couldn't help myself that draws it in
for apartment or I feel like the video
be sure to give it a big thumbs up
subscribe if you haven't already I make
you
or try to eat every Friday so that being
said I'll see you guys next week
