how great would it be if you can make
someone else fall in love with you no
more wondering how serious they are
about you just straight fall in love
think about how great that could be
think about how much you could
manipulate them I'm just kidding I would
never do that
no but seriously it'd be nice right well
obviously I can't give you some spell to
just cast on someone there's a whole
freewill debate that could be had over
something like that but there is
something that you can do there are
certain things that you can say to a guy
I'm not making this up
now when you say to him he will convince
himself to like you more and maybe even
love you and it's because he enjoys
hearing these things so much that sounds
impossible right trust me not only is it
possible but it's actually pretty easy
too today I want to talk about five
phrases that you could say to a guy that
will make him fall in love with you
first off you need to know that guy is a
whole regardless of what you might think
have to deal with a ton of insecurities
we might not talk about it a lot but
believe me we are constantly judging
ourselves on whether or not we're
masculine enough or smart enough or
good-looking etc and the list
honestly goes on forever I mean we tell
ourselves one thing but actually hearing
it from someone else
without feeling like they were in any
way incentivized to do it or anything
like that it just makes us feel way
better about ourselves but it also
matters who it's coming from
you can't just hear from a stranger and
be like you know what that stranger
they're right I should believe in myself
more there are people whose opinions we
deeply care about sometimes even when we
shouldn't put that on them and our
people whose opinions we just don't care
about so if you came to this video to
try and get some guy to fall in love
with you who you've never talked to or
maybe a guy who do you know right now
isn't interested the bad news is there's
no magical way to make someone who's not
into you into you but if he's into you
or you think he might be into you or
it's your first date and you're just
trying to hit the ground running any
relationship that you could have where
he would value your opinion let's go
work so to start you're such a gentleman
when you're with me if he's holding
doors open for you making sure you get
home safe walking to your car
nice stuff like that we're just any
number of things that shows he cares
this is just such a great thing for him
to hear
in fact just in general words like
gentlemen and chivalrous don't get used
anymore and I think it is a damn shame
because they say way more than the
average compliment as opposed to like
wow you are so dope my dude you are sick
AF my friend of all the guys I know you
are by far the most not bad
honestly I crave affection so much that
last one would probably work on me but
probably no one else the next phrase on
this list is you're so interesting we're
just anything that's kind of along the
vein of you know so much because well
honestly as I said before guys are
insecure when they share cool things
they know or give you fun facts on
something or just talk about anything
that they're interested in what they're
really trying to do is impress you and I
think a lot of the time people tend to
soften their compliments they don't come
on too strong and I think that's really
dumb when a girl is forward with me on a
date or something and says you're so
interesting that makes me feel amazing I
feel good about myself and just in
general why would you want to go out
with somebody who doesn't make you feel
good about yourself unless you like me
and have severe daddy issues but I think
that's mostly just me the next phrase in
this list and a personal favorite is
I've never met a guy as motivated as you
and you can swap motivated with
determined or hard-working or ambitious
any any of those would really work the
point is generally the same if a guy's
working hard and it can be on school on
work on just a hobby or just something
new odds are no one's gonna appreciate
what he's doing I mean in general I
think most people only get appreciation
for stuff once it's done like once you
have a finished product to show people
and the act of just trying usually goes
unappreciated hearing that you're doing
a good job or at least that your
motivation is admirable it makes us want
to keep going and any doubts we have
about what we're doing just completely
go away when someone we care about
reassures us what we're doing is good
and as I said before it any girl who
makes a guy feel better with himself is
a girl that they're gonna keep around
and finally probably the one that makes
us feel the most appreciate
I can't wait to see you again or just
alternatively I missed you this just
says so much while saying so little you
know it says you're someone who I always
want to be around I like myself more
when I'm with you you make me happy it's
just great to know when you have a
significant positive effect on someone
that you care about so much so that
you're already looking forward to seeing
them again and without getting into
every single insecurity a guy has this
says I like you for you and I just think
though that's something that every guy
appreciates hearing every once in a
while anyway thank you for watching this
video and I hope that you would enjoyed
it maybe you learned a thing or two if
you did smash that thumbs up button and
let me know in the comments what is the
nicest thing you've ever been told by
someone that you liked on screen right
now are a few of my favorite comments my
last video or asked you guys about if
you've ever had to hint to someone that
you weren't into them and maybe how you
went about doing that and remember I do
this every single week so if you want to
get your comment featured make sure you
leave a comment down below I want to
give a big Instagram shadow to Blancas
who's a new follower and gave me a nice
little spam thank you I hope that you
enjoy my feet going forward also L&L I'm
sorry if I've mispronounced your name
she commented on my last video that my
smile makes me look vulnerable I'm gonna
take that as a compliment and not as a
predator hunting down its prey but thank
you lastly Addie who spammed to the hell
out of me and has a cute dog in the
profile picture so how could you not
like Addie
so definitely go check out those three
and also make sure that you're following
me and active on mine stream if you want
to get featured next week my Instagram
is just Andrew quo it's super easy it'll
be in the link below so you should just
check it out and have a great time there
finally subscribe me never miss an
upload click right over there if you
want more advice videos and without
being said I'll see you next week peace
