hey guys so today what I'm going to do
is a cover of youtube.com slash mutant
boyfriend's a mash-up of tick-tock and
Wonderwall so yeah I just got this new
audio equipment kind of just wave me
testing it out oh my god
shut up sorry I have I have this
roommate and he's just always trying to
get in on what I'm doing he's just like
 mind your own you know that was
further ado here's a song
wake up in the morning feeling like P
Judy grab my glasses about the door I'm
gonna hit the city before I leave brush
my teeth with a bottle a jack cuz when I
leave for the night I ain't coming back
I'm talking pedicures on our toes trying
on all our clothes boys blowing up our
phones drop-top and playing our favorite
cds going up to the party is trying to
get a little bit tipsy don't stop make
it pop DJ blow my speakers up tonight
i'mma fight til we see the sunlight tick
tock on the clock but the party don't
stop no
Oh
got a care in the world but got plenty
of beer ain't got no money in my pocket
but I'm already here now the dudes are
lining up cuz they hear we got swagger
but we kick them to the curb unless they
look like mick jagger I'm talking about
everybody getting crunk boys trying to
touch my junk gonna smack him if he gets
you drunk now now we go into the kick
ass out or the police shut us down
wholly shut us down po-po shut us down
don't stop make it pop DJ blow my
speakers up tonight i'mma fight til we
see the sunlight tick tock on the clock
but the party don't stop don't stop make
it pop DJ blow my speakers up tonight
i'mma fight til we see the sunlight tick
tock on the clock but the party don't
stop no
Oh Oh a dad
