so I've done a lot of videos on topics
like how to get a guy into you how to
tell if he's interested things that guys
like etc etc but something I don't
really focus on is the the subtle ways
guys tell you that they're not
interested and honestly it can be pretty
hard to spot if you're looking through
love goggles I mean you can interpret
him asking you a question as flirting
even though sometimes it's really just
it's just a question so today I want to
try and help by giving you some obvious
signs and some easy tests that you can
do to find out whether or not he's
actually down so let's just get on into
it the easiest and biggest giveaway that
he's not down to clown is that he just
makes no effort to text you to hang out
with you just to keep the conversation
going if he's being short with you in
any of these kind of texts it's not a
good sign but I mean maybe he's just
awkward or about a texture or very
forgetful and I don't think if this just
happens like once or twice that's a
really big deal but if it starts
happening pretty frequently you should
probably see if he's doing the other
signs in this list because right now is
looking like you might not be feeling it
the next red flag is if he doesn't
remember things a big factor in seeing
if someone likes you is if you tell him
something about yourself or even just a
random fact he'll remember a lot more of
it so it really just makes sense that if
he's not interested he'll forget even
the most basic stuff you tell them and I
mean this could really be anything like
if you offers you peanuts and you are
very notably deathly allergic to peanuts
you must really not care speaking of not
caring another big red flag is that he
does not care about your relationships
with other guys in a relationship I am
the furthest thing from a jealous person
but if I like someone and I hear about
them hanging out with some dude or see
them chatting it up really hard I'm
gonna get jealous cuz if I haven't asked
her out yet or talked to her all that
much for all I know these two lovebirds
are about to run off together and live
the rest though I was very happily and
I'll be damned if that happens and it's
him and not me I probably wouldn't
actually do anything but it would bug me
to no end because mentally I wanted that
but I just hadn't made a move yet anyway
someone who's not interested would act
the opposite of that you'd be flirting
with another guy
in front of him and he would even notice
because he's not interest he's not
threatened by another dude if he's not
ante and then on the reverse side of
that is if he's not interested he'll
have no problem talking to girls or
about girls around you and it doesn't
have to be oh I want to get up in that
or anything that crass it could it could
literally be anything slight for example
if I'm around a girl that I like the
only time I will ever say the words
who's that is in reference to some dude
because I'm like oh what is the nature
of your relationship just like being on
boyfriend alert you're not dating him
good morning guys not interested in a
girl around her he's way more likely to
ask who's that about a girl instead of a
guy because at this point is not
threatened by any potential boyfriends
he's seeing a girl that you might be
friends with and being like oh damn
who's that and I think even beyond that
we'll might be more noticeable is that
he'll probably just check out girls
around you and he'll probably be pretty
obvious about it too because he's not in
any way worried about you noticing
because not India another really big red
flag is that he will never ask about
your life if you've ever asked someone a
question like how many siblings do you
have four what's your favorite thing
generally the thing to do if you want to
continue talking to this person is to
answer with some details right like I
have an older sister she does this etc
but if he's not interested he might just
be short with you an answer in just a
few words let alone ask you anything
back and then there people are just
super into themselves and we'll give you
a very long and detailed explanation
answering the question and just never
ask you these are the people who just
want to talk about themselves India or
not don't don't date these people number
six or seven or I don't know I just
picked a random number really cuz I'm
keeping count is if you try and make
plans with him and he never has time
maybe he agrees to hang out and then
bails last minute or maybe he's just
busy all the time the thing is this is
kind of BS because if someone's into you
even if their life is super busy they're
either gonna find a way to make it work
and spend some time with you or they're
at least
to find a way to make it very obvious
that they're really trying maybe
weekends are terrible but next Thursday
night I could do for three hours
anything that shows that even though
it's not easy he wants to see you
and if he's not willing to put in that
effort then he probably doesn't really
care and the final red flag is that he
just doesn't treat you any differently
than anyone else maybe you're just one
of the guys to him if he's nice but
never too nice maybe he's just a nice
person or if it seems like he's flirting
but he's also like that with other girls
maybe it's just a really flirty type of
person that's just his personality it
doesn't necessarily mean anything and I
think that's where a lot of people get
rubbed the wrong way because the fact is
everything comes down to context I have
done a ton of the things that I've said
in my own videos that guys do when they
like girls to girls that are just my
friends and it's because there's more to
flirting than just smiling and asking
someone questions there's a vibe there's
a mutual understanding when it's two
people who are genuinely flirting with
each other there's a I'm into this
person and I'm pretty sure this person's
into me but that's going through both of
their heads so if it is keeping you up
at night wondering if this guy likes you
back and you've gotten no real signs
that he does it's nice to say he
probably doesn't and that's not to say
that he never will maybe he doesn't even
know that you like him or that you even
like an option and even if he does it's
not to say there's anything wrong with
you
he's just not down that is something
that I think everyone on earth deals
with the one partner another though get
a tub of ice cream and cry about it I
know that's what I do anyway thank you
watching this video and if you enjoyed
it please let me know by giving it a big
thumbs up and let me know in the
comments if you've ever I did hate to
someone that you weren't interested in
them and what you did I'm really excited
to read that so please down below on
screen right now are some of my favorite
comments from the last video where I
asked you guys what are some of the
craziest first lines people have used to
introduce themselves and just rember I
do this every week so make sure you
leave your comment down below so I can
feature you in my next video I also want
to give a big shout out to Madison Young
who I'm pretty sure like every single
photo of mine so holy crap Thank You
Madison Europe s also Shannon
huge adorable comment on my last pics oh
you're adorable thank you so much and
also shout out to Melissa who's a new
follower and you're from my city so how
can I not like you so go follow those
three and make sure you're following me
and active on my Instagram to get
featured next week my Instagram and
olysio quo so it's pretty pretty easy to
remember it's also gonna be the
description below so you can just click
that finally it subscribe to me so you
never miss an upload and click over here
to watch more advice videos and with all
that being said I'll see you next time
peace
