so ever since the hashtag me too started
gaining momentum and spreading this
positive message of people no longer
willing to quietly take abuse I couldn't
help but think about my family's history
with abuse more specifically my mom's
and it's something that I've never
really talked about on here before after
speaking to my mom about this idea we
came to the conclusion that maybe we can
make some good out of something terrible
to happen so hopefully hopefully this
video can help somewhat and I think just
in general any means of adding to the
conversation or adding some momentum to
this hashtag can only do good so here's
what happened last year in June my mom
had just broken up with her ex I had
only met him once and honestly he seemed
really boring he was apparently super
smart and super successful but when we
sat down for dinner I couldn't really
talk to him about anything he was kind
of socially really awkward and just
clearly our interests did not at all
align but for my mom's sake I tried
anyway because she was clearly very
hopeful we would get along but I don't
know he just seemed kind of creepy so a
few months after I met him my mom told
me in private that their relationship
was on the rocks he was very controlling
and when she tried to break up with him
he wrapped his hands around her neck and
choked her now that drove me up the
goddamn wall I had never heard of my mom
getting hurt like in general by a guy
you know immediately my first instinct
was like where is this guy but but she
told me calm down she said it was over
it's done we broke up that's it so as
far as I believed that was the end of
that I've never had a relationship that
didn't end when I knew it was done so I
believed her and something you need to
understand about my mom is she's not one
of those women in crime shows who you
know they can abused by their boyfriend
and then they they defend them and they
come crawling back to them she is the
total opposite of that my mom's a total
fighter and she's strong and confident
and
countless times when I've been ripped
off she's yelled at people and like
gotten it taken care of now on this
thing I think she thrives when she's
single she loves it she's always off
doing her own thing like she does no
need to be in a relationship so I knew
definitively when she told me it was
over with this guy that was it and from
her perspective it was over so last June
one morning I wake up at 7:00 a.m. to a
phone call from my uncle saying that my
mom has been hospitalized that her ex
broke into her house and tried to kill
her I don't think anyone can really
understand how it feels hearing that
unless you've been through something
somewhere it kind of just felt like it
like it wasn't real like it didn't
actually I was gonna wake up and then
BOOM back to normal and just of all
people my mom's a badass like that
because I thought that doesn't happen to
people like that so right after the
phone call I hopped in an uber and got
to that hospital as quickly as I could
but at her request I wasn't allowed into
her room until all of the doctors had
cleaned up the blood so it didn't look
as bad of course her first priority is
trying to shield me from any of this and
so when I finally let in I sit next to
her and from the side that I'm on this
is this is the part that like I it's
still like burned in my brain from the
side that I'm sitting on she looks
completely fine but when she turns her
head to look at me like half of her face
bruised and discolored and I didn't look
like my mom and I think what was even
more troubling was how she was acting
because she's always very confident very
vocal about what she wants and and she
she really seemed afraid which I've
never seen from her she was talking
about buying a gun to have under her
pillow to feel safe and my mom's always
been completely against guns and
anything like that
but she was just terrified and I mean I
can't blame her she was asleep in her
bed when this all went down like if you
can't feel safe there where can you feel
safe
so here's exactly what I was told
happened prior to this going on I think
he had just lost his job so I was kind
of the last straw being broken up with
so he shows up drunk on my mom's place
with nothing but a hammer and smashes
the glass on the door and then reaches
in to unlock it and goes upstairs to
where my mom's from a Miss and he tells
her that he's gonna kill her and then
kill himself
my mom tries to fight back but she can't
I mean this guy's bigger and stronger
than she is so all she can really do is
scream and thank God she does because a
neighbor hears and ends up calling out
on one and that's how the police saved
my mom's life really when the cops
finally showed up he was on top of my
mom in the room that I grew up in they
broke it up and arrested him and took my
mom to the hospital so after a few hours
at the hospital with my mom I go to my
mom's house to help clean up with my
uncle and we sweep up the glass from the
door and I scrub the bloodstains out
from my mom's room and then from my old
room the whole thing just feels like a
nightmare like I've I that was the room
I grew up in and there's like a
body-shaped
blood stained and then you want to have
the most bullshit I believe or not the
guy who the guy responsible for this he
got released from jail that same day on
bail as largely because he was a
successful guy with no criminal history
in the past so he was just I'll have to
walk free the same day what I don't
think was taken into account is the fact
that he had just lost his job he just
you know been broken up with he didn't I
don't think he had anything really to
look forward to or anything to focus on
except my mom so my whole family we were
terrified if you say you're gonna kill
someone and then kill yourself
there's you don't you're basically
saying there's nothing left to lose so
like why wouldn't you just try it again
so just to help my mom feel safe for a
little while she flew out and stayed
with a relative for a little while and
even though my mom's ex was out on bail
I guess he was still under house arrest
and my mom had her a straining order and
within like 2 weeks he broke them and
thank God my mom wasn't at home at the
time I don't know where he went but he
violated his house arrest and so he was
brought in to jail to await his hearing
which was set for like a year from then
so update to this year to the actual
trial happening and he was found guilty
and was sentenced to three years in
prison but that includes the time he's
already spent which technically counts
for time and a half because it's it's it
was time that he served before he was
found guilty and after all of the time
has been considered he he basically got
out a few months ago and my mom had to
move out of the house that she's lived
in for over a decade and she loved that
house but you know to feel safe ever
again she can't live there obviously
this isn't the same thing as the Harvey
Weinstein situation it's not you know
sexual like manipulation but it's abuse
from someone who has power and they're
using them on people
who in that situation don't have any
power like before all this happened he
had a ton of money and a great job and
no criminal record but getting dumped
was a situation in which she had no
control and I I think you couldn't
handle that I mean he took it out on my
mom when you're in a relationship and
you're the bigger and stronger person
it's an abuse of power to to lash out at
the people at the person that you're
with I mean what chance do they stand
what what kind of weak disgusting person
would take out their anger on someone
who can't fight back
it honestly it
me feel sick too feel entitled to other
people to think it's it's something that
you have the right to do to take away
someone else's choice and you know I
don't know how we can ever fix this but
these people have to realize you can't
own another person I don't no matter how
successful or rich you are you can buy
all the things in the world but you
can't you can't acquire people's like
free will you can't take away someone's
choice and just as a message to all of
my followers you can even if you like
someone that doesn't entitle them to
anything from you and you know this can
apply in a million different ways if you
don't want to sleep with someone one
night even if they're your boyfriend or
something like you don't have to do that
if you want to break up with someone and
they you know they threatened to kill
themself if that's incredibly abusive
and you shouldn't their life shouldn't
be in your hands it's not your it's
their life like it's their choice to say
that if you if you want to have a social
life and they're very controlling and
don't want you to talk to your friends
or something like that's messed up all
of these things or you're right and
don't don't ever give someone the power
to take that away from you
anyway that that's all that I wanted to
share obviously this week's video is not
like what I usually do so I'm not going
to be doing you know the the shouting
out people's comments or people on
Instagram that's all gonna go until next
week but I hope that maybe you learned
something from this video and yeah thank
you for listening I'll see you next week
