this video is sponsored by stink bombs
by Tomy toys hi before we even get into
any of the video let me just say sorry
it's been so long I haven't posted right
now I'm incredibly sick um I've been to
the walking clinic twice in the last
like three days and I'm gonna go back
today I'm not dying I don't think but
yeah if my voice is weird it's because
I'm recovering from strep throat so I
thought I would just put that out there
there are some things that guys do that
we will just never admit to not that
it's intensely intimate or illegal or
anything like that but for one reason or
another maybe it's not socially
acceptable or just not manly we will
take it with us to our graves most guys
you know we we have a lot of pride and
even though we might talk to some other
guys about some of these things usually
that we don't want girls knowing any of
them but hey that's why I'm here to
speak on everyone else's behalf and you
might hear some of these things and
think no way he doesn't do that but odds
are you are wrong anyway let's just get
right into it here are 10 secret things
guys do that they will not admit number
one still thinking farts are funny yeah
when you're not around we let loose no
farts are funny it's just a weird loud
obnoxious noise and one thing that I
found really entertaining recently was
the sponsor of today's video the app
stink bombs but tell me if you don't
already know what it is stink bombs is a
free app for all ages that just has a
laugh at farts they have all these cute
but also like kind of gross characters
that just have me my friends all dying
there's spicy sweaty Ripper groaner and
the app has all these great features
like an emoji keyboard you can send some
of these characters to your friends and
even a stink ometer so you can find out
where that smells really coming from I'm
gonna send my dad a groaner and we're
gonna see what he thinks
huh what he likes it oh wait I think
he's actually about to say something
else what I'm I'm slow this is smooth
well that's progress anyway as I said
before it is a free app so there's
nothing stopping you from just trying it
out I will put the link in the
description so you can check it out and
you know share some that fun with your
friends anyway
on to number two re wearing underwear if
it doesn't smell funky ok so the point
of changing clothes in general is
because the old ones are dirty right but
if I don't go outside all day and if I'm
in air conditioning so I'm not like
sweaty or anything then my clothes
aren't dirty and just in general my very
sick week excluded I am usually not a
very sweaty person so smell if something
smells then I know ok like this is dirty
this is gross and then I'll wash it well
it seems pretty common sense to me
number three re wearing jeans like crazy
alright so more of the story here is
guys just rewear clothes but jeans more
than anything else because I mean the
underwear is the stuff that gets dirty
like jeans don't get dirty it's not like
a mud-wrestling or like you know as long
as they're not getting stained like why
do you need to wash it I'm like even
with your shirt you know even having an
undershirt or something when someone
hugs you they'll smell your shirt so if
it's gross you should definitely
definitely wash it but like no one's
smelling your jeans not they smelt bad
but they don't need to smell like
detergent like if they don't smell like
anything that's fine
I donno is that weird tell me if this is
crazy or not to you I feel like this
video is really just me exposing myself
but I swear to you a ton of guys
actually do this number four guys stalk
girls social media I don't know like
girls seem to think that only they do
this guys will do this like a hundred
times over in fact even if you're like
exes he probably still checks your
Instagram every once in a while just to
just to see what's up it's not like a
damn I'm hopelessly in love
not necessarily I mean maybe for some
guys it is it's just like uh-huh yes
this person and if they're my ex no I
don't want them to die but I hope that
they're not doing too well either and on
a separate note if there's someone that
we're interested in we just go back
continuously just fantasize about dating
them and if we are dating them
we'll stock their socials just to be
like hell yeah go me in any case more
than anything else on this list guys
through this number five
he watches chick flicks on its own you
know chick flicks rom-coms I've seen
Fifty Shades of Grey it wasn't good
some guys like these movies as much as
or more than girls and there's nothing
wrong with that for me personally I just
kind of want to see what the hypes about
like with Mean Girls that movies so
praised and quoted online what is it
gonna do not watch it absolutely not and
then you know when it comes to rom-coms
half of that is comedy and so I don't I
don't like hate the romance but the
comedy obviously is like the best part
and getting both it's great rom-coms
honestly there should be no stigma like
in general whatsoever they are like as
manly as they are curly and it's not a
rom-com but I've also been judged the
Twilight Saga
and I am on Team Jacob I don't
understand why anybody would be on Team
Edward I mean this dude is literally
being a stalker and like always being
like weird and creepy whereas like
there's another dude who him and his
buddies turn the packs of wolves and
just try and protect you I'm getting too
heated let's uh let's move on six it
does not matter what shape he is in he
is self-conscious about his body if
you're overweight you wish you were
skinnier and if you're underway you wish
you were heavier even if you are fit
you're comparing yourself to guys who
are more fit than you and there are
always people more fit than you
obviously girls have body standards to
live up to because you see them talked
about all the time everywhere but guys
do just as much as girls and I think
that you could make the argument that
guy standards are even harder to live up
to because when girls are just supposed
to be skinny and I mean some girls are
just born like already skinny like they
grow up and like you're done and you
have a fast metabolism so it like
doesn't change guys have to be like
jacked which actively takes so much time
and effort if you got to go to the gym
like four or five times a week and eat
right like count
like it's it's crazy how difficult it is
to like really have a like large amount
of muscle like at least for me
personally I have stayed up like put off
sleep many nights because it was like I
just needed to get a few more calories
and you know I was mid bulk I don't know
clearly it's very messed up for both
genders but all I can say is if you're
dating a guy just let him know and you
like his body because it's always nice
to hear number seven he wants you to
offer to split the bill literally every
time like it's not about you actually
splitting it but it's about you offering
like all it does is tell him that the
whole date isn't you just trying to eat
for free cuz some some girls literally
go into it just to get free food and it
has happened to myself and tons of my
friends one good friend of mine was
telling me recently that right off the
bat the girl he was on a date with told
him that she doesn't pay for the first
she doesn't help pay for the first five
dates and he has to pay for all of that
maybe guys who are rich are into taking
care of someone but not me and not with
this wallet and even my friends who make
good money are not into it and I don't
think it's about like oh well it's
twenty eighteen times are changing it's
literally just a nice thing to do like
we both want to be here I'm not just
buying your time just my opinion on the
matter number eight he's self-conscious
about your guy friends because you're a
babe I'm sure that it's nothing to worry
about but if you have guy friends the
thought will inevitably cross his mind
it's not because he's insecure about
your relationship it's because if he's
your boyfriend then he knows that you're
a total babe and if he were them he
would want to date you and therefore
they must as well now obviously that is
completely overlooking the fact that
maybe you guys have been friends for
forever and neither you nor he see your
relationship in that way but it's not
like he understands that the way that
you do because he doesn't know the ins
and outs of your relationship but he
hasn't lived the years of friendship
that you had I am a hundred percent of
the mindset that I hope isn't
controversial because I've had this
argument before but I believe that guys
and girls can be just friends like
without any feelings involved even if
you're both beautiful people you can
just see each other as more than that
for me at least that's kind of dope
because friends at least for me have
lasted my entire life and you know
relationships yeah maybe a year maybe
two hopefully hopefully eventually you
know you find one last forever but
statistically so far friends last longer
anyway the whole being self-conscious of
your relationship with your guy friend
actually ties very nicely into number
nine on this list being able to
acknowledge that other guys are
attractive some guys claim not to see it
but I mean come on and yeah with the
last point we would be especially
jealous if we see this guy and think oh
crap this guy's better-looking than me
and yeah actually after saying that I'm
realizing now but the way that we think
about it is we will compare other guys
to ourselves like if I was in a bar and
there was this beautiful girl that I
wanted to go up and talk to you but
there was some other guy that she was
talking to and he was literally like as
far as I could tell just like in every
way more attractive than me it's like
what am I gonna do and I would just
leave
I would straight-up just leave maybe
he's like more fit or has a nicer
jawline or just you know has better
style and that's why I you know pick up
skills so it's harder to quantify like
oh like yeah he's only that but you know
you can play guitar who remembers
Wonderwall today is gonna be the day
back to you number 10 eating food after
its falling for as long as the floor is
clean ish okay cuz if the floor is gross
like I wouldn't do it if it's a carpet
in general like who knows what's getting
stuck to it you know but if the patch of
floor let the food fell on if it you
know if it looks clean ish maybe it's
not that bad I'm just saying it depends
on what the situation is the last time I
did this I think I was cooking pasta and
a partially cooked noodle fell on the
floor it's not even fully cooked yet you
know if I just throw it back in you know
the germs that picks up will probably
rinse off or you know maybe like it's
strained out I don't know I don't need a
biology degree to be pretty sure it's
not gonna kill me anyways guys that was
it for the video thank you all so much
for watching and if you enjoyed it
please remember to give it a big thumbs
up I want to give one more huge shout
out to stink bombs by tell me for
sponsoring this video
there's honestly so much to do in this
app I didn't even begin to cover all of
it like every character has detail areas
BIOS and they have a whole youtube
channel and an Instagram page and a
Facebook that they pose to all the links
for that stuff will be in the
description below I highly recommend you
check it out and send some of those
emojis to your friends also please tell
me in the comments some of your habits
that you're embarrassed to admit because
I have just exposed myself there and
obviously this is a comment section not
your crushes dms so like you know what
stays here stays here last video I asked
you guys for something that you do
physically that kind of gives away the
fact that you like someone and so on
screen right now are my favorite answers
to that and if you want to be featured
at the end of next week's video
hopefully next week make sure that you
leave a comment answering my question
from today's video and maybe I'll
feature you I want to give a huge
Instagram shout out to Nicole for
commenting on my last picture strep
throat King because the photo was me at
an event and I had strep throat at the
time and I didn't die so that's great
I miss you Nicole and I hope I get to
see you soon also Jen commented on a
recent pic saying that I look like
Jensen Ackles and that's the guy from
Supernatural
that is a very handsome dude so thank
you very much I will take that
compliment Jen and lastly I hope that
I'm saying this right but debauchery
debauchery who basically just like every
single photo of mine on Instagram which
is pretty incredible considering takes a
lot of time to do that there's like 300
photos something like that so thank you
for doing that I really appreciate it
so make sure you go follow those three
and if you want a little Instagram share
of your own make sure you're following
me on Instagram and just you know
engaging with my content having
notifications on it's a good way to you
know do that but comments likes stuff
like that and maybe I'll feature you in
my next video
finally subscribe for more videos click
over here if you want more advice and
with a lot being said see you next time
peace
