hey I know a lot of us pretend that
we're above caring too much about texts
and that you know what goes on a person
is so much more important and that's not
wrong but texting is really important
like let's not pretend that it's not
because it's a big part of how we live
our life day to day
I mean look dating apps is just meeting
people through texts it's also just a
great way to let the person that you're
dating know that you're thinking about
them there's just so many uses for
texting in general so today I thought I
would just talk about a few text
messages that any guy we just love to
receive and actually give you a couple
examples that you can just go and send
number one good morning text there's
definitely a time in a relationship
where it is way too early to be sending
these every day once you all know that
you're serious it is just such a nice
thing to wake up to it just shows that
you are the first thing that they're
thinking of in the morning especially if
it's cooped together or something like a
good luck on that interview or just
something relevant that you know they're
doing that day it's just really
thoughtful number two I had a great time
with you last night it just says hey you
were responsible for me enjoying all of
last night so thank you it makes us feel
like the best damn person know that who
wouldn't love this text number three
memes so I know that this seems dumb but
sending someone a meme just shows that
one you know their sense of humor and -
when you see a joke that fits their
sense of humor they're the first person
you think of like for me I have
different kinds of memes that I send to
different friends of mine based on who I
think would appreciate what because I
know which friends are gonna appreciate
and not be too offended by the super
dark memes and which friends are gonna
understand the obscure references from
TV shows and other memes but yeah it
just shows a fundamental appreciation of
someone else's sense of humor how great
is that and you know because it's so
personal I can't really give an example
of one specific meme to go ahead and
send it all so it'll be outdated in like
a day but number four come over can you
think of another two words that have
more implications tied to it when it's
between two people who are dating than
this I mean definitely a very different
meaning between texting this to someone
you're dating or a friend or a family
member but all I know is if I got this
text from a girl I liked I would drop
everything go five and this is verbatim
I can't wait to see you it's better than
I miss you or anything else it's just
such a nice thing to see cuz you can
just feel the enthusiasm behind it like
saying looking forward to it is just too
casual
miss you is still sweet but a little
meteor but I can't wait to see you it's
just so optimistically refreshing number
six and this one's a little more
specific but if the guy that you're
seeing posts a photo of himself on
Instagram or somewhere just screenshot
it and then text it to them or just
reply to it on whatever platform with
just like a heart eye emoji that is just
the cutest thing ever or maybe just the
word babe or just like anything that
shows hey nice photo cuz it's just gonna
make them feel so loved and appreciate
it and it doesn't matter how confident a
guy is whenever any dude post a photo in
social media there's at least a small
part of him that thinks I look good but
I'm not sure if other people think so so
it's basically a not obnoxious way to
hopefully get a compliment or two and
feel better about yourself I don't know
what that's about I never post photos of
myself and you definitely shouldn't
follow me on instagram link is in the
description below please please follow
my Instagram and tell me nice things I
am so alone
number seven screenshotting any cool
article you see about like a cool new
date spot and sending in my way I'd a
link to Comic Con sent to me and just
the words this weekend and it just shows
one that you know my interests and two
that you were just as excited about it
as you know Albie it's just so sweet
please do this I know that was my list
thank you for watching this video I hope
that you enjoyed and if you did match
that thumbs up one there are so many
other texts out there that guys like so
I don't know do you guys want me to do
this again maybe if we can get this
video to 3,000 thumbs up I'll consider
it I don't know just throwing that out
there and tell me what is the most
irresistible text that you've ever
received let me know in the comments
below last week I asked for some
attractive things that you find in other
people so on the screen right now are my
favorite comments from that video and
again if you want to be featured at the
end of next week's video make sure that
you leave your comment down below right
now make sure that you're subscribed to
me and have notifications turned on so
that you never miss an upload which by
the way if you still want more I have so
much more advice that you can check out
right here check those out and with all
that being said I'll see you next time
peace
