so before said this video I think it's
only fair to say that guys have a
tendency to be very imaginative whether
we admit it or not a little change like
a girl putting on a leather jacket is
gonna completely transform her in our
mind and make it look like this bona
fide badass who's gonna hop on our
imaginary letter cycle and just ride off
with us so I guess you could say a lot
of the ideas in this video feed two
scenarios but anyway you know guys as a
whole we don't date girls specifically
because of what they wear I mean that
would be a really terrible world to live
in you wear one outfit that's not sexy
and you are out of here God could you
imagine no but in all honesty well it's
one of the things that guys really care
the least about what a girl's wearing
can say some things about her to a guy
like when guys see glasses we think
intellectuals when we see red lipstick
we think like confidence and sexiness
and it's totally stereotypical but hey
that's how we think so today we're gonna
talk about eight things that guys think
are irresistible to wear so number one
leather jackets I've said it before and
I will say it again you can be the most
boring stay at home and watch Netflix
kind of girl and believe me I'm the male
equivalent to that but if you're wearing
a leather jacket you are suddenly badass
biker chick maybe you're a criminal or
just the type of person doesn't take
crap from anyone I don't know but you
spell danger and I like it number two
glasses you could be the most stupid
person that I have ever met if you wear
glasses and I don't know you I will just
assume that you're smarter than me not
all honesty you might be but that that's
more of a me problem and even if I do
know you
I'll think to myself damn Becky got
smart just because of them see glasses
used to be necessity without them people
just wouldn't be able to see but now in
the era of contacts and LASIK eye
surgery glasses are absolutely a choice
and they have been designed to make you
look as attractive as possible and even
if you don't think it procced me glasses
make smart sexy Wow glass company should
hire me I'm awesome at this number three
red lipstick so hypothetical situation
here I'm on a date pretty fancy date so
I put on a dress shirt you know spray
some Cologne and you walk in in like a
black dress maybe and some red lipstick
oh my god holy crap I'm gonna be fending
guys off
view all night and I'll have never been
happier doing it it just gives off like
a confident attractive sophisticated
vibe how is that ever gonna be a bad day
alone trick question and I feel like
just the contrast of it not being
something that most girls wear like
every single day make it stand out that
much more and just make it look so good
it's like knowing that you can like ball
out every once in a while most people
you know we walk around in our casual
clothes but then being able to just
completely change how you look for a
night and being like a different person
that's amazing I like it number four
baseball caps cute kind of badass comfy
those are the vibes that it gives maybe
it makes you look like you watch sports
I mean that for me isn't a huge thing so
I don't really care but for lots of guys
that's a big deal and I still find it
irresistible nevertheless and I'll be
honest with you I have never seen a girl
that I liked wearing my hat and thought
to myself you know what that hat looks
terrible on her never not once a girl
puts on my hat and I just look at her
like it's my first time seeing her all
over again five sundresses mmm-hmm no
there's a girl who's happier than I will
ever be how do I get that I could learn
so much from her I bet that she is the
most fun person at parties but she's
always making fun memories and hanging
out with her lots of friends I bet that
her dad would never sit me down in front
of all my friends and tell me why I'm a
disappointment that the wrong son died
the day of the accident sorry I got a
little carried away with that last part
but the rest of it still plus six big
sweaters okay I don't know what the deal
is with girls being more attractive and
things that do not fit them and are just
way too large but that is the case and
this is the best example of it it just
makes you look happy and cozy and those
are good things those are very good
things I wouldn't have a problem with it
if you just threw out your whole
wardrobe and just took all of my hoodies
like you can just do that but I would
ask that in exchange you give me some
money to go buy some more because you
know seasons are changing getting colder
and daddy needs is hideous
there were seven of the seven yoga pants
what I love about yoga pants is they
really accentuate your large curvy
supple personality like I just have to
myself damn that girl probably is a
dancer or does yoga and both of those
things they built a lot of character
they also take a lot of determination to
get get it you know you gotta you know
work at it day in and day out and that's
just the kind of discipline that most
people don't have and I just respect it
a lot
oh and that booty though and the last
thing over a know those t-shirts that
are like also kind of dresses I actually
don't know what they are I don't think
anyone does there's one of those wonders
of the world
you know from God these don't really
fall into a stereotype I mean they're
halfway between casual lazy wear and
dress but nonetheless I like them thank
you for watching this video I hope that
you enjoyed it and if you did please let
me know by giving it a thumbs up and
there are just so many other clothes or
types of clothes like guys find
attractive on girls we were really just
scratching the surface here so if you
guys want to sequel to this video let me
know by giving this video a thumbs up if
we get to 2500 thumbs up then I won't
make that happen also let me know in the
comments below what clothes you like to
see guys wear I'm just asking for a
friend
last week I asked you guys who do you
think should pay for a date so here are
my favorite comments from that video and
if you didn't know there's something I
do every week so if you want to be
featured at the end of next week's video
make sure you leave your comment down
below and I will be picking my favorites
to feature next week if you like I've
repeated myself a lot there so you're
subscribed to me and hit that little
Bella notification to never miss an
upload because I make videos every week
and with all that being said wait not
done hold on also I have some videos to
the side of me you want more advice
they're there for ya let's let's get
talking so click those and yeah with all
that being said I'll see you next week
please
