have you ever gotten one of those emails
from like rich Prince you know foreign
country you know those ones where he's
trying to give you like a small
multi-million dollar percentage of his
fortune just for helping him out if you
haven't gotten one of those if you did
what would you do see I've personally
gotten a couple of those over the years
and I always just ignore them that's
because it's clearly fake right anything
that easy has a catch
what if somebody walked up to you and
offered you $20 for no reason it would
be normal to be a little sketched out
right like is this a prank do you think
that I'm selling stuff I don't work here
okay this whole mentality of being
skeptical is part of being human and it
can basically be summed up in the words
anything that has value requires some
amount of work and more than anywhere
else that applies to attraction and
relationships
all right so hypothetically your crush
comes up to you and gets on his hands
and knees and you starts begging for you
to date him
I'm talking like crying as he's doing it
he's very desperate yeah it's something
that you wanted but not like this so if
they fall in love with you that hard and
that quickly not only does it feel an
earned and a little too easy but it's
just not fun and the exact same thing
applies to him guys want to chase even
if they won't admit it it's what makes
finally getting the girl rewarding but
after that most likely they're not gonna
stay up at night thinking about them
because most of their questions they're
ready got the answers to didn't have
time to wonder anything about them they
just met them and hooked up but if you
flirt for weeks on end and then start
dating he's gonna feel like because of
the work that he put in the relationship
that you guys grew he's the only person
that could have won being with you so
that brings up the big question and the
topic of today's video how do you get
him to chase you the first thing that
you need to do and definitely the most
important on this list is just to stop
chasing him it's like playing with a dog
if you run after it it'll run away but
if you run from it it'll chase if you
were previously trying to start
conversations with this guy you know
sending the first text putting in most
of the work you need to completely stop
don't be rude about it and if he starts
talking to you continue as if you were
the person who started it like beef
friendly but just make him come to you
and you know what maybe at first he
won't come to you maybe it'll seem like
he never noticed that you left and he
has no problem moving on without you
that's why you'd move on to the next
step make him jealous I didn't see that
he is far from being the only fish in
the sea
so talk to other guys around him going
dates if you can just haven't see that
you are somebody that other guys want
see jealousy stems from insecurity and
the best way to make someone feel secure
and who they're dating was for them to
know that if they weren't the person
dating you someone else would see this
creates competition and it lets him feel
that if you can somehow convince you to
date him he has found himself a victory
over all these other guys good thing
you've manipulated the hell out of him
to get yourself here so that you've
hopefully got some interest you know you
got a bite
time to take it to the next step you
need to play hard-to-get what do you do
don't be an open book and tell them
everything going on in your life in fact
the less you say the more you keep him
guessing generally when we like someone
it's really easy to just let them into
your life and say more than you were
just asked about but you need to try and
treat them like anyone else who you're
just friendly with and not rant all day
because generally when we're talking to
people that we like we want them to know
all the things about us and you know
hopefully click somewhere but you you
need to cut that out and don't get me
wrong there's a clear line here between
just being rude and completely
uninterested verse being nice and not
telling them everything so be nice but
don't give him your life story whenever
he asks a question the great move in
general when playing hard-to-get is
something called the push-pull method
and something that we already do
everyday without really realizing it the
idea is basically pulling someone in
with a compliment or saying something
nice to them and then pushing them away
with a joke that kind of shows well you
find them attractive you're not too
interested it sounds a little
complicated and it's very easy to
overthink but this is something that we
are constantly doing the first example
that comes to mind of this is something
I haven't read just a few weeks ago when
I saw a girl wearing overalls and so I
went up to her and I said I am so
jealous of the fact that you can wear
overalls and
actually look great because when I wear
them or really any dude wears them we
just look like we grew up on a farm
put it simply it's a way of saying one I
recognize how you're attractive but two
that's not the point of what I'm saying
so let's move past it so you're showing
that you could be interested but not
telling them like hey please I need this
but even if you follow the tips that I
just gave and you woo your crush and the
two of you get married and live happily
ever after
the chase isn't gonna stop having to
work for affection and having someone
work for your affection is what keeps
things exciting and doing me wrong once
you're in a relationship this is
something that you should both take
turns doing but chasing is just what
makes things fun because if there's no
chase in a relationship there's no
reason to go on dates or buy each other
gifts or really do anything that's not
completely self-serving chasing is
really just about letting the other
person know that you're interested and
to them doing the same thing and just
trying to earn each other's affectionate
so just keep in mind and all good happy
and healthy relationships the chase last
forever anyways that was the video I
hope that you enjoyed it if you did make
sure you give it a thumbs up just to let
me know I didn't want this video to get
too far off topic but I had an idea for
doing a separate video specifically
about why guys might stop chasing so if
that's something that you're interested
in and want to see let me know by
getting this video at 2,000 thumbs up if
we can get that I will make that happen
also tell me below in the comments if
you've ever had a guy chase you and what
you did to get there and just any fun
stories and related to that I'm really
interested to see what you guys say and
hopefully there'll be a few additional
good tips down there so go check it out
and I will be picking my favorite
comments to feature at the end of next
week's video speaking of which last week
I asked for some things that you've said
to guys that didn't really play out the
way that you wanted it to so here are
some of my favorite comments from that
video
and again if you wanna be featured next
week leave a comment down below today
and maybe I'll feature you lastly and
just so you never miss an upload and
make sure that you hit that subscribe
button down below and turn on
notifications and with all that being
said see you next week peace
