so if you haven't notice guys are all
cripplingly insecure except for me of
course I'm the exception to that because
I have absolutely nothing to be insecure
about
it's called fragile masculinity and as
easy as it is to point a finger at it
and say that's that it's basically
hardwired into myself and every guy I
know and it means that we value being
useful and strong and manly and things
that in reality don't really mean
anything to anybody but to us mean
everything I would argue that there are
some situations in which it is better to
lie to a guy so yeah a little white lie
just to make him feel better so he
doesn't have to deal with that horrible
crippling insecurity so today we're
gonna go over a couple things that you
should never say to a guy unless you're
trying to break his will to live in
which case here have some ammunition
you are not muscular I don't care if
this dude is underweight or overweight
works out all the time has never worked
out before no guy wants to hear this the
vast majority of guys will look at a
dude who's bigger than them and think to
themselves if it came down to it I could
probably take him there's no evidence to
suggest that they could win in a fight
every guy just wants to believe that
their hero so don't don't ruin it for a
guy you movies never were down days life
feel his bicep and be like oh my god you
have so strong don't make it sound like
you're lying like just have it be a
believable lie you know I'm taller than
you this is a huge insecurity for any
guy under six feet this is like the
worst thing you could hear from a girl
don't get me wrong I love tall girls but
I'm also 6 1 and so you could be taller
than me or you can put on heels and
become taller than me and I'll be like
whatever I made it but any guy under 6
feet if you put on heels and become
taller than him he's probably not gonna
like that too much
at least it's likely he's gonna hate it
like he'll know it obviously but if you
call it out it like makes him talk about
it no guy wants to have a conversation
about how they're short it's just not a
thing people want to talk about you are
not comfortable I don't mean this in
like a emotional or like awkward way I
mean it's like you were literally not
comfortable to like cuddle with or lie
on or whatever this is
literally the reason why I started
working out because I was a super bony
kid and I was insecure after hearing
this cuddly is just such an intimate
thing and it just completely goes up the
window gets ruined if you say something
like that because it's like great I can
never cuddle with anyone I'm just I'm
just not gonna do it I'm just gonna be
alone the rest of my life and that's how
I'm gonna live out the rest of my days
you have a patchy beard Joe wonder who
this could be in reference to certainly
not me because I have a full fantastic
beard covers all of my face do you think
if I could choose where my facial hair
grows I would be like you know what
let's make it patchy that's like a
unique look everyone loves a nice patchy
weird looking and bit of facial hair now
I'm doing the best I can and you know if
you don't like it then please pretend
that you like it I really like having
facial hair I don't want to have to
shave it I just please why can't you be
more like that guy really just in
general any comparison to another dude
not cool we are very aware of when other
dudes are better at certain things
especially in the presence of a girl
that we like we're already thinking it
you don't got to call it out that's just
gonna hurt we don't need to do that we
have our own strengths okay that dude
probably isn't as good at a lot of
things as I am but no we don't focus on
that do we we focus on all the ways that
he's better that's kind of messed up do
you think she's pretty
that's that's a trap let's not go there
do you want the answer you just want to
hear no you might as well just say tell
me she's not pretty why instead don't we
focus on you because you're pretty and
we don't need to focus on her I tell my
best friend everything and I mean
everything
great so she's gonna know everything
about me sexually can I even talk to you
about anything or is everything you need
to go through your best friend after I
want to be able to trust you trust
should be a two-way street not the one
person you trust gets to hear everything
from everyone else that's not how it
works so don't tell us that you tell
your best friend everything we're just
not gonna trust you if you do that I
hate my ex right so if we date and break
up then you're gonna talk mad shit on me
look you're allowed to hate your ex and
you're allowed to share it with your
boyfriend
but wait a hell of a long time and
I don't know specifically what the guy
did to deserve the hey because otherwise
it can look like you're just gonna talk
mad shit and no guy wants to be talked
mad shit about and the reason I'm saying
this in general is because guys do the
same thing if guys say they hate their
ex you should be worried about that
this one is a unisex one applies to
everyone don't don't do that your friend
who's really attractive mm-hmm again
guys we usually don't want to admit it
but we know whether or not another dude
is attractive and if we bring a friend
like if we're close with a friend we
know if they're good-looking Deuter
night and so for you to say that it's
just like hey this is a fun thing to
think about maybe one day if we broke up
the two of you would get together that's
a fun thought let's think about that boy
let's just focus on that I don't think
he's gonna try and you know sway you to
him obviously we're good friends but
it's knowing that you think he's
attractive pretend he's not pretend I am
the most attractive person on earth and
you don't have eyes for anyone else and
then everyone can be so happy I don't
like your friends whoa too far in the
other direction now we take a lot of
pride in the boys don't ever try and
have it be between the two of you
pretend to like our friends and everyone
will be super happy our friends are damn
sure gonna pretend to like you even if
they don't so everyone be nice and I'll
be one happy camper and when I'm a happy
camper everyone's happy
anyways that was the video I hope that
you enjoyed it if you did make sure you
give it a thumbs up actually wrote a
list that was way too big for this video
so I had to cut it short but if you are
looking for a sequel let me know if I
smash that thumbs up on and wing it to
3000 thumbs up but then I will make that
happen also let me know in the comments
below some things that you've said the
guys and just got really bad reactions
to you make fun of his hair something
that made them totally ghost you let me
know down below last week I asked about
your experiences with feeling not good
enough for someone and so on the screen
right now are some of my favorite
comments from that video and I'll be
doing this again next week so make sure
that you leave your comments below today
so that you can be
to be at the end of my next video and of
course make sure you subscribe to me and
have you notifications turned on just so
you don't miss the upload in case you're
in it and so you don't miss any future
ones because I make them every week I
went ahead and put some other related
videos on the side here so check those
out if you're looking for more advice
and with all that being said I'll see
you next time peace
