what's up y'all I see a boy and roof I
go through these waves where I'm either
really good or really bad at texting and
it really all comes down to whether or
not I'm actually down to flirt and to
like talk or if I'm just bored because
what I'm actually interested
ITEX things that I would want to respond
to and more often than not the girl
responds but when I don't really care
I'll just text a quick hey what up or
send a gift or something and that
usually doesn't get me very far I mean
look I'm a youtuber I don't work at an
office I work from home so a lot of the
times the way that I meet people are
through dating apps so I feel like by at
this point I've started to get the hang
of it so here are just a couple secret
things I've learned that I think could
help any girl get a guy and keep them
through just texting have your opening
line actually be interesting opening
lines are literally make or break when
you're texting and if your sucks they're
just gonna not reply
and it's gonna make you look creepy and
weird if you send more follow-up texts I
mean you don't even know this person if
you have to text more than once you're
not getting the hint
so trying to open with something that
you know they're interested in because
that's the kind of thing but they can
just talk about all day and just ask
yourself would I reply to this cuz if
not it's probably just boring in generic
and they definitely will not see the fun
in having a conversation with you which
ultimately is what it comes down to you
just want to be a fun person to have
text conversations with which leads me
to my next point never let the
conversation get dull the first piece of
advice you'll hear anyone say is don't
talk about yourself too much because if
they don't know you and they didn't ask
it probably just makes you look vain and
self-centered and generally the next
piece of advice that someone would give
you would probably be the opposite of
talking about yourself to ask them about
themselves which it's a good start
because people and especially guys we
just love talking about ourselves
believe me you asked me something about
my interests you asked me about like
Game of Thrones and I will go all day
you will regret not seeing that because
I love so much to say oh yeah asking
people about themselves definitely a
good idea but you can go really
overboard with this so watch out if
every time they answer question you just
ask another one they're just gonna feel
like to be interrogated it's just not
very personable it's like you're trying
to keep a conversation going for the
sake of talking and not be
you actually enjoy the conversation so
the easy solution is to just make sure
that you're talking about stuff you
actually want to talk about like I asked
what their job if you don't care about
their job find something about them that
you're actually interested in oh you
went skydiving I've always wanted to go
skydiving you're a vegan well I'm
definitely not a vegan but I do drink
black coffee so we're both really good
at making people feel inferior you get
the point you basically just want to a
segue to the next point on my list
show them your personality slash sense
of humor right because I mean if you're
interested in them they should probably
become interest in you right and this
isn't talking about the stuff that
you're interested in
this is the way that you apply making
jokes being sarcastic or making nerdy
references this the best way to see if
there's any actual chemistry between you
and I can't really tell you with 100%
certainty what to say here because
obviously everyone is different but if
you happen to be in your 20s like me one
idea that I found works with most people
in our generation is alcoholism
now before you judge I am a fitness
enthusiast okay but you know once a week
or once every two weeks I'll go with my
friends and socialize over a couple
drinks since most people around my age
do that it's the easiest common ground
as like a first way to connect with
someone and just in general alcoholism a
really easy thing to poke fun at so hey
I am NOT alcoholic okay I'm not the next
point on this list is to never be too
vague or insecure when planning to meet
up so many people will do this and it's
probably one of the top reasons that
people just not reply by that I mean say
for example you're talking about a place
or a data meetup generally I found that
most people will say when are you free
which place do you want to go to what
time works for you when you try and have
someone else make all the decisions
well you're subconsciously saying is
that they are more important where they
want to go is more important and their
time just in general more important and
maybe doing this once isn't a huge deal
but it's definitely something to keep in
mind specifically for the bigger
decisions like where you're gonna meet
it basically says that you're not
confident enough to choose a place
without their approval it's a slight
thing but if for some reason the two of
you
to reschedule and you're the person who
initially chose the place and time to
meet up suddenly you're a busy person
whose time is valuable and the next time
you say you're free to meet up as far as
they know that's their only shot as
opposed to if they made all the
decisions then as far as they know
you're just free a lot more of the time
and every day that goes past is an
unspoken day that they're just too busy
for you so just something to keep in
mind going forward you know tell them
what day time and place you most prefer
and if that doesn't work with them then
you know you can adjust but starting off
like that is just a strong way to start
which leads me to my next point don't
give them too much in texts texting is
not as good a form of communication as
talking and it never will be if I gonna
say something personal with somebody do
it in person it'll mean more and just in
general you can interpret everything
they say more clearly because you can
see it on their face but also it just
gives you more to talk about in person
because you can text too much and then
in person and not really have anything
left to talk about so keep it short get
yourself a date and get out there you
practice your social skills anyways that
was B video I hope that you enjoyed it
if you did give it a thumbs up to let me
know also tell me in the comments below
if you agree with the points I've made
or not and if you have any cool or
interesting or awkward dating
experiences through dating apps or just
crazy conversations that you've had et
cetera I'm thinking of something on my
channel where basically at the end of a
video I'll just show a couple of my
favorite comments from that video so
make sure you leave some comments today
because it'll be starting next week so
make sure you subscribe to me to see if
your comment made it I went ahead and
put a couple of other similar videos of
mine right over here so if you're still
in need of some advice check those out
and with all that being said I'll see
y'all next time peace
