this video is sponsored by North Vee P n
something that I think is really crazy
is that we as humans have just come so
far
like from cavemen all the way until now
we've changed a ton but at the same time
we still share some body language cues
with monkeys it's been thousands and
thousands of years and we still wave to
say hey and that's something that
primates do as well and doesn't matter
what language you speak you go to the
other side of the planet and nodding
will still mean yes and shaking your
head will still mean now everywhere the
point I'm getting at is that body
language isn't ever gonna go anywhere
and so if you have strong feelings
towards someone either in a negative or
a positive light that will show through
by your mannerisms like if you really
hate someone who's around you might be
able to hide it from them but anyone who
knows you will know and on the other end
of that if you're super into someone
there's usually waves of talent and even
if they don't know the signs to look out
for a good friend at least would know
right away so today what I want to do is
deconstruct what a lot of guys do body
language wise to show that they're into
someone so the next time you have any
sort of interaction with a dude you can
walk away being like oh yeah it was into
me but before I jump into how
transparent and guys are right now you
are the transparent one if you are not
using a VPN like Nord VPN to protect
yourself on the Internet it can be
almost impossible to tell whether or not
someone's monitoring what you do online
not to mention your service providers
can be throttling certain sites and
hackers could be getting at your
personal information but by using a
service like Nord VPN you can be
protected from all of that by the best
VPN in the business with over 4,000
servers in 62 countries military-grade
encryption and 24-hour customer support
Nord VPN is by far the best option for
keeping yourself and your private
information secure so there's really no
reason not to just try it out and see
for yourself how useful this service is
I personally use the most for streaming
sites if I ever go on vacation and I'm
out of the country and it can't access
stuff that I pay for all I have to do is
turn on Nord VPN and it thinks I'm back
in Canada and I can continue watching
all my favorite content anyway that
aside let's get right into it here
five physical signs that a guy likes you
number one when he first sees you and
this might not be the easiest thing to
notice but his jaw will literally drop
not in a really exaggerated way like
you'd see in a cartoon more just like
his lips would part but it's literally
that movie moment where he's like holy
crap this girl is gorgeous and guys
actually do this they might not even
know that they do this there's a reason
that this thing is used in movies
because it's something that almost all
guys do and don't even know it's crazy
right
I'm not a scientist although you know
many people think otherwise so smart but
if I had to assume why this happens it's
literally just shock being like oh I
didn't expect to see someone really
attractive here it's kind of just like a
knee-jerk reaction to I don't know not
look dumb number two when guys do
anything to fix their appearance this
could be running his hand through his
hair maybe adjusting his tie you know
sitting up a little straighter whatever
if it's not obvious enough guys will do
this because he probably wasn't
expecting to be near a girl that's
pretty or attractive and this is just a
little casual way to try and fix his
appearance realistically it's probably
not gonna change how he looks at all but
it's basically just a nice sign for you
to see that he's nervous uh number three
he'll fade you with something or he'll
touch his face in some way this is
really just a nervous tic guys will do
it because they want to look cool and
don't know what to do with their hands
it could be playing with like a button
on their sleeve or a zipper
it could be rubbing the top of their
head cracking their knuckles something
that I find I do more than I should is
usually I'll play with my phone I won't
even actually look at it but I'll just
be moving it around on my hand or on the
table and for the record we know this
doesn't look cool but from my
perspective it's better to just choose
something and do it then
yep number four a health starter I hate
when this happens because it is just the
biggest giveaway ever but if a dude is
excited or nervous around you
he will just fail at talking like me I
will just trip over my words and say a
sentence full of gibberish it's it's
really bad and I know that a lot of
girls if this happens to them will just
be like ah he was probably just really
excited it probably happens you know to
him a lot he's just one of those guys
who stutters no trust me
if this happens around you it is way
more likely that it's because he finds
you attractive just take it from me I
stutter way more talking to a girl that
I like then just my friends so I'm just
saying don't be so quick to deny it cuz
it's a sign number five in conversation
he's gonna trying it a little closer to
you
this one's really funny to me because if
you're watching a guy who's interested
in someone you can just watch it happen
and it is the most obvious thing in the
world like I will leave my friend
because he's talking to a girl and I'll
come back in five minutes and just see
they slowly you know it inched his way
over just a little bit maybe I'll have
like the arm on the back of her chair
that's just worth more comfortable
that's not why you did that and and
there are a couple different ways that
this point goes like you know if you're
standing usually he'll be facing you
directly even like his feet will be
pointed at you that's a really good sign
and if you're sitting across from each
other I'll probably be like on the very
edge of his seat you know maybe even
like leaning in just to be a little
closer to talk and of course if you're
sitting next to each other and he thinks
that the conversation is going well
he'll probably take a tip from sign
number six six is that he will try to
have some casual touch happen cuz from a
guy's perspective any sort of touch with
someone that you're attracted to is a
good way of seeing whether or not stuff
is going well so in the example we were
talking about the last point where the
guy sitting next to you he might try and
put his arm around your seat you know
who play it off like that's just that's
just where it's comfortable
alright I always do this it could be my
guy friends and I would do this too yeah
he probably wouldn't do that that's him
trying to very casually see if you're
gonna let you know shy away or if you're
gonna be like yeah this is
great because that's how you tell him
with body language that you like them
and there are a lot of other examples of
like a light touch that you might try
and go for so I'm just gonna try name as
many as I can think of so one that I've
found myself doing a lot is if you're
talking to somebody and you know maybe
you're telling a story or you know
trying to get a point across if I'm
talking about something crazy that
happened or something unbelievable or
something really funny sometimes what I
might do is I'll like grab her hands and
be like no it actually happened I don't
know if that's explained well but it can
be really casual and it can also be sort
of like a like a directional thing like
you meet someone and you're talking and
you're in like a really crowded place
and so you're like hey want to go over
there and just like lightly touch their
back you know just to kind of motion
into the direction you want to go again
it's a super subtle thing but you know
no homies getting this treatment anyways
that was it for today thank you guys so
much for watching if you enjoyed it
please give it a big thumbs up and I
just want to thank Nord VPN for being
this week's sponsor as it really is a
great service ever since
net neutrality ended you are at risk of
having your service throttled because
you're using a site that maybe your
service provider doesn't like and I just
think that's so messed up I with Lourdes
VPN you will get the same speeds
everywhere and be protected from anyone
trying to access your info again I put
the link in the description as well as
my coupon code and so I really highly
recommend you guys go try it out anyways
tell me the comments below something
that you've noticed you'll do physically
when you're around someone that you like
I want to hear that down below last week
I asked what's something that other
people have done to make you jealous and
so on screen right now are my favorite
answers from that video I just remember
if you want to be featured at the end of
next week's video make sure you leave
that comment down below right now and
maybe I'll feature you I want to give a
huge Instagram shout out to Kimberly for
commenting on a recent picture having
fun with friends and getting away with
them is the awesome thing you will ever
do couldn't put it better myself also
shout out to Amanda because she's a new
follower and sometimes my bar forgiven
shoutouts is a little lower than other
times so and lastly Brianna
just as a side note apparently is just a
sick artist but in addition to that
liked basically every photo of mine so
you're dope and you definitely deserve
this so make sure you go follow those
three and if you want a little Instagram
shout out at the end of my next video
make sure you're following me and just
engaging with my Instagram you know like
in photos leave in comments stuff like
that my Instagram is Andrew quo they'll
be a link in the description and yeah go
follow me and maybe I'll shout you out
next week finally subscribe to me for
more videos click over here if you want
more advice and with all that being said
I'll see you next week peace
