what's up everybody it's your boy Andrew
quo and today we're going to be doing
something very special and different
we're going to be playing a game called
two truths one juice it's basically two
truths with mine but with a twist the
way this is going to work is I've asked
five of my friends to come in and answer
five two truths and a lie questions that
are just about me for answers they get
wrong and they have to drink a
disgusting drink that I've mixed and I
mix like a bunch of different disgusting
drink but then if they get alright they
drink some delicious fruit a well and
the person who gets the most right
answers is going to be officially
recognized as my best friend so the
stakes are pretty high hey how's it
going it's going good so I'm gonna ask
you to put Bell blindfold on not yet but
in a minute blindfolded I'm going to
tell you three statements and in front
of you are going to be three cups each
statement goes along with a cup you'll
have one answer for each question is
about how much you know about me and so
if you guess that answer you have to
drink that drink and if you're wrong is
going to be something gross and if
you're right it's going to be just some
purchase I'm gonna ask you to do is pull
them up line hold put on tight no
peeking how many figures already you're
serious
that's my job alright yeah the best
friends already
alright cancelled if you win round one
steam is sweet so I made the most
disgustingly sweet drink possible half
an orange with the peel so we get nice
gross texture has a mango and a couple
spoons of artificial sweetener because
that is sweeter than sugar the category
for this question is weird first date
that I've been on weird first date like
places that I've gone so put your handle
number one I've taken a girl to
comic-con I'm pretty sure I remember you
taking a girl to comic-con number two to
an art gallery and pretended like I knew
how to appreciate art using oral arts
but you're a good talker and you love to
be a no.1 you you probably pulled off
the art gallery one and number three to
karaoke because I wanted to show off I'm
going to go
karaoke because I didn't go to karaoke
okay well then that's the third one you
have to drink that
number two beers the line I want to say
but number two is the line so I'm going
to definitely Thomas I wanted a lot well
that's your answer
lock it in my god oh god okay okay don't
smell it
okay what yes
Elmas meowing is that so that was not
the answer
yeah oh that's it doesn't taste well the
next round steam is sour so I mix up
some sour gummies cut up a full line and
adding some Greek yogurt to really make
it nasty okay the topic for this one is
just cringy things that I've done to
impress a girl
come on I once pretended I worked at
McDonald's to see if I could get a
girl's number okay
I hadn't had supposed to help number two
I talked about how much I could bench at
the gym and show you so we're going to
remove one from the equation deficit
yeah you probably would suck here you
can touch a decent amount but not enough
to really impress the girl benches them
that much so I don't know why you Thank
You ed I'm afraid I spoke in a British
accent four months to a girl in my class
I was high school I remember that I want
to say this was alive was it bitch
yes do it here alright you do faster
smelling it I mean it feels weird
it doesn't is bad really I mean it also
tastes like somebody else's pee never
mind I'm going to say let's say you
didn't mention the bench it's good I'm
going with number 2 this number to a
martha mccue yeah third round was the
salty round so I had to go way grosser
than I had before I started by opening
up a can hands chicken noodle soup
because those are just incredibly salty
through in a ramen noodle flavor packet
some chips and some soy sauce
number one I take at least one selfie a
day every single day okay yeah I could
see that I know every time you go to the
gym number two I get free haircuts
because I teach my barber guitar and I'm
afraid since I was 10 years old I hadn't
lived in any one place for more than
four years I'm pretty sure that's true
why do the math on this one thank you
look here for four years so is it our
fault how long have you lived here
sounds like you smelt it and my tickets
it no not good oh I think the self your
day is going to be the line take like
victory I go for a second sighs I'm
gonna go number one
next we had to bed around so the first
thing I did was cut up some horseradish
to make this really painful
this is the third round I mean we ought
to go hard other words it would be
darkest chocolate I could find a dark
roast coffee bean a teabag you know -
the bag and with that we were set 1 I've
made a video titled ten attractive
things girls say I know you made a video
tennis racket is a girl do I know you
make videos yeah
roll the title but you don't watch my
videos I already lose number two in
sixth grade I was an actor and then a
commercial I invited in a commercial
what I don't know if it was sixth grade
and number three I sing for a band in
11th grade and covered a metal song with
screamo in it I think she definitely did
this once because you work all you doing
something like that I just do this
Thursday
hey I feel like you would have mentioned
to me you're a commercial suppose
Matthew I feel like this is the biggest
chick I'm probably gonna be wrong again
okay all right you did hey I think the
first one is going to be the lie oh yeah
okay I'm gonna go with number one
cuz I feel like that's the most obvious
that you probably did but maybe you
didn't cool let's notice how are you so
good at this
he kind of look really obvious because
you're my best friend ah
and finally the last round theme was
spicy so yall already know we used to
cut up some habaneros and in a few types
of hot sauces and some hot cheetos and
it's spikes on baby boy I have shaved
some of my leg on camera where you waxed
it I don't know if you shaved it I think
I've seen a lady's razor in your shower
I don't think you have number two I've
thrown up on camera I want a good chunk
videos and I have never seen you throw
up Jonathan you thrown up on camera if
you're looking to throw up on camera
that's something I really wanted to keep
a weird thing for liking my feet a
hilarious I don't know why and three
I've eaten a full can of Vienna sausages
wait on camera yeah sausages come in
cans
everything comes in can let's see the
sausage isn't why yeah I mean it's
supposed to be nasty thank you I mean it
spicy whatever it is go with the hammer
hahaha
yes hahaha I don't know with you I feel
like you haven't introduced what did I
get it right I'm gonna go with this
gorgeous
okay hmm
the ladies razor makes sense now what is
it lady three huh thank you for watching
this video I hope that you enjoyed it I
would really hard on it so if you did
let me know by giving it a thumbs up
this little video with a collaboration
with fruit kay
after doing a really fun collaboration
this summer in which I get pinned up
against two other youtubers who are also
doing fun and creative videos one of the
other creators is my good friend Joey
kidney and all three of us are competing
to get votes on their website so if you
guys want to vote for me you should head
on over to fruit a calm the link will be
in the description the page will look
something like this and all you got to
do is click vote under my name and boom
we're all set so please do that I want
to win this thing and yeah but the
laughs being said I'll see you guys next
time
grease best friend go shopping I think
my best friend all right I knew it I was
near with us right yeah I know over you
ties in there but it looks like I'm
stuck with you as well
you tied out not the number while I like
you know what I think it's pretty good
