hey everybody how y'all doing today oh
it is your boy Andrew quo here and one
thing that I've always tried to avoid on
my channel is doing Q&A I used to feel
like it was an excuse for not having a
video but today I don't have video so
you know what I coming around about q
and A's no but honestly I I do like
getting some involvement from y'all but
if you really enjoy the video I may do
another one let me know in the comments
below and maybe I'll do that and if you
want to be a part of any future videos
make sure that you following me on my
Twitter just a tantric whoa my name
alright why don't mo quo make a comeback
emo Clovis did you buried deep deep
underground
let's not dig him up what was the email
Andrews favorite band ah more email
Andrew favorite band was the Spangled
protester here oh they're a Toronto band
and their metal sounds really look the
only metal band that I was really really
into pinning the disco was probably
number two simple planning Mouse yeah
probably good Charlotte I was most you
know with emo quote look like I was I
was an emo kid what is the
thirty-seventh picture in your camera
roll I'm finna be a selfie oh okay
that's not bad at all this is it that's
a me getting choked there's nothing to
be ashamed of like a little bit of
chugging so what do you think about 13
reasons why and what's your top 3 fav
characters what did I think about it
overall I liked it but there were some
things that were really bugging me about
it play
he didn't you should have gotten a tape
in general he does that scene without
any words like tell me what you got
killer
and Tony's like yeah you fucking killed
her and it's like no she did nothing all
he did was leave the room when she was
telling him to leave the room anyone
would have done that not his fault and
then also like why were other people on
the tapes being like you haven't heard
your tape yet clay saving the best for
last like fuck you he didn't do anything
he's a victim of this whole situation
he's being guilted about it there's also
some like really corny things that
happened like her group was called FML
like that's so corny and stupid you know
on the other hand maybe high school for
me was pretty regret
time as well so you should be a little
more easier on them what's your favorite
position what is my favorite position I
really like well actually here I'll show
you
so like the leg goes back here and you
kinda lean forward you know this is a
pretty great position do you probably
think I was answering that and not
talking about sex but uh you're wrong I
ever broken the law if not what's a lot
you would want to break
I don't actively want to break laws I'm
not like no loitering watch me bitch
will you be there are to my XD fukin
right no can you describe yourself with
just three words thick juicy and supple
I'm sticking to that cutest thing you
think a girl can do alright this is a
bit of a natty confession but I think
it's hella sexy when when you're with a
girl stops getting little heated she
looks over this is happening we want is
she's like that's super smash bros you
want to play that what has been the most
uncomfortable situation in your life
have such an uncomfortable life it's
hard to say just one but I did have to
spend a year in college sharing in class
with my ex-girlfriend
we had just broken up and we were not on
good terms we also had a group project
that we already committed to doing
together at the end of the semester so
that was pretty uncomfortable right so
that was a lot of questions I hope that
you enjoyed this honestly tell me for
real do you want to see 4 q and A's I
want to find a way to have a little more
give-and-take in my videos so if not
cumulated maybe like a dare video or
like a reading comments video I don't
know
you know leave me some suggestions in
the comments below that will inspire me
and if you enjoyed this make sure that
you smash that thumbs up button telling
me now I'm making two videos a week
right now so you should definitely
subscribe to watch those videos and also
hear that little dumb notification
button to make sure that you don't miss
them sometimes YouTube doesn't shovel
and you know again someone saw me on
Twitter
I tweet the videos so let's tweet other
stuff it's kind of a win-win
but with all I've been said I'll see you
guys
Sam please
