Oh tough day read the book or we can I
dropped out of school long time ago what
is up everybody how y'all doing today
today's video is going to be pretty
different from what I've done in the
past actually one video a long time ago
I did we call how to fake stick to skip
school it's one of the most popular
videos and it got me thinking you know
I've cheated my way through life many
different times and so I thought I'd
show you a little something else in that
category I've always had an issue
sitting and listening for a very long
time I've actually recently been
diagnosed with adult a DD so that is
always persisted unless I was interested
in something I couldn't force myself to
be interested I had to cheat my way
through a couple of my classes to be
able to pass I'm not telling you to
cheat I'm not telling you not to cheat I
am morally ambiguous but I just want
everyone to do the things that they love
and to get their way through school so
they can pursue whatever job they want
call me the devil if you will see him a
horrible avoid I do not care with that
being said today we're gonna be talking
about different ways to cheat on a test
but what we do if you enjoyed this video
smash that thumbs up button if you want
more tax your way through life type
videos and what the lot being said let's
get this show rolling the first and most
simple way to cheat on tests is to grab
a pen and just write it on yourself now
if you're a guy I would say you write it
on your arm and if you're a girl you can
wear shorts maybe write it on your leg
should wear something that would
regularly cover most of the size but
that can be rolled up a little too
expose notes you also have to make sure
that your pen can like write on the ski
and sometimes like more than others but
this is just a hotel pen and it seems to
work you have to be very patient with
yourself here so try not to do this too
soon before your tests or exams but it's
not from that you know it's really bad
and just like that there we go the
answer is always six six six okay sorry
I'm not a Satanist moving on to the
second way to cheat on a test this one
is a classic
imagine yourself about to write an exam
to preemptively prepare for this method
of cheating you need to have an idea of
who is like in your class a lot of your
eyes go
student but if you're in college you
know a lot of times you don't know the
people in your lecture hall that well
good signifiers are people who ask a lot
of questions especially if it's
questions that are well thought-out and
not like what was that again you know
like the good questions
maybe they show up early for class if
this isn't the first test you take in
that class and everyone scan their test
back look for people who look happy by
the results the other means that they're
usually a failing student and pass
whether they're a smart student and got
like a hundred percent so try and find
those smart kids just be on the lookout
if the smart person shows up early all
the time then you're gonna want to show
up relatively early so they're still
seating and so that you can sit next to
this person you already know where I'm
going with this here in my situation
right you're sitting here you're writing
your friend is right off to the side
here realize there's probably more
distance than this but the same rules
are going to apply no matter what you
need to be very creative in how you do
this your face needs to always be facing
your sheet your eyes should be looking
at your friend's paper and the only way
for that to happen without your
professor or teacher seeing is for your
husband up down that when they look at
you your eyes being here or on the paper
over there is not a big difference if my
head is like this high up and I'm
looking at my friend sheet you can
clearly see my eyes eyelids go down when
you're looking down so you need to keep
your head down and then Terman it also
helps if you can like have your hand up
here this is like my go-to method I
would put my hand up here and look like
I'm thinking but be blocking my eyes
while I'm like peeking over the beauty
of this method is that it's pretty easy
to get away with people aren't really
going to notice because you're just
looking around sometimes when I would
get bored I mean I also just have a TD I
would just look around the room and look
at the clock having eyes that wander a
little bit isn't that unless you're
caught like staring the other thing that
you need to remember is to not lock eyes
with what they're doing just you know
Glenn super very easy for
multiple-choice but otherwise you might
need to get a little more creative and
that's going to lead us to the next way
to cheat mexic number three find
somebody who has taken the same class
with the same professor in like the last
semester or last year and
by their tests off of them or just ask
to see it and get their tests from them
listen teachers they got a lot of work
to do it's a big job it's a big
responsibility
even if they're going to change it to
some extent they're probably not going
to completely redo a test if it's on the
exact same thing at the exact same time
I'm 75% sure that the teachers probably
repeating the curriculum in an almost
identical way and so while they're
probably changing the test up a little
bit if you have their tests and can use
that as reference you are golden and
that also helps with the first strategy
where you could write something answers
down but also it's easy to memorize the
answers to one test then it is to
memorize like a whole notebook so that's
probably the most legitimate way to
cheat arguable it's not even cheating
it's just being smart about how you
study this next one to cheat on tests is
a last resort call it your plan D if the
first three ways that I said for one
reason ever haven't worked out or you
had your test written and you're just
still very unconfident there's one thing
that you can do that is risky but
potentially the way to save some of your
tests the first thing you need to do is
make sure that your teacher has not
repeatedly said only pens allowed many
teachers do say that they probably will
for sure say like at least once but you
need them to say it a couple of times
because if you know they're serious
about it if they're not super serious
about it or if they've only said it once
or twice then for this way to work you
need to bring a pencil bles pencils they
literally have their own way to delete
information on the back and we don't
appreciate this enough I mean that is
your best friend on a test when you're
trying to cheat stay with me here this
is going to get a little complicated for
this to work you need the perfect
environment you need a teacher that
either says good luck on your exam leave
them here I'm going elsewhere or a
teacher that's on their phone or maybe
they're taking the nap you need a
teacher that is not paying too much
attention even if they're not in the
phone or they're not taking nap and
they're sitting there desk relatively
attentively if they're not staring at
you when you go up to hand in your test
this could work so you write your test
with a pencil and you leave your pencil
at your desk and you take your test with
you and you walk up to the teacher's
desk with the pile of tests on it
hopefully the smartest kids test at the
top you look as if you're about to put
your tests down but then you realize
that either your name or the date isn't
done your test and you say damn it I
gotta go fill that out what you're
actually doing is looking at their
answers and trying to as quickly as you
can memorize the first few now if
they're like one-word answers or just
you know a small amount of word answers
you can memorize that if their sentences
move past it you only have a tiny amount
of time to do this if it's a
multiple-choice say a number of them to
yourself in your head as quickly as you
can try and remember them and don't look
at the questions just look at the
answers go back to your desk if your
teacher says anything teller it's
because oh sorry I put the wrong date
and and quickly fill out the answers
it's probably the most complicated
answer of all the ways to cheat but
desperate times call for desperate
measures you know it's good to have it
in your back pocket which leaves me with
the last way to cheat on a test option
number five both faithful really sticky
notes oh man I can't even count the
amount of times sticky notes have helped
save my life sometimes it's one little
thing that you need to remember they're
just going to save everything like the
formula to answer any question I might
not be Einstein but if I need that
equation you know sure as hell that I'm
not going to let that be the reason that
I fail now how the hell do I make a
sticky note not be noticeable taken out
can go in a lot of places that a little
bit of writings cannot you could sticky
note the inside sleeve of what you're
wearing
boom who's going to see that not your
teacher for more creatively what I used
to do actually come to think of it this
was probably my most used method of
cheating was I would have my bag next to
me and I would have it open and I have a
pencil case from there and some supplies
so it wouldn't be weird for me to
occasionally reach in usually teachers I
found don't have a big problem with it
but if they do then don't reach in but
just leave the bag a little open and in
that opening on the top of whatever
binders you have
that is where you can leave your sticky
notes you want to make sure you've
tested this out at home first but if you
throw that in your bag you fold them a
little bit so that they're a little more
obvious and you should be able to see
them sticking out now the beauty of this
is bags I mean an open bag can show or
not show as much as you'd like you can
drop your pen even if you're not allowed
to be reaching your bag you could drop
your pen box today and be like ah
and then just push your bag closed a
little more to seal it from a teacher
from seeing and then you can with one
hand just swipe it open a little more
and get that glimpse of that little note
that you need because you have limited
space on a sticky note you really need
to condense information and have a
system of remembering what it means but
in terms of storing answers somewhere
within eyesight this is the easiest way
to do it easier than looking at someone
else's test easier than writing it on
yourself and potentially having someone
you know see that this is how you are
most likely to not have it get busted so
if you're looking for a good way to con
your way through school if you want to
be as successful as me you know posting
YouTube videos on the internet sticky
notes baby but really that's all I have
to say about that but guys have you ever
cheated on a test ever would you do it
or are you just a person who studies for
everything curious to know so please let
me know in the comments below if you
like this video if you want me to do
more sort of life hack cheat your way
through life type videos also coming out
of the comments and also give this video
a thumbs up because that's really like
the big signifier in fact if this be
able to get to a thousand thumbs up I
will do it so let's see if we can get
there make sure you subscribe to me and
turn on bail notifications to never miss
an upload because I'm posting to week
baby and with all that being said I'll
see you guys next time
you
