what's up everybody how y'all doing
today there's a there's a there's a
trend that jennamarbles started and a
few other people have done and pretty
trendy they're really like I don't
understand why people are doing it and
yet here we are we're just sheeple
following the herd all right let's not
make this like a depressing thing no
we're gonna try it out so this trendy
and it seems like a fun idea it seems
like a very fun idea especially because
every time I've told anybody including
mom yeah and like anyone else they're
always like please don't put glue in
your face and I'm like I'm gonna do it
really yes troublemaker over here would
be a youtuber wouldn't be moved out like
all these things
mom disapprove rebel rebel with no
causes nope my cause is like what my mom
is approve of I know that being said
today I'm having my sister help me glue
Dimes
well money all over my face that's hairy
idea but it'll be fun for me I had to
withdraw face it's getting dangerously
close to zero now I'm gonna have to like
wash off the money when I'm done yeah
and bring it back to the bank and hope
they'll take it I think otherwise I'm
not eating for a week she used up all
his roll up the rim things I've realized
since I first took out my money and got
it exchanged for rolls of coins that
bigger coins are gonna be harder to keep
glued on obviously so we got hold of
done so we had rules of a bunch of other
coins which was probably mistaken doing
but we're gonna go through these and if
we run out then we're gonna try using
other coins but that's gonna get into
some risky territory and hopefully them
come to it we also have Elmer's glue
it's something it's not good sniffing
glue truck yeah it's safe it says it
says earth friendly so like we're doing
to the environment safe non-toxic and
washable it's the most important really
and that it will wash right off you know
this rebellion against mob saying it's
pretty softcore man she should be happy
though because the number one teacher
grant and she's a teacher teacher so
great she did not give me much so I'm
gonna give you
she is so much power yeah its weight but
before we do this first of all we need
some good luck to make sure they have
enough time just cover the face and
that's gonna stick to my face so please
smash that and if you've never seen my
videos before subscribe to me I don't
always do things that are quite so
stupid but I mean if you guys like him
doing really stupid stuff just that's
not super uncommon and he'll keep doing
stupid yeah yeah yeah did I just
yeah just wherever what you want to
start yesterday should I have a brush or
two what have a brush yeah I want a
brush start with a cheek which we put
something down so like if it drips oh
yeah maybe you should wear a trash bag
yeah yeah okay
all right rip the whole leg yeah
probably bust your head to the rafter
that oh I will squeeze through that all
right don't make it too big Gucci cheek
sure whoever I'm just gonna put it
directly on your skin it just just get
fluid okay oh boy
so that is what is it yeah should I just
leave you like this
yeah lean back there sticking the
totally sticking do you think we should
do this with you lying down we can do
that cuz then when the glue dries oh no
like that's gonna keep happening I feel
like if you just hold them probably come
in there to they'll like the glue will
settle in yeah sure take this money bag
how's it feel to have dimes on your face
though oh good like cool I just feel
like yeah I feel like if I move my mouth
muscles make your face muscle at all the
fall they will drop they'll drop like
plus should I do you think I should put
glue over them too
um that's certainly an idea I feel like
you're being pretty generous for that
glue
I think I am how's it look oh wow it's
sticking all right okay she's sure
you're going to town with that glue you
asked me to do something right you're
gonna do it right I'm gonna do it
whenever I have a video it's like
someone has to like kind of torture me
who would enjoy this the most
it's like me always you I was able to
like pull my face up for a minute and it
stayed which is a good sign yeah I'm
gonna ask the lady at the bank how much
it would take to cover my face she
thought it's gonna be a lot more you ask
them when you took out money how much
money do you think will cover my face
how else do I go to follow that up with
how many people have asked you that
before
no when taking out money and she was
like well I I'm sure it's not literally
like the stupidest question you could
ask someone at a bank
sorry my neck I'm glad beauty is pain
pain is beauty all right this side of
your face like slowly look up will we
like look up a little bit
oh my god we're doing it we're doing it
can you do me a favor
oh so much better oh my god you have no
idea oh my God look at me husband or a
robot they're sticking there completely
look they're staying we were doing good
job using it looks like a disco ball
all right we're doing the forehead now
keep your head back a few moments later
yeah
do the face full challenge they said
it'll be fun they said sorry
so you doing good I'm proud of you thank
you
you know I never thought anyone would
ever tell me that this is like something
I'm good at
start your own channel all you do is
glue stuff to people's faces I don't
just like that idea I think we're almost
done here I think this is it drum roll
dinner with all one I think so yeah okay
here we go ready three two one oh boy
I'm cupboard look you rid of this Oh a
face full of Dimes we got it we got a
couple droppers oh boy but I feel pretty
good about that
I look pretty metal yeah you kind of
look like a disco ball it's like a disco
ball was like no no daddy like less fun
than a disc the plus side is these are
gonna come off really easily yeah you're
gonna come off on their own
all right so now we're gonna do I just
know that if I move my face a lot that
they'll drop so I'm gonna like try and
make them grow up
nothing there's nothing about facial
gestures
but well most of that's so funny oh you
look so good
golly Wow oh my god well some of them
are really on there though okay yeah all
right we got our keepers it's like a
crown at this point like your halo oh
wait
smiling get them smile whoa all right
good thing you got it there's all on huh
okay oh boy oh my god it's just glue
yeah you have water on your face I don't
think even had time to like dry some of
it did it's like having like a crust a
nice thin crust all over my face look at
how like old and gross it is face looks
so messed up dude look it's like a
sunburn it looks like you have a sunburn
well yeah I just went for like a quick
tan I cannot really get much more of
this off so I'm I think I'm gonna try
and wash it maybe that's like the best
bet at this point okay I just got to
actually look at myself and oh my god I
am so really gross it's stuck in my
facial hair this is so nasty oh my god
I'm gonna try and wash it and see like
how that works yeah this must be
watchable yeah we'll see oh yeah that
definitely like that that's like a huge
that like instantly fixed everything it
actually helps so much yeah that's how
you know it's good for children so
children you can definitely put this all
over your face yeah like definitely
cover yourself in glue cuz it comes
right up balls are always wrong
yeah if mom says no oh that's me if mom
says no do it anyway without Merce did
you get Elmer's this is all one big
product placement yeah they're really
this trend is going viral
finally finally we're gonna come up
again the sexy voice okay so I
come all clean up there's still like a
little bit of glue like picking off dead
skin you know I have faithful money
today yeah you can say that you've had a
face full of money that sounds liam
gloating yeah but it was like done it
was time it was maybe like three dollars
there was a second least valuable point
so I was like five dollars one rolls
five yes okay you had a $5 face hell
yeah $5 face mask
yeah you know honestly not that bad I'm
so happy with that glue coming off like
God if that if that was any more of a
struggle I would have immediately been
like oh like I would not do it wouldn't
have done anything but I'd have to live
with the consequences you know what I
mean yeah there were really no
consequences so I'm thinking I should
glue my face more often
like there's nothing anyways I hope that
you guys enjoyed this video if you did
smash that thumbs up button follow me
now and also leave a comment down below
if you want to see my sister in more
videos Lindsay what are you gonna make a
channel uh I gotta do it guys I just I
haven't found my niece yet like tell me
what I should like do if I'm gonna have
a chance leave a comment saying what you
want my sister to do and it can't be
gluing money to faces okay I did it once
I did it already so fir make sure that
you're subscribed if you haven't already
subscribed and hit that little Bell
notification to come making two videos a
week baby
yo hey with all that being said I'll see
you next time
