everybody how's it going look like
you've seen the title you've seen
thumbnail but I sure wish that I had a
girlfriend for this one oh boy oh my god
is this guy oh boy me men gonna probably
need Andrew maybe something sexual
not everything to like this no despite
how much laughing we are we're dying me
inside oh yes the outsides laughter hey
not ever get those views right there
like the day that I'm questioning like
is this worth it
I've enjoyed this video smash that
thumbs up on we're gonna need that good
luck yeah
your comprehend needed for the railing
about the day feelings go a lot more of
me getting railed in you I mean it's my
video so yeah and you are stronger than
these absolutely so the way this works
is we blow a balloon look at balloons so
we're just gonna work these balloons
using nothing but our bodies yeah we're
gonna pop in put bend over really
snapchat bomb how about a chest bump
oh you put it here we go just I'm down
let's do it but how are you holding with
your chance and I love you I feel like I
should bump into you cuz your ISM give a
lot more mass yes but this is way
forward it beautiful this gear and the
jump me - jump it I'm so scared I do not
want to look at her I want you to jump
that is jump into me because look it's
gonna hurt for one reason or another
towards bad don't with me yeah get like
we both do it I think we both have
enough force you ever seen a bullet
decide you really jump right and do it
no I what I'm doing right now
let's go oh my god holy there we go
so for the next one play out the tune
Basin do the Handy birthday on them Oh a
times
no thanks I don't know the safe way to
explain this one
I mean companies into the ground and
trans op it first one to top it first
wins when we wait a painful day okay
ready
oh man I do not like this sometimes
these heroes carry three - what we are
how are you lad could it be sweeter like
needs an orange one how powerful because
I I don't know I'm scared
it's like more of a fear thing is O'Hara
mine she's like really clear I'm not
even gonna be the worst part and three
two one okay Oh anybody just like you
too though whoa ladies oh you're welcome
energize so he's always been like are
texting your penis course my questions
that going to be doing on against a wall
so much favorite places like a pop
saloon I've been losing variance in
Samantha all right baby I'm trying to
gentle I'll be gentle with you oh fuck
consistency now I'm going to keep going
you must do one hump see you what I've
been living my life I won 200 lb like
ears right oh oh how can you do that one
I'm gonna put it there you got to
emotion you into rhythm right all right
sounds like this kind of okay right
excellent what is good for you to all
man you're dead just what Tom Tommy
apparently he's done it before where you
take the balloon and you line them up
and then use the thrust happily good
then the other hand goes there
okay I have told you a little bit again
in real time oh my god no homo so
usually inside a while you know we got
you tell me be bend over
you've been yellow not bending over
taking like a chance ago a little
something to plaintiff you'll get that
would take oh man those woman and I wait
you think it's Daubert get the fuck back
here only dog is very bottom anyone I'm
Chokin no fucking jacket you'll be Punk
how did you like so knit boy oh boy
everything that a girlfriend a banana
cubed oh I'm not going to help her
chance of getting one they're gonna be
like dad totally ain't know until he was
gay doggy with another dude I'm
generally by choice yeah don't worry
them not only that he chose to do this
he went out of his way to join it you
left so uh gonna have to call it there
all right Dom's Liam another class an
obvious good let's think about that was
like making stuff nowhere it girls
clothes just listen we're going to see
how abusing this dude we don't get
10,000 thumbs up it's gonna get even
gayer on Andrews channel well everything
we do is going on your
well I hope you guys enjoyed it oh my
god I did not sure you'd enjoy it myself
let's just smash the thumbs up but look
imagine Hardison we smashed each other
just now we have given everything to
here - okay our integrity your sexuality
let us have this one thing give it a
thumbs up cut yet she make it with a lot
being said make sure you subscribe to
Tommy didn't video on his channel
we like that in description below
chopping meat all right except me
still a little dedication never miss
upload well that being said I'll see you
next time
you
