we are recording and now I'm
interrupting alright Jesus I did not
take long hey my teeth like that's an
ultra white all yellow yeah I'm gonna
completely color corrector yeah yeah
what's up everybody how y'all doing
today
I'm joined by two very cool people Oh
Dylan
I can't mind you you're just
bullshitting me I know you're bullshit
no no listen any time out of context I
would completely believe you a hundred
but I knew up until now so you can't
mess with me okay yeah you're right I'm
Dylan but I don't believe you and please
introduce yourself this is my videos a
new boy yeah
Oh required no Justin today we're going
to be looking at photos I'm deciding
whether or not they are hot dogs or legs
because you know what it's actually
really hard to tell we're about to find
out okay
we want to see some hot dogs and some
Bernath legs let's do it oh those are
clearly legs hold on hold on
yeah you got you know think about this
for real okay these are these are
obviously hot dogs okay but they're
soaking them in water okay you can see
that would be Jerry you can see the many
cute dogs you can see the mini corn dogs
at the end there look and then all the
bone there yeah the bone Mad Dog
yeah take a fucking fucking hot dog the
idiot he's just calling David though
what are you talking about no I'm just
playing Geno's it would be I would say
it would be like really great commitment
if you put hot dogs in bathwater well
you put bubble soap and everything yeah
that would be great
but it's - obviously not so and the
answer is like oh these okay okay okay
okay hold on there right Harry awesome
that's either legs or some hairy
Hey that is not okay what if one of them
is hairy legs and that's some cool
perspective stuff you know they're likes
my damn it the other just hope that like
somebody that creative those could be
hot dogs you see but here's the thing
yeah if those are hot dogs and they got
stand on the hot dog they're an animal
don't run together in it but I mean
there are gonna be ones that are hot dog
yeah and somebody puts them next to
water it's always next to water I don't
know why it's not about you know like
I'm like I'm going with hot dogs and
they are damaged their legs okay
somebody's bamboozling us they put
ketchup on the legs I have a perfect way
to explain why these are hot dogs no
one's dyes are that long look at them
along their thighs are okay
realistically even their hot dogs yeah
no one dies are that long
here's what I'm thinking I feel like
that could be like the calf like there
could be like a line there like snacks
would be the leg and that could be the
cast your exam I think that's another
hot dog this is vintage ah yeah yeah it
is there's just three like no those are
like I think that likes to like dark and
they are hot dogs damn it I don't see it
that's a bullsh a yeah those are
definitely uh Lex
we don't have bath know how long we got
to think about this I feel like it's
perspective because it's in a bath you
know like we got we gotta look look the
cleaning products to foaming facial
cleanser some hot dogs have faces and it
is legs
okatee likes oh no oh you know what I
think what I've noticed is like the big
signifier is around the knee like if
there's any misshapen this yeah there's
really lovely legs did I had perfect
circle yeah I something it's like
I'm gonna go million hot dogs definitely
I think I'm gonna go with hot dogs just
because I've been saying like this whole
time yeah I mean I need to go out on a
stretch all right let's see legs
yes ah you can't all be winners yeah
okay guys means yeah I mean my mom told
me I was a winner I've been losing my
whole life I know I'm sorry like thanks
that's bumpy that's there's some bumpy
hot dogs ya know there's liberty hard or
more filled hot dogs definitely likes
legs still legs legs well don't spread
there oh look at the romantic shadowing
yeah I really sad mood yeah
my pants are tightening yeah definitely
although I would love if that was odd
yeah everyone's a hard dog I would be
genuinely impressed yeah other two let's
see Thanks yeah like obviously oh that's
a good one
no guys well made yeah the goosebumps
are really likes hot dogs I'm gonna say
hot dogs I don't get hot dogs enough hot
dogs and it is legs I'm not good I'm not
happy with this game hard dogs hard that
could be a whole pack of hot dog
you know why dogs they're Eddie's hot
dog hold on there's a little like debate
on the big dogs have that yeah they do
hot dogs hot dogs knees could have that
yeah but like that's like double kneecap
that's like I'm gonna go with the I
think hot sauce product and they are hot
dogs yeah I love being I love be dude
that's what there is if somebody took
out a pack of hot dogs possibly two
packs oh these look different colors Oh
hot dogs a million percent oh you some
hot dogs right there
they prolly got like a light and like
shine the light on it yeah look like
legs No
no Epona me they are legs what the hell
they covered themselves in like oil or
something I didn't know they had to have
like that no that's better no oil that's
a great cream glaze how the hell I would
not okay if your legs look like that
please get help okay that y'all could be
looking at the hotdogs they were on guys
you're not missing the bus like yeah
like yeah then they're bumpy yeah and
they are Thanks oh please
maybe the foot is photoshopped in know
what you're right Shay now there's a
there's like news yeah what is legs no
yeah put the flops they're trying to
throw I thought that was a weak throw up
like the other ones were better but
definitely legs definitely okay the ones
on the Left could be hotdog ones the
writer guy yeah I say like you wings
wings they're definitely both like yeah
I think so too yeah I don't I don't know
why it wasn't for the mole that was yeah
then I would believe it but they are
less oh oh no there's goose bumps there
that could just be the saturation I
think those are like I think those are
hot guns there's no leg you can't see
the oh wait is that the leg I don't know
and that could be a shadow yeah I'm
going hot
I'm gonna ice I'll go hot dogs why not
it is legs that's the weird I think
what's going on to the saturation is
like all the way up so it's like orange
obviously if I'm thinking about it who
makes orange hot dogs those look like
they came out of Satan Dookie right
there's like no no no desert those are
like burn marks no those are like do
earn mark no no no like like like in the
pants like don't already cooked hot dog
yeah that's why they're like sorry give
me like sausages or some yeah
definitely hot dogs
hey those are legs doing the bumpiness
in the sand
yes that would be a great mislead if it
was hot dogs but no way my friend and
there's no way that like that hot dogs
could be that close to the lid on it
like a real League argument no no they
are like yeah dude oh that's it
so I would say that I guessed about 90%
I'm gonna I'm gonna give us all scores
we're gonna stop you and I'm yeah I'm
pretty sure I won because like hmm
you're right
some of our scores here let us know what
you guys in the comments below
that'd be cool if you enjoyed this video
give me a thumbs up also check out the
wars twins Channel they make some funny
videos over there oh boy should have
done so good subscribe maybe I'm gonna
have to me already make sure you click
on a little bell notification to never
miss an upload because I'm posting two
videos a week these guys are you know
beautiful and the bots being said I'll
see ya next time
