what's up everybody how y'all doing
today today we're gonna be trying out
pretty a pretty quirky pretty quirky
challenge basically the premise of this
challenge is that I will be listening to
a song that is in Reverse and trying to
guess what it is not that complicated
you say you're not wrong but I don't
think it's gonna be easy I think it's
gonna be very surprising how difficult
it is to tell what some songs are but um
you know there's only one way to know
for sure to do it so with all that being
said let's just slide right on into it
and get this party started
but hold on for a second before we get
right into this if this is your first
time seeing my face make sure you
subscribe to me if you enjoy this video
and also hit that little Bell
notification to never miss an upload
also if you want more videos like this
give any thumbs up and let me know in
the comments below
alright I'm sorry I'm done talking let's
get into it oh it's closer okay that is
very clearly closer oh ignore my white
boy dancers
why would you look at that I was right
it's a 1 Andrew zero the rest of the
world next one
the piano is really creepy
the tenants I'm so good at this I'm too
poor to Shawn Mendes
my guess is treat you better I can't
think of what else would be let's take a
look for three I thought this was gonna
be so much more of a challenge what's
going on here
break I'd no idea what this is I'm
actually no clue is it Ariana Grande
it is Ariana Grande a thing this is the
first one that I thought was really hard
I have no idea what let's see what the
actual answer was it was break free I
haven't heard that song in a while
that's that's my excuse I can't even
tell like who this is
is it SIA I don't know the voice sounds
like a voice that I know I don't know I
don't know it was Taylor Swift blank
space damn it even though that's blank
space I can kind of hear it but like not
really
I've no idea what song as someone with a
high voice oh it's Justin Timberlake
whoa
it gets so depressing oh my god this is
the opposite of a happy song when you
play it backwards it's the troll song I
just favored it's called
that's its other feeling I'm sorry the
idea that also that was mmm no I'm not
I'm not warmed up next song it's Selena
Gomez there you go - how's that like
sexy like whispers like that's cool you
recognize the flavors in people's voice
oh oh oh hold on there's a guy thing now
that's Charlie pooed he said to like ah
hey guy go and do puberty kind of
clearly that was we don't talk anymore
but I couldn't tell from the chorus it
was just because I heard something -
Gomez was like that's Louie Gomez and
then I heard Charlie puth it was like
that's Charlie puth and that's how I
like I piece it together I honestly
couldn't tell with that song milk it's a
girl with a strong voice Nana Oh
I know a song did it
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo thousand
comes but we get travel in Annecy but as
long as you are with me there's no place
I'd rather be rather be I just go rather
be okay I know this oh my god the sounds
are all so familiar
it's Justin Bieber remixed by somebody
or not remix but I like working with
some guy I used to believe is that song
we were burning I don't know if you guys
do this myself
all the title otherwise I may love you
Jesus Nick let me love you I didn't
cross that finish line sprinting I I
crawled right over it point to me
Kevon open cake patty ocean oh she gets
on
it's not Shawn cuz Shawn chunk sings
better than this I have no idea I might
take the El here for a second and see it
was this embarrassing
well I'll just plating let you guys see
Jacob Sartorius how did I know that I'm
a little ashamed myself you know I mean
I am a 23 year old man so maybe I
shouldn't I've known but as a person on
the Internet
I feel like he was my duty and I really
let everyone down there Oh uptown funk
you up uptown funk you up I think it
might be uptown funk you up uptown funk
I take it's just uptown funk I'm all
about that bitch Lou the first second I
just knew mono about that bass about
that bass how do I know that so well I
didn't think I was like that big a fan
of the song but I guess I was I mean
five seconds in that's like the best
I've ever done
this rings about
first of all the song sounds so cool
backwards I have no idea what it is I
think it might be Melanie Martinez but
I'm not sure that alphabet boy I'm not
sure hey hey
hi I'm so smart so in case you were
wondering in case you're really looking
at this guy I mean like I wonder if he's
smart the answer is actually probably
not um but I'm not bad at identifying
music in Reverse so that's something hey
you gotta you gotta pay yourself on the
back for the little things man
well then that was the songs backwards
guessing song spin back in Reverse
challenge and nailed that that's saying
clearly from the lighting you can tell
that is going from day to night over the
course of this video sub and Burnett for
a little while I've completely lost
count of the amount of points that I got
out of the amount of songs that I did so
hey ed you in editing if you want to
just put the score right here I want to
see if people can beat it so did you
guess that many did you guess more did
you guess less it was I found that was
actually surprisingly easier than I
thought it'd be but it's fun songs
sounds super different bad words so I
would be able to do that again if you
guys enjoyed it let me know the comments
below and if you want me to make sure
you smash that thumbs up button I'm
making two videos a week so make sure
you subscribe to me and hit that little
Bell notification to never miss an
upload that being said it's been fun I
love you all I'll see you next time
