what's up everybody you might be
thinking to yourself I'm in a very
different location and that's half true
actually this is my sister's room and I
filmed a ton of videos in this room back
when I was email there is a handful of
people who are very persistent in that
suggesting that I should go back to
being email now for me like email Andrew
he's suppressed way deep down whenever
you know simple plan or My Chemical
Romance comes on I feel like a little
fight of him being like hey set me free
and I just push mom that down but they
say if you love something set it free so
today I'm gonna see if there's really
any enjoyment in myself being email
again in from one day and for one video
just letting it all out I'm actually
gonna get my sister to help me to a
fully complete the transformation cuz
there's quite a lot of work to do as you
can see I am NOT the emo kid I once was
I got short hair sports team hat like
this is some very emo yet I have my
sister here Linds okay and she's gonna
help because cuz he doesn't know how to
do makeup
amongst other things I'll get this I'm a
little more emo than he is Oh God Oh God
listen I'm gonna go from being the happy
fun-loving person that I am now to being
my past self so I guess the first thing
to do would be to change into more emo
close our stories my hair let's start
with the clothes I'll warm this sucker
up and you can put on some girl jeans
okay well I'm wearing right now the
adidas pants they're like lazy person
sweatpants that look good my favorite
the best thing on earth not very emo so
yeah I donated these pants they're gonna
be really short on me but they're gonna
be I'm gonna leave that what I know
leave okay all right yeah oh these are
tight oh my god you can do it and
honestly I don't care if you destroy
these so just power through it come on
down there hit you never know you know
I'm wearing t-shirt and accessories and
stuff that are a little naughty about
this is like a university number-one -
first I'm gonna change into
just a plain black t-shirt this is the
most evil thing the world no but it's
better than what I'm working with right
now I used to have back when I was an
emo kid like metal band t-shirts but I
don't have those anymore and I'm not
gonna buy them too much of a commitment
I'm doing um pretty just like slightly
less happy that's good I also feel like
modern music it all sucks you know I
mean yeah like who's Drake I mean I
still like Drake when I was email I had
long straight hair you got to try and
make my hair as long as straighten
possible right now I don't like this I
don't either this is a commitment yeah
that's why I have the Hat so when I
leave here no longer emo I can cover my
shave that's not a good sound super
unpleasant mmm love the smell of burning
hair in the morning like bacon almost I
just wanted him to actually be sad so
it's working yeah my day is just slowly
getting worse
oh no it looks kind of like um like a
like a ball cut whoo hairspray
it's great let's never get rid of this
smells good better than the burning hair
no no I like both so much you don't
understand me mom yeah it feels a little
more natural thing okay okay so I mean
obviously I can't go emo the same way I
once was it was too real and it would
take a lot of months to grow the hair
out and do other stuff I just don't want
to do so instead my sister is going to
be doing some face makeup stuff to kind
of just cheat and make me look a little
more emo yep so what are gonna do first
moisturizer because I'm gonna put a
bunch of crap on your face I just want
to like protect it no moisture is on
before makeup every time yep oh shit I
did not do that for my video at daum
yeah that's why you thought that that
was why okay so now we're gonna make
Andrew nice and pale I'm already pretty
pale yeah let's make it more pal it's
not white but paler than me paler than
you you wanna be emo yeah even out your
skin tone your emo stop squinting okay
yes you must be getting rid of all the
red because that shows emotions that we
don't want to show now there you go NEMA
I don't feel emotions dark sad
depression we're gonna hide the beard
cuz emos don't have beards do it well
dildo lookin sponge we meet again this
double I guess you call it a beard it's
not really a beard look you eyeliner I'm
not gonna kill you okay I never wore
eyeliner I've worn it more in this last
month I've worn it as an email this is
fun for me I'm like basically torturing
my brother it's pretty great I think
when I was a little kid I always wanted
to put makeup on you but you'd always
cry or like mom wouldn't let me I'm
gonna curl your eyelashes wait why is
any living bad you're just saying that
you just want to do it what would I do -
yes
io-san torture device who can I hurt ah
ah I just wanted to see if you'd let me
do it making you extra white here
alright look sad
I'm a little sad if you guys on the
video of me reacting to oedema me you
know that I had a lips as well I still
have the hole if you look really close
with her a part of me has to live with
the knowledge that I was emo
forever there's no getting rid of it
it's so big I'm so email no no what's
that oh no oh I don't like it it chokes
to think of in there black eye shadow
good no I don't like it
my sister has a spiked belt she says she
wasn't emo okay I was more into goth
alternative so like oh you know what
boom let's use this as a bracelet okay
use the chokers a bracelet yeah so I'm
always close to something that could
choke
pull this thing of lattice phone you had
so much email weird stuff
I like that animal Thanks I like that
animals oh god your person look at their
like dad thinks you're such a
disappointment parents just don't
understand me right
late al yeah rub it all over your beard
and everything get all the emo off you
all your pins
oh my darkness Satan begone I feel so
much better
honestly after puking up that email bile
these pants feel incredibly
uncomfortable don't like it anymore
done the Evo fans over drug never coming
back
I'm glad to exorcise your demons today
injured I'm glad you like let me thank
you for trusting a little credit stuff
that really really got it out I always
wanted to perform an exorcism you know
that was grateful here we are
Wow life is worth living I hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you did so match
that thumbs up button leave a comment if
you want to see my sister in more videos
cuz she is so into the attention she
gets from it really I really like it my
own YouTube you should do you want her
to make a channel you leave in the
comments I'm pretty funny subscribe to
me I make ideas like twice a week now so
do that make sure you hit that little
bell to be notified of future videos and
all that means I'll see you guys next
time
what a beautiful wedding yes blue what
is she hiding with a happy
