what's up everybody how y'all doing
today I'm joined by my new friend Colin
desi hello what's up
what today we're going to be doing a
very different angle it's a little
controversial conjurer's so we're not
spin on it I'm gonna make it cool it's
the get your age challenge and I've seen
a lot of people do this too like
musically and like all these like people
but I don't really know so today we're
going to be doing the celebrity edition
of it I know all of the people that
we're going to talk about but no idea
how old they are
I like know more about like YouTube
isn't such good like when it comes to
collecting like all the old people I did
know I don't know I think you should
know all that up game yeah so you know
which can see how it goes with that
being said I notoriously I'm a terrible
guesser of age whenever somebody's like
how old you think I am either get way
too old or way too young so wish me luck
here by smashing a thumbs up on I did
say you like this video like it with all
that being said let's get rid of do it
also a little quick thing to note
whoever gets less of these rights is
going to have to suffer some punishment
so without further ado let's go
it was with I'll QT youngish she idiom
did it batty go down now I think I think
she close to my age on say she's 24 23
27 major album after you say to her I
don't listen to her music whatever the
song I don't know about you but I'm
feeling 22 years ago you know she and
Adele would be second aid which is what
I'm shocked
I got sure cry like completely thought
that she was younger
Lily I know she 20 she'll feel good job
Taylor whatever you're doing whatever
you need it up keep it up I would all
need to go mad a picture ha ha ha
Taylor chose the picture it is clearly
going uh she's an attitude obsession
she is younger force her I think she's
cooked my age I'm going to say my three
I was gonna say that but because you
said that I'm going to say 22 okay she's
not going to tell you but when you're
different 20 or 24 present into another
age race now I'm dating going today when
your baby back that you go in 24 24 okay
yo I'm actually shocked I wonder nothing
damn it Beyonce right I mean that's him
the Queen she's having her second kid
she is not in her twenties up for sure
she's done in her forties he thanks late
thirties I think she's for you I'm gonna
39 39 I'll go with 40 what do you want
actually because I'll go 38 someone
reactivated 35 dance okay we both
thought that she was going to be
actually be ordered like deceptively
like yeah anything that she looks young
so she must be told
yeah yeah yeah she's pretty young Kylie
Jenner do you know how Jenner I think I
know actually don't know I really don't
know feel like she's not 21 so she's
looking at Nanjing I'm a thing that
probably achievements I negate wow that
was a loud a stirry right my ear I'm
just so excited that you've had that
yeah Nicki Minaj when he got it I feel
like she's close to 30 but not 30
I'm we go 28 okay fine fine do that
34 boy she looks good 34 holy Sam we
were far off my leg I retired my girl
hey how old was she when she was Hannah
Montana I don't know like 18 barely 16
probably searches around the same age as
like Justin Bieber Selena Gomez they all
then
he's number two in 221 publicly to give
a 22 yeah I think 22 is probably putting
around nine point three point four
really harder this one
demi lovato 23 that's why getting to
know 24,000 fucking Felix you 24 eyes
gets it quick what is it turn your head
I was like pretty confident it was 24 to
this trabb's frame Jennifer Lopez you a
is a valid point I think an excuse her
thirties for sure yeah I agree
move up 36 I'm gonna go 38 Timnath old
just like 40 she looks good but she
looks good for like somebody who is not
young boy yo I'm a tiny murderer not
right you know
good for her we seven where she is not
aged right Jennifer Lawrence on my mom
Collins in love with her a little and
when he's in love with somebody goes
from his mom I say mommy Yahoo mamacita
pink 24 I'm gonna agree with you
shit I don't want to accept one of us be
wrong I'm going to be 25 2000 you didn't
win that's what matters most
Jennifer Aniston 45 should definitely I
know she's in her forties she could be
like a really really hot 50 MSA 47 45 47
48 damn it no clothes how does it happen
we're always so close to each other
we're always so close I now on the sides
Lopez you're so often look I deserve it
yes I'm gonna say 2019 no baby Camila
Cabello who think is that she's from
Harmonie victories in club 22 good
accessory to you if you think you think
then you go down here I'm gonna say 20
huh Tony god I can't lose it hit junk up
hey ya rotten one but no more victory
dance get it I'm gonna grande 20 final
answer final answer this is fine what
anyone put up funny one and I still
final answer me do it get me out of it
but you know 21 I think she is 22 to 24
I'm going to say 23 I'm at issues my age
what is in your right what I do you know
this is 21 or 22 ahead of me no oh my
god
I'm so in love with her 20 G G it is
2020 oh okay no 25 answers when you
would turn what I've seen you owe her
yeah is that I come back that enjoyed
you this is American Parks and Rec I
didn't watch a man my friends a unless
you okay well Aubrey Plaza is gorgeous
25 hosting a character he barks generic
25 26 I'm giving what above you heard uh
no idea
32 good for her she does not look 32
Emma Stone 27 27 230 27 months everyone
okay 20 years no corn dough instead
corny yeah I literally like ah Anna
Kendrick 25 30 30 28 Queen shoot is so
pretty and you look young but I feel
like it's deceptive 30 31 output one
year insurance good all right last one
my girl Ella magenta
now 40 now 39 38 45 my guess wait I tell
oh shit older young like no dude ready
you do any rats in 40 Bob to do it
that's it whoa what she's 59 what she
looks so good for 59 good for her good
job this is the secret to being youthful
forever to be covered exactly well Colin
I need to do this T is when it was yell
off so we got home with a punishment you
come for this okay so basically we
decided that I'm going to dump a bucket
of ice water on Colin so excited about
this No
so here's our bucket I'm going to fill
with ice and then with water hey go get
you on my head that's me the word yeah
oh come on dude suck oh my god I broke
my head is so cold yah stop it didn't
like that I was freezing at me wait the
ice water was cold
no no way ice we're back how does that
mean you cold it's freezing who is not
good all good things but anyways that's
the video I hope that you enjoyed it
went pretty well every additionally one
by a lottle and how wouldn't I share of
it um but you know it just goes to show
damage genius you who's really done
Taylor Taylor specifc hey Evan if you
enjoyed this video make sure you give it
a thumbs up and where you want to die up
like this or you'll die yeah you don't
like to read you're gonna die a lot of
me are going to come to you and yeah
it's miss your first time seeing my face
and you didn't hate this video hit the
subscribe button and click that little
demo because you're next to it to never
miss an upload yes that's really it so
what that means is see you guys next
time please
