what's up everybody how y'all doing
today listen I'm 23 years old and I
understand that in the social media
world that can feel kind of old I mean
there's thirteen year old people who are
massive on social media and you know
musically it's all young people so you
would think I'm pretty I'm pretty damn
mature I'm gonna be looking at some
images that can be interpreted two ways
how they actually are and the filthy
disgusting way to look at it now we're
gonna find out today what lens I see the
world through I like to think that I'm a
really adult mature juicy person but you
know not everybody I mean we're gonna
find out we're gonna see whether I'm
right and just how it's dirty my mind
can be wait hold on
I feel like super unlucky right now you
know what really probably make me feel
better is why don't you assume that you
did it
I'm never gonna get into it if you enjoy
this video or Google at any point
subscribe to me if you haven't already
and hit that little Bell notification
see you notified the second I upload I'm
posting two a week baby all right
let's just get into this oh okay how do
I look at this uh okay first of all I
did not for one second think that was a
person's hairy weird but in a baby's
face that'd be so weird I didn't think
that it's a bald guy and it's his head
and his shoulder and his ear looks like
a butthole I I didn't think that for a
second his ear could be interpreted toes
like a butthole not to me though looked
old oh okay um
it's not oh it's an eye it's a closed
eye with an eyebrow
god I'm so mature I hope not everything
is just Buffalo themed that's the theme
in today's video but holes oh that's not
even okay it's just a leg
I didn't think four is it if you thought
that that was more than it was your
disgusting disgusting oh okay um you
know what I I see what it's trying to do
the bottom of this Cup looks like at the
nipple but it's not it's not that's just
the cup it was a very it is a very
low-cut shirt it's very it's very tricky
but I see right through your shit wait
hot
those aren't feet because that doesn't
look like the shape of a foot what is
that is that the hint I think that's her
hand I'm not sure those are like really
big fingers if that's her hand she has
very large fingers I don't know if it's
a good thing or a bad thing oh oh I feel
like I shouldn't be looking at this what
could that be what's you got like
pom-poms on her wrist
it looks like nuts what is it I don't
see it I wish there was like an
explanation to these photos but it just
is dirty from dirty looking photos it's
like it's a hand and she's got like
pom-poms on her wrist that's what it has
to be why do you wear pom-poms odorous
weird choices that's on you lady whose
legs are whose why is the three legs for
two people wears one of the other legs
clearly this is supposed to look like
the girl in black has her legs but I'm
over the believe that the blonde girl
has the two legs in front of her and the
brunette I don't know where her other
leg is oh it's on the other side no I
see it okay it looks like she's not
wearing anything but just because they
both have like shorts or whatever I see
through your lies look I think if
anything the message so far is that I am
super clear-minded
don't sexualize anything unless it's
like given to me incredibly obviously
I'm I'm a man that can't be broken
that's a dick coming out of a but um
that's a dick coming out of a but or a
but Ruben I guess
the hotdog stands right why is the
hotdog buried in that bun like it's not
just put in there and like come it's
buried deep in that bun they knew what
they were doing
wow that's a convenient looking leak
okay please don't tell my theater
cinnamon buns because I buy these and if
that's what they are no it's not right
brands flaky layers I want to believe
that that's like croissants or crescent
rolls or maybe you call them if it's
cinnamon buns I'm not gonna ever order
cinnamons ago cinnamon buns again
because that looks like a nut sack what
are they ugly clearly okay they have
like a high-pressure these cans right so
you pop it and then it like shoots open
how does that much get out and why is it
in that shape what do you think like the
world is trying to tell you when you
drop your phone and crack it and it
looks like two dicks touching that
happened to me I would sell my phone I
would like I would put it up on eBay and
I bet you could get like a hundred
thousand dollars or something like that
they are a crazy people out there who
would put that much money into some
double dick phone oh this is even better
cuz taking the sweet innocence of
childhood and like worship maybe it
looks like they're all like holding
hands and praying you know just Jesus
and childhood and it's making it look
like it's two dicks touching this is a
dirty image thing so I don't know what
else I'd expect but seen a lot of a lot
of chick stuff I mean obviously it looks
like a dick I'm not gonna pretend like I
don't see it but it's a little fluffy
dog and that's adorable I wonder if
that's like a happenstance thing I just
happen to one time you're like wait the
way that is tuned it looks like a dick
or if that literally is like that dog
everywhere it goes looking like a dick
because that would be hysterical I would
need to get one of those dogs just to
like trip people out that puts a whole
new meaning to the term wiener dog oh
okay oh it's I have one of these it's a
wait it's really I have one of these so
you can't trick me she's traveling she's
probably I mean maybe she's at an
airport but it's got a little den here
but it looks like a butt and it's
covering her butt and kind of skin color
which is we borrowed you get these skin
colors I got mine in red and it doesn't
look like a butt if this looks like my
butt I've spent too long at the beach
that'd be hilarious okay that's that's
someone's foot I feel like she did that
on purpose
why is he squatting so weird that to me
stands out more this is really tanned
junk he's like come on to the photo
already wait it's the guy holding the
camera like around his junk is he just
like babe has the photo look yeah it
looks good oh that's gonna be some sweet
pics click it bend over a little more
you don't see the shadow the guy's hands
being up it looks like they're down here
so I'm just saying that's a pretty weird
thing to do I'm wondering how many of
these photos were intentionally made to
look sexual typical a shoulder butthole
technique I'm getting used to this I'm
picking up unlike how these photos get
interpreted you can also see the clothes
that she's wearing above and below the
shoulder but I mean hey if you love dick
and you got the money by all means let
the world know although if you didn't
know that that was what you were paying
for god I would feel so bad for you or
if you didn't see it and you bought a
house and it had that God you poor thing
you got to get that changed immediately
all right
I've done my share of dirty things I
guess uh more of the stories that maybe
I'm not as mature as I once thought I
still think I saw through a lot of that
so give me some credit okay give me a
little bit of credit hey if you enjoyed
this video make sure you give it a
thumbs up let me know in the comments if
you got tricked by any of these photos
or if you thought that they looked
sexual where they were not uh-huh
and yeah make sure you subscribe to me I
make two videos a week now it looks like
I'm doing Monday and Friday but just to
be sure
click on the belt next to subscribe
button and you'll get notified of all my
videos when they come out and you'll see
them because it'd be a shame if you
didn't make sure you subscribe to me if
you're not already and with all that
being said I'll see y'all
