what's up everybody how's it going I'm
joined today by my sister and there's
this a very Canadian trend going around
I don't know if it's like a popular
trend but I've seen YouTube channel it's
your boy do it my friend Savin stuff
they both did it and it's basically
where you buy a hundred copies from Tim
Hortons they have a special contest
going on where every time you buy coffee
you can row up the rim in win prizes
grand prize in a car I'm a gambler you
know so today I want to buy 100 copies
and drink um hopefully we'll win
something and make our money back
otherwise I'm gonna spend a lot of money
for no reason I need good luck what do
you think is like the most lucky thing
people could do oh I know maybe a thumbs
up mash that button if we don't win
that's your fault not in the thumbs up
button and I don't want to have to blame
you so just but let's write that copy
no dammit alright then I'll get a four
cheese bagel with cream cheese
yeah I think they give you a small black
coffee you want a copy all right yeah
please small regular a small regular
coffee and then ninety eight medium yeah
ninety-eight and marble doughnut 1980s
and then two small we just want to pay
for the close-ups
okay then we'll buy the college yeah how
much did that cost that's one hundred
and sixty dollars worth of coffee cups
and we're gonna get actual coffee I'm
not going to do with it we're gonna
drink it then we got our two smalls as
well right they didn't have jalapeno
Vagos as a very upset oh but I won I got
the right woman it's really weird
because I stick to morons that I go to
every single day and they're like yeah
you're the jalapeno bagel guy every day
and get the same thing mm-hmm
 expose me hey guys um they wouldn't
let us order 100 coffees without the
coffee so we have this oh my god it's so
big like it's it Dwarfs us there's a
spout it's so big
full of coffee it's like a garbage
garbage
I order a separate coffee for myself
leave some comments suggestions with
what the hell I should do with all this
coffee cuz even remember to go out and
try and give it to like homeless people
like I don't have a car it's not gonna
be easy and there's not enough homeless
people to give this to in the area
so baby okay dokay a.m. so we got our
100 bucks here let's get unpacking all
right I'm feeling lucky are you doing
lucky good wait a 2007 2017 Honda Civic
Coupe idiot is the role the rim video
and we're not doing it right let me
stack all these cups up to make a really
tall tower okay
so making a pivot oh you're making a
beer Oh
all right so here we're gonna do we're
gonna make a looser pile and water pot
we'll both just have a loser - what
about you should sit in the loser pile I
think so edited out so let's just get to
it 100 cups they're small actually
ordered mediums with a game of smalls
but that's okay
That's Life that's life mm-hmm do you
have a good like way to do it I usually
use my teeth no I want your first one no
no I guess he wins a day so where's the
wind pile wherever you put it loser I'm
gonna actually be able to fly through
these they're like yeah like I'm a
winner
you know Andrews a loser like this okay
like that's kind of like our lives like
it's okay I've done nothing but lose so
far okay please play again that was a
loss I literally do this every day
Lindsey I was born for this video
although I'm also born to win so I don't
know oh I want to copy nice I don't win
but I get coffee win coffee where am i
wins there's a bug in this Cup yeah just
a little my flora here is dead oh where
is this Oh potato wedges yeah yeah
that's a pretty big win I was like look
at all those words I was like that's a
full guidance like in French tuzik
caught you at home
Oh coffee your tutor Road
Coffee it gets less exciting no more you
do it I feel bad for the dude who did a
thousand I mean that's a doughnut but
like they have to go through a thousand
how did it did not wait $100 giftcard
that's what I don't understand so when
we were asked at Tim Hortons there was a
lady there who was like you guys know
they only give away one car in Ontario
right I guess to kind of like deter us
from buying a hundred Oh videos off now
thanks lady ha she was trying to like
the turis from doing the challenge or
whatever she's like you know they you're
probably not gonna get in the car I'm
like you have it I could get a lot of
coffee
win-win I love getting coffee
see these are great window nuts you have
three in a row yeah I just got three
around I'm one five and you've won like
ten okay so let's do the math here yeah
there's the loser piles we can just get
rid of those I have one two three four
five six seven wins coming to us so
we've 1,700 oh but we didn't open our
own our drink we're gonna try our
coffees okay
last two you ready you verse actually
yeah so I'm 11
I got 11 1 you got 11 I got 7 or did I
get 8 8 8 drum roll
nobody gets good alright it's rigged
that's my conclusion but I'm pretty sure
it's not possible
cuz it was I would've won so 18 out of a
hundred or winners I said it was like
186 chances so I've actually probably
pretty pretty accurate to win anything
yeah well I thought that because other
people lost and made us more likely to
win I know but that's never the case is
that was wrong so what did we win let's
add up like the math of how much of
everything to rip off the tabs coffee
wedges coffee
hey Kathy you change how you want other
stuff okay so in total we won twelve
coffees for donuts and two potato wedges
not terrible for the next couple days
the people who know me is the jalapeno
bagel guy it's gonna get some other
things too coffees doughnuts and wedges
guy I actually I'm gonna have some more
coffee or so Oh could you fill me up to
your top yeah give me yeah look at that
oh my god the floodgates have opened
well it is still hot who would guess
it's clearly rigged it's not about what
you women do I've learned that it's
about the experiences in the friendship
how long do you think it'll take you to
first yeah 100 cups or the coffee in
there give me a day spent on the toilet
yeah one Gildan coffee I know but please
take some coffee they made us take the
coffee so we have this much coffee I
just wanted the cups one okay just just
get the camera well we're gonna calling
her mm-hmm Canberra I thought that's
what I am I'm a camber
so hope you guys enjoy this video we
have a ton of coffee do we have to start
drinking so we gotta go do that but good
enjoy it make sure you subscribe to me
shouldn't have YouTube channels there's
nothing to do now there's really nothing
okay but let me know in the comments if
you want to see more my sister so I can
edit out everything she says and me out
there of me um I make new videos weekly
I've been doing weekly so maybe we'll
keep that going so make sure you
subscribe to see those my being said
I'll see y'all next time
