what's up everybody how's it going hey
YouTube I'm just hanging out with Curtis
and we were like you know we should do
still video video that was that was just
a random thought that we had today we're
going to be doing something that you
know what we're bandwagon is mm-hm
but it looks it looks fun it looks it's
like it's okay if you if you admit that
you're banned well yeah if you can just
own it you know and I do nothing if not
own things
he owns things I can tell you that much
today we're doing the try not to sing
alongs challenge okay well I'm glad you
asked I'm gonna explain it to you so
okay open your ears we're gonna be
watching this video too compilation of a
bunch of popular songs okay and trying
to fight the urge to not sing along oh
that's what I call it the try not to
sing jazz yeah it's pretty tough I
actually feel like this is gonna be hard
for me because I'm a singer like even
before I ever was capable of creating a
note that sounded not awful carrying it
to I would be a very obnoxious missing
and people would be like shut up all
done but I just can't help it I want to
hear a song it's contagious yes it works
over my whole body and I just yeah yeah
you do
I'm the same way I feel like every every
time a song comes on I have to yeah this
is gonna be quite the quite the content
I'd say it will be quite the challenge
Wow I honestly don't know get through it
I feel like maybe what would help is
getting this video to 1,500 thumbs up
smash that thumbs up on right now and
yeah I guess once you've hit that thumbs
up button whenever you're ready we can
start this video let's just get right
into it
headphones you're right we're gonna
share some headphones okay this is such
an us problem this is the hardest why
don't have phones do this okay I'll take
the right
that's right you can put that in your
ear there it is okay I know this song
yeah but like I don't know know this
song right now I'm not like so the urge
isn't like overwhelming yeah but it's
there for sure oh it's definitely there
we're dancing on yeah like it's not a
singsong you just don't like like doing
this like get that urge oh this one is
though yeah Justin Timberlake song is
just like the new yeah that's the new
version of that yes yeah the next year's
version you insane a tango right now I
like this song it's a good one yeah
sounds really good
this was like one year ago exactly that
Gigi I did there's a good track I'm
singing it in my head I'm picturing
myself so yeah this music video is so
good did I know it's so red this isn't
another language so I can't really I
don't know this song if they did the
other Sakura something that everyone
does yeah the truthful hips yeah hips
don't a lot of right oh shit
this is a dog easy I know I thought it
was gonna be like super easy but I want
to sing as one oh we went to go see them
in concert ooh ah this sucks
someone Oh a track is the track this
music video is so good it's crazy
feeling every famous person just to be
in it for like a second yeah I've never
seen the video for this I didn't know
there was a video cool I'm learning so
much oh my god so hard to just not join
in there oh
Kosar that's like that was like the
anthem what three months ago I think so
that's it no bloom there was last summer
no no no no this looks tough waiting for
that video really I'm more like
infatuated about like usual going on oh
man this is try not to dance you trying
like bad and bougie I had to say it how
is the track to Sean did it yeah I
wanted to drop another album I'm ready
for it
Mike just did of you I don't care you
need to drop this is like one of those
sad sing-along yeah it's not fun to sing
along that you did anyone know it is fun
to sing along yeah that's true I guess
but it's just like it's fun in a sad way
yeah sunset it's like a singing like my
heart will go on
throw back I this is tough man I know
this is a lot
god it's fucking taking every ounce of
my being another thing is not Oh got the
heart the hairy part yeah I know I'm so
mad at this I feel like a this music
video
I remember watching it just being like
you're just like harassing these guys
we're trying to do their job and they're
just like rolling around in their work
and they're like hey fifth harmony I'm
trying to build a house yeah this is
edgy gets now I never got it with his
1v2 this is just nicely throwback to all
the tune listen cuz you go through him
so quick hmm yo here's my thing with
Ariana songs as I always find myself
singing them and it's always like like
dangerous woman they all sing that I'm
like yeah I don't feel like a dangerous
woman yeah so it's a little out of place
yeah I get this cuz I'm not dangerous
you are I'm a safe woman we did it is
that it I'm literally going to karaoke
tonight
you kept yeah I'm gonna like compensate
for all the lack of singing she's not
gonna get offstage like it's either
gonna be like yeah people can go die you
know what I did today you don't and the
struggle I win I got lost I mean I guess
but no one's really a loser here exactly
however there's the loser defeat
challenge that you have to do yeah you
have to take a shot of pee yeah maybe
we'll get to 1,500 thumbs up courtesy
hun and I'll do a shot of pee it'll be
pee real warm peace the warmest pee
hoppy hoppy yeah so get hit those thumbs
up you want to see this guy bring a
tepee or if he just wants to do another
video together and for a curse to drink
pee he want us to do a video of us
drinking pee together okay you lost so
like you're the p-trigger you're the
piss guzzler here okay
we also did a video everyone curtis's
channel what do we do if we did we did
the reddit 5050 challenge oh shit let's
do some gross stuff I'm about to go film
that yeah things are things things are
gonna get pretty gross so make sure to
check that out link will be in the
description below so do that subscribe
to me subscribe to Curtis if you're not
already and with all that being said see
you next time
