this video is sponsored by vanity planet
but more on vanity planet and other
great products later summer is around
the corner and there is no better way to
spend it than with that special somebody
unfortunately for a lot of us that means
sitting around and whining about not
having a significant other but not for
long
that's right wipe those tears away
because I'm about to hook all of you up
with the right information not to have a
hook up not to have it's complicated
situation on Facebook but to find that
special someone and have a boyfriend
today I'm gonna be sharing with you my
six tips to get a boyfriend and quick
this is coming from the perspective of a
guy okay I know what works on my fellow
dudes so this is guaranteed and I mean
it's May
already so if you don't 1 by June you're
gonna start missing out on some sweet
summer moments and we can't happen so to
start us off the first few tips are all
about your mindset because what have you
been doing so far clearly if you're
watching this video hasn't been working
too great so there are a few things that
we need to change and to be clear here
I'm not saying you have to change who
you are this is just taking on a more
positive optimistic approach you being
the US version of yourself is what's
really gonna make these dudes swoon so
keep that that's very important anyways
my first tip is to adopt a nothing to
lose mentality this is just the idea of
giving up the concept of stressing out
over talking to someone because you're
intimidated by them being hot at the end
of the day sure it sucks to be turned
down but also most strangers you're
probably never gonna see again so
there's not much at stake
like nothing except maybe hurting your
ego a little bit which I know it sucks
but it's something that we have to get
over and if you already have your eyes
on someone and there's something that
you know you're gonna see again you know
what if you play it off like it wasn't a
big deal
then it's not gonna be weird and they'll
probably like you more just for how how
well you handled it and maybe in the
future we'll start to develop something
there
this whole step is just super important
because if you're too scared to try
talking to new people or just worrying
about every little thing you do it's
gonna keep you from trying something new
and taking risks and if you're watching
this video you know playing it safe
housing that new a boyfriend so far so
let's just try something different again
nothing to lose tip number 2 goes hand
in
the previous tip but you need to be
confident I mean people will see right
through you if you approach them and
you're too shy to say anything but being
confident is a lot easier than people
think it's just about knowing and
treating everything you do like it's not
a huge deal it's the difference between
hey I think you're really attractive
okay thanks and hey I just want to let
you know you're really cute so make of
that what you will
did you see how the first approach is
making the whole conversation just like
a really big deal it's almost like I'm
regretting it as I'm saying it but the
second way I did it it's just a nice
thing to say in passing and it doesn't
have to necessarily go anywhere but
little interactions like that can just
help you normalize stuff like that and
just as a little bonus to help out here
you should do everything you can that
makes you feel great about yourself
maybe that means you're wearing your
favorite clothes the ones that make you
feel the most confident maybe you're
wearing perfume or something that you
really like you could be with your most
loud and obnoxious friends who make you
feel so comfortable that like any new
crazy situation you find yourself in
you're more prepared to handle one thing
that always makes me really insecure is
if I go outside and have any sort of
acne if I have a pimple if I've got some
cysts or something that is really hard
on myself consciousness but luckily my
sponsor for this video vanity planet has
sent me their spin for perfect skin
brush which has actually done wonders to
help clear that up so I can get outside
and feel great and as you can see it
comes with four different
interchangeable attachments all with
totally different uses so you are
covered from head to toe it's perfect to
cleanse and exfoliate and it removes
bacteria to help promote visibly clearer
skin it'll get off dirt oil and debris
stuff that your hands just can't rub off
and best of all it's also water
resistant so you can use it in the
shower Wow
and like I said when you feel good about
yourself it really shows and how you
talk and how you act so check out the
link in the description to get 70% off
one of these bad boys
with my discount code quo wait does
somebody say 70% that is way too good of
a deal no that's exactly what I said
70% what youtuber gets 70% off anything
only me link in that description anyway
now that you were the most optimistic
version of yourself step 3 on this list
is to know what you want
and what you value because after my next
few tips you might be going on tons of
dates and I don't want you to get so
caught up that you forget what you value
and what you want so you end up with
like the totally wrong dude for you and
are not happy like in general if you
want a boyfriend and your date doesn't
want anything serious
you're not gonna magically change his
mind so I think it's better to think
he's a lost cause than to basically let
him play you like for example if you
know it's really important to you that
your future boyfriend loves dogs or
Harry Potter or just whatever really
means a lot to you that's great
hold on to that cuz if you settle for
someone who doesn't share you know the
one thing that's most important to you
that's always gonna be there all I'm
saying is make sure when you get to know
someone you know what you are and are
not willing to compromise on ok the next
few steps are on to actually finding
this guy your dreams and locking them
down so tip number four on this list is
basically level 1 of putting yourself
out there tell your friends that you
want to find a boyfriend and see if they
know any guys that are attractive and
single I know it might seem a little
awkward but they're friends they're
gonna want to help you plus they'll be
the best possible wingmen because they
love you because they're your friends
and they're gonna have only great things
to say and if it's with someone who
they're friends with that person's gonna
trust what they say there's also just so
much more to talk about when you already
have a mutual friend
like you know similar people you can
talk about them you can share stories or
just talk about how like weird it is
that you guys are on like kind of a
blind date situation and you know maybe
who you're set up with isn't your soul
mate
but at least if they're attractive you
know it's good dating practice now
you're one step closer to finding the
one Wow so of all your friends and
friends of friends have gotten the memo
and you still haven't found the right
one it's time to go to level 2 and
number 5 on this list you need to put
yourself in unfamiliar situations odds
are up until this point you haven't
really been in any crazy new situations
or tried anything radically outside your
comfort zone and it's time for that to
end because you need to expand your
horizons and put yourself out there a
little more so that means trying some
new things where new people will be
maybe that's going to some new concerts
trying out new restaurants signing up to
a different gym or studying at the
library instead of home little things
like that and this might be a scary
thought but maybe try doing some of
these things by yourself going
friends is very comfortable but it's
easy to not have to socialize with new
people whereas if you're by yourself
it's kind of like the Wild West like
anything could happen
I honestly think you might be amazed at
just how many more interactions you have
with strangers when you're by yourself
and just open to the idea of interacting
with strangers on to tip number six and
the other next few are about how to lock
in this date and turn into boyfriend
material tip six is to just be really
fun and creative with your date ideas
because a really great date is something
that people don't forget like if you
have a typical movie and dinner date it
could go great but at the same time
they're not gonna remember that date
years from now you don't I mean I've
gone on some dates with girls that are
so cool and unique that even though you
know it didn't turn into a relationship
I still remember and cherish that day
because it was so much fun some examples
maybe get them to bring their friends
and you get your friends and you guys go
on like a crazy bar crawl that you
impromptu makeup or maybe you sign up to
take like a painting class or like a
dance class or I don't know just
anything you haven't done before or
involves one of your interests that's so
cool like people don't do those kinds of
things anymore
some of my favorite dates from
experience doing karaoke I love karaoke
so that's always a lot of fun I've
wandered around a flea market which is
like such a weird place it's really cool
to see like all the weird stuff they
have there I've gone ice-skating doesn't
apply in the summer if you if you're
able to do that I don't want to be where
you are but you get my point stuff
that's just different and shows how much
fun you can be and once you start seeing
someone consistently tip number seven is
to play a little hard to get the whole
point of this step is to let a guy prove
to you that he's serious there is a lot
of ways to do this and I don't think you
should do this - extremely because you
don't want to push him away but like one
example is keep yourself busy
occupy your time so when he wants to
hang out you only have two days in the
week that you have any time and so he
has to you know accommodate your
schedule you know I would recommend not
double texting if he's not replying and
just in general not seeming like you're
overly desperate to see him because I
could push him away cuz if he's putting
very minimal amounts of effort into you
know the little bit of a relationship
the two of you have he's probably not
too interested in being a boyfriend as
much as just hooking up or something
like that and last on our list number
eight is to not overanalyze a guy on
your first few dates if he's talking
about stuff that interests him don't be
like uh-oh he likes this done everyone
is different and while it's important to
share interests and probably not date
someone who is the complete opposite
opinion of you on everything
overthinking whether or not someone's
the one early on the date is really just
gonna drive you crazy and it's gonna
lead to a lot of disappointment just try
and enjoy yourself see if you get along
sometimes love can be more of a slow
burn than sparks flying everywhere just
be open-minded and most importantly have
fun anyway that was it for the video
thank you all so much for watching and
again I just want to give a huge
shout-out to vanity planet for
sponsoring this video this spin for a
perfect skin brush is honestly really
dope and 70% off is a huge deal so if
you're interested check out the link in
the description and again use my
discount code quo for that discount I
just said that word a lot and that would
just help support me and my channel and
show that my followers care which would
mean a lot aside from that if you
enjoyed this video let me know by giving
me a big thumbs up also tell me in the
comments what's the best advice you've
ever been given to help get a boyfriend
let me know down below last week I asked
what is the first thing that you see
when you look at someone and so on
screen right now are my favorite
comments from that video and again if
you want to be featured at the end of
next week's video make sure you're
leaving a comment down below right now
I'll give a huge Instagram shout out to
Louise Rose for spamming a whole ton of
my Instagram pics and also for being a
new follower hey Louise thank you for
your follow I hope I don't disappoint
also ho daya who went all the way
through all of my photos and liked all
of them so wow thank you I don't deserve
this love but I appreciate it and lastly
Claire who commented on a recent photo
that she's a little upset I've been
making a little less videos but she
understands and forgives me because of
what I captioned on that video now if
you for some reason know follow me
answer yet you might not know what the
caption was about so let me just fill
you in aside for making videos on this
channel I have also started another
channel and a
company a non-profit company called
venture social club and basically what
we're gonna do is throw themed unique
parties around Toronto and donate the
proceeds to charity we just did our
first event and eventually I'll be
posting a video with footage from it on
a different channel but in the meanwhile
if you are at all interested in the idea
or supporting it and just learning a
little more there'll be links in the
description to check that out also go
follow those three people I just shut it
out because they are amazing and if you
want an Instagram shout out of your own
make sure that you're following me on
instagram my instagrams Andrew quo it's
right there they'll also be a link in
the description to that and yeah if you
just like and comment on some stuff
maybe I'll show you about next week
finally subscribe to me for more videos
if you haven't had your fill of advice
yet you can check out more over here and
with all that being said I will see you
next week peace
