everybody says videos going to be pretty
different from what I regularly do it's
probably going to be the most
embarrassing video I've ever put out and
the most embarrassing video that I ever
will put out at least the most
embarrassing video I've ever put out in
the last couple of years a lot of people
don't know this about me although a lot
of it is public but if you go back
enough into my youtube channel you can
see that I had a bit of a dark past I
wasn't always the person you see before
you wearing normal ish clothes looking
like a regular regular dude own always a
case from the years 2008 to 2010 about I
was an email gift today we're going to
react to that before before we get into
this this is just this is gonna be
really hard for me so just help make it
a little easier give this a thumbs up
smash that thumbs up loaded right now mm
time's up number two being a lot of pain
all right let's do this okay so you're
you can already see that I did have long
hair but I made a habit of taking out
all the photos where it looked awful so
that was me dressed up as link I am a
big fan of alleged deleterious but it's
like a pretty like emo kids teenage
thing to do dress up as links which is a
great game I would probably still do it
but like that is a thing here is an old
youtube video that I posted it is on my
current YouTube channel so you go up and
dig it up but I have longer hair and I
don't know if you can see it but if you
look in zoom in real close there's a lip
piercing there so you know I was that
kid I don't know where this photo came
from but it's tiny what am I even doing
there I'm leaning in like like oh my god
oh my what a cringe press okay let's
let's keep it going
okay that's where I thought it looked
really cool you can tell I thought I
looked sick as fuck this is a screenshot
from a video that I put up but I was
playing video games as part of like a
skit and I thought I looked so cool
being like oh maybe here
oh what's up the Pierces but I wasn't so
joke's on me looking back this was like
the emo me like this is the photo that I
used to represent email me
and actually a screenshot my video but
you know what kind of skit are you
posing like that for it's like look it
up sexy iron I want to answer the phone
like hey babe you want to call me let's
talk about my chemical romance it
actually gets better because another
staple of being an email kited if you
guys don't know this is a really shitty
caption the two others make you simp
deep right and cool so this is was it
bitter when you tossed and turned on an
undercover mattress did it feel so good
at home in now so good don't know what I
do if you lost sleep over little old me
at that point in my life I mean
obviously you can tell I was very single
and had always been so I don't
understand on me but you could have
alleys slept with miiverse this is me uh
prom or my way to prom
who would longer hair you know let me
see did but it's pretty close it was a
tight competition what if tomorrow never
come what is giving us giver the other
the other is just wondering what was
quite the philosopher as an email kid oh
I fucking hate posers you can't make
this stuff up that just real email as it
get you know I was trying to make a
point here I guess make a case but I
already said it Andrew is email well I
love even more that like I do to my high
school was like where is the dislike
button trim in front of that guy at
school that could save so much time
let's get a couple videos that are
currently on my channel I haven't
watched these videos like since I posted
them so I'm kind of nervous to see
what's up but let's see how this goes so
youtube user mmm-ah more more rhiness
can't read to an odd username but God
knows I'm dragging this out but ok come
on I understand it out Mauri Mauri so
the bull said you suck at praying :
hahaha XD the question here isn't can I
kill a man okay I look into my eyes what
I do
Oh why did I say that that's so stupid
I'm such
okay you don't want to prank all anymore
because it cuts to a shot of the
personnel it wasn't a good prank okay um
I'm gonna ignore that pac-man
hi Olivia we have the big angry section
I can't watch anymore
I get it stupid okay let's move on hi
there's one of those days you know we
just don't want to in move or you think
joking
I think I'm kidding with you yeah what I
do okay it's like the epitome of the XD
kid you know like I was so random and
funny how on top of that I need to make
my own food like what hey drew you are
molded gotcha
no laughs so people ask me how when you
make videos for my first youtube video
on my current channel goes back to 2011
but their stuff before all the really
embarrassing stuff that's on this other
channel hey youtube
so my longtime subscribers you know that
I was in a collab channel before the
summer and it was awesome and for all my
new subscribers look at those a hub
channel before the summer just like look
at this shot you can't see my eyes I'm
wearing like a vest very much and it was
awesome but we spontaneously stopped
fear not though because we're coming
back and stronger than ever
however with how ever we're short on two
members right now hey the dizzle yeah
get out there and kick some balls
I just tried so hard I'm wondering like
I won't point my life is that I was
going to stop being so extra it's like a
break from videos for a second when you
think of emo what's the first website
that comes to mind because it's probably
not YouTube you guessed it MySpace
I actually don't know like what's up
with the new my face I have a sweet
layout
and background music and stuff it was
some real emo music I mean you know when
you're in you know kids you listen to a
lot of music that was on my profile it's
gone now so I'm a little upset but
there's still some pics let's take a
look shall we
oh and before I get into this but it's
going to come up anyway um for the time
of my life where I thought it was a good
idea when I had long hair and
straightened it - also bleach it there
it is I'm very dark and sensitive I have
a lot of feelings my dad doesn't
understand me
I think that was my bear hat probably
got that from Hot Topic - depressed oh
my god wearing suspenders there's two
ways to wear suspenders really there's
like the I'm going to wear it with my
suit and then there is the email kid way
we're like I don't know I I think it'll
make me be different I'm just trying
really hard to be cool I want people to
be like Oh Joseph spenders what a cult
is huh my emojis are all wet I don't
know in this land but what is it we're
in a tie without a collar I'm so
different with my mop my mop of hair oh
okay this is where the blondes really
gonna show every angle just makes it
look worse how is that possible this is
why I tried to cover it up so much
because it looked just awful with that
idea
whoa just can't be a cure don't arrest
me I'm going to tell you right now I
know the fact there was no contest for
this photo it wasn't a screenshot from
like someone's the end put your hands up
it was I was like you know would look
really cool you know it looks sick oh no
whatever you do don't ask me I've been
so much trouble so I'm gonna stop
reacting to stuff now but if you do want
a little bit more email Andrew I got one
last little bit if you want it I used to
listen to a ton of really emo music I
don't know if you're an emo kid or if
you just listen to like simple plan and
My Chemical Romance or stuff like that
or if you ever did but I used to listen
to ourselves all the time and so what I
did was I went on Spotify and made a
little emo kid playlist and there's an
app called a vertigo music which allows
me to livestream myself listening to it
as well as like
commentary so basically what I'm going
to be doing is a live stream going
through all my old emo tunes and if you
guys want to listen to that that would
be really cool you should download the
app and check it out and be doing a
bunch of live streams in the next couple
weeks so definitely download the app and
check it out and follow me we're going
to be listening to some cringing music
together but also kind of good music
there's probably still a little bit of
emo energy in me I mean I've got my ears
pierced so what does that say you can't
trust anything I said if you do this
video give a thumbs up subscribe to me
make videos weekly
you
