I'm 27 3 3 2 1 2 aah oh my god so
flooding good morning everybody
it is literally the next day since I
filmed my last video but today is a very
big day for me because today is Dave my
Christmas party I mean first of all just
look at this room look at all like the
stuff there's just far too much of it
it's way too messy no party can happen
here additionally I need to make jello
shots and we just need to do a hell of a
lot of stuff so I'm gonna start my day
right my roommate works at Starbucks and
he brings us beans and he got me the
Christmas blend because I specifically
asked so get inside me
in the past me
that's hot
so obviously there's a lot of work to be
done but the thing that concerns me the
most about today the thing I'm most
unsure I can get done or not the jello
shots there is a type of soft cup that
exists that it looked the perfect thing
to put these little jello shots in then
you need to slur from up and I've
somehow I've managed to get them every
year but I don't know where to get them
from three years ago I think Juan worked
at a coffee shop that had them and he
has long since left that coffee shop two
years ago I went to a convenience store
down the street and I asked if they had
it and they said no and then they were
like wait a minute and went upstairs and
checked and ended up having it and
selling it to us it wasn't like one of
the things that was for sale they just
had it and then they closed down last
year I walked into a few restaurants
until one of them told me that they
could just like give me them and I gave
the guy like 10 bucks so this year I
have no idea how I'm gonna get them okay
let's go try and find some sauce goes
hi this is a bit of a weird request but
I've looked everywhere for these things
they're like these sauce cups that I'm
trying to get and no store around here
sells them I wonder if you might have
them if I get like to them up yeah
that's exactly did you have like a bad
guy goodbye from you oh my God thank you
so much
thank you have a good one I cannot
believe my luck first try and I got it
although you know it does balance out
that I dropped half of them but whatever
through my part you don't need to know
that I'm sure they're floor was clean
alright I have one more special
ingredient to pick up before I'm able to
start making some jello shots let's go
okay so Bram showed up he's helping to
clean up like a very good party guest
and he's doing dishes I need to eat
there's so much junk in this room and I
need to move it all do we have a ton of
space all right let's get to it
you ready bread he's already doing it so
like I'm the only one who's already
he's looking okay but I'm realizing I'm
not gonna have enough time to make the
jello shots I wants to start right now
so let's get do it sure we came here to
help clean hey Joey what's up okay check
this out we have a massive thing of red
jello with vodka on it and green jello
with virginity
look who showed up all the way from
London Ontario it's been too long
glad you're here well let's point out
the jello shots the guys clean the whole
place up so I really let them do all the
work but look at how nice it is oh hell
yeah
Leigh tale party started seven o'clock
though there's too many people here too
early look at all those jello shots
gonna do jello shot me let's do it right
now so Lucas and I over here tan up
haven't been talking for the longest
time about me getting my ears pierced on
camera I just had to be like a cool idea
he's pierced ears before so he's like
the one person I trust also I'm trying
to like low-key push him into making a
YouTube channel it's not that so comment
below
Lucas make a channel so I ordered a
piercing kit I have all these hollow
needles
I have studs alcohol strips and this how
drunk are you
Oh like very well you're poking holes in
me don't be like wasn't that part of my
ear nothing for abusive no nipples we're
all saying nipples get ready
this is a nice crib wow this is sound
your head good my dad I'm worried now I
almost hurt one time I've ever been
friends the most real time that's it oh
I've put all thoughts all doubts at rest
if that was so manly I hurt my throat
yeah just leave it hanging limply from
my ears yeah bring it on a grid looking
at doors coming down three three two one
two got squeezed but would you do it
holy shit really yeah yeah get ready
with action nothing really bad ideas no
there's my hand you break my hand doing
those oh my god so flooding why oh my
god don't say that beautiful one down
who are doing Taylor
yeah both the plots the back abused by
second piercing premature look give this
video a thumbs up just for good luck
oh because I'm in pain
I'm so proud of ya hello got it is it
bleeding nothing buddy
it's the let's play bad it's much fun
you're right coming you got this that's
not feel good it's going on Lucas I
think you're professional
I never said yeah but I just what's up
you want to talk to me about this this
is stressful for me
I think anyone's hands
first of all everybody here drinking
your hand my they say never got a toast
at these parties but this is my fourth
or fifth year every day every year have
been 19 we've done a Christmas party the
next day oh my god
well good morning last night I haven't
even looked at the footage yet I'm
scared too took me a while to gather the
facts of what happened because I sort of
blanked it's it's the Christmas part is
the one time of year where that's
acceptable but well that's what we're
working with the place I mean somebody
slept in the bed I guess and kitchen all
that cleanup for this
here's what I know about what happened
is at some point people were wondering
where'd Andrew go and I just snuck
upstairs to go to sleep I also know that
I've said on the event to show up at
6:00 p.m.
and usually I just kind of took time and
expect people show up I like you know 9
10 whatever people showed up at 6:00
p.m. like everything that you saw from
last night that started early and I
found out that my time was asleep it was
very close to midnight that is the most
old person thing oh it smells like you
can use the most old person thing
somebody could do so yeah I went
straight to bed slept pretty happily
apparently party when I'm playing
another hour so but it was done pretty
early um
and apparently I didn't do anything
stupid which is good always a plus two
people threw up not here like everyone
is very responsible but I guess I got my
ears pierced stuff
okay here's the thing with that is I'd
been talking to Lucas about doing that
for like a while and he was supposed to
come way before the party started but he
showed up like eight which is a pretty
reasonable time to be early to a party
and the party was in full effect so we
just kind of did it and then we filmed
something that he might turn into a
video I don't know we'll see then I was
probably one of the last things I
remember so just being fully honest it
was it was a really good time and now
I'm excited to look through the footage
so know that you enjoyed this video see
y'all later
stolen and more of those
