hi I haven't made a video you know where
I'm on
here's the thing though there's
something that I've learned about myself
recently and this is mostly the reason
why I realized that I'm a planner
there's something that I want to do I
can't rush headfirst into it I need to
know what I'm gonna do and to just go
and try and do it without a plan I
always always will screw it up more than
anything this is the case with my
youtube videos because I understood and
I'd planed out so many advice videos
when that's what I was doing that it
came so easily to me vlogging it's more
of a challenge and it's good I like it I
have so much more fun if someone were
creatively but ha I need to just post
anyways there is a good side to being a
planner and that's very relevant to me
right now because the thing that makes
me happier than anything else is to plan
something like an activity or an event
that I can bring as many of my friends
into as possible and have everybody have
a blast if I know that I am the reason
or something that I created is the
reason other people are having fun
that's like the best feeling on earth to
me and good news for me also stressful
news but good news is that there are two
such events that I'm planning right now
that are gonna happen in the next few
days so I'm keeping busy the first of
these events is an annual Christmas
party that I've thrown every year since
the day I turned 19 hold on I have proof
go to Facebook hold on we're past events
okay here we go
so here's Facebook and here are all of
the private events that I throw started
off with have a very quote Christmas
worked up to an incredibly kuo Christmas
oh my god do I have to ridiculously I'm
stealing last year's event name okay I
need to change that hold on there we go
much better Christmas has always had a
very special place in my heart
mainly because I never celebrated
growing I never did anything religious
the holidays growing up we're very
lonely time for me and well you know
everyone around me is getting into the
Christmas spirit set me so dad turned 19
started throwing these annual parties
inviting all my friends it's just become
something I'm really
passionate about and every year I make
jello shots and I set up lights except
for this year this year I got a little
more okay so my roommate one his parents
dropped off a bunch of junk that I guess
they're moving and so they don't need it
and they give us all of this stuff
including some Christmas stuff it was
almost as if it was a Christmas gift to
me for one to just give me this stuff
because before this year we had these
little blue lights that we would set up
for Christmas and that was really it but
first of all okay we got a fake tree
even done this so like that's amazing
decorated the hell out I got a little
Santa hat up there and we've got lights
strung up just nothing makes me happier
then getting hella festive this time of
year outside is frightful but the fire
one hour later
semion crushes fish at the gym and now
we're gonna go to Chris's place and we
haven't done that okay
one of the goals that I'm setting for
2017 is to start doing a lot more stuff
with music all this year I've been doing
vocal lessons and I've done a few
performances with my tutor press play
and just I think I want to start taking
it more seriously I want to build up the
confidence Chris over here him and I
recorded a ton of stuff over the past
couple years you can be like a little in
it you want I think it's a weirder that
you're like cool boys's all right that
works Kristen we have record stuff for
years it started out pretty bad to be
honest we started off with yeah you got
to start somewhere right a try-hard
covered but I mean you definitely got a
hell of a ton better and I think seeing
wise I've gotten better and improving
them so I've set a little goal for
myself to just write 10 songs as quickly
as I can and I wrote a little bit of one
the other day and so I hit Chris up and
today we're just gonna try and lay down
and see if we knew anything with
afterward on these Cheers
locked eyes with Luke Ross screw her
who's brown eyes they glow that's right
I'm in my boxers so what this is my
house I can do what I want earlier I
said that there were two events that I'm
very excited about planning one being
the Christmas party didn't really talk
about the other one the other one is New
Year's I am such a sucker for
resolutions I'm the biggest resolution
er I'm all about that new year new me
life for me it's just hitting the reset
button and erasing all of the bad things
like moving past it and building upon
all of the good things that happen this
year and what better way I do that then
with the crazy weekend or a crazy night
or something like that
- last year my friend Bram and I we
planned a trip to Montreal us and like
ten other dudes there was there some
drinking involved we got to go
bar-hopping create just some really
funny and crazy memories and listen to
beautiful French accents I mean what
more could you really ask for this year
I've travelled a whole ton so going to
another city isn't like a crazy huge
deal for me I thought we could keep it
simple keep it in Toronto so check this
out
so the plan is for all of us to get an
Airbnb know what that is basically like
where you rent someone's house or condo
or whatever three to get some beautiful
condo Airbnb and basically have fun
there dress up you know have some
champagne or something and then go to a
bar check out our Airbnb check this out
ooh baby oh hello
okay well skyline hello ooh that's a
nice kitchen has a nice kitchen and then
after that we're gonna be going to a bar
that to me holds a special place in my
heart in Toronto
we're gonna go into this bar called the
Maddy I've been a big fan of the bar for
years we've gone many times I thought
hey you know what what's the point of
making YouTube videos if I'm not trying
to give myself free stuff so I actually
sent them an email and and they
responded and so they're gonna be
hooking us up with some free tickets
which is freaking amazing for me being
able to use any like social media to
give my friends a good time that's like
the best thing on earth
Coors Light has invited me to a
home music festival and the course like
games and those are like two of the best
experiences of the whole freaking year I
think more than anything because it's
not just me but it's me and my friends
and like I'm just I wouldn't be Who I am
without them so it's great to to give
back anyways this is getting cheesy some
more well the story is I'm back I'm
making videos consistently well we'll
see I have plans for future videos
already and yeah hopefully I'll see you
guys later on this week based outside is
frightful but the fire is so delightful
since we don't place you go let it snow
let it snow like nothing your sign and
stopping
