morning if you're thinking yourself Wow
hey drew you look awful
well I feel awful I was at a concert
last night Rae sremmurd
and I was out late and I'm up at 7 a.m.
right now Chioda we day it was the king
of making new decisions
this guy I'm gonna help lash today I
know it I need a coffee maybe a little
water looks good to get we did I found
Joey
hi he found me I never we'd a kind of
we're not really we will be though look
at all these people I know what I care
about the fact that you have a pumpkin
spice latte
why am I do you judge turbo street
Simard you get vanilla frappuccinos like
I know I don't I don't know you get
something like being frivolous Lots I
don't care dude I just don't
anyways we have you burned yourself on
that Cup I hope so too
so I can worship Him
I'm a little depressed
anyways so yeah we just finished we day
and then we're going to some after-party
thing and all the helpers party yeah
over there that's it doesn't take much
with us your flights at 8:00 though so
we can't party too hard this is my party
even harder okay I'm trying to join the
mile-high club and I don't think I can
get there without being on a night side
so we just finished the open bar how do
our good cheer together
okay sorry
Joey's got Smith Pacific we're acting a
lot worse than what we actually are Joey
is ready to get on his plane nice nice
and buzzed I mean okay how was your day
in Toronto it's good good so Brent came
over how's it going and in my last video
I remember we like low-key really
quickly mentioned while drinking about
how we shared a girlfriend yeah and so I
don't know I thought it'd be cool if we
fully explained that because that's
pretty crazy
do you remember what her name was it was
Nicole I remember that it was Nicole I
know that this happened we were really
young we were preschool this was Greece
with a story first met really was yes
- video Elsa said he was my oldest
friend and that was where we met and we
shared a girlfriend so that probably
like locked us in his friends being
Eskimo bruh I mean I swear Rosa that
preschool Eskimo bros yeah here's what I
remember this is super weird okay is
that there was like one of those tunnels
that you crawl in it was wooden well it
was a wouldn't it was a wooden jungle
jungle gym kind of set yeah yeah it was
indoor other then indoor want and an
outdoor one I don't remember being
wooden but I remember there's like that
crawl space type thing yeah and we would
take turns going in with her and kissing
and then get out and swap out she played
us really there because it was a great
time too much I mean she just had both
of us we were both her side hos to each
other yeah
we knew I mean yeah yeah we saw you come
out as I hate you don't kissing my
girlfriend yet take a turn you know yeah
I guess all yours now um so we knew
wouldn't call it a side piece yeah thing
although I think she said I was a better
kisser but there's no way she said that
that might be my phrase a bit foggy
definitely very foggy because it was
probably me when I was before it was her
the teacher that says whatever happened
to Cole I don't know I think she's still
out there thinking about us do you think
she's like still juggling guys I like to
imagine somewhere she is she's out there
by like two a majesty cuz of us that
she's been able to get good at it so we
were her first
that's importance you always remember
your first have you ever had anything
like that since god nothing PG okay I
hope you're not still crawling into
crawl spaces with a girl than letting
like a friend to go and do the same
thing with the same person yeah I can't
go that close to schools anymore anyway
so why is that Brown let's back out of
this joke before it gets weird okay so
I'm with Curtis ah right up my mom's
place and we're about to film a
different video actually we're about to
do something I've never done before my
channel it's like a DIY type thing but
that's actually gonna be my next video
stay tuned fan yes so good looking for
that and I'll see you guys after
so me and Curtis finished our DIY thing
that's gonna come out as my next video
my camera died halfway through and I had
to finish the video on my phone which
kind of sucks but this is not the in the
world
Curtis left and I came back home to
charge my camera and to get ready to go
out and now I'm gonna go out there's a
party going on cuz there's something
happened in Toronto this weekend so as
people are in town
I'm just decided to see some friends
let's go party the province that I live
in Canada is Ontario if you guys didn't
know that
and they have these awesome liquor laws
where you can only get stuff at one
place called LCBO but you can get wine
at the wine rack and it's open later and
I waited way too long to go so looks
like I'm drinking wine tonight I just
got home I'm feel pretty good right now
before I go to sleep I'm uh you know
some leftover pizza we're talking about
pizza toppings Brazilian because this
it's got chicken its sriracha chicken
jalapeno and spinach if that's not the
best thing a pizza then you're wrong ah
so uh I'm just about to go to bed but
yeah I hope that you guys enjoyed this
video a big thank you to tell us for
inviting me to eat at this my second
year going and this is always such a fun
time such nice people over there give
this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and also whatever you do don't forget to
check back on Friday because that is
when the video that I do with Curtis is
gonna go up and it's nothing like
anything we've done before it's like
this big DIY project and it turned out
really well so make sure you go check
that out and I cast for the laughing and
said I'm just gonna go to sleep so I'll
see you on Friday
peace
