hi um been a while quick recap of where
I've been I just came back from playlist
live it was a lot of fun but afterwards
I went to visit my friend Tom who's been
in a million videos of mine in Philly so
we took a train today
so yeah nothing really happened all dead
we've been very very lazy it's night now
and we're gonna go to the gym
say hi Tom okay so it's funny because I
visited tom two or three times probably
three times now in Philly and he's
visited me in Toronto and every time
we've ever hung out we've always talked
about going to the gym together and for
one reason or another it's just never
happened so this is kind of an iconic
day because we're actually going work
out chess just because like I was
thinking like biceps and chest and like
a band arms just like all things good
exactly that's all that matters
you gonna believe this turns out it's
Labor Day we don't pay attention to
holidays and I said something was gonna
happen and look this Jim it's just so
empty it's closed
I mean it's playing Fitness I would be
surprised if it's just empty but no it's
actually it's actually just closed by
the way yo I got some good news
you know pizza night is moving the
following Monday so we get our free
pizza next Monday don't worry we're
still good pizza night is moved to the
following Monday and it does why do you
go to Planet Fitness because free pizza
oh and also free bagels on Tuesday so
it's day two of being Philly basically
my last day in Philly and we have a ton
of stuff that we need to do so let's go
see if Tom's awake hey I'll be up at
11:00 he said probably earlier he said
what time is it Tom oh it's aagama it's
tough not at all the morning but we're
going to get breakfast and waiting for
us one thing that I haven't like
acknowledged yet is the fact that Tom
and I both been trying I guess sort of
like
for me it's definitely vlogging Tom's
kind of like moving around
you do the same thing but we're both
experimenting with different styles of
content and we it's because we've been
talking a lot over Skype and really just
trying to figure out something new and
fun that we could do on YouTube so it's
been cool we've been kind of each
other's motivation and also the person
to say that's a dumb idea that's you
can't do that
to each other because we also have a lot
to do we push a lot a lot of those my
mixtape to stop and it's setting off the
fire alarm so we're being kicked out
because uh you know I just dropped two
too sick of a beat
we finished our meals but like to sit
there for good like we were trying to
sit outside and just pay for them so we
can go we're ready to go and we just sit
in the Sun for a while like you guys
can't be inside I was like thinking just
cooking like all we want to do is give
you money that's it
please let us do that literally doing
the one thing you want us to do anyway
so we waited until they let us just hand
the money we could have easily just like
we absolutely could have left I think
other people did that's I would also be
like a very filly like part of the
culture you know just yeah my dick just
really experienced him and we'll immerse
yourself in the culture exactly so um I
went to Twitter and that's what people
wanted to see us talk about in a video
and one person said what is the major
difference between a girl you want to
hook up with versus a girl you like in a
romantic way for just a hookup this have
to be attractive yeah yeah yeah no I
mean you can look at someone like
instantly at least as a guy you can look
at a girl and know immediately whether
or not you'll would ya know what I mean
yeah for me yeah this is how it is right
if I want them to be my girlfriend they
have to turn me on physically and also I
would still have to be friends with them
even if they didn't turn me on
physically for me I think one of the
biggest things is like good
communication I'm a very social person
and I'll really be open about anything
and if they're very closed off and
there's a lot of things that they don't
want to talk about that just doesn't
vibe with me very well and so to me like
somebody can communicate it's like such
a turn-on it's actually like a physical
turn on it
express how you feel very clearly to man
if I don't know what you're thinking I
don't want to be friends with you and I
definitely don't want to like date you
or do anything else
yeah communication mm-hmm probably the
most important thing just because how
you communicate and talk someone is the
foundation for literally everything else
that's like the most important I would
say and then above that like one layer
up is like they have to have some sort
of ambition or goal or Drive like they
can't just be like working at some
dead-end job and be like comfortable
with that at least not for me because
that's not who I am you son of a bitch
son of a bitch we had such a long talk
about this earlier and I literally said
that like one of the things I value more
than anything is exactly what he just
said somebody who like but I agree with
you a hundred percent and you just took
it
like me and you looked me square the
idea there it was me but here's what I'm
gonna say I love dating somebody who
like is passionate but something that
they do like they could it could be
something not at all related they can be
like super and just science I don't know
a goddamn thing about the time that I
should might not work because I'll just
be so dumb by comparison as long as they
care about what they're doing and are
always working towards it I respect that
so much and that's like almost where I
draw the line between a friend and
somebody I'd want to like gate is
because I have friends who I think don't
have ambition but if I wanted to date
somebody and like be in a relationship
with them I'd want them to have that and
that way I can feel like proud of their
accomplishments you know I don't wanna
be the only person who accomplishes
anything I want it to be like my
girlfriend just did this how great is
that I want to run around and tell
everybody because that's just a person I
am I think they just got to have like
their emotional investment in their
project has to be equal to ours like I
don't care they can do something
different but they have to love that as
much as I love doing YouTube that on top
of like good communication yeah that's
probably the big - mm-hmm by the way we
filmed this all in Tom's school and we
just totally trashed this room but that
seems like not our problem so let's uh
go let's get out of here sorry janitor
like I was thinking about if
more likely like in a thousand I get a
hundred years yeah
what's more likely girls to like band
together and be like no more makeup or
for them to somehow persuade guys to be
like yo if you wear this eyeliner dude
you're gonna look way hotter I just like
guys start wearing makeup like what's
more likely I don't think would ever go
towards people putting in less effort to
care about how they look so I think if
anything it'd be like it's always gonna
always going to be competition yeah
exactly
if anything like maybe one day it's
gonna be mainstream and like we're gonna
feel like right now I don't feel like I
wanna wear makeup but it's gonna be like
so cool and like everyone does it that
we feel pressured to it's like wear
makeup yeah and like maybe I'll get to a
point where it's like guys wear lipstick
and eyeliner but like that's the cool
thing to do and we wear dresses just
dudes being chicks just bros being ho
yes like the thing is like women are so
much more sexualized right it's like if
a woman's naked on a camera yeah it's
like sexy if a dude's naked in a movie
it's like usually a comedy yeah it's a
comedy I mean I don't think that's right
but at the same time I wouldn't feel
good watching them close up of like a
sex scene and have it be like dudes
chest hair it's like why did you be like
oh look this is not what I came here for
we're just kind of like the grosser
gender is when it comes down here we are
with a sweaty er yeah hairier grosser
just disgusting
well Tom well well with the airport yeah
there's like 20 thousand cars this
there's a couple cars behind there
waiting there's a couple people waiting
yeah so I'm about to go back to Toronto
so uh I'll see you whenever I'll see you
guys in like probably like a week uh no
but if you guys enjoyed this video let
me know cuz this is only the second one
ever done like it so yeah leave a
comment also give it a thumbs up and we
did a video over on Tom's channel yeah
and he's trying to do some vlog like
stuff as well so go check that out
it'll be in the script anyways
go home next week
you
