what's up everybody I'm joined today by
very good friend who's not put my shit
on so long this is so overdue just Tom
what's up how you doing
that sounds like super anticlimactic a
it does it's just I know you guys don't
know Tom we keep one of my first youtube
friends we go back like oh wait so today
we're gonna be playing dirty never have
I ever
so basically we found some questions
online they're just never ever ever
questions kind of dirty ones and if you
have done something that I say you got a
drink we're drinking whiskey on the
rocks because we are a classy gentleman
try to start pouring this man yeah just
just do it all right course that's gonna
be mine and there we got you ready let's
have like a just a cheers for the to
start singing get alcohol no struggle no
stronger than I expected not okay with
that I'm okay with it it's cool never
have I ever called someone the wrong
name well hooking up yeah have you done
that have you done that never have I
ever hooked up with somebody I wasn't
attracted to because I wanted to get
some that badly I think everyone has
just two ways the thing with this guy or
what those mad enough I'm not a blood to
flow both of it I like that one never
have I ever received a noise complaint
immediately after sex
have you received a noise complaint not
when I was there it was like other noise
compliance if it's like after you list
it was after I it was like that it was I
gonna dorm you're not moved out okay
with roommates and we got thin walls oh
yeah demand I'm like they're they're
respectful times that I've never gone in
nice complain yeah but they have heard
everything that's awesome that's good is
it awesome would you want to live with
that I wouldn't want to live with that
but I would want to like create that you
only come downstairs and be like yeah
you know what I just did never I've ever
done it in a place where people could
see I just have a car oh that's a bed on
wheels
do you like block the windows
no it's the theme ever have I ever
performed a striptease for someone oh
yeah I have really yeah not only kids a
serious one but is like a funny one yeah
you've ever done it as like a joke yeah
oh yeah yeah no I'd like literally drink
up drink up stripper never have I ever
had to ask someone whether or not we
hooked up because I wasn't sure
I've never know I've never done that
either and I'll still drink for fun I
pluck that is Cheers
good boom would you if you could sleep
with your friends parent if I had
somebody who I wasn't super good friends
with okay everything really hot parent
then yes it was terrible as it is all of
my really good friends don't have the
hottest parents maybe in their prime
they were looking real good never have I
ever had a pregnancy scare oh my god yes
dude okay hold on I just want to say
first of all that I'm like super safe no
me too me too and yet the scares still
happened I believe you have to have at
least two forms of projection if you're
using a condom and pulling out that's I
feel like act like I give it I give that
a thumbs up yeah at some people think
that's weird but no no I I wonder %
agree but or after like on a man on the
pill yeah yeah that's probably yeah I
had I had one really good friend though
yeah and literally meet me and it was
like the whole summer it was like was a
great summer
but at the end of it she ends up going
off to college right yeah and so some
girls when they go off to college like
their period comes all arete your
regular and shakers around like new it
happened just after so - literally yeah
literally it was a month and a half
later and she still hadn't gotten her
period also like stress can cause that
so I've had it with like girlfriends yes
oh well yeah that's the thing I think it
was like that then she got stressed
about it in the day just yeah exactly
terrifying that was horrifying never
have I ever participated in role-playing
I've never done that have you have you
alright yeah drink that what was it be
honest was it like some like a naughty
schoolgirl type shit you're the
principal there's been a few things
never have I ever hooked up Oh
side would you count if it was an intent
technically that's inside what about on
the balcony that's outside that's
outside you're welcome by the way
I'm with Tom never have I ever and this
this applies to with somebody or by
yourself and walked in on by a parent no
don't oh no put don't do it don't do it
very serious were you with someone or is
it was it some solo action next question
oh yeah never ever sex did like either
texted snapchatted like a picture of
your dick not necessarily
I only ever sent a dick pic once it's
because it was with my girlfriend at the
time I think that's a low-key fetish for
some dude stuff because every female
friend I have has gotten yeah yeah it's
like it's like work like it's five I
don't know who these dudes are I don't
know either cuz I know you got more you
know what I need to send my dick
everywhere are remember youtubers that I
know who have done that though I'm gonna
cut this out he's gone in and out there
on the internet with a long literally a
bunch of people like once or mobile time
apparently multiple times
mmm he's one of those dudes apparently
never have I ever been cheated oh you've
never been cheated oh okay okay so you
said the question yeah yeah yeah
never have I ever hooked up with someone
in a room with other people in it I'm
damn sure you have that bucket yeh sip
that shit yeah you chug that like I have
oh I have there it is there it is
never have I ever measured my penis
right you gotta know just to be sure
you just gotta know you I know what your
competition is never have I ever googled
the average size of a penis after
measuring my penis right am i right yeah
everyone's done that every wasn't it if
ever I like a doctor been choked during
I've never been choked but you know
there dude oh come on man yeah anyways
guys we're about to film another video
over on tom's channel so if you enjoyed
this video make sure you give it a
thumbs up but also check out what we
filmed over on Tom's channel what are we
gonna do over there we're gonna do a
would you rather video so it's basically
the same thing
dirty would you rap it's gonna be dirty
yet basically give this video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it leave a comment
telling us any of these never have I
ever x' that you have done if you if you
feel comfortable admitting it and if not
then just leave a comment saying that
you enjoyed Tom being on my channel and
that you want me back and then you want
Tom n if you want me to do another video
on Andrews chatter yeah make sure that
you subscribe to Tom it is your first
time watching me make sure you subscribe
to me though that being said I'll see
you guys next week
did you say energies cook oh wait okay
good
