what's up everybody I'm here drew quell
and today I'm driving my good friend
Taylor Baxter we're currently here in
Pittsburgh part of press play which is
this tour that goes all around North
America it's sick there's a link down
there you should check out to get
tickets if that's what you want to do
the reason were making a video today is
because Taylor was just in Toronto with
me I was and he was just non-stop
talking trash and all they ever know
this handbag is so much better and I
think of today's we would find out for
real which country's better all right
let's uh let's prove some stereotypes
wrong so we'd be doing some challenges
based on stereotypes of each country and
whoever wins all of them is truly the
better country person of a country
country man yes let's go so a lot of
people think that Canadians are really
good at handling the cold and this text
in here I don't think is a good paper so
we're gonna see who can last longer in a
cold shower oh my god do it you know oh
my yeah that's cool I'm not doing that
yeah I'm out I'm out of here
how many eighty this one I was born to
do I can handle this I live in this
three two
ah so good Ranieri
alright thanks we're gonna do is based
off of the American stereotype that all
Americans eat a lot of junk which is
true
uh-huh so we're gonna see who can be
first down to Twinkie and you win if
like you completely swallowed everything
and open your mouth show it all right so
at 3 2 1 cheers oh go alright go
goddamn you yummy Wow an American wind
surprise I bet more hmm oh my gosh the
next challenge is gonna be based off of
the Canadian stereotype that we're all
really nice and so Joey is in this room
right over here and we're gonna
basically go in and see you can be nicer
to him got this so not gonna be easy but
we'll find one let's do it
hey Joey you look do what do you want
you look really good you look like you
got some sleep last night you did the
bags under your eyes aren't that big
how's that for calm I think so you're
American think so I like that room not
much I Taylor just like roasted me so
I'm like kind of down being deserve that
I'm sorry than Happiny are you so close
listen Jim that means move closer
I appreciate you as a friend not only I
said enough I don't think I've ever said
that but you know I have friends but I
can't I can't talk to them too I talk to
you like you're just very open and you
always tend to listen and I appreciate
that you're there for me when I'm down
make me feel better about myself and I
love you for the man thank you but um
you're still a bitch though this one's
kind of both Canadian and American
Americans are known for their beer
drinking I guess but Canadians are known
for having stronger beer and just being
better in all ways so we're gonna chug a
beer you ready
now I am you good bro full oh my three
two no I'm not ready at all one go
was like oh my gosh up she wasn't even
coming that's a go yeah we good I can I
jump the rest of my now I do hit a
little bit yeah like a lot here bro I
don't know that's just how Canadians do
so the last challenge that we're gonna
do is a lightning round where we both
ask each other three questions about our
country that should be pretty obvious
and whoever gets the most right wins
Andrew quo uh where did Japan bomb us
bringing us into World War two progress
okay it's also movie but sure for you
bro yeah America loves me that's
actually Japan Andrew quo which one of
our presidents was assassinated in a
theater Lincoln yeah Andrew quo when was
the Declaration of Independence signed
1638 said random numbers definitely not
in July 4 1776 the 4th of July I
supposed to know 1776 yeah that's like a
big thing the Bicentennial happened in
like 30 40 years ago what Deborah Haley
Baxter who is the current prime minister
of Canada I've heard you guys say it I
think it's something like Rob Rob hims
yeah Tim Horton
it's a Justin Trudeau Taylor Baxter what
is our national animal
Bieber oh yeah hey look Taylor knows
something hey what Taylor Baxter which
Canadian is the most sexy there's only
one right answer
Joey kidney nope oh gee guess again
Justin Bieber Avril Lavigne lead singer
of Nickelback I I don't know the talking
really think of is me ah thank you I
would have never guess that was like oh
wow I thanks man I guess that was a
trick question
anyways that was the video thank you so
much for watching I'll leave a comment
below telling us who you think won
will she did a video over on Taylor's
channel where we we competed basically
Canada versus America who was truly
smarter who knew more that sounds so
amazing I'm gonna go over there and
subscribe to you and watch it link with
your other videos oh they're all so good
not subscribe no I'm not oh so go check
out the video we did on Taylor's channel
and subscribe to him and leave a comment
saying that I sent you and if you're new
to my channel yeah if you're coming over
here from my videos definitely
definitely a slide in that subscription
box and I guess with all that being said
we'll see you guys next what are you
doing see you guys next week
