everybody uh it's me Andrew and today
I'm rejoined with a good friend of mine
so I say my name uh no his name is Joey
we did a video a couple weeks ago and we
said if we got to four thousand thumbs
up then we do another one and we crushed
that so uh might we go yeah but here's
the thing is Teddy we're facing a much
bigger problem and what's our problem
Andrew my problem is more of like an
internal conflict you know like when do
you like someone you know here's a bunch
of different ways to tell if you like
also if you guys want us to do another
collab that'd be so many let's try to
get to five thousand thumbs up you know
we can get there like it's gonna have
it's already crushed I already bet it's
already done hi in choice video huh
who's that thank you
excuse me all right can you hold this
for a second sure thanks and try not to
spill it
those doing some deep lunges earlier and
I just get so thirsty can I do my you
funchal to you plunges me deep lunges
crunches pancakes are definitely better
than waffles don't wait no it's just me
for my abs wickedly particularly tight
right now to the Joey today hmm what the
heck was that that's a really nice watch
yeah thanks eNOS knew so I just closed
the curtains real quick oh sure sounds
bothered me yeah don't I like it
motley singing everything pretty - yeah
okay oh hey I think I like you
I think at least a part of you likes me
uh so anyways I hope that you enjoyed
that video um we're not gonna look at
each other for a little while but um you
know if you did make sure you give it a
good mmm make sure you give the video a
big thumbs up and let's crush that goal
of 5,000 likes yeah uh also leave a
comment letting me know how you know
when you like someone we also have them
do a video on my channel so after if you
want to go watch that we did you
things that girls do you should watch
that you should subscribe to Joey if you
haven't already I don't know why you
wouldn't have already and if you're new
to my channel you should subscribe to me
subscribe to our you coming from me
give a like first of all comment down
and then subscribe it's that easy it's
just three things and then I guess my
heart dogs will happen we'll see us next
week bye
