everyone I'm Andrew quo and I have a
problem every morning when I wake up the
first thing I do is go downstairs grab a
bag of beans grab my coffee grinder put
some in and twist until ground next I
boil some water put the coffee in a
filter but the filter in whatever that
thing is and put that on my cup and get
pouring when my cups full I take a sip
and only then do I realize what I've
done I'm not joking about this either I
mean I wake up and I just go on
autopilot because my body is just so
used to making coffee in the morning a
lot of the time I don't even need coffee
it's just like a thing that I do and
thinking about this kind of got me
wondering what other bad habits do I
have how much of my life do I spend in
autopilot am I ever really in control so
I started thinking and thinking and got
me writing and well writing writing
makes me hungry so then I got food but
after that I had successfully compiled a
list of a bunch of things that I
realized I do without thinking well
again anyways now I've learned that my
life is actually really problematic even
before that cup of coffee I'm on
autopilot I mean take a look at the
alarms I set for every morning it's
literally one every five minutes what's
worse is that I know waking up was hard
to do so I made the conscious effort to
move my phone from being next to me when
I sleep to over by my desk so I had to
physically get up and go to turn it off
but that does not help no not at all
actually I just end up sprinting over to
my desk turning it off sprinting back to
bed at least you can tell that I have a
deep burning passion for sleep I feel
like someone needs to make an alarm that
won't turn off until I've run like a
kilometer and even then I mean it might
get me up and honestly just in general
when it comes to snack food I have a bit
of a problem
my roommates dad gives us these massive
bags of cookies so I'm just always
snacking on them usually I just go
downstairs look around for something to
eat see cookies as being the only thing
that don't want to make any effort to
prepare and just go to town on them
honestly it gets a little weird
and just in general I mean I'm a
youtuber I make my own schedule and if I
don't keep myself on track that my life
just becomes a mess but if I make the
mistake of sitting on the couch and
turning
on a show I could die there I just
immediately forget about any plans that
I might have had and just watch there
could be like a medical emergency going
on next to me and I probably wouldn't
notice loved this show and even when it
comes to shaving I find a way to make
bad decisions without realizing it I'm
always restrung which is basically just
shaving the same spot over and over
again just in case I might have missed
like a hair or two and I just end up
giving myself razor burn but at least
that's one problem that I actually
figured out how to solve I got myself a
Chilean proshield razor which has these
two strips on it that literally
lubricate your face before and after
every stroke so now I don't get razor
burn so I mean at least now there's one
thing that I can do an autopilot and
don't really have to worry about and I
think that's just a good lesson and how
to deal with bad habits in general I
don't believe it's possible to just
completely cut out every bad habit from
your life what you can do is make them
less bad make them manageable I'm gonna
allow myself to binge TV shows but only
on weekends or after I've done all the
work that I need to do and once I've
eaten all of the cookies in my apartment
I'm gonna tell my roommate not to get
any more cuz I mean I'm the only person
eating them anyway and you know I'd say
that I'm gonna start waking up on time
but uh realistically that's probably the
one thing that's not gonna change I mean
I would but I won't anyways that was the
video I hope that you enjoyed it and if
you did let me know by giving it a big
thumbs up also do you ever do stuff on
autopilot that's definitely something
that I want to hear about in the
comments it might help me feel a little
less insecure about my own bad habits oh
and have you subscribed to me yet
because I make new videos every Thursday
so you probably don't want to miss that
all you got to do is hit that subscribe
button right there
it's cool I'll wait also a big THANK YOU
to Gillette for sponsoring this video
I've actually been using
their products for years so it's really
dope to be able to work with them and
also just have an excuse to get a new
razor I went ahead and left a link in
the description so if you're curious and
want to check out their website and
maybe get some of their products I
highly recommend you do so and I guess
with all that being said I'll see you
guys next week
peace
