so not too long ago I made a video about
the insecurities that girls have so I
think making this video is really only
fair and truth is I feel like guys
insecurities are really often overlooked
in society which I think it's a shame
because we have just as many physical
mental and emotional insecurities as
girls do but we tend to repress them
more because it's not exactly manly to
discuss it so as a means of trying to
help end that stigma here are 10 things
that guys are insecure about my hope is
that you can take away something from
this video and realize that no matter
who he is to some varying degree he
probably struggles with most of these
things so number one people not liking
us as great as it would be to be able to
say that we don't care about this and as
often as guys probably do say they don't
care about this we do it's easy to say
that you can't please everyone but it
doesn't make being disliked any easier
and don't get me wrong there truly are
some people whose opinions I don't care
about like I'm not saying we all need
every single person to like us but there
are definitely people who do not love me
that I wish liked me a little more and
with these people it's easy to let their
opinions of us affect how we feel about
ourselves which I know we shouldn't do
but it happens number two being too
skinny or overweight this is something
that even when changed doesn't really go
away for me I've always been a skinny
guy when I was in high school at six
feet I weighed 120 pounds so that was
very skinny I've worked out a lot since
then and now I'm around 170 but I still
feel insecure about my body like my
calves are still really scrawny it's one
of those harder things to change like
not to say it's not possible but it
takes an insane amount of work to make
those you know bigger and if I don't
follow any sort of routine with my diet
I have this anxiety that I'll start
losing weight or get like kind of like a
weird like skinny fat thing where I'm
skinny but I have a gut and I don't know
I've literally had nightmares about this
and to an extent I think all guys
experience something like this because
it's only partially self-inflicted the
rest of it is what society expects us to
look like like where girls have this
expectation to be skinny like that's
what all models look like guys have the
expectation to be muscular and don't get
me wrong
I enjoy working out there are lots of
guys who don't I do but there's no point
at which you're satisfied with the
results and you're like that's it I'm
done like you just it's the kind of
thing where you always want more you're
never happy and yeah like I said there
are tons of guys who don't have time or
don't want to spend so much time
focusing on their appearance and that is
such a great thing but for a lot of
those guys there's still a part of them
that puts themself down for not doing
that and you know they tell themself
that they'll never have a body that
society deems attractive and that sucks
anyway clearly I'm very involved in this
one but I just think that there are
standards that need to be changed here
but let's move on number three is being
broke another manly quality to have is
to be financially secure to be able to
be a provider but it is 2018 and life is
rough not all guys are making crazy
amounts of money most of my friends
still live at home and are paying off
debt and a lot of the time the job that
pays the best is not the job that we
want to do and so we have to choose and
I've seen both the lows and the highs
here I've gone through you know months
where I was making pretty good money I
didn't have to worry I could pay for my
friends meals and stuff like that and
then on the other end of that I've gone
through months where I don't know how
many make rent that month and that's
something that I'm embarrassed by and
especially as I get older I'm 24 right
now I turned 25 in May I feel the need
to have everything together and most of
the girls that I'm friends with are
struggling just as much I don't think
this should be something that society
expects guys to be able to control
before on this list is our height I've
literally seen memes on the internet
that if a guy is under six feet the girl
will not even look at him and I think
that that is so messed up
for girls it's totally socially
acceptable to be short or tall but short
guys are never taken seriously but it's
also more than that I mean to an extent
we do this to ourselves I have one group
of friends I'm 6 1 by the way and I have
one group of friends where I'm the
shortest person there and whenever I'm
together I feel bad I feel like I should
be taller that is messed up number 5
being able to please a girl and just so
we're clear that it's not just meant as
sexually hello but like even just being
able to make her happy and have her like
us like when we're in a relationship if
there are any insecurities this is
probably one of the biggest ones cuz I
don't know if you've noticed but a lot
of guys aren't great at expressing
themselves and this is something that
they're insecure of they usually bottle
it up instead of talking about it and
when you're dating someone you have this
expectation to make them happy like how
do you even do that it's the kind of
thing where just by thinking about it
you're already stressing out about it
and we do this a lot number six our
personalities the dudes that people like
in TV shows and movies are charming and
witty and all of these things I'm not
like that like I'm very sarcastic very
blunt I struggle a lot to compliment
people not that I don't think nice
things about people but like saying nice
things to people I find kind of
difficult I am NOT the guy from the
notebook or any other made up perfect
dude I can be very awkward I talk too
much when I'm nervous and I'm very self
aware of that I have a few friends who
are really really really charming and I
can't help but compare myself to them
and just kind of put myself down because
I'm not like that I know the fact I am
NOT alone in this 7 is being single
forever when all your friends are in
relationships it's pretty easy to be
worried about this
dating can really suck if you're meeting
the wrong people and I know I've gone
through phases where I was happier not
even trying just because I have had
enough bad experiences trying to date
the other thing is that a lot of guys
myself included are children of divorce
which definitely changes your
outlook on love like I'm not sure if I'm
ever gonna be married for the rest of my
life and that's a scary thought I mean
everyone would like that and for that
matter at this rate I'm not sure I'm
gonna find somebody who wants to marry
me so but but that's that's a little
more than me probably eight is our hair
another way that girls are not alone in
struggling with beauty standards is with
hair sure some guys opt to just shave
their head and make it easy but a lot of
us do not do that and it is a huge pain
because we had to find someone who we
trust to you know cut it and find a way
to style it to make it look good find
products that can be helpful when a lot
of resources for guys aren't very good
and figuring that stuff out and then you
know the weather can just ruin
everything so that's great and then
there are some days where no matter what
you do it's just not happening like for
me personally what if I know I'm gonna
film a video I'm gonna wash my hair the
day before because my hair gets very dry
and the day of it doesn't look as good
and then wait a day to film that's a
process and sometimes it doesn't even
work and it looks terrible and I just
got to start over again life's rough
number 9 not being able to fix things
another huge expectation on all men is
that we're supposed to be handy but I'm
not a plumber
I don't have a car and in general I
don't know how most things work and
honestly I kind of feel bad because I
feel like less of a man for not knowing
these things like if there's a problem
and someone's car won't start and a
friend of mine takes care of it I just
feel useless it's not my responsibility
to know how to do that it doesn't even
directly benefit me I think public
transit and lastly number 10 just being
a man in general and there is so much
that goes into this like in
relationships girls generally want their
boyfriend to express themselves and be
communicative but we're all so
conditioned by society to believe that
doing those things makes us weak or
vulnerable and somehow less of a man and
it's a paradox there's no right answer
either way you look at it we're stuck
and I obviously can see that and
personally you know think screw that and
try and express myself and whatever way
I want
but it's so deeply ingrained in my brain
and a lot of guys that there's just
nothing you can do about it like for
example it is in
hard for me to cry I was gonna say that
don't remember the last time I cried I
do actually I bawled my eyes out when I
lost my dog but aside from that before
that I have no clue the last my cried it
has been years and this is in my opinion
easily the most worrisome and hard to
overcome insecurity because it's just
it's everywhere but hey hopefully if we
keep talking about it and doing what
we're doing here things can get better
eventually anyways that was it for today
I hope that you enjoyed this video maybe
learn something from it if you did let
me know it by giving it a big ol thumbs
up also tell me in the comments any
insecurities that I might have missed
that you think guys have if there's
enough content maybe I'll do another
video about it let me know down below in
my last video I asked you all what
you've done to get someone to miss you
and so on screen right now on my
favorite comments from that video and
remember if you want to be featured at
the end of next week just leave a
comment down below now I'll be picking
my favorites and hopefully it's you I
want to give a huge Instagram shout-out
to iris for commenting on a recent
Instagram picture I posted it was me
like in New York and the caption was hey
I'm walking here and her caption was
just like the Italian hands emoji which
is beautifully sums up what I always do
when I say that so thank you for getting
me also Instagram sheriff to Audrey who
have met and hung out with millions of
times I love you I miss you you're great
person but most importantly share its to
you because you commented on the same
picture that whenever you're in New York
you just walk around saying the same
thing so you know great minds just think
alike and lastly
Instagram user tiny creature from being
very blunt when I asked people what they
thought I was looking at an Instagram
picture they just said how do we know we
can't see it true I mean hey you're not
wrong so go follow those three and if
you want a little Instagram shout out at
the end of my next video
make sure you're following me on
Instagram I just choose people who leave
comments who like stuff who have my
notifications turned on all of those
things so do that and I'm yours
wait now I'll feature you lastly make
sure you subscribe to meet you never
miss an upload click over here if you
want some more advice that's right it's
more than just this video I have
other ones too so yeah check those out
and mmm I'll see you all next time
face
