hey everyone I made you co-op and today
I'm joined by my good friend Joey kidney
hi I'm yeah yeah we've been friends for
so long if I can say that we haven't
done the video yet so we're gonna do
that today that's what's happened now
just going down this way to go ting ting
ting when you're like going out and then
you see a girl do you ever act different
or like is that just me that is not just
to you I feel like a lot of guys okay
different when girls are looking thank
you so much I thought I was weird
let's talk about it we did ever talk
about how guys act when girls are
looking you ready Jess it is coming Joey
Jess I'm out of here
oh we're on little bat food ever
oh that's nice sometimes well you gotta
well this this chicken it's just
marvelous right you man
oh oh oh can we get some chase anywhere
any mix any mix just like some coke some
orange soda right I'll take anything
really this is just disgusting drink
you're so gross dude I know
yo seems girls young thank you yes
that's so light man you got anything
stronger than that
honestly it's look worse steam cleaner
yo you're a problem no come on take this
outside would you like to share a room
found there's no talking about this
probably not trying to guess right now
you got a problem issue you want to take
this up oh dang she cute dude yeah I've
got a problem yeah oh yeah a little too
much just comes on yeah
welcome to the party whoa that's a video
I hope that you enjoyed that video I
certainly enjoyed that was fun to film
this one ago if you enjoyed this video
you should go ahead and give it a thumbs
up because that would really help us out
mm thumbs up then me Joey happy to
another video yo make it happen right
now this is fun stuff if you're coming
from my channel like this video right
now subscribe to him right now comment
not right now
speaking of Joey uh we also did a video
over on his channel it was called guys
say vs. what they mean well so go check
that out go give it a big thumbs up make
sure you subscribe to Joey make sure you
subscribe to me if you notice jab to me
do it leave a comment letting us know if
any of those things ever happen to you
and how you handle it or just like
anything similar like when you act
differently in front of somebody let us
know that sounds like fun I want to hear
about I'm curious I guess with all that
being said I'll see you guys next week
you
