hey everyone I'm a drew quo and a lot of
people come up to me and ask Andrew how
are you so sex cool awesome and I always
say the same thing the answers in my
genes dude come on man that's like the
third time what I meant was actually my
dad so ladies I give you papa quo
himself Rick that's your cue good so
this is my dad a brief description the
electrical engineer used the king of dad
jokes and she does not like being called
daddy which makes one of us so the
reason that I want to make this video
and I don't think I actually told you
this is because there comes a point in
every child's life when they grow up and
become an adult and enjoy their
independence and there comes a point in
every adults life when their child grows
up and you know thirst for independence
and there's nothing that you would like
more as an adult to just like like
smother them with love in your arms
until they die the point is I figured
that maybe if there was someone else in
your life you'd give some attention to
it would give me some room to gasp for
air so I was like a wonderful today I'm
trying to find my dad a girlfriend yeah
you kind of agreed to this so I'm just
gonna roll with it hey quick question
what's this shirt made out of you sure
cuz it feels like boyfriend material
before we actually get into why you wear
your mom should date my dad let's go
with the first biggest reason his sweet
dad pad an adorable dog that also is
trained to make breakfast in the morning
yeah he eats it but it's the thought
that counts a hot tub for all those cold
winter nights note that it seats 7 which
is 6 aside from my dad so I'm just
saying look at the size of this couch
there is so much room under this blanket
if only someone would hold me what'll it
be
might I suggest shots cuz I I really
don't know how to mix anything else but
I could have fooled you right cuz it's a
bar like this
everything looks profession
check out this fancy art dad why don't
you go ahead and tell ladies what this
painting means to you it's a lot of
squares have this deep like dad so now
that we've showed off the dad pet as you
call it probably that's what you call
right
not at all your dad yeah this is your
pad yeah am I wrong at any point what
part did I cross you lived here -
there's like an implication there that
you want me to come back I'm an adult I
live on my own I made a separate base
matter I don't want to live here alright
so now that we've shown off the dad pad
it's time to let everyone know a little
more about you and stuff the urine do so
I'm gonna ask you some questions and
you're just gonna give honest answers to
try and find your soul mate out there on
the interwebs
you ready fire away okay what what are
your hobbies
um curious about space-time in the
universe I wrong I was at yoga yesterday
morning which was awesome try doing the
gym couple times a week
real quick give me quick flex let's see
you're not gonna do that I've taken out
the guns right once they come out anyone
could die what are you most proud of
do I have to keep the kids out of it
because that's the obvious answer right
my children I'm most proud of you guys
like I was fishing for that I'm like
you're like my heroes how would your
friends describe you well you've heard
it yourself we went out for brunch once
and one of my friends he's such a woman
wait one of your friends of the year
such a woman that's because I have that
sensitive side I think your friends came
as Exodus guys have feelings too
absolutely no one's got more feelings
than my dad have five feelings all right
so now it's time for the lightning round
so basically this is gonna go is I'm
gonna give you two choices and you just
like say the first thing comes to mind
whichever one you identify with more all
right ready yes cats or dogs Star Wars
or Star Trek Star Trek Marvel or DC
Marvel
Beach vacation or backpacking across
Europe me or my sister okay or it's an
unhappy or happy and poor happy and for
Amira son who isn't a disappointment
yeah thank you so well yeah if you or
your mom are interested in hitting this
up shoot him a call at four one six and
eight one
okay just leave a comment and we'll be
in touch
alright so thanks for watching the video
I hope that you enjoyed it if you did
let me know by giving it a thumbs up
you're doing a piece on we don't want no
peace we want thumbs let me know in the
comments if you want to see more videos
with my dad do you wanna be in future
videos and finally if you haven't
subscribed to my channel yet why not
what's going on I make new videos every
week on Thursday and lately I've been
actually doing videos on top of that so
make sure that you don't miss that you
should make sure that you subscribe to
be notified of all of my content and
with all that being said you know this
goes I'll see you guys next do with me
week good job dad
you
