hey I'm Andrew quo and uh back in high
school I was a lot more shy than I am
now when I liked a girl I would kind of
play like emotional detective which
basically means that I would analyze
everything she did to try and interpret
whether or not she liked me so to not
Drive myself crazy
I talked to any friend I knew that at
least had some advice to give grated
some of it was completely terrible but
basically what it took away from it all
was that guys really aren't that
different when it comes to showing a
girl that we like them so today I
thought it'd be fun to talk about the
signs guys give to show a girl we like
her every dude will show he's into you
in the exact same way with his body
language staring is probably the easiest
way to tell because if you turn around
and some dude just looks the other way
or pulls one of those what a wood what's
that clock say you already know he's
trying to cover up checking you out but
if you turn around and he doesn't look
away and just kind of keep staring at
you
she probably count on one cuz you're
about to become a statistic also if you
ever like say something to a guy and he
just immediately sits upright and smiles
this guy does not want to be caught
looking bad by you gee I wonder why oh I
don't know maybe it's cuz he likes you
but if he's actually in you there was
way more not so subtle things that'll do
like if he starts a conversation with
you for something that really doesn't
matter like if he wants notes for a
class or something there's just
definitely a ton of other people that he
could have asked but he needed the
excuse to talk to you the other thing is
just how he talks to you in general like
when I'm interested in a girl and we're
talking I actually do this both in
person and like through text everything
I say will leave enough room for a
response from her yeah so I got my
yellow stripe and Taekwondo so I mean if
you want you can call me sensei but uh
do you do any martial arts by the way
that's a hundred percent true so if any
of you feel inclined to call me sensei I
mean you wouldn't be wrong to do so
point is if we like you we are eager to
keep you involved in our conversation
getting even less subtle my favorite
thing to do is to low-key ask if a girl
has a boyfriend I'm sneaky about how I
do it though wow it's cold out sad does
uh does your boyfriend ever get cold
what boyfriend
good and one of the most obvious signs
is when he finds subtle ways to touch
you like it could just be a poke to get
your attention or like a sympathetic I'm
sorry that happened to you
I mean it's just a video game I have
other lives and you might have that
happen to you sometime and think oh no
super casual I'm sure he does that to
everybody that's exactly what he wants
you to think that's his way of making it
now weird he had you going from this
start and then lastly there are those
dudes that you're friends with maybe you
have in for a while so not being sure
whether or not he likes yous pretty
tight spot to be in I guess the biggest
thing to look out for in a situation
like that is to see if he remembers the
little things like there's definitely a
point at which people who are just
friends overlook the little things you
say like the people and stories or the
places you go if it doesn't like totally
add to this story but a dude who
genuinely likes you is gonna try and
remember those things just so he has
more things to know about you I don't
know why we do that love's weird you can
quote me on that anyways that was just a
few things that guys do to show that
they like a girl there's so many other
things that we do so if you guys really
want me to do another video like this
give this video a thumbs up and if we
can break 5k then I'll do it I'm curious
to hear what you guys do when you like
somebody do you do any of the things
that I said or do you think the points I
made were super wrong let me know in the
comments below I really want to read
that well maybe I'll even pick up some
moves for myself also if you enjoyed
this video and aren't already subscribed
to me I just think it'd be like a pretty
cool thing of you to go ahead and hit
that subscribe button and check back
next Thursday for another new video and
I guess without that being said I'll see
you guys next week face
you
