oh so pray hey listen man I uh I gotta
ask you for some advice yeah what's up
I had this date coming up right and I'll
be honest I'm a little nervous for it
because I really like this girl and I
don't know I've done too much of like
the movie date and like the dinner date
and I want to just do something cool
with her
have you tried laser tag yeah no here's
my issue with laser tag is that I'm just
like incredibly good at it and very very
competitive so there's like a 90% chance
I'm just gonna be using her as a meat
shield or like tossing her aside if it
like in any way helps me win it's kind
of a side I just don't want her to see
me you know so I'm looking for other
ideas I don't know what was like the
best thing you've ever been on the best
date I've ever been on
it's a simple date and I met up with
this girl we met up at the park walked
through the park had some ice cream
afterwards and I walked her home okay
and then what sorry that's it yeah
seriously yeah she was a nice girl and
that's the worst date I've ever heard
that's like awful oh my god first of all
horrible storytelling on your in you
really got Oregon that second of all
there was no climax ice cream
no no terrible day okay well what's your
best date story I'm glad that us because
all of my dates are phenomenal so you
just sit there and prepare to have your
mind be blown all right so last day that
I went on I call it this girl I'm like a
yo girl I'm gonna take you up tonight
you'll meet my princess for a day
anything you want I'm buying so you know
naturally I take her to Taco Bell and
we're sitting there and this is my first
time actually seeing her in person and
I'm just like realizing like damn she's
really hot and you know she's a little
Meteor than I usually go for it but
that's a good thing and she's got like
enough crunch to really make her
something out are you talking about the
girl you're with or the food oh my god I
was talking about the food oh my god
that's bad that's embarrassing sorry
anyways so we're sitting across from
each other talking getting to know each
other and next thing I know there's a
couple of bites missing out of her and
my mouth is just overwhelmed with the
taste of like bacon okay at first I kind
of sounded like a date but that last
part I'm pretty sure was just you eating
again oh my god dude I just did twice
try to that's
ridiculous I'm so embarrassed well okay
sorry um
where was I you were on a date right
okay so I've already eaten like two of
these bacon club chalupas and just damn
dude
they're so good and I'm over here
thinking like should I go back from
Morris they're even a real date or was
it just you eating Taco Bell I mean you
know it depends I guess how you define
like a date you know to me a date is
when two things just have like a
connection you know and that was
definitely there so you know was it real
I I think so
where we were so we're telling me is
that you went to Taco Bell by yourself
that night and called that a date a
better date than my real date with like
an actual girl get out hey guys thanks
for watching the video I hope that you
enjoyed it if you did make sure you give
it a thumbs up to let me know I don't
usually do full video skits on my
channel but you know it's good to mix it
up every once in a while this video is
actually a collab with my good friend
ray and we did another video over on his
channel which will be linked to in the
description if you guys wanna go check
that out also leave me a comment below
letting me know what your perfect date
would be or at least what the best date
you've ever been on was obviously my
best date is just gonna taco bell by
myself cuz I mean I don't need people
and on that note I just wanted to give
you a big thank you to talk about Canada
for how they make this video happen and
they're actually putting on a contest
right now where if you go on social
media and vote for your favorite chalupa
be it be baking club or the steak
supreme the winning one will be offered
for free at like a bunch of locations
all across Canada so it's pretty sweet
make sure that you're subscribed to me
to be notified of future videos and with
all that being said I'll see you guys
next week
