hey everyone I'm Andrew quo and I'm
single unlike many singles I've tried my
hand at tinder and over the years I've
had mostly good experiences but uh not
all the time so today I thought it'd be
fun if I talked about the worst tinder
date I ever had so yeah let's just hop
on in first of all this happened like
two years ago and you know there was
this girl for the sake of this video
let's call her Nicole I thought it was
love it for his swipe I mean she was
attractive she responded to me on tinder
that's really the best you can hope for
but I mean she seemed cool enough so I
kept the conversation relatively short
and then asked for her number so far so
good right so we started texting and
this is when I started to notice that
she was a little bit odd for example the
way that she brought up planning a date
was like so uh where are you taking me
and usually I would just write that off
as like oh you're just being flirtatious
and confident but when I responded how
about a movie
she said no best you cheat I listen here
lady
my bio entender is not very rich guy
looking to throw money away at the time
I was working as a video editor and
making like 15 bucks an hour and you
know trying to pay rent like I don't
know what you're expecting but I am NOT
rich when you're broke you gotta learn
to be smart with your dates so I ended
up saying that I would take her for
dinner but Dan yall already know that
I'm eating beforehand and ordering off
the kids menu she was cool with this
fantastic so the day of our date finally
comes and earlier in the day I text her
let's meet there at 6:00
and she goes dot dot dot you're not
picking me up okay and before you guys
get the wrong idea I live in Toronto I
feel like I've said that a lot on my
channel and much like New York City a
lot of people don't drive here I'm in
the city too so anyone from here knows
that we√≠ll just take public transit I
was honestly like amazed that she
assumed that pick her up because that
has never happened to me before in my
life
again it's probably just a Toronto thing
and I don't want to like start anything
before you even met the girls so I just
write it off and respond with my bad I
don't drive and in response I get like
one of those I don't even with the cause
like the opposite of a smirk emoji with
like a capital letter O and a capital
letter K so you already know this girl I
ain't feeling it so I ended up arriving
a little late but I get there and lo and
behold she's better in person I don't
know if other guys do this but whenever
I meet up with a tinder day
I'd like this checklist of all the
things I need to confirm just to see
like how honest this girl's been thus
far she looks like she does in her
photos check she's not like a million
times taller or shorter than I thought
she'd be so check and you know she's not
a fifty year old man with a van full of
candy so check good sign so far more
importantly wherever this attitude was
that like expected all these things for
me it wasn't here she's actually being
like really nice and cute and I don't
know I thought we started hitting it off
so we're just hanging out and talking
and she says something that reminds me
of this story that I start telling about
this trip I went down with a bunch of
friends and one of them booked us this
really sketchy hotel like it's
definitely the type of place that you'd
see in like Breaking Bad where you go to
buy drugs or take prostitutes and so I
mentioned how my friend Laura is
freaking out and she stops me
mid-sentence and goes wait who's Laura
she's my friend
anyways so she's really sketched out
because this dude and then she cuts me
off again did you and her ever date okay
uh this is the number one thing that you
never do on a date like I know as a fact
that there's probably a few videos on my
channel where I say do not ever talk
about exes on a date Laura and I never
dated actually she's in a relationship
with one of my best friends so obviously
not and prying into someone's dating
life and sounding bothered by me
potentially dating someone in the past
on a first date it's just a really
really bad sign so I just try to like
change we're talking about as quickly as
I can maybe a date can be redeemed from
this mess so we start talking about
something else and everything's okay for
a while and I actually almost started
being into it again I mean as I said
before when she's not being weird she's
actually like really easy to talk to and
just good company so more time passes
and we're waiting for the bill to arrive
when I think I like complimented her it
was something like you have really nice
eyes or something like that I don't know
it was a long time ago I just said
something that was nice and she was like
oh really do you think that they're
prettier than Loras ah man that was
definitely the moment where I was 100%
sure that I could never go with this
girl again
so I actually say to her and this might
have been bad at me but I go I told you
that nothing happened with her you need
to relax
I barely know you okay so just in
general telling someone to relax at any
given point except for maybe when
they're gonna like
for a massage there's a solid chance
you're gonna get smacked if not
physically then verbally and that can be
so much worse so she just lets loose
being like I don't want to be seeing
someone who's flirting with all their
friends and just all this other stuff
now I really can't deal with this so I
just pay the bill and get out of there
as fast as I possibly can so now we're
outside the restaurant just about to
split and I'm still listening to her go
off on me and I just butt in to say well
oh this was fun anyways I gotta go and
last I saw she's just standing there all
like red in the face probably not too
pleased about how I'm just trying to get
the hell out of there anyways
I wish that was how the story ended I
don't hate her I honestly thought maybe
she hated me but like ideally let's just
both go our own ways and hopefully never
see each other again but the next day
goes by and in the evening she shoots me
a text being like you know guys are
supposed to text their girls the next
day so I'm just looking at my phone I
actually go get my roommate and show him
as well because I'm just like in all
like wait a minute was I just put into a
relationship do I get a say in this
I just can't understand how she
interpreted had that date way like if
she just thought to herself I yelled at
him I made him give up all his female
friends and now we're happily together
what a great date but Wow
was she ever wrong I'll be honest and I
don't brag about doing this ever but I
ghosted her I just didn't respond I mean
she clearly didn't pick up on the date
not being good so I don't want to send
her a text like hey we're not together
and I think that we shouldn't go out
again and have her read it like hey
we're together let's go out again I was
just I was done I was up to here at this
point okay and it it doesn't get much
higher than here anyways as bad as this
was she wasn't like psychotic or
anything Donald Glover has this joke
about how all guys have a crazy girl
story but most girls don't have a crazy
guy story and it's because if you're a
girl and you're dating a crazy guy
you're gonna die so you know it could
have been a lot worse
but anyways that was my worst tinder
date I usually do this type of like
storytime type video where I just sit
down and talk about something but this
was a lot of fun and I got a lot of
other weird crazy random stories so if
you ever want me to do one of these
again let me know by giving this video a
thumbs up and if we get 2,000 I'll do
another
also let me know in the comments if you
have any crazy date stories or even just
like crazy things you've seen people do
like one time I saw a guy pull down his
pants and pee in the middle of a grocery
store I made that up but if you have
anything real let me know in the
comments because I always find that
stuff entertaining anyways make sure
that you're subscribed to me to be
notified of future videos and with all
that being said I'll see you guys next
week peace
Oh
