I am a filthy disgusting human being
with a boatload of secrets hey everyone
I made you a quo and today I'm opening
up boats and things as a youtuber
there's almost like an unspoken code of
conduct for what we can and can't say in
our videos
like you want to say things about
yourself that other people can relate to
man I'm so Forever Alone I'm so bad at
video games I haven't seen my dad since
I was seven another relatable stuff like
that but I feel like our relationship
right now it's ready to open up I'm
about to get brutally honest up in here
and share some things that I have never
shared online let's uh let's see how it
goes I'm not really a fan of challenge
videos they're just not for me like if
you do them more power to you just
really not my cup of tea
however I will totally do them the rare
time I am doing a collab because I have
no idea how to make collabs I'm just
being honest I kind of hate cats
like just in general most of them don't
like people and even the ones that do I
just feel it used by you know like my
last roommate for example had this cat
that would wake me up at 3 in the
morning just to get its pets and then it
would just dip and I'd be left wide
awake and like wouldn't be able to go
back to sleep
I just felt used by it you know I am
more than just a piece of meat when I
was little my dad took my sister and I
to a butterfly exhibit and I put my hand
out and one flew down and landed it was
like this beautiful moment between me
and nature until its tongue started
unraveling and my sister told me that it
was sucking my blood so I immediately
flipped out probably killed the thing
and I have had a crippling fear of
butterflies ever since but you know not
not anymore I'm an adult those things
don't happen to me anymore isn't that
one right there
where I have this one reoccurring dream
where cockroach people kidnapped my
whole family like anyone who shares my
blood I'll go from one of their houses
to another just in time to see them
getting kidnapped since then I lived in
an apartment with a bunch of cockroaches
and I have killed a lot of them
I guess you could call that justice I
live in Toronto Canada and honestly I
love it here I rep this city so hard but
whenever a big youtuber does well in
Canada I feel like they just pack up and
move to Los Angeles I get it there's
definitely more opportunity out there
but I feel like vows ever given that
chance I would rather stay here maybe at
most I would do like frequent trips back
and forth but Toronto is my home and all
my friends are here and I just don't
mean I could be away for too long I'm
really jealous of people who are good at
art like just in general I've always
wished I could create these beautiful
paintings or sketches but I've just
never really had a knack for it as a kid
I used to love drawing all of these like
weird monsters that I made up but since
then I haven't really drawn much and
what bums me out even more is that my
school family is super gifted at drawing
my mom is an art teacher which I mean
that's a given
my sister has just been really artsy
always kind of gifted that sort of thing
and my dad's an engineer which I don't
think directly correlates to being able
to draw but I mean come on art or math
you shouldn't be allowed to be good at
both my handwriting has always been just
just disgusting and I never thought it
was a big problem because you know
there's the Internet but ever since I
started making videos a couple people
have asked me for an autograph and it's
a huge compliment I'm totally humbled by
it but I would you think I'm writing my
name in print so unless you want
something like this ruining whatever you
have me sign if you ever see me let's
just let's just do a selfie I'm actually
like a pretty big anime fan and the
reason I don't really talk about on my
youtube channel much is because I feel
like as much as being a nerd is kind of
like a cool thing to do now I just feel
like anime fans are still looked at kind
of funny but I don't know for me it's
just a really cool medium to tell
stories in a way that TV and movies just
can't and before you ask which ones I've
seen I'm just gonna put a list up on the
screen right now so I don't spend too
much time on it and if you missed it
then I'm sorry there was a small amount
of time in my life in which I had
bleached blonde hair mmm I I really
don't want to talk about it I have
honestly no shame I will talk just to
fill the
Islands and I will share way more than I
probably should realistically my career
options are either annoying co-worker or
youtubers so I feel like I've made the
better call dude put some pants on look
this is who I am okay you're gonna have
to suck it up anyways I could probably
go on all day what did you guys think
are you like ready to unsubscribe at
this point if not now that I've opened
up I'd like to hear a little bit more
about all you guys so if you're down
leave me a list of a couple things that
just make you who you are
no judgment I promise and because I have
so many more things that I could share
if you like this video and you want me
to make a sequel let me know by giving
this video a thumbs up and if we can get
the mm then consider it done anyways
subscribe to me if you haven't already
as I make new videos weekly and with all
app being said I'll see you guys next
week peace
you
