hey everyone I'm Andrew quo and let's
get sexual today we haven't really
talked about anything dirty in a while
my analytics tell me that the majority
of my audience is 18 to 24 so I wouldn't
be too surprised if a lot of you knew
what you were doing if you know what I
mean but with that being said you could
never be too safe every STD can and will
kill you okay maybe that's not entirely
true but still you don't want that stuff
holding you down for your whole life so
use condoms and even then you might be
safe whoa what's that did you just say
that you don't know how to apply a
condom and you want me to demonstrate
that's a super weird thing to ask you
put me in a really weird situation but
lucky for you I do have all of these
condoms that if I'm being perfectly
honest with myself they're probably not
gonna get used a time soon so I guess I
can give it a go okay so I couldn't
really find anything particularly
phallic around my apartment so how about
a mason jar I sincerely hope none of you
are ever with a partner that's uh
packing this much heat okay so let's
just uh let's just dive right into this
I guess okay first thing you want to do
is you want to get it over the top Oh
God did it already break okay so maybe a
mason jar was a bad call considering I
got a delicious Arizona can over here
yes now it's just a matter of rolling it
on down this is totally working guys I'm
really happy look at this okay first of
all very apparent myself that did second
ball shouldn't be an air bubble if you
have that you're doing it wrong
third of all there is no excuse to not
use condoms when I can get it on
something like this
so there's no being too big for one well
that's something that I never thought
I'd do you know sometimes I wonder who
the type of people are that have STDs
and don't tell their partner about it
sure maybe some of them aren't aware
they have it but I'd rather look at them
as like these evil deceitful people just
trying to spread the stuff you know sort
of like intelligent sexy zombie 'he's I
definitely don't have any STDs did you
just wink what of course not
why are you being so sketchy well
there's this sexual tension in the air
today so uh we doin this or
and there is a lot of STDs out there but
by far the worst one is children like if
you want a kid then at least you're
prepared for it I don't fully understand
you but at least it's your choice but if
you don't want a kid this is the worst
kind of STD there is it is the only one
that has a mind of its own the cost of
taking care of it is way more than the
alternatives and there is no cure ever
it is gonna outlive you like imagine if
syphilis did that like 50 years after
you've died people dig you up and it's
just a pile of bones and syphilis and
people are gonna remember you in the
same way too you'll be known for it and
you'll come up in conversations
occasionally like hey man whatever
happened to Andrew dead kids what do you
expect or hey man whatever happened to
Andrew syphilis syphilis happened I just
know that one day in the distant future
all have kids and they'll see this video
and asked me about it and my only excuse
will be in my defense I also up syphilis
yeah my future is not looking too good
but hey if you're a virgin I'm not
trying to scare you off sex if it's
something that you want to do do it just
you know be safe about it and don't do
it just cuz someone wants you to do it
or because all your friends are doing it
do it because you want to I think a lot
of people make it out to be such a big
deal and it's really only as big a deal
as you make it you know when you think
about it losing your virginity is kind
of like buying a sports car no one cares
no one wants to hear about how fast it
went and you think you're better than
everyone else big deal anyways safe sex
virginity
that's a video is there something sex
related that I didn't cover that you
want me to cover tell me about in the
comments of this video and know either
respond to it or if it's a big enough
discussion I might make a video about it
also if you found this video
entertaining make sure to give it a
thumbs up and subscribe to me if you
haven't already because I make videos
just like this every week and with all
that being said I'll see you guys next
week
