be tired of always thinking about
someone else and not knowing if they're
thinking about you or do you miss
someone and you want them to miss you it
is a pretty common thing to experience
if only there was a way to guarantee you
were on his mind well actually there is
and it can be just as easy as sending
him a text so today we're gonna talk
about it and the different kinds of
texts that you can send to achieve this
so let's just get right into it here are
texts to make him miss you now before we
get into the three kinds of texts that
you can send if you want someone to miss
you there are some pretty basic rules
that you got to follow beforehand like
hey you can't miss you if he's
constantly around you 24/7 because he
literally has no one to miss you're
there so if you want someone miss you
you need to give them some space and
that means a lot more than just
physically being there
I mean don't call them constantly or
send text when they don't reply send
more texts just back off a little bit
those things aren't inherently bad or
wrong to do if that's what you usually
do but this video is not about what's
good and bad it's about how to get
someone to miss you and if you're doing
those things they're not gonna miss you
also just a few other things you can do
like maybe wait a little before texting
them back it lets him know that you're
busy and you'll get back to him when
it's convenient or if you're that person
who shares a lot post a little less on
social media because you can't sit
around and wonder how you're doing if
every 30 minutes he's getting
notification from you posting on Twitter
and syrup once there's a bit of
separation and you have some room for
him to miss you then we can move on to
the texts the first kind of text that
you can send is the most simple just
nice texts there is no better way to get
a guy thinking about you and about how
great you are then if he gets texts from
you that make him feel good about
himself and what you say could really be
anything last night was great you were
such a gentleman you are so charming or
fun or athletic or how other guys can't
hold the flame to him anything along
those lines will do the trick what it's
doing is basically just boosting the
hell out of him and therefore he'll
start associating you with feeling good
about himself so the next time he's
having a hard day he'll think damn I
wish Chelsea was here to make me feel
better if that's your name or whatever
your name is this one here that's pretty
simple ego boosting stuff the next one
though it's a little more complicated
the second type of text that will keep
him thinking about you is something a
lot more thoughtful
these are usually texts that show you
know and care about what's going on in
his life and this is a lot more powerful
than the first kind of text because it's
not as entry-level it demonstrates a
real interest in his world and also acts
as a friendly reminder that you know you
are nervous for him or excited for him
or whatever's going on your your you're
in it with him that can be something
like good luck online interview today
you're gonna kill it or even just have
fun tonight tell your friends I say hey
really anything that shows you know
what's going on with him and just that
you're supportive and this is something
that he's not gonna easily forget guys
get a text like this and it means a lot
see most guys including myself and
really all of the guys that I know and
I'm friends with would prefer to have a
smaller group of friends that they
really trust then you know hundreds of
people that they don't know as well and
something like this shows that you're
not only in that circle but that you're
invested in it and what's happening to
him and it's gonna go a long way to
having him really value and appreciate
you but of course the best kind of text
to have you never stop being on his mind
is the third one dirty texts duh because
nothing is gonna better keep the guys
attention than being lusted after and
I'm not saying that has to be like
straight-up filthy it could even just be
like a compliment on how he looks or you
know a winky face and something like
that will give him the boost he needs to
think about you all damn day if you can
make a guy feel attractive or excited to
see you again
Giz not
gonna be able to stop thinking about you
so hey do with that as you will anyway
that was it for today thank you guys so
much for watching and if you enjoyed
this video make sure you give it a big
ol thumbs up just to let me know also
tell me in the comments what you've done
or what has been done to you to get
someone to miss you let me know down
below last video I asked all of you what
you think is the reason you've been
ghosted or why in general guys ghost and
so on screen right now are my favorite
comments from that video I just remember
a if you want to get your comment
featured next week make sure you reply
to the comment I just asked and maybe
I'll be trio I'll pick my favorites I
want to give a huge Instagram shadow to
Geneva for commenting on a recent story
and pic that she liked my outfit and
that it was stylish I try so desperately
hard so thank you all so kitty Philip
who commented on a photo was actually
wearing this sweater and recognized it
as Metallica sweater and asked me my
favorite song was you called my bluff
kitty I'm a fake fan I know Enter
Sandman and nothing else matters but I
thought the hoodie looked cool so you
got my last Instagram shoutout is to
Melissa who commented on another recent
pic the caption was about how I want to
start a biker gang and she said not only
she in but she'll take my little sidecar
which you know not a lot of people want
the sidecar so much respect I was I was
worried about not being able to have
someone ride with me but you really made
me feel a lot better Melissa thank you
so make sure you go follow those three
and if you want a little Instagram shout
out at the end of my next video make
sure you follow me on instagram make
sure your comment on my pics liking them
hitting notification doing all of the
things and if you're active on there
pick people every week so get on it my
ass is just Andrew quo the link will
also be in the description below so see
you over there
finally subscribe to me for more videos
click over here if you want more videos
that's right I have more than just this
one and with all that being said I'll
see you next time
face
