hey everyone I'm Andrew quo and welcome
to the quo show today's tweet comes from
Isabella who asks my best friend is
taking me to her guy friends birthday
party is there a safe card when buying
presents for guys if you've ever not
known what to get someone as a gift let
me know by giving this video a thumbs up
okay so obviously every guy is different
but there are definitely some gifts that
are better than others honestly most
guys like gifts that provide choice like
money or gift cards etc because there's
really no chance of disliking it like
literally all you have to do is find the
type of hobbies this guy has be it
electronics sports movies whatever and
get a semi related gift card and he'll
be super stoked the video game store I
love video games the sports store well I
guess I could like get a hat or
something Victoria's Secret what do you
think I like buy women's underwear or
something
damn how do you know I love it but I
guess a lot of people look for gifts
that are sentimental and show that you
care or whatever and in that case it's
gonna get a little trickier if it was a
guy that you actually really cared about
then you could make him something
yourself or have something made for him
just so long as you know that he cares
about you as well this is a whale with a
Wiggin legs it's because it's me mixed
with your favorite animal why would I
want this but provided that you actually
know him and know that he cares about
you too then I'm sure whatever it is
he'll dig it this is a whale with a
Wiggin legs I love it I'm putting it
somewhere everyone can see it but
honestly judging from your question
Isabella
I just gotta assume that this guy is not
your significant other or even a good
friend and if you want a better idea
than a gift card and a less creepy idea
than something you've made yourself
there is one option left something
useful something that the guy would
appreciate even though it's not the most
expensive gift because it's something
they could actually see himself using
maybe something related to his job or
just a hobby it's kind of a tough
suggestion to explain considering it
could be literally anything so I figured
I could show you some things that I've
gotten and really loved one friend of
mine is really good at getting gifts he
bought my roommates and I this thing
that makes ice shot glasses
and I'm freakin obsessed with it pretty
sweet right now my shot glass is also my
ice cube Kobe on my birthday the same
dude who also happens to be a really
talented comic-book artist got me a
Punisher comic with a blank first page
which he drew himself The Punisher is my
favorite superhero okay this gift was
amazing but honestly at the end of the
day as long as you're friends with the
guy and you show up he'll be happy and
my experienced guys don't really care
too much about gifts so don't worry
about it
anyways Thank You Isabella for the
question but I'm curious to hear from
you guys have you bought many gifts for
guys and in your experience what are
some decent gift ideas let me know in
the comments below and if you want me to
make a video about one of your problems
tell me about it on Twitter using the
hashtag Kuo show so I can find it make
sure that you're subscribed to me to be
notified of future videos and with all
that being said I'll see you guys next
time
