we're gonna cook me in a challenge for
all of us money is gonna be a long day
keep your friends close keep your
enemies closer
more than war
I call something
today me in the squad I'm going
head-to-head in a challenge for all of
this money I don't know how much that is
yeah I'm going to be counted it come on
everyone today we're gonna compete in a
challenge for all
muddy it's by now
no you have to win it Martin to win all
of this money you have to be the last
one
what would you do if you won the money
Martin what would you spend the money on
paper
you can't run writing would you spend
the money on I mean I could invest it to
buy new property or just buy some new
books and if I win the challenge I'm
going to be using the money to buy food
giveaway for you guys see mom I came
second in the last challenge in this
challenge I don't intend to come second
I intend to win it I was this close to
winning and it was all down to my
amazing tactics so for this challenge
guys I'm gonna sit down for my game I've
been plotting and planning and I've come
up with a fantastic plant that will
surely lead me to victory so I've come
to the vitamin section and this is what
I found sleeping tablets and I don't
intend to use them on myself if I need
to use these to get an advantage I will
on my opponent team mum I'm not gonna
lose this challenge I promise you I'm
gonna win for you the difference between
me and my opponents is I will do
anything to win hi guys we've arrived at
Tesco and the first thing I'm gonna buy
to help me stay awake
he's a ton of energy drinks Red Bull Red
Waste
red ball red ball bearing is four pack
eight hug both should be free shouldn't
mean okay something tells me I'm going
to be going to the toilet a lot tonight
but you know what after a win that ten
grand definitely be worth it comment
down below team Ryan cuz we've gone
guys guys I finally found the aisle I
was looking for on the Salvas loads of
supplements and tablets to help you stay
awake they called like energy tablets or
something I found a box of them here
that's 70 P per packet but I have a
feeling we're gonna need a lot of these
so I'm gonna take the whole box I'm also
gonna get a bunch of these protein bars
because I'm probably gonna need some
quick clothing to keep me going and
while I'm at it why don't I grab some of
these protein shakes everybody comment
down below
right now team org video no longer will
we be called
team bold we be called team hair
everybody's run off to the shops to get
their supplies I have got a trick up my
sleeve right here right here I've got
some hot chocolate and everybody knows
this makes you go to sleep so I'm gonna
pour myself an extra strong cup of
chocolate oh I am definitely gonna win
this competition
here we go straight to sleep drowsy
already and now guys for the easy part
all I gotta do now is fall asleep just
got my from tesco I've got a bunch of
supplies we're already into our number
two and I've been Lukey filmers I'll get
a little bit tired but I'm gonna battle
through this the longest I've ever
stayed awake is 70 hours so maybe in
this video I'll be forced to break my
record and stay awake but even longer
porn thing's for sure guys the
competition is tough and I think I need
to keep a close eye out for Martin
because he's the whole lot to prove
since he came last in the last shower
is Martin asleep already up to two hours
I know I said I need to keep a close eye
what the hell is he doing Martin wake up
Mark Martin Martin I know you're happy I
don't want to disappoint you but the
challenge was last one
not the first one you came last again
buddy once you uh no no no no no first
once upon sleep no it was the last one
it was last one don't get me a pro no
Martin you're walking away empty-handed
again I'm afraid
well guys I guess one down two to go
guys I've just got back from Tesco it's
actually going dark out there
this challenge is kind of passing by
really quick I've got so much energy
they'll feel tired at all and I've got
my secret weapon
I've said this once and I'll say it
again t-mod we've got this you can rely
on me I'm not gonna let you down this
time
Marty feeling a little bit tired are you
Martin a little bit tired now what you
mean you've only just woke up looks like
I'm stuck with a bald boyfriend
hey guys he's just gonna dark outside I
haven't played for night for a good you
know like five hours party I got this
giant in the back to be honest I mean if
you really think about it I've got the
best strategy I'm keeping my mind
occupied by playing PlayStation by going
on my phone
anything video game related is the way
to stay away not entirely sure it's a
scientific fact but you know what it's
not been proven yet so who cares I
didn't see behind me we have my Red Bull
pyramid may have already had a full box
but um wake so that's the best thing
about it not gonna bore you with the
details but my story's not exactly
holding up amazingly and sure after a
few more boxes well it's not gonna be a
fun night let you say that but for the
amount that's on the line it's worth
risking my body team Ryan we've got this
Oh fine
sorry guys oh I've set myself a rule
that we're never very good close to
falling asleep I have to do five press
up the gap myself back in the zone
guys the time is 12 o'clock midnight
right now we've just got in today -
already this is about the time I would
usually go to sleep you literally saw me
a minute ago I was flipping almost and
I saved myself at the last minute but
that was way too close
I don't have that happen again
especially when mom and Ryan are still
awake but it's okay guys because I think
I know exactly what I need a boost from
a quote
this drink is literally called grenades
it's called grenade if this doesn't give
me an explosion of energy that I'm gonna
flip him sue them
that does not taste nice but I need the
energy
ah he marks I can feel it I can feel the
energy coming to me I just feel like
guys make so you gotta fall shall we get
the bride I'm ready for a long night
you guys I'm gonna clean up in Aisle
three air guys are about ten looks of
coffee and it's just not working clean
because I drink so much coffee
my body's built up an immunity to it I
mean I need to find something else to
drink that will stimulate me guys now
that I think about it while we're at the
shop earlier I think I saw a Ryan's
trolling and it was full of candy right
upstairs so clearly still awake so it's
working for him perhaps he'll it's God
then get one of his energy drinks or
maybe instead of taking just one take
them all the energy if he finds out
about this he's gonna be oh really
oh those rebel was coming back to bite
me in the you-know-what
that's nice I'm gonna leave one box so
he doesn't suspect anything
hopefully here we go guys team on our
album yeah
swag more than wall
oh whoa guys
that was a close call all these energy
drinks I got this guy's
I got this team long this is definitely
what I need right now
whoa whoa whoo
camellias surging through my body I'm
gonna go get them off into some more
cleaning
with
- mom
Oh guys my entire point is to shoot out
my to do my chili I have an idea when I
gotta wake up I'm super tired first
thing I do is get a cold shower sounds
horrible guys but it actually works it
may be the perfect thing I need right
now to give me some energy
is what I call commitment that right
that is why I am good with this
challenge I don't think I'd do anything
like that the time is literally fine and
right now the soap will be coming up in
a few hours
that means that me Brian the more I've
done almost 24 hours already without
sleep guys it's been 24 hours since I
went to sleep I am so tired I don't know
why I thought I could do this I'm just
an old lady look at the bags of god I'm
so tired
can't do this guys I'm so sorry but I
just give up unless guys I've got an
idea
now Ryan and Morgan seems to be just
thinking about themselves they haven't
been round checking on me so what if I
going to care a secret room and have a
little sleep Teen Mom I've just climbed
into our secret place there's only
really me that uses this it's in Cara's
room and it's kind of like a little room
that goes all the way around the house
no one will ever think I'm in here I
guess it's Morgan and Ryan come looking
for me
they'll probably think oh she's gone out
or she's in the garden I'll come in here
so you know what I said I'm gonna do
anything to win this challenge and guys
I am a little sleep I'll just charge
meal I'll be ready
lively I'm gonna win this and guys once
I've got that new energy I'll have to
focus all my energy on using tactics to
eliminate this we're gonna win this
challenge
it's just a matter of time before I'm in
that care home getting looked after
good morning guys I'm using the new
strategy for day two instead of a nice
shower or press so I don't even know I
need you to make it to the shower or so
I'm just gonna leave for myself guys
it's just gonna lie outside I can
actually feel my eyes aching I've made
all my protein bars I've drank my
protein shake I've even had some little
energizing tablets but they just didn't
do anything I just feel like I don't
know how much longer I can go today -
right now this is very very scary have
to admit guys I've stayed away like this
before
it's never been this bad I don't know if
it's because of the camera or wall but I
just can't stop thinking about how tired
Oh
guys every boat my body is killing me I
turn how much time I could take of this
it feels like my legs have got way too
tight for them wow this challenge is
gone now team walks I just don't think I
can stay up another day without anything
to eat and drink and keep me going the
first day it was all right because I had
my energy drinks and my protein bars and
everything but right now I'm
empty-handed
and I think I'm gonna have to take the
crust outside boys and girls you're
probably thinking Morgan how are you
gonna get to the shop no one can drive
you one line and Ryan are taking part on
the challenge and Martin's tired how the
hell he's gonna get there and also I
can't even run because they don't waste
so much energy and then I came up with a
genius
boys and girls maybe this uh well mrs.
as I thought but there's gonna skip
there right break does not stop it right
through this boy
Oh guys I'm gonna go roll into the shop
five Acosta I didn't fall off so I did
pretty good let's get in there let's get
the dream job has been done boys and
girls this should keep me going for at
least the rest of the day and now ladies
and gentlemen all we really have to do
is hop back on the suede way and and get
back home wait what what the hell was
that this way boy just it didn't new oh
no oh no it's ran out of battery but
means not only am i walking home by I'm
walking home carrying a swag way I'm
Alan bleep here today is gonna be a long
day
whoa it's 3 p.m. guys I slept through
the entire day customer 8 hours sleep
and nobody's even notice no one's come
looking for me so I reckon I'm quite
safe
you know what I'm like Clanton from
Sponge Bob I'm an evil genius it's time
to get eliminated team mom we're going
out on the hunt
you did a gloomy competition you didn't
fell asleep struggle how are you doing
oh okay you're happy too sly reloads
their energy drinks nothing clean in
them running around too far yeah
oh yeah why should we just in the fridge
anyway why did you save me again because
I feel like pretty bad about the last
competition Ryan I mean just the thought
of that money and having some surgery to
make me look better it just kind of took
over this is why I kinda like to look
after people
I mean I just feel Ryan that we work so
well together last time until I kind of
messed it all that we ought to do it
again I just think Ryan if we work
together we can watch each other's backs
and then we should be able to eliminate
Morgan I honestly don't know if I could
trust you you stumped me that wasn't the
real me supposed to be nice to get rid
of all again and then well those are the
competition who knows what that I've
obviously got a lot more energy than you
and I don't need as much sleep because
you look really tired and I'm okay I've
got loads of energy so you better off
coming with me and then we can just like
do this together
Oh ideal for you bye you got more jobs
you betray my trust again and I do
everything I possibly can to get you out
of this challenge
do trust me Ryan I will let you down
oh no Ryan you should have learned
shouldn't trust me I work alone I'm not
giving the money away to someone like
you I'm having that money you're gonna
get eliminated really soon I'm going to
that retirement home and I'm gonna have
the time of my life I've got the tablets
in my pocket I'm just waiting for the
right time to strike you may think I'm
stupid for accepting that keep your
friends close keep your enemies closer
I'm keeping an eye on her and if she
tries to betray me again she's getting
fed to the dogs coffee good choice to
keep you awake Ryan don't try this at
home kids right there you go
this will help you stay away okay
Thank You June and swim at me at the
door guys I'm gonna give this two
minutes and then I'm gonna go back in
there and Ryan will be asleep it's a bit
strange our children asked me if I
wanted milk or sugar and then didn't
give me the option to choose which teeth
I wanted mmm just quickly snatch these
just in case I can never be too safe
yeah I'm alright thank you you look
tired
I've been awake for a long time yo UT
yes nice actually thank you it's okay
I'm gonna have a little sit with you for
a minute
yes so how'd you feel the challenge is
going are you glad with tuned oh yeah
yes just going well I think you always
get Morgan out of the way so that is
just yes but working together definitely
is gonna hell have you not finished at
Iran keep drinking remember I'm here to
help you my vices drink it and it'll
help to wake you up
stimulate you hmm
well Brian I gotta hand it to you you
trusted me once you've trusted me twice
and you know what that was a big mistake
I caught a little bit of something in
your dream to help you sleep any minute
now I suggest you go lay down because
I'm a little bit you're not gonna be
able to walk to that see I knew it
switched our cups oh I think it's you
that he's go lay down Jill I knew you'd
betray me
no that's right there's no chilling to
you just remember that there's no right
to Oh the you need to go lie down too
that makes two left team Ryan what does
that say the start of this we ain't
going down without a fight
we are taking this challenge and we are
winning it Morgan this one's for you I'm
coming for you I'm gonna win there's no
major you left feet passed out in there
thanks to me
well you know what that means
I know what that means means that just
like the old days to me
this is you you know what just like the
old days
well if you're so confident why don't we
settle this in the most manly bear way
possible yeah I was kind of paired up no
Joe sounds right to me I guess
stick it to punch you in the face you
going down boy no no there you go you
have to do better than that boy your
eyes see a box of my OB aura you're the
all right you're on you're right
what do you inside varieties look like
will you tell me
nice this all day to do this all day all
day you're gonna need to I just feel
like to come down to this so you know
what I kept a little trick my the last
energy bar
bah-bah-bah
Scherzer is helping right now Paloma
those is they give you very quick energy
it dies off very quickly where it's
where I have in my pocket it's a whole
roll of caffeine tablets just water
should keep me awake for the rest of the
day don't do it don't do it no need to
tell your life to tell you like what
almost 40 hours in just give up give up
give up what we don't seem to do
das
do tired you're tired I am
yo I wanna sleep right now you're more
tired or fallen asleep right and all
honestly sleep is for the way I may not
have muscles I'm not weak that's it
you had this on time one you know
I'm gonna be giving away one of the
brand new iPhone access boxes I don't
even have one of these yet I'm gonna
give one away for my Christmas special
giveaway if you want to get into totally
all you have to do is subscribe to the
channel down below tell us three of your
friends to subscribe to the channel and
finally coming down below the peace
