aha
last night someone broke into the new
Marx mansion no I don't know who did it
I don't know why they did it Han apart
from some security footage I don't know
how they did it but I'm gonna make a
promise to you guys right now by the end
of this video I will you guys into my
new house my new house we glow in the
dark and so for this video I ain't gonna
be more
well this is just Halloween looks like a
few days ago
Big Joe Hudson is suspect number one
moving on to suspect number two Martinez
Shmuel teen has always wanted his own
merge but he's never had any maybe this
is him fighting back stealing one
t-shirt maybe this is all just him this
bald head ah ah it all makes sense now
moving swiftly on to suspect number
three possibly the most convincing
reason I even called the car on security
footage in the old house and we found
out they was dad the whole time he's
jealous that he the mansion he doesn't
live here so what would he do you would
break in steal the merge to get my
attention for dad I see further I see
where I end sorry sorry I have to stay
on biased here
maybe a child if we watch but the footy
to get new season with me jumping over
the game death window
I don't think big Dillard some would be
able to climb over the game let's bet
number three Darren aka no I think you
guys have been waiting for this one my
girlfriend now why it would my
girlfriend want to do this to me
I can think of a couple of reasons which
explains it all reason number one she is
better than her is so clear to see new
glow-in-the-dark Halloween merch maybe
she wanted to break in and take the old
new Halloween merged on me for releasing
it today to set up or her new merch drop
reason number two Sheila's Halloween I
love Halloween
Yubel is all of Halloween Carol loves
Halloween what better thing to wear on
Halloween than this
glow-in-the-dark merch maybe she just
wanted to break in and get it all before
you guys caught and the final reason she
wants revenge against keyboards I think
Kara is trying to stop you all buying
the new glow-in-the-dark Halloween merch
now she mode we have a suspect
right here and I think the perfect
person to start with is Big Chill Hudson
guys was investigating the crime scene I
have this over here hold on the window
is this leached gray her tea mugs I
think we need to go and find
on the toilet Jill
you're being interrogated that's a lie
some food for more guilty would say
question number one Jill where were you
3700 are you talking about Morgan
thought were talking about me doing
Carrie okay when everyone was asleep I
was safe to do it oh you're a tough
cookie Jill you may have them fooled but
you haven't got me fooled ya how do you
explain this gray hair which was
attached to my window we have the new
blacks it's yesterday and I was just
leaving the wing Towson game and ready
and I probably just caught my hair
anyway my is not great so that isn't
mine okay okay Morgan
you don't run anything you just
pretended to run a Red Bull
don't you question my methods ever again
that's all the monthly one more did you
steal the new Halloween merch Morgan the
truth is that I didn't steal the
Halloween merge because
she already caught
boys and girls
looks like big Jill is no longer a
suspect however is time to move on to
suspend number two now when you watch
like the footage and zoom in really
close you can see that the person is
actually wearing boots and you know who
else wears boots bad I don't we need to
go find them
you don't make hammering out
hello Martin I'm Morgan what are you
doing there let's go chase I
I guess we'll leave that one it's blank
less than I have for 37 someone broke
into my house
installed the new Halloween merch
couldn't I have been you could it be me
what put our down as a myth I may be
tough one to crack or try something us
what do you think of the new Halloween
merge oh I love it I think he's
fantastic I mean I'll just love it
he's brilliant look at it
okay final question
show me your shoes do I have to do I
really have to show you my shoes I know
I could crack the case guys show me
those shoes or should I say
Oh
suspect number two yeah this had a navy
bulb oh I don't think it's mine of to
come with a plan like this I'm gonna
text him right now and see if we can
figure anything out you know what let's
just go in there over yo he says hi
how's it going whoa not bad what are you
up to
he says not a lot just trying on some
new clothes what brand not telling you
that why would he not tell me that I
didn't think of why because he's stolen
from me and he doesn't want me to now
you know what I'm gonna keep my cool I'm
gonna put okay wanna come round to my
house for a bit in new clothes I'll be
round soon
ladies and gentlemen I think we just
found the robber but we need to be sure
hello Darwin what the hell have you got
that what I was just coming around you
asked me to come round I usually have
problems of this but I didn't like give
me a hand
no way put your hands like saying why
would I do that there's a handcuff in
your head what we're gonna do let your
hand off me
no downs you've done a good job of
protecting yourself so far I still have
lots of questions for you but 437 a.m.
someone broke into the malls mansion
dressed up in a mess and stole my new
clothes I've already broken once every
boring to do the same plate twice well
no actually darn it makes perfect sense
you don't live in the new mold mansion
that's why you came I can absolute
madhouse I literally would rather live
in that skip you've got on your drive
okay darling you know thinking about it
maybe that does make sense sport there's
still one more question that I have for
you before I let you go so the robber
broke in and stole the new Halloween
merch do you know you got a Halloween
Mercia car maybe maybe you didn't know
or maybe you did know and you saw it as
a perfect opportunity to get some nice
clothes to help out your terrible face
if you think your Halloween merch it's
gonna be prime artery mom well Darwin
looks like it's not you I know he saw me
this Koufos are killing me you're gonna
get me out of him now because I'm
getting a bit frustrated I didn't notice
that you are wearing a jacket what do
you mean wearing a jacket in winter
course I'm wearing a jacket call it
doesn't feel cold to me Darrin could you
be possibly hiding something under the
house no don't do that
don't
I know your worries
there's nothing under there no merge
nothing at all don't want you showing it
my belly's ages is septum that triathlon
I'm not exactly at my best
you know what Darwin I'm sorry okay it's
not you this time
but that leaves me with one suspect
killer digit so I'm afraid there's no
time to an Hank of you I've got to go
bye dad Darin there's no longer a
suspect but that means our leaves us
with one suspect Kira
Bridget and I know the perfect way to
catch her
huh hello
Bridget how lovely of you to join us
today after your antics yesterday I mean
this is not a time for jokes kara
together and that puzzle has led me
right to you
and you're gonna have to answer every
one of my questions where were you at
437 a.m. last night I was I was having a
buff app are you having a bath you
having a bath at 437 I don't think you
work here I think you were stealing
learn the dog move I have my own
superior better much
why would yours see that kind of would
lead me to believe that you would want
to steal mine you exactly why it was
didn't you you knew it was in my office
on the manikins
you knew that you could take it yeah
Morgan and that would make sense but I
already have my Halloween costume and
I'm wearing it right now very fattening
you know maybe alright maybe there
wasn't any of them maybe wasn't care
maybe it wasn't dad maybe wasn't mom
maybe it wasn't mine
maybe we'll we'll never we'll never know
who it was
I'm sorry Kara you can go you're free
but Kara before they leave I don't ask
for one more thing take off the bass you
know I'm making on me I'm gonna see when
we pass / if you really all make it
under that I've turned off the light
okay it's a bit of a weird request but
okay I guess
I know I have the best suit but was
scary because it's pink so I wanted to
clean the dog for Halloween
so Kara does listening you're gonna give
me back the rest of the merch said I can
top it right now fatigue moves
that is super limited edition if you
want to Halloween okay
breaking the scripture pop it right now
when you can be the spookiest peace out
