you'll never find someone like me that's
the point
Pelham tea mugs and welcome back to
another video today I'm gonna be showing
you some of the funniest tags between
ex-girlfriend's ex-boyfriends and we're
basically just gonna be chilling and
laughing at them so sit down get your
popcorn get a drink I've got a drink you
get your merch on and let's let me do
this so this guy got message from his
crazy ex congratulations on getting
engaged
that's not PG words let's replace that
with awesome dudes congratulations on
getting gauged awesome dude I never ever
let's replace that with flipping I've
never flipping talking to you again PG
so this means you're going to leave me
alone that's exactly what it means
flipper best present ever thank you
that's a little over port twist hey my
friend changed all my contact name so
can you tell me who you are you know
this guy's clear just trying to figure
out what it's casual conversation
nothing wrong with that and then they're
like what does it say yo I've got a
feeling someone is about to get exposed
Oh
again not very PG oh wow and by the way
is Caroline your ex diam he changed her
name to the B word his ex-girlfriend boy
or did he owe
I guess he didn't change this one
whoa hey you free tonight who who is who
is this you know who this is
sorry um no I I don't stop being I'm we
what we dated for two flippin years Wow
okay that's right it's Satan o-m-g hey
long time no talk let's keep it that way
well he was just trying to be nice being
irritated but he was probably just gonna
ask how your day was or take you out for
a nice meal maybe buy some mugs much and
you just said that like come on bruh
that's just savage like we got a savage
over here I miss you come back to me yo
guys this is pretty sad obviously the ex
misses him or her how they're gonna get
back together though you know what I've
got a good feeling about this one guys I
tell you what everybody go down there
and smash that like button let's try and
get 50,000 likes and I've got feeling if
we can hit that goal this couple are
gonna get back together and it's gonna
be a happy everything I'm happy and for
our happier how Perret happy ever happy
ever happier okay okay yeah you know I
mean where are you
my apartments go to the window
yo guys I think this is where they gonna
get back together everybody drop a like
on the video it's gonna happen three two
one yeah
jump okay who didn't leave like it was
Walia hey babe don't talk to me I'm just
sorry I cheated on you give me another
chance your eyes sparkle like the stars
you had of them it was the wonderful
love and your beauty takes my broker
perfo we you know what I actually
thought you took my breath away but but
but what I just realized that I was
simply suffocating from your BS before
we look at the rest of these guys I just
want to ask you a question I'm not gonna
like the reason why I'm reacting to
these tags is because in the past you
know there has been a few times where I
have been rejected over text I remember
times what had message girls and I'd be
like hey do you want to come chill at
mine or hey should we go have a nice
romantic walk around the park and they'd
always say no Morgan we don't like you
and I'd be there like what is it is it
me is it my face it's because I'm too
ugly for you guys
I'll go through tough time right now bro
help me I was subscribed to the channel
I need you guys right now bruh one time
I literally said to a girl hey you want
to sleep at my house tonight
you know just casual we're only like 12
oh just gonna be a fun night you know do
you want to know what she said to me she
said no Morgan I'd rather stay by myself
I was having peace a tonight and thought
of you
that was our thing I had some baby
carrots earlier and thought of you're
moving on you need to move on and forget
about me how am I supposed to forget
about you when every time I go outside I
see things that remind me of you garbage
bins and dog poo oh this is just me or
is it getting here much good morning
beautiful nice little nice little line
day no nothing wrong with that cheeky
little bit cheeky I give that first line
the little 7 out of 10
excuse me check who you're texting it's
not looking good for him so far guys I'm
texting the most gorgeous girl in the
world
yo Loki what if this is the one guys
where they get back together I'm feeling
good about this I've got good feeling
look I'm really sorry about the break-up
I've come to realize that you grew to be
a part of me
the one-and-a-half years we dated please
take me back I can't live without you
come on guys really sweet right surely
they're gonna get back together we dated
for four weeks and you broke up with me
yesterday wrong eggs
I think his reaction says it all there
he's had a little Bevis thinking that
there's no coming back from that he's
ruined it not only can he not get the
other eggs
he can't get her either
yup that guy's not mine is screwed right
there he messed up he messed up bad and
that ladies and gentlemen is why you
don't save your ex-girlfriends as X in
your phone because then which X is which
hey are you all know to be honest guys
if this one was texted to me I would
definitely be old I don't know if you
guys know this YouTube grind it's boy am
I now we don't sleep
we're like aliens from another country
we're just always awake we haven't
talked in like three weeks yo there's a
lot of time I miss you and it's cold I
wish we could cuddle Oh trust me if I
was there I'd warm you up by setting you
on fire
that is pretty flippin brutal right
there I miss you babe I miss you okay
that isolated quickly ah I knew you
missed me too nope just showing you what
you're missing out on this is savage but
I can't take this much savagery come on
babe I miss you why don't you come over
right now we can go over to my room lay
in beds you can show me how you really
feel about me huh I don't have enough
middle fingers to show you how I really
feel about you
whoa that is I miss you I miss you too
whoa yo guys we've done it
one of them have got back together I
think we've done it guys I think we
found one ha ha ha
April Fool's f you just what I thought
we found one that got back together it
was an April Fool's joke okay guys I am
about to show you the single most savage
one yet this one is breaking the
boundaries of Sam
you gotta take from your ex-girlfriend
she says miss you okay
usually responded with like maybe like a
message say how you feel if you don't
think it's gonna work just say you know
III don't like it if you want to get
back together say you miss her to this
guy hitter with the I D see I don't care
how can you respond to someone saying
they're missing you with three letters
that is like replying K after someone
sends a paragraph to you you just don't
do that
you a B word a B word is a female dog
dogs bark bark comes from trees trees
come from nature and nature is beautiful
thanks for the compliment yo guys Loki I
don't think there's any coming back from
that
he got roasted you're right but trees
also get turned into toilet paper which
I use to wipe with you're welcome okay
yo my my young brain cannot take that
amount of flippin savagery oh okay hold
on guys this one may be the craziest one
out of all of them they think I regret
the most is that it took me this long to
figure out who you really are and what
you're all about and I couldn't be more
disciplined cool story bro pointed bra
seriously she said how disappointed she
is in you and you reply with cool story
bro so guys what I need to do is comment
down below which text message you think
was the most savage out of all of these
in the comment section below and also
less China and get 50,000 likes on this
video I have an 850 thousand lights in
such a long time so I'm gonna need
everybody watching this the table
and a bullet train that like bug eyes
how crazy would it be
if we get 50,000 lights from this video
like they'll be insane and also guys if
you're new to my channel and you've
never seen my face before
I'm morgues welcome to the channel and
if you're not already a part of team
balls go down there and smash that
subscribe button join the strongest
family on YouTube and also guys caught
meself some merch if you want I'm
wearing the mg Zed t-shirt right now is
literally such good merch guys I can't
take this stuff off I'm addicted to it
the link to that will also be down there
in the description as well as all my
other social medias guys this is really
important everybody watching this right
now I am only a few thousand followers
off of five hundred thousand on
Instagram so I want you guys to all go
over to my Instagram and say you got
sent from YouTube and I'm gonna be
following loads you back DMing you guys
let's get the insta squad growing it's
so fucking weird
thank you all so much for watching I
hope you've enjoyed and I'll see you in
my next video peace out
