please please don't cry baby baby baby
no babe
they please babe I'm sorry babe I'm
sorry she's not happy is she she's real
happy guys usually this is the part of
the video where a high pop one's gonna
be doing I tell you guys how crazy it's
gonna be bought for this video it is
literally so epic that it needs no
introduction boys and girls ladies and
gentlemen goldfishes and all the fishes
today i'm going to be pulling the vibe
our craziest most savage prank I have
ever done before even I feel bad about
what I'm going to do in this video and I
haven't even done it yet it's obviously
not a prank on me there Morgan because
she telling me yeah mom you need to keep
him off shot though
in this video I am going to be proposing
to Cara for a prank that is disgraceful
ever since I met her she's been saying
how I'm not really the prank King and
it's about time I show her why they call
me the prank King no yes guys today make
it all up to London again for the
Christmas she thinks that we're just
going away to you know do some shopping
and stuff but really I have created a
master plan I am going to propose to
Cara while we're in London in the same
hotel that we met sure she's gonna say
yes already subscribed what the hell are
you doing on this channel we bring you
the craziest primes on YouTube the
craziest challenges on YouTube the
craziest everything on YouTube if you're
not subscribed what were you missing out
so go down there hit that subscribe
button also why I need you guys to do
maybe when I proposed to care if she
says yes I'm not telling a prank and
I'll just go through a bit so everybody
smash
the video right now give me some good
look I can't wait to see what she says
comment down below what you think she's
gonna say but guys we're gonna go
upstairs now get ready to go off to
London and I'll see you when I'm on the
way
scre scre pulling in to London let's do
this so baby can you tell where we've
arrived I liked it you like it yeah so
what is this place Cara a hotel well
what why is this hotel special why did I
booked this hotel for us guys this is
the first place we ever met right here
so whenever there's a special occasion
this is the place we go isn't it what
what's the special occasion
you're gonna have to wait and see so
Cara welcome to the room check this out
yo babes we got a balcony same get it
open babe get it open guys check this
out oh my gosh we have got the biggest
balcony of all time right here I'm just
a kid from like Sheffield with a dream
and now like every weekend I'm staying
these crazy places like I am literally
stood here like every single weekend
like wow this just gets crazy and
crazier my life is just so crazy and I'm
so thankful to you guys so guys I paid
for this room because I wanted a balcony
so chanology guys I went down to the
reception hoped him dead in the eye and
I said no I didn't I was a lot nicer
than that but anyway you chewed away
free toes dude photos jeez Oh talk about
upgrade
okay guys some carriers went to the
toilet for a poo and basically guys it's
been a while since I updated you on the
whole marriage situation and guys it is
still going down what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna take care out on a fancy meal on a
fancy date I'm actually gonna take her
to the first restaurant we ever went on
so just to make this even crazier we're
in the same hotel with Matt and we're
going to the first restaurant we ever
went to together and then I'm gonna
bring her back I'm gonna sit it out here
on the balcony with this view in the
background and I'm gonna pop the
question
so we've just got sat down in a nice
restaurant in London this is one of the
first places we ever went together and
never ate food together this is one of
our first dates ever we literally got
the same star fill it with eight the
first time we went on a date that is
believed to lead y'all come on tell me
listen remember we're gonna devour this
star guys get some food in the bellies
because for what's happening later we
need to be prepared
what's up in later I don't know maybe a
little surprise for you better oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god what have I got myself into
here guys we just got back in tears in
the bathroom I've shot every door in
here I swear to you I have never been
more nervous for a prank in my life the
thing is guys usually with pranks every
single one I kind of know what's gonna
happen so if I prank mom
I know she's gonna freak out if I prank
Kara I know she's gonna be skeptical if
I probably dad I know he's gonna get
angry like I know what's gonna happen
with the price but guys with this one I
absolutely no clue anything could happen
Kiera could say yes and then I am put in
the most awkward situation ever
Kiera could say no and then I just look
like a flipping mug honestly guys I do
feel really really bad the prank hasn't
even started yet and I already feel bad
for Cara believe or not guys I do have
emotions and although I am the prank
King this is by far the furthest I've
ever taken a prank and the first I'm
ever probably going to take a prank I
realize this is a pretty crazy thing to
do I realized some of you guys are
probably gonna be mad at me but boys and
girls that is what we do on this channel
with prank kings we do crazy stuff ah
let's flippin do this okay Kyra
I don't really know glad to start here
if y'all can I certainly this right here
it's literally the pavement that we
first laid eyes on the night of the part
where we first met this was where we
were introduced and this is literally
what happened and now here we are again
literally I don't know about you did you
yeah this has been really crazy for me
and I honestly can't believe this you
saw not even sure what I'm doing but
maybe all I know is you're the best
person I've ever met
I care about you more than anyone I
think beautiful on the inside of our
I just want to say baby
ah
I mean it's just sentimental just it's a
good thing to look back on it's just
like Frank just just it's all about him
just like just one not a lot of them
Lamia what do you mean thank you
yeah I just thought yep I just thought
show it with YouTube and everybody just
just give me one just give me no no but
I babe I swear babe I swear just get
just give me an answer please
what do you mean you've had with my own
rain babe that's not your listing wrong
with you babe notice it wait babe
seriously stop so baby little baby bit
okay baby cameras off cameras off comes
up big covers all been put please please
don't cry babe baby babe no babe they
please babe I'm sorry babe I'm sorry
she's not happy she she's really happy I
knew this was too far oh my god yeah I'm
gonna have to go Astra guys I've tried I
don't know what to do after telling baby
baby please let me in baby
caroms I'm sorry I said before I was
filming I was worried about this and I
should really I tell you all the time I
tell you all the time on which I care
about you yeah but all the time you know
I do please babe babe no just just talk
with me I never took it Bobby's just a
prime it does work for real I promised
those words a real think I'm no big
listen babe I promise
how about you more than anybody okay
anybody know they honestly please
I did this for the video but maybe I
just you know maybe I'll just buy I
liked her for your nice no babe just
please honestly I promise the prank was
too far but every word I said I meant
there's a reason you want me here isn't
that the only reason I'm here right now
so you can film video so you can bake I
wanted to come away and surprise you
with this it's not I love every day in
my life okay every single day but I
didn't I didn't mean for to feel like
that I know this plan was far off and
I'm sorry and I should have done it and
I accept that but it doesn't change the
fact that I care about you more than
anybody and I'm sorry for it and I
really did mean everything I say I know
he's upset you okay no no I do I do i
film everything because it's my money
it's what I do for my subscribers and I
know this is a bad thing to film and I
surely even done this in the first place
but it doesn't change the father is
still real I enjoy the marriage part
guys am i I think I am I think I'm
muscle I really don't know what to say I
just want to say that to everybody
that's saying to me morgg's I was too
far
ii-i've done a lot of pranks in the past
which you guys have said were too far
and for a lot of them I thought yeah you
know it was pretty far but for this I
agree with you guys actually I'm it was
a a bit it was just a bit too much in a
way guys as bizarre as it sounds a lot
of me was hoping that you know Kara may
have just you know said yes I don't know
maybe just a bit a little bit from it
was just a bit too scared to you know
say the truth so I put it into a video
but um guys I I mean I hope you've
enjoyed this every word that came out of
my mouth I said to Kara I meant
she's the best person I've ever met in
my life and the nicest person I've ever
met in my life I just didn't think it
was gonna go like that and I'm sorry to
everybody and I'm not sure what's gonna
happen from here but guys I'll be back
tomorrow with another video subscribe if
you're new or leave a like and yeah guys
um I'll see you in the a see you in the
next one
