good morning good morning good hello T
fogs unloading and welcome back to
another video today is episode one of my
new series being youtubers for the day
this is my brand new series where I
tries to become another youtuber for the
day and do everything like them today as
you know we're doing logan paul no guys
personally logan Paul's one of my
favorite youtubers i watch it like every
day oh I want to know guys do you watch
Logan Paul if you watch local ploy
remember to go down there and smash that
like bone and also guys comment down
below who your favorite youtuber is who
you want me to do the next one of these
videos on and also guys if you're new to
my channel and you didn't know already
I'm loading every single day this
December I'm pinning an iTunes and
Google Play gift card in the comment
section so if you want to win yourself
some free money over on the malls
channel subscribe on get like on the
video
get them notifications turned on and
guys let's start this day as Logan Paul
pokes me to dab Bob transition dab is
another if I can old me and my dad was a
good I'm a bit foster both homes yes
that's it
and what is he doing
hey hey what are you doing Justin I'm
just signing autographs London Paul
signs autographs a lot I'm just yes sir
yeah okay if I want to be local Paul for
a day I've got to look like him and I
don't know if you can tell but my arms
aren't very big looking for some big
arms so I just thought I'd drop us off
on some definition Wow
there we go you're the Logan Paul it's
gonna make me look like the man itself
oh yes
yo this is good so guys you're looking
at me thinking that's more that's not
Logan Paul you know he's just he's just
moss baby ready to beat up Jay Kapoor
now one thing that's similar about me
and Logan Paul is we both you know
handsome guys I mean he is well you
should totally try say another thing
that makes us similar is we both have
cute dogs
he's got tongue I've got your man Pogo I
mean seriously guys who's not the cute
dog what we need to do is comment down
below Cong or Pogo but seriously guys to
help you to help me decide I think we
need to have a pogo compilation montage
darling
guys conch is a pretty flippin cute dog
but uh I don't know Kara I'm thinking
more towards Pogo I'm thinking pong pong
taepung now guys we all know Logan Paul
we all know he's got some pretty dope
toss he's got you know the bus he's got
the 4x4 I don't really know what he call
it I'm not very good with cars no guys I
caught on the Mocs Tyler may not be you
know Logan poor bus that nerd but it's
pretty good isn't it mom I love it
so without further ado check out the
Ranger
we'll get you have a package a bucket
yeah it's much what is it Frank King no
pub life no of course it's mg said right
maverick
oh sure guys you know how I always say
you know my merge the Moors merge the
poke life the mg said the pranking the
prank we the m8 is the highest merch on
YouTube well apparently so does Logan
Paul he's going maverick merch I've
heard a lot of good things about this
merge you know I've heard that it's good
I heard it's maybe maybe even as good as
mine so why did I went out I bought some
I bought some local merch and today I'm
gonna be putting up against the Pug life
some first impressions guys number one
I've been waiting for this bullying
package for how long Kara you know piers
few years guys the shipment isn't great
but hey let's put that to the side it's
not about how long it tastes like off
it's about what's in the bag as you can
see you guys on the front you've got
this lovely maverick logo so Kara pick
this for me I'm not really sure what she
ordered me you just said she was good
old me some merch so I could test it so
I mean I guess let's crack into this and
see honest see how it looks for me I'm
not sure what it is it looks like it's a
t-shirt here what's this teacher it's a
women's yeah it's a small woman's see if
I was Logan Paul you know if I were a
tire top you know like muscles would be
popping out and I've my pecs popping out
my guns popping out but I'm just more
okay it's gonna be my belly popping now
okay so let's see if Lee's drawn on ABS
really do work and make me look pretty
ripped in this one poor match okay guys
here goes nothing
duck Duck Duck Wow you're yeah they look
great I mean come on you're a mellow
employer I've got the arms I've got the
Maverick Mitch I've got the chest okay
so I've got the appearance guys of Logan
Paul the next step is what does Logan
Paul do a lot in this box Karen
he breaks plates none really knows why
does it but he does it you guys on my
channel on the team molds Channel
we know that I am the prank King I like
my mom a lot oh yeah you are
I want you to become a just walking and
smush after sports six new planes
you've just smashed to push you've made
scratches all over my floor Logan Paul
taught me to be a maverick you need to
be a man not a maverick medal and stop
doing silly things Logan if you are if
you're if you're watching this you are
you a mime own you fall so now that I've
mastered the
parents have mastered the plate smashing
I've mastered everything one more thing
that we haven't got onto is Logan Paul's
friends his entourage his people in his
vlogs now Logan Paul seems to have gone
through quite a few assistants he had a
lot now he's got the earth what's her
name you you you watch you I'm talking
about Smallwood's bob is my system right
here obviously one thing that me and
Logan share is we both have a female
like I don't know if they're actually
together I'm not trying for false
accusations out there anything but I
have a female right here any Logan's
blog she'll often break things and then
make his assistant pick them off do you
see where this is going
hey Carol look I bought your candle oh
no I dropped it pick it up pick it up
pick it up pick it up okay there you go
Thank You assistant hey so guys have you
seen my Christmas tree oh no I knocked
over the Christmas tree looks like my
assistants gonna pick it up because I'm
too busy blogging tap tap tap oh come on
okay so guys the final thing we need to
do to complete this book to make this
for a lobe Lumpur vlog we plugged the
merge we broke a play we've got the
appearance but there's one more thing
that Logan does all the time in this box
and if I want to truly be the next Logan
Paul or just D Logan Paul I'm gonna have
to do it myself
ladies and gentlemen Logan team mugs
let's do an action fight scene and I
can't think of a perfect person to do it
against drop a like on the video
subscribe
you to join the more gang and let's go
and fight
I stuffed on a door just guys team walks
ah if you think I make a good Logan Paul
remember to go down there smash that's a
quick smash that subscribe on guys
and also remember to comment down below
what videos think I should do next
Jake Paul maybe comment it down below
but seriously guys if you're new here if
you're from Logan this channel I would
appreciate so much if you could
subscribe to me
I don't know care what do you think your
fan blows and Paul do you think I'll
make a good Logan Paul ah leave a
comment down below and I'll maybe do a
different YouTube receive I'm Barrett
then also guys remember copy or pulp
live merge it have any bearing on exam
like wearing this hold on hey guys who
plays merch go cops um right now I still
think it's the highest merch on YouTube
no you do be do be do be log scale or
just click the link in the description
below that Ryan hey hey thanks for
watching the video and as always I'll be
more blown every single day this
December come back tomorrow at 6 p.m.
for another video
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video peace out
