I've got a bunch of disguises and I'm
gonna be spending the next 24 hours
following by Kiera for now guys Kara's
been acting really suspicious over the
last few days she's always on the phone
texting and it seems like it might be
another guy so that's why today PG
mobile have challenged me to get
stealthy and find out the truth I've got
a bunch of disguises and I'm gonna be
spending the next 24 hours following
care but just before we start guys make
sure you go down there and smash a
subscribe button we are so close to 6
million and I need your help to get
there they don't call me the challenge
king for nothing guys go down there and
subscribe right now but I think it's
time to start the challenge so 7
number-one guys as I usually have to do
with a 24 hour challenge you have to
break it now I left my window open so I
can pull the out but something tells me
this isn't gonna be as easy as it looks
my stupid lanky 6 foot free tree trunk
locking body I don't fit through this
window very easily oh we gotta try guys
nothing guys know their informants also
falling down
shut your eyes you owe money I think I'm
just a yeah
what's an easy yes one like Eagles one
prayer I think I just broke my back
doing that guys thinking right now
talking about guys mum is actually in on
the prank I told him what I was doing so
if I try and sneak up on them in there
maybe I can get closer listen of what
they're actually talking about
not wellness not
kara said she was gonna use my office to
edit her video guys I told of a boy I
would not use my office is private
property
I think she's coming I need to get in
disguise number one mr. mannequin I'm
gonna need to borrow your clothes
mr. mannequin I'm sorry but you've been
replaced guys if you have an article the
ultimate team holds match this is your
last chance after you move start over
link in description guys but right now
we need to guess into mannequin
she's gonna try and get the hoodie off
for me Oh maaan stolen her I need to get
these clothes back on the mannequin
right now through you guys the mannequin
is all dressed again we need to go super
suspicious guys it seems like maybe
she's trying to hide so still I think
guys we only have one option go into
stealth
boom this time it's gonna be stealth
mode porgy style
and then this lovely bulging mythology
for favor up by the way you peed and
this awesome ghillie suit in games so I
went out and ordered my own deeply soon
tonight I'm gonna change it into this
I'm gonna head out to the woods again
position and see what Kara gets up to
guys sorry I was just taking it now I'm
in the woods as you can tell I've got
the ghillie suit on I think I'm pretty
camouflage I don't think there's any
chance Kara's gonna be able to see me I
just went on find my friends and Kara
just left the house which mean we've
probably got about eight minutes until
she gets here and what can I do with
eight minutes play a game of my favorite
poop G mobile good G mobile is the
mobile version of play unknown
battlegrounds it's free to play battle
royale on iOS and and right now and play
one of the faster paced arcade modes
because we only have eight minutes until
terrorized look guys there's never a
wrong time to play poop t-mobile Oh guys
I think I can hear karak√∂y I'm in a
squad game right now what do you think
can they get the win without me
luckily guys you can speak with your
squad in pub G mobile so I think I've
got to say something to those squad
mates you need to be noble warriors and
you need to win this game without me
all right guys back into the game later
we need to get back into stealth mode
and hide from Kara because I think I can
hear a footsteps let's see if we can
figure out what the hell is going on
with my girl guys I can hear her coming
this is it I'm getting in position here
we go guys stealth mode activate
hi hi how are youse that's not cool yeah
I'm okay yeah what are you doing oh
really
guys she's just talking to just go go
unser maybe master shears take Stan
earlier nice I can't see her anymore
I think we need to catch up with her and
see what she's saying nice
I just wish and myself I'm behind this
little tree branch thing here I think I
can see Kara coming in the distance I
savoring a closer listen of what she's
talking about and who she's talking to
no his bomb she couldn't see where it
was coming from because I think le su
actually worked what did you guys think
she was talking about who was she
talking to she said she can't wait to
see the person whatever they're talking
about is big and she's excited what is
going on here guys I don't want to jump
to any conclusions but it kind of
sounded like she was talking to another
guy you're gonna sneak out of here guys
and find somewhere else to hide we need
to see what else is going on oh my god
guys I'm in the new position I've just
hopped over a flipping River I'm
positive about this is care is a slow
Walker so I just keep going around her
and she has no idea I can see you in the
distance she's definitely coming in this
direction I'm gonna kill you up over
here and we can hopefully get to the
bottom of what's going on here
yeah okay so um yeah what what time do
you want to meet them so we can do this
about an hour
oh my god okay yeah that's so soon I'll
go back now and get ready yeah another
finger
don't tell Morgan if he finds out he's
snitching we're gonna get so jealous and
I don't want him to be upstairs you're
not gonna tell him yeah
please Oh tell him you're not okay just
between me and you
what on earth is going on here guys okay
remember when I said it was starting to
sound like she's seen another guy hi my
back that basically confirms it she said
don't tell Morgan he's gonna get jealous
so tell Mork and he's gonna get jealous
the flippin serious Keira I go for one
day and this is what you get up to you
know what Kira you want to steal the
guys when I leave for a day you wanna go
on walks in the woods and call different
guys and text them you wanna meet them
and do things yeah guess what I'm gonna
have to be the one to expose it in front
of all of team mugs
I'm gonna get back to the house right
now before she does see if I can film
anything I'm just gonna have to follow
her in disguise something in the wall
yes with someone sound
like another are you watching this and
Ivan you I don't know we were talking
about how big it is on the phone and how
excited yes excited yes
I don't know general it sounds like it
may be something that's inappropriate to
say on camera
Oh Cara she's fucked already guys guys
that listen I need to get to the ball
the balls going on they said they were
gonna meet later I need to figure out
where that good at me I've got an idea
what you may not like it I'm gonna
pretend to be you listen to what she's
saying
you've got cheese strings I love it you
gotta ask her what she's doing
why she's going and I'm gonna be
listening us ball bouncing let's do this
Morgan
and so the rest of the day anyone I know
okay where you go this is another I'll
tell you I was so worried about you
reading Sheffield and everything and not
knowin a German nobody
yeah you know okay okay yeah
okay
why is going on someone else Morgan I
don't like to say this but it looks like
here's me and someone else another boy
God what the hell do we do follow ya
follow the maloca you need to find out
but Morgan how you gonna do that cause
she's gonna recognize you actually mom
now that I mentioned I have the perfect
idea
you'll see
oh I'm sorry to say this you just
actually crying right now guys I'm about
to head to the address Cara gave Mom I
spread crazy I'm gonna sneak up behind
I'm gonna see who she meets and we're
finally gonna get to the bomb of what
Cara was doing with this other person
everybody just before we head out the
door make sure you comment down below
right now and tell me who you think the
person is that care has been speaking to
and what you think she's been doing or
guys I can't wait any longer
let's get back into trade crates and man
let's get out there and find out the
truth
two thousand years later also good
pretty creeks in here reporting live
from there are some that care is going
to be eating out it doesn't like Arizona
guys which means we probably have some
time to spare my favorite youtuber mom
said I should check up poop t-mobile
through your boy Craig creeks and
downloaded the game boys were talking
and talking right now this game was
about to hit you guys that was stupid I
deserve to win
guys is Cara I think thrived
I don't believe me she's likely right
there
guys I think this is a it looks like
she's waiting for whoever she was gonna
be she obviously hasn't noticed the
disguise she's literally sat right there
what do we do I think we just gotta wait
and see who the hell turns on guys I've
just been sat here waiting for the past
10 minutes she's just been sat there no
one's
well that guy looks Oh shades or
they just hoped they just hooked who the
hell is that why see we've care eyes
what the hell is going on I need to get
closer look great creaks it's on the
moon but where they go in where the hell
are they doing hell guys should I follow
them what do I do
yeah
she just said I'm glad Morgan's not here
he would be so jealous and then that
stupid guy whoever is said he would be
so jealous if he found out bro what the
hell is going on over Oh guys I'm really
sad right now this basically just
confirmed that Kara has seen another guy
when I'm not around now guys what the
hell do I do do I post in there see what
the stupid guy is tell her how it is and
get angry or do I just walk away and
just leave them you know what guys I'm
gonna go in there I need to find out who
this guy is
here is cheating on me with guys make
sure you subscribe to the channel if
you're not already I'm gonna bust in
there I'm gonna do this here we go guys
hello can I help you
camera it's me I think the real question
we've got to ask here is voodoo in here
Oh having dinner is that what you call
it here little do you know I've been
following you all day in the woods hired
a ghillie suit on I heard you on the
phone had a bald cap on I was pretending
to be Martin even pretended to be the
mannequin I've caught you with this
stupid guy right here nothing's wrong
with me what's up with you what's wrong
with you I leave you for a day and
you're sat here with someone else it's
not normal relationship behavior Kyra
has no pump of you be with other people
but what's going on here is more than
you just be with another person I heard
what he said on the phone how'd you say
it was big oh you say you're excited
what the hell are you talking about I
will have no answers right now or this
is over
please just calm down I can explain
clearly there's nothing to explain
you've been poor even caught on camera
and you're about to get exposed and may
look stupid in front of team laws you've
just been caught it's over with
doughnuts finish oh wait wait wait wait
wait just look at wall yes I see it well
I know you have another guy you want to
try make me jealous you said I'd be
jealous if I found it I know you made me
jealous I don't know some what'd you do
that I thought we loved each other I
thought we had a connection this is what
you're doing in your free time trying to
make me jealous what with the guys
Morgan actually look at him
Morgan is me manager Jack what are you
playing at I'll just helping care of a
few things
Jack my manager Jack what are you doing
wait hold on a second something doesn't
add up here how'd you explain the big
thing that you have said you were
excited for I heard on the phone girl I
heard everything you two think you can
get away with this but I know there's
something going on here he was getting
me a big one I'm very excited about it
some more money wait wait okay wait wait
wait why would I have been jealous of
that huh doc Kayla I didn't want to tell
you this Morgan but it's because they
said that my videos were better than
yours
so you're telling me that I traveled all
around the city following you dressed as
a bush an old man a mannequin and even
bald parts just to find out someone said
that her videos were better than mine
yeah no oh well Ellie's we still love
each going I guess I deserve that
Kirra are we are we friends again yeah
guys at least I've got pop GMO bar guys
now is your chance to join me and 100
million other people playing pop G
mellow violin the link to the app is in
the description below right at the top
you can't miss it you can play at home
you can play in the forest just as a
bush you can play out and about what
dresses and old man there's never a
wrong time to play thanks again to put G
for sponsoring this video and setting me
on at this awesome a challenge today
guys if you haven't already make sure
you cut the new Ultimate Team old merch
guys don't even have to say you guys
know how to team mode do it we sell
everything how you guys are loving the
job so far but if you haven't got it
yeah I'm speaking to you you need to get
it right now before it sells out forever
I've been moves you've been awesome
peace out
