hello guys and welcome back to another
31 days of mogs
banger now today we're switching it up
and doing something I have never done
before one my followers tweeted me and
he said there's an abandoned water park
nearby to here and I thought what better
way to explore an abandoned water park
than to do a 24 hour overnight challenge
there oh my goodness guys I have no idea
what's gonna happen in this video now
obviously I knew this isn't a task I can
do alone so I have a professionally
formed team to help me hi guys
blazing tensile manure and you don't
know I'm uploading every single day this
December I'm pinning an iTunes or Google
Play card in the comment section of
every single video so remember if you're
not already since much that subscribe
button and get your notifications turned
on so you can be early to the next video
and get yourself a gift card a 24 hour
challenge now we're gonna need some
supplies off it's all gonna be places to
sleep we're gonna need things to eat
we're gonna need to stay hydrated and
see if we've got bald mind coming with
us as well we need extra supplies for
him since he's got bald head and you
know he needs extra food I I wasn't
intending to stay overnight
I was just intending to take you get you
inside in a safe place and then come
back for you tomorrow
I wasn't intended up a meal in the hotel
- no I can't stay by myself course she
can so more well in that it's important
to stay healthy we need to say with
vitamins in store Fitzsimmons mom the
green apple the slightly reddish green
that's pretty ridiculous we've got a
pair
it was another pair and then maybe we
should get okay guys moving on guys I'm
gonna take some orange juice because it
keeps you hydrated but it's also nice
and it's healthy too so numbers I must
think promise thing imma stick diner and
then maybe we should just yeah it ain't
that healthy but just you just put that
in there moon about yogurt Oh mom I like
your thinking natural yogurt this is a
perfect snack boys and girls what about
some ham you know what month why don't
we take it from flipping ham
I can do like an I'm not staying whoa oh
come on ma I'll go with you and then
maybe for a personal favorite of mine is
Nutella on Hannah's Nutella on Hamlet
Ella on hands and then maybe we should
take one of these are not know knows
well the food dyes y'all give me some
other things to keep us safe
these are the special eye protective
goggles definitely not just sunglasses
so I'm gonna put these on right now
above my eyes are protected from
anything that could be in the abandoned
water park what'd you do just pocus if
you can see my finger poking yes I can
see it what it doesn't hurt because the
eye protector goggles and also Gotti's
series we're gonna be sleeping over that
we may need a pillow ah
what if while we go another water pot
one of us drops our phones and breaks it
and then we have no way no way to
contact me my toes will do no I have the
solution for you the brand-new fog light
phone cases I've got one for you mom
imma take one for me guys if you wanna
get a brand new book life phone case
best-selling super fast guys they've
almost sold out after like a few days
guys so guys link in the description
we do be da Wolfe Co get yourself a
brand new phone case before they gone
forever and on that note guys the team
is assembled
we've got supplies we're all ready we're
gonna get off now and get to this water
park so guys we've just arrived at the
location and we wasn't sure if it was
actually gonna be here guys it is here
it's pretty crazy isn't it guys so guys
are you ready for the big reveal
bye you anymore yeah are you anymore
y'all but wait wait wait guys guys guys
I think this moment is worthy of
cinematix right yes right yes right role
mothers
okay guys so that is what we're dealing
with it doesn't really look like a water
part it looks like what does it look
like yeah but I think there is a pool
around the other side it's a little bit
crazy but as you can see guys is
absolutely destroyed there's graffiti
everywhere there's high fences there's
gonna be tricky to get him but mom I'm a
cake and up the steps and show them what
it actually looks like from the inside
come on guys let's all go up look at
this look at those there little boat
things guys you've got chairs here
you've got innocent chairs that need
owners got bits of wood and another one
round there the question is mom how do
we get into here come do it do it you
get through this is a pretty skeptical
area guys we're gonna need to be safe
we're gonna need to be careful we're
gonna need to be sensible guys does this
not just look a little bit creepy
a padlock gay which kind of smells like
poop yeah I'm gonna stay away from there
guys we're scouting the area we found
possible entryway number one what we can
do guys if I put my foot on that lift
myself up and then put my phone there I
could easily go over here so this is
entryway number one we're gonna keep
looking those severs in either your ways
cuz mom I think it's struggle I ain't
got long legs like you for what we found
here guys next to this entrance is a
mini golf
it's mini golf guys look at that and
then also down there that's the pool
that's the pool down there is an actual
water pot guys there's a flippin ball
guys so we found the front entrance and
check this out this looks even worse
look at this all the windows are
barricaded and open and this is the main
entrance it's all like overgrown there's
graffiti everywhere the doors are all
boarded show with graffiti then look at
this the whole bloody roof has just been
like torn off I don't even have a clue
what this place is guys but it's
absolutely ridiculous mommy is asserting
down there is that a chain mum is that a
they changed look at that there's just a
chain dangling guys this place is
absolutely crazy okay guys it turns out
that this
the best way to gain there wasn't many
other options so I guess let's do it
guys let's go for it okay I'm not sure
what to do about this you're like a
monkey guys the Yeezys may be destroyed
after that so guys now it's your turn
you ready Martin wait what
guys come on get away cut guys the guys
seriously guys come on no wait guys guys
seriously no guys guys guys guys okay
guys so apparently in here we've just
been told by one of the locals one of
the people who was in the balcony over
there this is an actual guard dog okay
one of the ladies she sat in the balcony
over there behind them she literally
just said to us be careful there's a
guard dog apparently a big one we asked
her like is it always around here she
said it's usually down there so I think
what we're gonna do is stay to this side
of it I don't know if my mom's gonna
come in because I don't think she can
even get anybody I think mom's gonna
come in we're gonna do a bit of
exploring and then we're just gonna get
the hell out of there guys we're gonna
try and stay for as long as we possibly
can
we're all on edge now because there's
apparently God I don't know if she's
saying that trying to scare us because
she don't want us in here but we're on
edge guys I'm super on edge I think
mom's gonna come in now the show must go
on ladies and gentlemen mine come on bro
you can do it you can do it more and you
can do it we'll take the dog will I
think it will have it mind we love it or
go online go on ma what you gotta do you
got to put your bomb down on you guys
always giving the other way he's got in
the other part looks like likes that was
smooth Martin bro that was smooth that
was someone now it's your turn you're
not coming in okay we'll see you later
guys as mom suggested we are gonna try
and look for a place that we can stay
tonight so we're gonna go look at these
cars over here because these are genuine
fully functioning
so we're gonna see what they are what do
you think the cars but what's that oh
it's a bone it's a dog bone
are you joking no everybody it'll try to
scare me or are you pranking me oh it's
just a wrong so we've just came over to
look at this hot that's over here we
look inside it there's a flippin fry pot
there's a flippin flip-flop in there oh
my god bro look at them cokes what are
they are they filled with poo I'm not
joking I think they might be filled with
pills scuse me can I have a 99 and a
coke please and now in our fucking a
coke please yes that'll be at one half
fifty please okay guys so we finished
exploring this bit but now it's time we
get into the cool stuff you know you may
be saying why is this a waterpark as you
can see guys this is an actual pool and
is literally ridiculous but just seeing
it with like no water in it is so
flippin weird like you've actually got a
slide there I mean admittedly it looks
like the worst slide ever but like I
mean it's still a slide but like check
that out how cool is that it's like all
abandoned behind there it just looks so
crazy you're gonna go down and explore
that now get some cool photos get some
cool shots oh my god bro this place is
actually insane so look guys this is the
next thing we're gonna explore the pours
down there but look my mind we got to
check out the mini-golf first look at
this this is an actual mini golf course
look at this like this I'm walking on
the mini golf and walking on the miracle
look at this oh my god wait bro bro bro
bro bro bro that's an overhanging castle
that is like cracking that is so flippin
scary like I'm running I'm staying far
away from that thing man that is gonna
collapse I can see it happening Wow mum
there's a stack of some beds
shake this omander guys this is
ridiculous
guys this is absolutely ridiculous can
you see all you guys seeing this there's
a stack of some beds down there is this
another pool maybe it's like a water pot
that's like built into a house but mine
we've got one more thing we need to
explore don't worry the pool
cool the pool the pool that isn't
actually a pool anymore but it was a
rant a rant a well our day to go down
the slide a day a broke on you can do it
guys first step into the pool there we
go
come on Mike you can do it Oh slide five
sighs this is a huge pool two guys I
know you can't probably tell but why
look at mine all the way over there this
is a giant pool
I've been start trying to think of you
know how to say this how to explain this
how to explain what happened but I
literally can't like I don't even I
don't even know guys I don't even know
but yeah to walk you guys through what
happened from start to finish as soon as
we got there were Scout in the area
basically I climbed over as you guys saw
and then one elderly woman that was
Santa bark and he actually said to us
she she didn't speak much English which
she was like dog like big dog you know
and she was like big dog and I spoke to
and I said is that a guard dog and she
was like big dog in there and it was all
going fine no sign of anything no sign
of any guard dogs no signs of anyone in
there loads of like food all around what
couldn't be thrown through like those
like cans and like there's even a
shopping bag I saw filled with stuff
that looked fairly fresh which kind of
creeped me out then what happened is
basically we heard a noise me and bottom
both clearly heard I spoke tomorrow we
both clearly heard it I don't think it
was this mystery dog I don't think it
was the dog guys but why was it it was
like a band and like a rustling wait
didn't like sound like um this is the
thing I'm still not even sure what it
was obviously the entire place was all
cracked it was on derelict there was no
one nothing in there it was literally
falling apart like the fences were
caving over so I was just thinking back
now we're just thinking about to
everything and maybe do think they could
have been just something falling over
and can smashing like into like some
leaves or something but obviously me
Martin was super on edge you saw Martin
you saw mum mum was even shouting - so
she heard something it was pretty clear
it sounded like it came from the other
side well like the abandoned warehouses
were and everything like the whole that
indoor part of it do I think it was an
angry guard dog looking back probably
not do I think there was someone in
there possibly
okay possibly if it was just like you
know it like a tree falling over on
I don't think it would have startled me
mom and Martin all at the same time guys
I need you to comment down below what
you think about this because I'm
personally not sure I have no clue what
it was I really hope you guys have
enjoyed it it's completely different I
don't usually do this so I really hope
you guys enjoyed it and if you haven't
already guys remember get yourself a pug
live phone case while they're still
available they're selling super duper
fast so once these things are gone they
are gone no coming back guys there's not
many left you guys are flipping lobbing
them so huge shout out to everybody
there's tops of public phone case
they're the cheapest item the most
highly requested item so they are going
so fast guys join the merged squad if
you haven't already go to
www.nasa.gov/station for watching
comment down below what you thought of
this and like the video if you want me
to do another one as always I've been
bored you guys been awesome and I'll see
you in my next video peace out
