guys I need to uh I need to show you
something I need to show you something
more I need to show you my facebook I
need your honest opinion okay free to
walk hello guys welcome back to another
video today I'm doing something but I
have never done before and it's gonna be
a banger now as you guys know quietly in
the past I've had makeup on my face my
mum did it for me once Carrie did my
eyelashes once and I've always thought
this doesn't look too good I don't
really like that I'll just follow the
lens as I was saying I've always thought
I don't really like this and today I'm
gonna be like Kara do my entire face of
makeup and I'm gonna be seeing if I like
it now guys if you want me to do Kara's
matrix for a video you did not agree to
this but if you want me to do Kara's
makeup let's try and shoot for 20,000
likes on this video Carrie do you think
we can do it guys smash that with a flip
and light button every single day this
December I'm pinning at iTunes or Google
Play card in the comment section so get
subscribed gay notifications turned on
and guys let's flip it do this now guys
I know this isn't a prank video but the
perfect opportunity has just opened up
for me do you guys know how I dropped
these pull iPhone cases a few days ago
quick side note they are already almost
sold out so if you want one of these
link in the description you're gonna
have to be quick
bye as you can see I've got my phone
here with one on I've got mom's phone
here with one on and mom
taken hers off since I gave it to her
but mom is also outside there sunbathing
so I thought wife I pop her phone out of
the case put her phone on the side over
there through the case into the pool and
tell her her phone is in there this is
gonna be crazy Frank guys okay just came
into my room can you see yeah
she's sunbathing down there come on
get it get it get it get it
mom is just the pub life case - your
case mom if it's a little bit damaged
you can get another one from da we do we
wo g co ok guys so we set up now within
the makeup station we've got the beauty
guru the well-known beauty guru Kiera
Bridget she's got her bag of supplies
look at this we've got some paint
brushes in here we've got some boys at
like sorry it's like sour cream do put
arms on the sour cream until they give
them like a brief overview of the style
you're going to put on is it like an
everyday routine is it like a sleigh
everyday routine it's gonna be a 'no
makeup routine guys if you haven't
already hit that subscribe on drop a
like on the video Bridget
Cara let's go so firstly I guess we have
to really get your hair out of face
basically see this it's like a paint
brush but it's functional Wow
you're kind of a brown individual you
bit more time than me yes so it's gonna
be like oh my god wait guys you can come
up my red cheeks I'm actually I'm like
I'm excited for this now wow I've needed
that done for a very long time and I
have to start white make just to cover
up my red cheeks that's crazy what they
were throwing so this is a little boom
you dumped it up my lips is that suppose
that the blower stays there even the
forehead but even it's pulled by hair
I'm going to leave the boys just do
everything book the boys as I say guys
feels like I've got like a mask on my
sweet they brushing my hair
honestly Kerr is this really necessary
let you sleep I never sleep guys mores
on the grind for you guys whoa whoa this
is go under my eyes in yeah ah it feels
pretty good actually I'm not gonna lie
woman long did it to me she was like
poking me in my eye and everything so I
feel like maybe she was just being a
little bit like aggressive but Kira is
taking good care of me which I did okay
maybe not guys be honest with me right
now leave a comment down below right now
I want you to be as honest as you can
how am I looking because I'm actually
feeling pretty good I'm feeling
bizarrely more awake right now I feel
like I'm more beautiful okay max this is
flowery you know too stuffy bake with
flour yes yep why important flour on my
face oh well it smells really nice you
know
it's right whoa yeah yeah why is it
smell really good it's like strawberry
shopping Wow
not the sugar all over me
thank goodness something away in the
pulled like merge because if you got
flour all over my marriage I would have
not been happy next we are going oh well
whoa well your this was the big carer
where mom was stabbing me in the eye is
this where is it should I be concerned
or Oh mum shots shots from Kara mum you
watching this shot from gara okay I
don't know I feel like this camera I
really don't know how I feel about this
it kind of feels like my eyes I'm glued
sure oh great July my makeup like this
she's like me carry a good side it's not
all care what be done to me why she bugs
me that's not a good sign guys I feel
like I feel like I am I feel like I am
the Mona Lisa then you're just painting
me I feel like little Picasso and I am
one of your artwork if you think we're
gonna meet you slightly sparkly sparkly
do they make me sparkly I want to go up
those crazy Wow Wow I like this a lot
babe I'm liking it I'm liking it it
feels like someone's rubbing my back but
it's my eyes wolf just annoying follow
oh wow no I'm not actually I don't need
is that going onto my eyeball that
finition
I have a high definition YouTube channel
I post HD videos another root of his
brain I get to have a breather yet to
have a minute here how about looking
goddess I mean it's later
what now Kara Bridget the makeup guru oh
yes I really do y'all I'm here baby
yes whoohoo this is the one thing I
actually need a jawline because guys if
you don't know mine went away because I
start eating oh my god guys she's gonna
do my eyebrows now the big moment the
mode with the evolving waiting for she's
finally gonna fix my terrible eyebrows
this next thing it is very mature you
see a lot of the females doing um I see
I still really get the point of this and
it's where they make parts of their
space
phony Sparkle kind of like a princess
please ask them with oh no you made me
do things what you guys hate you to
America you can lick your pretty face
wet cotton oh okay yeah let's get them
out
let's get them bad boys out okay so guys
what I want you to do right now is
comment down below if you thought I look
better now
or before I put the makeup on I'm gonna
go look at it right now let's go and do
this I'm feeling confident
I trust Kara I know she's done a good
job of this Kara I gave my trust to you
and I know you've done a good job yeah
Wow holy jeepers babies killer Thanks oh
my good a filly good new person guys I'm
not gonna lie for a second that I
thought Kara was like messing about well
it looks like she's actually done a good
job of this guy's smasher like right now
on this video for me to do her makeup
book guys now we've got the makeup on
we've already got one person's reaction
to it the lady who came in to bring us
the food she liked it I think what we
need to do is get mom's reaction Marth
interaction and then maybe just see how
it goes from there guys
it's been about 20 minutes since Kira
put the makeups on my face I just had
some food and seeing as this is a little
bit of an experiment I thought of dating
you on you know the problems I had
whilst eating
number one I called all that food around
my mouth and because I'm still used to
it I got my hand and good and I've got
makeup now on my hand BOTS and all
fairness guys the lipstick did hold up
pretty well so you know you you you
passed lipstick I may have smudged you
but you stayed strong but he stayed
strong you showed resiliency number two
as I was eating I went to eat a chip and
this was a big chip okay this wasn't
just like you know a tiny little french
fry this was a fat potato chip as it
went in it caught some of the lipstick
and the lipstick went to my mouth and
that did not taste good but apart from
that yo guys I'm feeling pretty good
I've actually enjoyed this I didn't
think I was going to enjoy this too much
but guys I feel pretty good you know but
I know what you all want to see you all
want to see more Martin's reaction to my
new face my makeup face my mind every
time someone has done my makeup they've
always sabotage you there so mom's never
seen me with an actual face of makeup
until now okay guys swung on the stairs
right now mama Martin are just
downstairs getting ready I'm going to go
down and get their reactions on camera
drool like right now in the video if you
think they're gonna like it and then
comment down below everything they're
not
okay guys let's do this guys guys I need
to uh I need to show you something
I need to show you something look I need
to show you my facebook I need your
honest opinion okay three two one oh wow
whoa oh of you tonight
so scary to the day I'll go over the
purple around my lips I've got the big
eyebrows driver I've got you know the
nice color on the skin some round the
eyes - oh look all that the color on
your eyes it's bit of a surprise
but yeah it's I'm gonna be doing more
because I'm gonna be wearing this all
day yeah I'm gonna be going out with
then everything matter yeah probably
with you yeah but that's like I just
thought you know it's maybe an
experiment just thought I'd you know
because obviously you girls want makeup
like a lot I don't really wear a motor
so I'd see how it looked
and I just want to get your opinions on
if you think Harry's done a good job and
everything guys thank you okay guys
we've seen mom's reaction we've seen
mine's reaction they were kind of mixed
Kiera
obviously liked it the room-service way
do you really liked it
obviously I've taught you through all
the good things and bad things about it
I personally think it's pretty cool to
wear hey I don't mind all if it makes
you happier we've been worried because
I'm feeling pretty happy right now
however guys the final test is gonna be
seeing if it can hold up in hot tub
water guys I'm gonna go into the pool I
will again I'm gonna see if my face will
hold up if it will stay I think some
makeups is waterproof so this is the
final test guys like the video if you
think it's gonna hold up guys let's flip
in do this no no
I don't mean push me oh oh sorry oh good
I didn't mean push me man I was really
came yeah I won't see it in a really
water-resistant to me like yes yeah that
you look really pretty
oh uh yeah so I'm gonna make a pass yeah
definitely
okay then well guys I guess the makeup
gets a huge thumbs up from you guys
obviously I was curious that it stayed
in place and everything the makeup is
water-resistant which is so cool guys
so I'm guessing I'm just gonna go out
like this I'm not may know that she puts
me in the pool but hey ho I mean the
makeup stayed and everything so I'm
pretty happy I'm sure I look pretty
beautiful right now so I'm gonna go get
a change of clothes and then go straight
out because the makeup held up really
well as Kira said but guys if you've
enjoyed this video remember to go down
there and smash that like button and
also subscribe if you're new because I'm
uploading every single day this December
and pinning a gift card in the comment
section of each video that I upload so
also you should probably turn on
notifications if you want to get the
gift cards and finally guys I just
dropped my new poke life phone cases I
haven't got one right now but I mean I'm
wearing the merch which is no wet which
I'm not happy about camera but guys the
phone cases are probably gonna be sold
out forever in a few days so if you
haven't already got one now is your last
chance to get one guys they're selling
so quickly as I said we haven't got much
stock so if you're one you could have to
be super super quick and the link to
that guys of course is in the
description below link and bio buh buh
guys thank y'all so much for watching
and as always I've been bogs you has
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video tomorrow
Shakespeare peace out
