sit down a minute while I talk to you
boss why cause I've heard the stand up
if you want you know in the past you
always used to talk and say that mom I
really want a brother or sister but now
let's play we've got no friends nobody
likes me hello guys and welcome back to
another dope holiday video coming your
way
today of course I am out here in
Tenerife guys this place is absolutely
insane this is pretty weird guys I'm not
sure where everyone is I've just came
inside Cara mom have you finally left me
good nice who's in there are you peeing
sorry
ok triggers peeing guys let's go see
what Bulls up to ping wow I just walked
across stones guys but yeah if you're
new to the channel and you haven't
already subscribed what the flipper you
doing on this o on this channel we walk
across stones and do crazy stuff I'm
gonna back pull ya guys I'm uploading
every single day of December so if
you're not already subscribed hit that
subscribe or not also I'm pinning an
iTunes and Google Play gift card in the
comment section of every single video so
get them notifications turned on so you
can be early and get some free money
okay guys roll down at the pool right
now mom and Cara are over there
did the camera get here Oh guys I'm
sorry I hate UI I'm sorry it was an
accident I didn't hit mom did are so
strong are definitely the couple of the
year and this is two over I am seriously
guys everything cogs should stay
together leave a like on this video guys
care how many lies mister space together
you don't understand I haven't got fifty
thousand lights in about a year guys
everybody go down this video we need to
keep talks together boy hey guys we're
in the pool right now we've got Q we've
got mum we've got your boy mods I think
this calls for some pool cinematic sir
are you doing what are you doing mum mum
wait no no get down from there mum wait
no no mum please don't do this you just
burp the water baby I'm sorry I'm sorry
baby
okay guys change of plan right now me
and Kara about to go head-to-head in the
try not to drown challenge basically we
have to both go underwater see how long
we can hold our breath and whoever loses
has to jump into the pool on your care
of you practising guys I still just
can't go over how nice this place is
like we just got changed we're back in
the room right now and we are about to
go out yes you heard that correct
morgg's is going out to the outside
world Keira baby are you ready to go yes
good let go okay so guys were out now
but hold on hold on a sec I think we
should let mum blog for us we're really
excited we're going up
tewi against an eye and grab a few
drinks muggles can have a few coats and
Kyra's gonna have a few cokes and we're
really excited about everything and
we're gonna have a really good time and
we're on holiday yeah guys my mom's of
her mom's probably about of longer than
me
I guess well how come you go on you gave
me well mom do you know these are the
the poor iphone coasters yeah I know but
are out Saturday yeah guys put my phone
cases pretty neat huh guys check out the
share and plateau walk this is my boys a
free person sharing water woman look at
it the seven different meals on there
not not that you should have ordered
your own this is my five minutes later
oh that was so cold you still hungry oh
you fool
guys the food has just arrived and I'm
not gonna lie I'm a little bit
disappointed it's really small I mean
theories
it's absolutely tiny like I was hungry
well there's like nothing here it's
definitely not like twice the size of
everyone else's is that new drink on the
menu yeah it looks really cool is that
leave that like this water yeah crazy
yeah we just left the restaurant guys
I'd give that food a solid five out of
ten
guys this is how you embarrass yourself
in public
today Budweiser phone cases out this
Saturday Dobie Dobie Dobie moto thank
you everyone
Jonny day yo guys so we've just got back
to the room we've been out for a meal
and we can see me there Morgan's in the
bathroom and I thought it's about time
that I did a prank on Morgan Morgan's
been saying not so much now but when it
was younger he always used to say that
he wanted a brother or sister and will
you have one I was like Oh Morgan you're
too much of a handful of another one it
might be like you but today I thought
I'm gonna prank Morgan and I'm gonna
tell him but actually he asked our
sister it doesn't know and I'm gonna see
what his reaction is obviously I'm only
messing around it's a bit of fun but I'm
just wondering if Morgan would kind of
fall for it
it used to want a brother or sister now
I don't think he's bothered you've got
Carrie I don't think he's bothered about
having a brother or sister so I'm gonna
shout Morgan I've got this camera hidden
he's not gonna find it and when he comes
out I'm gonna sit him down and I'm gonna
break this news to him and basically
let's see what his reaction is to this
prank Morgan are you finished I want to
talk to you about something I need to
talk to you about something really
important Morgan okay I just wanted to I
want you to sit with me a sec I want to
talk about something really important I
wanna sit next to me down there it's
something important I need to talk to
you about just sit down I think you're
gonna be really pleased about this news
mmm similar hmm I just want you to sit
down a minute while I talk to your boss
like our son good well stand up if you
want
I mean bear washable oh okay you know
how in the past you always just talk and
say them mom I really want a brother or
sister
I know what to play with I've got no
friends nobody likes me listening being
stupid again
I'm trying six oh really
probably the most important thing that
I'm ever going to tell you so why I say
that now this is a plan
no go sit down a minute more gonna need
to talk so Morgan you know when you were
little what's the one thing that used to
ask me for all the time of new toys and
stuff you just want a brother you did
you used to always say mom I want a
brother or sister I'm lonely but now to
play with everybody hates me for no
friend no one ever said that I mean a
woman wanders time
so why so slow but I've got something
something that's really important what
I've got I've got a system don't be
stupid
who's the guy in the video you already
thought was the camera this camera the
devil is the Morgan it's kind of a long
story
it's on storage a long lost sister
where's the camera camera what's his
name
Morgana more green Athena is it more
Gaeta where is my magical system walking
event was our actual name monkey monkey
yeah monkey Conestoga mo Gigi why they
call it Magan she's cool mommy yeah
moegi
yeah do you know what more you try to
try use that tone to meet ya why should
I so popular really it's all exciting
good news isn't it
the only way is not telling
it was clear to make sure you buy our
Christmas person but watch a lot YouTube
shows a an ID I'm so sorry and never be
you
it's like it's mortgage these motors
more you live in your imagination boy
nobody needs duty to buy really nice
expensive common bag for a really nice
family bag and they have to give it to
me out of Canada I tossed it on the
sewer is a new business person it's a
perfume make sure the monkey gets on
your make sure no magical mythical
monkey gets them all yeah Sean Dugas
just now where's the camera you put it
by the chair anyway guys hope you
enjoyed the price I think you fell for
it and it'll suck I'll be getting some
good Christmas presents this year
no well guys I guess um I don't even
really know what to say right now
everybody comment down below
everyone come down below bogey in the
conversation justice the boggy never
ever have a kid I'm gonna definitely
bullet muggy guys if you found the lives
and I'll change my channel name to moggy
why the home if you guys have enjoyed
this video remember could go around
there and smash Oh pickle BAM
smash that light board and hit the
subscribe button with left right and
then burn smash that subscribe or guide
is the pull iPhone cases are
this Saturday guys I cannot wait put my
phone case about this Saturday guys I
don't know these things are literally
out in like a day or a few days guys so
remember get it set in your calendars
get it set in your alarms get everything
ready for these phone cases loads you
guys asked me to make cheap items and
also loads you asked me to make phone
cases so we went ahead and did both of
them these are gonna be the cheapest
items ever released and also their phone
cases guys how I think is that get ready
this Saturday at 4 p.m.
they're gonna be dropped on www
mine next video briefs
