me and mum bought this place and we
didn't show it kara so kara has
absolutely no idea but I told you guys
we got somewhere good and spoiler alert
kara is gonna freak out because the
place we got is it is five star boys and
girls we weren't messing about weren't
we mom so guys I cannot wait for this
we're about to surprise Kara with what
you probably could call the dream
holiday guys home guys that welcome back
to another video today is the start of a
new adventure on this channel you guys
know I'm always traveling I'm always
about doing crazy new things and yes
boys and girls in this video we're at it
again
we never stop on the moors channel boys
and girls
now guys firstly before we begin this
video I hope you're all doing really
good hope you're happy and we'll
enjoying Christmas leave a like on this
video right now if you're excited for
Christmas
I don't excited guys look we've got the
Christmas tree oh boy hold on mom I
think one thing needs change no yes no
yes no no she looks right now this video
is gonna be absolutely bonkers it's
gonna be a bloody madness guys let me
take you back to this morning when their
mom set off on our own little adventure
to the train station to pick up Kira
so guys are in the car right now we're
on the way to pick up Kara and here's
the funny thing
CAIR actually went home yesterday and
she's coming back today
like I guarantee none of you guys even
knew she laughed
I thought carols our house no Luke she
went home yesterday
oh that's why we're all right that's
where we're going now to bicker oh yes
McDonald's oh oh then guys as we were on
the way driving to get Cara Mia mum we
saw something to win the distance we saw
a McDonald's guys and roll the clips oh
no guys do you see that do you see that
in the distance there Cara is currently
sat waiting at the train station but
there's a McDonald's over there and I
haven't eaten today guys in these
situations
I'm not a smart boy I don't know what to
do I need your help guys comment down
below McDonald's or Cara I'll give you
five seconds did you do it you know what
more seems I can't read the comments
right now I'm gonna go with what you say
what we're doing Cara or McDonald's
McDonald's now sometimes I'll get cold
face oh god guys McDonald's it is just
on me and Cara some food from McDonald's
but I want to know it's my favorite food
for McDonald's the same as your favorite
food so I'm gonna say what I got in a
moment and if that is also your favorite
food you have to leave a like on the
video drumroll please
chicken nuggets van boys and girls after
we bought our McDonald's we went and we
picked up camera roll the flipping clip
bro so we just went and collected Kara
but hold on Kara I am Santa morgs I did
bring you a gift
okay do you look it's a snowman hat put
it on Kara put it on yeah christmas is
coming
everybody's in the Christmas you look
like a really sad Christmas tree mom
Kira do you want to ask me what ha I've
got on I have of course gone this and
the H cap you can get it from Dobie wwo
as well as some pug live match the
ultimate ultimate combination bra and
that takes us back to where we are right
now the current time and you probably
wanted more wise going down on this
video and I'm gonna keep that surprise
but let's just say guys it involves
leaving the country involves Kara being
surprised all I'm saying is this video
is gonna be absolutely crazy remember
guys if you're not already subscribed I
am uploading every single day this
December for 31 days of morgues and I'm
also pinning an iTunes or Google Play
gift card in the comment section of
every video so get those notifications
on if you haven't already me and Kara
might be leaving forever in this video
so stay flippin tuned Morgan do you mean
that you're actually leaving you and
Kara actually leave it I mean I think so
yeah you leave in the country but that
means believe in you oh well why you
smiling oh I know oh well you want me
and Kara to leave it's nice of you to
stay but if you go god my life would be
so easy what would you do then would you
get to go out I'd make friends I'd go
mom you've tried making friends for the
past three years and all you've got
bored Martin I can rent your room out to
a lodger and downloads the money oh
great
happy good okay so if you guys have been
asking me you know what is actually
going down in this video and I'm gonna
tell you in just get a phone call hello
no I haven't an accident in the past
twelve twelve years I'm want car
insurance but I don't even have a car
leave me alone
gosh hey what do you mean this case what
you noticed Oh guys Joe I didn't tell
you these are the brand new pull iPhone
cases these phone cases guys are
dropping this Saturday the 16th in like
a few days how crazy is that Kyra guys
new merch this Saturday the 16th guys
pulled my phone cases available in all
phones get it send your alarms that
flippin sick right carrot hold on
do you want one do you want one yeah you
probably need a case don't you for your
phone it's a little bit smashed yeah but
yeah yo let's hook up care with a case
Oh which one should we give her I think
is this one which fits her phone carrier
there you go Georgia like pretty much
yeah well hell are you waiting for my
phone click it in there I am no do
you like is is the best surprise I've
ever given your me guys new merch out
this Saturday it is hot now it's
actually 4 a.m. right now basically we
haven't slept and what we're doing right
now is getting ready to leave to go on
our next adventure by the way if you
wondering what this earth this black
stuff is on my face add my snapchat
Mortenson I did a blackhead strip and it
went really wrong guys so yeah guys to
give you a little bit more detail about
what is actually going down me mum and
Cara are going away to a different
country but basically here's the twist
guys
Kira knows where
go in however we didn't actually show
her the place with book so basically me
and mum are surprising Kara with a
holiday and guys I'll let you in on a
little secret right now the place we
booked is a 5-star suite and it was a
lot of money guys so Kara's in for
treats I said obviously she knows that
we go in a way she knows where we're
going but we didn't show that the suite
she has no idea where we're staying all
she knows is we are going away we're
actually going to Tenerife guys which is
in Spain and I know your brands are
probably thinking more why did you go on
so many holidays
it's December I'm alone at 31 days of
moths I need to give you guys the
freshest the best content possible so I
thought why don't we spice up go away
and guys this is going to be an epic
vlog Morgan I've been I've been kind of
thinking about this holiday and I think
I'd like to come with you if that's all
right
what didn't you say alien that you
didn't want to go can we have a quick
replay of that I can rent your room out
to a lodger and then loads of money oh
great that'd be good yeah but I didn't
want to go because you were getting on
my nerves but now I've kind of been
thinking about it I think well sure but
when you kicking us up will you have it
that we were leaving forever
yeah I've kind of had a bit of a
thinking the night and I think yeah I'd
like to come we believe in forever
you can't call we already we already up
student well figured I hope I guess you
can call me oh yeah thank you
Kiera you getting ready how you feeling
are you excited
you don't like planes are you kind of
scared to fly yo guys comment down below
if you like planes because to be honest
I kind of like them but Kara she don't
like them bro guys we just came ready
right now we game packed with a little
bit late but as I said it's 5 a.m.
me Kara haven't slept so I'm feeling
flippin great but hey let's get going
yeah guys we're all packed we're all
ready we're heading off right now let's
do this we're just in the car and the
windows posing over
hold on does that say does that say pull
the wife by the chance guys
link in the footprint description Moscow
gets some merch here we are in in the
Gucci store this is a 600-pound rack
don't look at that I'm pretty sure that
stays a Tesco on it I know it's fashion
guys as you know every single day this
December I'm giving away a gift card in
the comment section of every single
video I actually ran out of gift cards
guys so here I am I've stopped my call
you guys need to get your gift cards
every single day one of these is in the
comment section so remember getting
notifications turn on if they're not
already seriously Kiera you've been out
for five minutes and you taking selfies
already come on girl
kara kara wake up click well we're just
probably so light today Monica I need
your gage know what mom
whenever travellin.light when you're on
board so we just got through the airport
a mom tell them what happens I got six
mom you got search didn't yeah but wait
hold on hold on I think they just wanted
an excuse to to feel the Pug life merge
we do description of course yo guys how
beautiful is that look at them new
headphones guys they look so cool
for real though tell me what you think
about these bad boys they're gold
because obviously gold is the best just
like me
ok I'm joking but still that pretty dope
kara how are you feeling and you're a
bit nervous for the flight what what
don't talk to her sure I just had to
take this from John saying the planes
gonna crash no wait where you going sure
what the hell he cute I was joking
I was you know here I was
boom
clothes like she's mad at me
boys and girls adventure time starts now
we're about two hours into the fly right
now
how did
she's still not happy guys she was not
happy with her
it was literally sat back like
hyperventilating it was pretty funny
but also I was being kind of me
you know guys just like that we are here
yeah guys we lived the adventure
continues
we're on our way now but it's a little
bit loud here so let's go somewhere a
little bit more quiet okay okay
Kira where are we
you know kara we have just arrived in
Tenerife just in the airport right now
sorting out a taxi hey mom hey how are
you I'm good how are you yeah
everybody's good everyone's happy wants
people and good today
no guys to fill you in on what's going
down once again Akira has absolutely the
wind is killing me wins guys Kira has
absolutely no idea of the villa Kira are
you excited to find out where he's
staying are you nervous no that's what
we booked like a tiny little white place
of like one bedroom we wouldn't do that
because you have to stay there - true I
don't like one bedrooms but guys but
yeah guys were on the way to the mystery
place that we're staying an amplified
excited so me and Kara and of course mom
are in the taxi right now on the way to
the mystery place that we're staying me
and mom bought this place and we didn't
show it kara so kara has absolutely no
idea but I told you guys we got
somewhere good and spoiler alert kara is
gonna freak out because the place we got
is it is five star boys and girls we
weren't messing about work we mom
so guys I cannot wait for this we're
about to surprise Kara with what you
probably could call the dream holiday
guys just wait until you see it this
place and wait until Kara sees the place
we've got because you're all gonna freak
out Kira's gonna freak out it's gonna be
so dope
we've just pulled up to the place right
now care what are your first impressions
oh you're Jeff doing a better room
