there's this huge oak on the floor and
I'm like oh I'm so strong I pick it up I
Spit round and I choke it and the rock
hit the edge of the scout's heart but
here is where the story really
intensifies ladies and gentlemen boys
and girls grandmas and grandpas auntie's
and uncles dogs and cats guinea pigs and
regular pigs I need all of you to listen
up right now whether you're new to the
channel all your party balls this video
is gonna be absolutely crazy I guarantee
you guys are all gonna learn something
about me that I have never told you
before all I'm saying is guys watch till
the end of the video because it is going
down now guys if you're new to the
channel and you don't know who I am I
feel like you're already gonna learn a
lot about me from this video put the
fill you in
my name is Morse aka Morgan aka the kid
with really red cheeks and stupid hair
and I've known for you know basically
being you know a legend okay okay
you've been f like a minion I've already
told you a lie really you guys may feel
like you know everything there is to
know about me however I assure you
there's a lot more you guys don't know
about my life and I thought why don't I
make an entire video basically just
exposing myself because that sounds like
a brilliant idea well yeah in this video
I'm gonna be basically telling you loads
of stories of some of the worst things
I've done in my life so that you guys
know what not to do with your life now
guys I know I say this a lot but if
you're not already subscribed please go
down there and
I'm a subscriber because I am uploading
every single day in December so if
you're not subscribed you are truly
missing out that's because in every
single video I blow this move there is a
Google Play and iTunes gift card pinned
in the comment section literally just
just pause the video right now and look
down there there's a flippin gift card
now there is only one gift card on every
video and there's loads that you guys
battle it out for it so if you want to
be the quickest to get the gift card
remember to turn on notifications for
the channel and make sure you subscribe
and finally before we begin they're
exposing is getting closer and closer to
Christmas and if you want to get your
very own merch for Christmas maybe a
little bit of poor life I can't wear it
or maybe some mg set maybe some pranking
or prank weed or maybe you just want a
tea mugs t-shirts I'll let you in on a
little secret guys so many of you guys
are buying the merch that you have
completely just crashed the system you
guys are literally copping way too much
merch for us to handle tea molds are so
strong the merch one is so strong that
your you're just breaking everything bar
you need to get it super super quick
because time is right now the link is in
the description or just go to www.hsn
the first ever story time with morgues
mell guys we are going to kick this off
with a bang and we are going to talk
about the reason you guys are here the
story of when I almost got arrested aged
like eight years old like that isn't
even a joke this is a pretty bad story
of my past but I think it's worth
mentioning guys this isn't the worst
story I have done I have got one more
story which is even worse than this one
and it isn't in this video but if you
want me to make another video on that
story I will do it if we get 20,000
likes on this video so go down there
smash alike if you want that story time
but guys for this one I have to bring
you back to about year free okay year
free if you from America that's when
you're like eight years old so like I
was young at split hair we are going
back well into the fat moles days were
actually a little bit before the fat
more days like this is before I got like
super fat like I wasn't even fully a fat
Mors at this stage that's how far but
this really is this was actually the
point where I had my long hair and I
dressed in like denim jackets but not
the cool denim jackets not like my
off-white denim jackets I dressed in the
fog layest denim jackets you I've ever
seen in your life
loke I had this thing when I was younger
what I like kind of wanted to be like a
rock star like I had a I had like guitar
I was absolutely terrible by the way I
had the big mop on my head I dressed in
legit tank tops like a vests but not
when I went on holiday not because I had
a good body I legit just dressed in tank
tops just because I liked them like you
can see my flap hanging out my arms and
I still wore them there's nothing wrong
with it at all like yo yo rat wherever
you want I'm repping a t-shirt with a
pug on it and I'm proud because it's
flippin lit but it just wasn't a good
law like low-key
I looked like like a failed rock star
like my mom would always say all moms
you're gonna be in a band when you're
older and I was like yo yeah i'ma being
the band I'm gonna be rocking that
guitar look at me now look how I've
turned now I'm just a flippin youtuber I
just talk to a camera all day so that's
why I looked like back then I was
obviously
around eight years old I was in about I
think it was like year four and I went
to school obviously but the thing is
with my primary school it was located
right next to a woods or forest and what
I used to do is after school ended we'd
all go into the forest the jungle the
wild jungle and when I say all I mean
just me because I didn't really have any
friends at one time I remember I went
into the woods with another guy and we
were just like chilling in there I meant
by used to going them same woods with
like my scooter and like trying to do
like jokes on unlike this hill and I
swear every time I used to just fall
flat on my face and also right next to
this Woods was a Scouts hole it was it
was like a hot West Scouts when
basically I was just like throwing rocks
about like I wasn't trying to like hurt
or anything by remember we were just
like throwing rocks you know just around
this woods and then what does malls do
the absolute clever clogs the absolute
genius there's this huge rock on the
floor and I'm like oh I'm so strong I
pick it up I spin round and I chuck it I
open my eyes where is it headed towards
this Scouts hearts and the rock hit the
edge of the Scouts Hall it did like
smash a window or anything it just hit
the wall and it was made of like stone
like this was like this is like a stone
house in Minecraft like it was pretty
tall so I was like whoo that was close
you're like Loki at least it in here for
a window or anything but here is where
the story buddy intensified what were
you guys to do right now is comment down
below what you think happens next
I've just thrown the rock at the Scout
so comment down below at this point what
you think is going to happen I'll give
you five seconds
now I don't know if any of you will have
got this but basically what happened is
we just thought that we thought it was
okay and then about 30 seconds later a
woman comes marching out and when I say
woman I mean a woman this woman like
looked like she had the physique of a
man like she was scary bro she was scary
she comes out she's marching towards me
and my face is basically it probably
wasn't like that but you kept the point
and she waters towards me and she
literally shouts at me she was still
like three feet away from me like I
could hear him perfectly but she shouts
at me what on earth have you just done I
was like hey I was flippin trembling and
I was like and she goes was it you that
just did that and you know probably the
smart person would have just said no but
I said yeah Loki I had never been more
scared like I thought this woman was
gonna pick me up and just like feed me
to her Scouts and then here's where it
takes a turn right she goes the kids the
kids in the scouts hall they're all
crying it turns out the rock and made
like a massive bang in there and it made
all the kids like shocked and they were
all like scared and they all start
crying like apparently it was really
loud it sounded like the building was
falling down and I was just messing
about like I was like she's not my
father
sorry it was about sort of bros enough
mad at me but then this is the part
which is crazy right this is the part
where you guys probably got it wrong you
guys probably said she called the police
or something they came a bloody
arresting me right quad twist she was a
flippin cop I was at this point
trembling and like shocked I started
crying but the scouts all came out and
they were looking at me and I was stood
there literally crying my eyes out I
thought I was gonna get arrested I
thought I was gonna get tangled I
thought they were gonna send me to jail
bro and then she says to me give me your
home address phone number
full name and I remember this was my
reaction
Morgan loads but I remember not being
able to physically get my words out of
my mouth I was that scared and then
basically she takes my name she's got my
details she writes them down she storms
off and then just before she goes inside
she shouts to me again if I ever catch
you doing this again I'll have you put
in jail and at that point I had
literally I just ran off I was crying I
just ran off and I just remember I just
ran home but locally I didn't like
running but I ran all the way home
I didn't know what to do I was beyond
scared I was terrified bearing in mind I
always used to get in trouble with
school all the time my parents already
weren't happy with me I get home and I
say to my mom hi Eve okay and like she
goes yeah like what's up like
everything's fine so you know obviously
she had never been called so I left it a
day and then the next day not even my
mom my dad comes storming in he storms
in my room he goes Morgan what on earth
have you been doing I've been rang up
and told you deliberately threw a rock
at the Scout saw and I was like no bro
he was an accident so you have to
believe me we were just flinging him a
pow and then he starts going the
children were crying you scared them all
and I'm just like fat they're like
freaking out bro I started trembling
again I was crying then basil happened
is I got flippin grounded
I was liven allowed during that woods
flight the next year and then ever since
that day when I walk out of school and
see the scouts all I'd always be scared
and I'd never walk that way near it
because I didn't ever want to see that
lady again because I feel like if I saw
her again she'd have probably like eaten
me or like fed me to the Scout so yeah
guys that is the story of when I was
almost arrested when the police took my
name and phone my parents aged all
literally like eight now guys I'm not
gonna give too much away but there is a
part two to this story get it I'm not
gonna give too much away haha and guys
if you want me to make the part two to
this story which is arguably even
crazier than the first half less
get 20,000 likes on this video and
subscribe so that you can be ready for
that video if we get 20k lights I'll
drop the part to to the scouts whore
arrested police incident it was crazy
hey guys hold up a minute don't even
think this is over yet because there is
one more story not quite as intense as
the first one but pretty flippin weird
like literally crazy if another time
that I was almost arrested and basically
as this first I was going on one thing
that even different remember to mention
to you the house that I used to live at
when my mum and dad were together was
next door to a police station and
basically the police station garden
where all the windows looked over and my
god were connected so low-key like I'd
used to go on the trampoline like with
all my friends I didn't have any friends
I'd just gone there by myself and I
don't always like see the police people
looking out through the windows watching
me and once about like a water fight and
they were all watching it was so weird
like I I just didn't feel safe in my own
garden but please were always staring me
down I remember another time where I was
playing football and because obviously
I'm terrible and kicked the ball over
the fence and into the police station
basically I had to go round and retrieve
it right but I was too scared to knock
on the door and ask for them to do it so
what did I do
I just went through into their garden
grabbed the ball and ran out like I was
just reckless I can't think of a better
thing to do to the actual police than
break into their garden like that's very
smart
well done ten-year-old morgs but yeah I
remember this one time as well when I
was like in a shed I used to have a shed
in my back garden and I went in to like
get something then the door locked and I
couldn't down I didn't have a phone at
this time my parents are inside and I
was literally screaming for help crying
my eyes out this is a pitch-black shed
filled with cobwebs spiders like Loki
everybody has that shed where they just
keep a bunch of like outdoor stuff and
like nothing else it's just filled with
spiders and like there was just stuff
everywhere I was crying I was screaming
and ended up what happened is one of the
police guys
heard me gone mouths my house got my
parents and then when when they came to
free me there was a police guy my mom
and my dad all standing there and like
III went from seeing spiders cobwebs and
darkness to flippin policeman like I
thought like am I about to get arrested
here for like getting chucked in a shed
but yeah guys Isis a few other stories
of some other times where I thought I
almost got arrested obviously 10 year
old morgues 8 year old morgue was a
little bit of an idiot but yeah if
you've enjoyed this story and as I said
you want the part two to this
let's get 20,000 lights on this video
that would be absolutely amazing and if
you're new to the channel and you
haven't already click the subscribe on
but what else do you want from me I'm
giving you everything right now what
else do you want to see you're not
enjoying it is it me guys I'm posting
bergeron days this December every single
day a video is 6 p.m. with a gift card
pinned in the comment section
remember to hit the house subscribe
button hit that like button turn on
channel notifications and comment down
below if you've enjoyed this story and
if you want more story time videos but
yeah thank y'all so much for watching
and as always I've been more you guys
been awesome pub life merch go get it
quick for Christmas and I'll see you in
my next video peace
