oh my god wait walk with me no don't go
back wait this is what I think of your
company you guys challenged me to see
how many drive throughs I can go through
in one hour
ladies and gentlemen I accept your
challenge
however here on the most channel we
don't just do challenges we spice them
up and make them even more epic so today
we're going to be putting 10,000 pounds
on the line now mom told me that she
thinks I can get through ten
drive-throughs in one hour and here's
where the money comes into it for each
drive through I successfully go through
I get to keep 1,000 over 10,000 so if I
go through ten drive throughs I keep the
entire thing however if I go through
like two I will keep two among gets the
other eight I'm just gonna drive really
slow okay no that's that's cheating you
can't do that but we've got no one who's
gonna be like a judge or anything
halfway
no one who's gonna be as you say guys if
you don't know already I am uploading
every single day this December for 31
days of morgues I think this is like day
nine or something so we're doing well
and also in the comment section of every
video I'm pinning and I choose all
Google Play gift cards so if you want to
get to the videos early so you can get
your hands on the gift card set number
one smash that subscribe bone and step
number two remember to click the bell to
turn on notifications so you can get
there really really early now guys I
have been preparing for this challenge I
thought the route planned out in my head
firstly was gonna be go for a McDonald's
then
to move on to Burger King Taco Bell and
also KFC there are all next to each
other then we venture forward we get
another McDonald's we dad coaster and
then if we keep going even more we get
another McDonald's and another KFC and
another coaster and also another Burger
King which would complete the 10 that is
the route we're going for today we've
got character George we've got mom
obviously driving we've got me
collecting the food this is gonna be a
crazy experiment to see how many drive
throughs can you actually get through in
one hour so what I want you guys to do
is comment down below right now and
predict how many you think will get
through and also while you're down there
if you could leave a like on the video
Nadya amazing let's try and shoot for
10,000 likes seen as we've got 10,000
pounds and we're gonna be trying to get
through 10 drives brews I think we can
do this but guys we're gonna get in the
car right now we're gonna get this
adventure started we're gonna get the
timer started but time starts as soon as
the engine starts so mum needs to be
driving fast read to hope there's no
traffic and guys let's flip in do this
so guys the first thing that's obviously
came to my attention is that it's
snowing the snow all over the car all
over the roads and that is not good that
is not good guys means it's gonna be
harder to drive harder to see and
definitely not a good factor so we've
got a bear that in mind so as you can
see guys I've got the timer right here
we have exactly one hour from when the
car starts guys let's flip in do this
bang all the time start let's go let's
go let's go guys just pulling up to the
first McDonald's as you can see the
difference the time is at 12 minutes
part of the guys now actually in the
area where all the drive throughs are so
now we need to get through this
McDonald's quick get some food and roll
on to the next one
ah guys oh yeah we're on a time here
mom seriously this is good for me hi can
we have two Big Mike's please meals
large with coats everything thanks guys
pulling into the second drive-thru now
as you can see is KFC and guys we've got
seven minutes on the clock
I'm joking guys obviously now I don't
know just drive drive drive
well the type of survey are you joking
me you joking it was for surveys when 24
minutes of God and we've gone to - what
are you laughing at I knew this was
gonna be a conspiracy you do came it off
on me get you like KFC guys we've got
the McDonald wall courage me I can't go
wrong oh my god mom I don't care just
get to the flipping cage these guys
who've experienced another problem okay
Taco Bell isn't a drive-through okay it
isn't a drive-through I don't know what
this means for the time it's what you're
good after would even get it yeah you
guys didn't get it guys the clock is on
thirty five minutes right now the Taco
Bell was literally around the corner
from KFC mom go literally go go go go
most always eat time quick get me some
nachos five minutes later
oh my god this is absolutely oh yeah we
you know it's why don't you take 20
minutes get the damn engine start and
drive guys we're just pulling in to KFC
right now the third place currently on
28 minutes
Kirra just sign the back scoffing a
Burger King months copping some chips
this is not the attitude that we need to
be taking we need to be taking this more
seriously guys scoffing more quick
driving
oh my god mom could you take any longer
guys were on the way to the next place
right now it's a McDonald's among can
you please driving it down faster oh why
you point by point twice why have you
stopped more are you actually being
serious oh my god more ten minutes
hi Morgan five chicken selects barbecue
sauce meal please large with a coke
thank you do anything anything does not
this is a pretty outrage
could you waste any more time if you
physically tried for goodness sake this
is on fifty five minutes man we don't
like oh oh
Saamy scrub drive from drive drive drive
oh my goodness guys guys were heading to
cluster we have about five minutes to
get there get the drinks and get the
safe try flowing guys I think we got to
cool it there we gotta just aim for
Kosta it ain't long but we gotta oh my
god wait whoa whoa you copy
no go back this is what I think of your
coffee
I can well the cappuccino and a peach
tea please peach tea lemonade
large cappuccino at a large peach tea
guys could we do it good we're done
anymore little six I think six guys that
was so close but we got the drinks guys
just in oh my god what failed and now I
failed mom but it was because of you why
because you stole there you two teamed
up against me I'm gonna have a word with
when we get home drive me home first all
right dawn okay guys so we're back right
now we've got all the fitmin what are
you doing I told you two minutes to
already have your hand in a bag won't
even go for what the hell you go for the
nacho we can hear you we've got all the
food laid out here we've got the very
first order which was two Big Macs here
we've got chicken selects in here we've
got boneless banquette
there we've got nachos we've got the
coaster and then also there was the
Burger King which is currently in Tier
Islamic because she ate it all no
obviously guys we set out with one hour
I thought I forget ten in one hour
what do we end up with mom thanks what
do you think about this because in my
opinion I think I was cheated out of
this you saw plenty of examples when mum
was in the drive boot she was speaking
to the people she was like we stopped in
the car she was just like talking and
just wasting time she went the wrong way
she was wasting time so I don't know
guys but comment down below if you think
I was cheated out of this because I
don't know I think the experiment was
ruined by this woman here I mean
personally it could have gone better
however we have a nice selection of food
here which I can eat so I'm happy that
we found no guys obviously I asked you
at the beginning of the video
how many dry foods do you think we will
do I want you guys to tell me comment
down below
did you guys get it right how many of
you guys said six did any of you say six
if you did remember to go down and leave
a like if you said six because you were
correct I personally think it could have
gone better with a little bit less
distraction from when we may've got like
seven or eight but to be honest I think
it was the Taco Bell that killed it
because you talked about ten minutes
minute times I think we'd have done
better if we hand have gone and Taco
Bell and gonna come the others but we
completed the first six things of the
route successfully however we didn't get
to the next ball but guys
hey-ho we did okay and now it's time for
the money handing over so obviously I
did sinks which means I get to keep six
of these but mom
we do the outro yeah anybody knows now
we just see yeah we're going we got away
peace ow
