some guys are welcome back to another
video today we're going to be eating the
entire McDonald's menu
I'm not eating McDonald's menu I'm not
doing it more for me I guess guys if
you're new to the channel and you don't
know already I am uploading every single
day this December for 31 days of morgues
and I'm also printing at iTunes and
Google Play gift card in the comment
section of every video you guys have all
been raced into the video is trying to
get the gift card seen who can be the
quickest so if you want the gift card
you need to be the fastest person the
way you can do that is by smashing that
subscribe or not also click in the lower
bowel to turn on post notifications no
word today guys we're gonna be doing our
craziest McDonald's channel yeah all
three of us say that yeah no one today
guys we're gonna be doing our craziest
McDonald's challenge yet we're gonna be
ordering one of everything off the menu
and trying to eat the entire thing this
is gonna be crazy so how many like
should we smash let's go hey guys hey
lags on the video go down there smash
not like but I likes now the way we're
gonna have to do this is we're gonna
have to go to the McDonald's us ask them
for the full menu because I've heard
some of them refused they just don't do
it so we're gonna have to ask the
McDonald's see if they can do the entire
menu and if they can't those are gone on
a bit of a quest you need get double
chicken nuggets cuz I'm kind of hungry
it's way gonna get in the car help the
first McDonald's saved our servers
I don't know if there will not but guys
let's get going
hi um it's gonna sound a little bit
weird and you've probably never had an
order like this before
can I have one of everything please we
are very sure very sure we'll pay for it
before you like cook in everything we
ain't a scam yeah just one of every
dessert to everybody behind us hey since
right now there's about four people
behind you okay how much was that sixty
eight pounds guys of pure McDonald's
each burger is like four pound that is a
lot of meat right there oh my god this
is crazy
guys we're gonna go click the food right
now I think they're gonna ask us to pull
over and then they're gonna have to like
bring us the food but I don't know guys
this is a little bit crazy let's do it
guys we got the first item the ice cream
look at mental Kiera okay back there
there we go guys we've just gone and
cleared out McDonald's Cara in the back
has she's just enjoying her ice cream
there's low flow desserts back there we
have just killed it oh my gosh guys we
are now home we've just set how all the
food
just make yours is watering scare what
about you yeah you spot somebody like
she's just all of it man true I agree
with you guys
so yes we just went to the McDonald's
spent over 70 pounds of everything on
the menu
we've got at the back here we've got the
drinks and all the desserts moving
forward we've got all the big beef
burgers we've got the Big Macs we've got
that I don't know what you call and
we've got all of the chicken legends
we've got some Nuggets we've got chicken
selects over here and then on the front
we've got all of the mini burgers and
then you can't forget guys the desserts
at either side we've got the muffins
we've got the apple pies and yeah guys I
just literally can't wait to get started
basically the challenge is guys we're
gonna see if we can eat this entire menu
I'm not sure if we can do it but you
agree are you hungry
no I think I want to agree one thing
guys before we get started
okay that was ready you go sauce on the
PUD line you got a sauce on the fish
I've never tried mayonnaise before in my
life guys but this is apparently what
they call a chicken mayo and I guess
yo guys with battling foolish about five
minutes long we've defeated about one
thing we still be going back but that's
nice Oh guys another burger there is I
laughs I yeah do it do it do it
no no oh no that's not words guys this
is what you call the chicken legend guys
full upon mains is that one already
hardened oh yeah too bad let's move on
to dessert
wish me for it I'm going for this one
okay not McLaurys no out of order
oh no Morgan choo-choo the train's
coming choo-choo trains coming again
guys now owes them in the entire
McDonald's menu challenge if you've
enjoyed meant to smash a life on the
video down below if you want to see more
of this content down there and smash
that subscribe bye guys I'm learning
every day of December so you can see
this one too every single day guys thank
you so much for watching and I'll see
you in my next video peace
