your dad watched it let work he's left
Amit's it is probably in London now in
about 15 minutes and he'll be then
texting Kara to say meet him and the
look in fear and I'll makes me going
down to me them that tonigh equally it
definitely got a bit far further than we
thought it would go but I guess just
assumed you know like oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god wait are you calling around hello
guys welcome back to another video today
the prank King is back and you guys know
how a mom was calling herself the prank
Queen I think today is time for a new
prank Queen to bust up onto the scene
because today me and Kara are gonna be
both pranking mum and hopefully
humiliating her in front of all of tea
mugs I'll get up fetch you learn it from
the best her so you'll be okay
no guys if you don't know already I'm
uploading every single day this December
for 31 days of logs and in the comment
section of every single one of those
videos in December I'm leaving a code
for one of these gift cards they'll
actually be an iTunes code or an Android
code in the comment section right now
Noah seriously guys I've been seeing
your messages for the first new people
who will they give cards and they said
they were in the video like three
seconds after it went live so if you
want the gift card you're gonna have to
get that early
so remember to hit that subscribe button
awesome turn on post notifications by
clicking the Bell and I'll give you the
best chance at getting yourself a gift
card and if you don't win it today or
tomorrow you've got loads more chances
so it's cool baby there's loads of gift
cards coming your way so guys today the
prank we're gonna be pulling is a gone
missing prank Cara is gonna ring up my
mama on the phone and tell mom that me
and her had an argument and I stormed
out and she hasn't seen me since so you
guys know my mum is already really
protective she hates me going out by
myself she hates me being in London in
general so when she hears that I have
gone missing for over 40 hours she will
hopefully freak out and give us the best
reaction she's ever given us but guys
the main thing in this prank that I am
worried about I don't know about you is
that basically the entire prank is Cara
here she's the one has to convince mom
that I've gone missing it's her phone
that she's gonna be ringing mum on so I
mean I am pretty scared I'm scared for
Cara I don't have you've got the prank
queen in you guys if you haven't already
got your merch remember to go down to
the link in the description and get
yourself some of it boom fine this is
the first video I've recorded in London
where I'm not wearing the long sleeve
because I wore that for three days
straight
so yeah we've moved over to the
sweatshirt guys don't expect me to take
this off any less than three days well
guys it held it well of course because
the mods merch is good quality but yeah
Cara are you ready to get started
no okay we'll take that as a yes let's
do this okay guys it's ringing right now
remember to go down there and smash
alike if you haven't already subscribe
to the channel let's see if we can get
10,000 likes for another foyer hi
oh it's going okay I mean ick it um no
it it could be better than that
honestly Saturday night he he we kind of
had a bit of a fight and then he got
kind of like sad and then he kind of
left so I just waited him to get back I
went to sleep and I thought oh he's
gonna have to come back eventually like
whatever and and he didn't and he still
no I haven't and he hasn't like like he
hasn't like messaged me and I've been
like cooling him and stuff and he hasn't
Lee replied I'm kind of freaking out I
just assumed that he'd be like in London
or something but he'd like I don't think
he is I know let's go no he hasn't been
back enough I'm just like kind of sad at
him because he left but now I'm just
like kind of scared think he's dead or
something um yeah I think he has his
phone with him I don't know it all of
his office of Snowhead hi yo yo hey oh
my god oh my god you know what just
happened she said she was coming okay
don't take something address week if she
comes to London like Kara this is you
this is you this done this okay guys
what we're gonna do now we're gonna wait
I obviously have my phone here we're
gonna see if mom calls my phone and then
I think what we're gonna do is let it
ring once and then if she rings back
again let Kara answer and say that she's
found my phone in
so I have nothing on me good enough in
the videos and so you're in a fight and
then and then people that isn't and I
just but now it's like hey now I just
don't want him to be like dead
oh god she's terrible okay okay let me
go
oh but if I punch you
oh my can't leave you said I punched you
I don't punch girls okay guys so we were
planning on having like another night in
London but I think what we need to do is
try and rush home to stop mum coming out
togethers guys we're literally gonna
have to rush back home right now get
like the fastest train we need to be
quick if she goes to London as we go
home that wouldn't be good
that'd be really bad but guys it went
pretty successfully mum is really scared
she thinks we've just all gone on a mad
argument now we need to rush home
surprise her Leno is a prank and then
get her reaction on camera Kira are you
ready
okay then guys we've just teleport like
how many hours like one hour into into
the future guys were on the train right
now and guys I have something to admit
we have a conversion
things just got a whole lot more serious
I said and update you when we're home
when we can go you know just pray the
news - as a prank all good all fine
prank dawn she's annoyed but it's cool
this just took a turn for the worst
so as you guys know Cara picked up on my
phone so mum thinks Cara has my phone
and obviously I'm just on the train you
know just do it my business just you
know on my phone just chilling and then
I get this text Cara have you heard
anything Morgan's dad is on his way to
London and should be there in one hour
as bad he'll text when he arrives I am
waiting here in case Morgan comes home
but I'll come to London on the last
train tonight as I can't stand this
waiting this is awful
we've just got to stick together and be
strong do you know how seriously she's
taking this do you understand what
you've done here I don't know what I'll
do if anything's happened to Morgan he's
my boy I hope you're okay we'll be with
you soon and we can work out what to do
so what do I do
bro I just got a light down go to London
Darren is now in London and there's
nothing we can do about that I think the
real loser here is gonna be Darren Kiera
I know you don't want to do this but we
don't really have a choice it's kind of
too late now to to back out you did this
it was your fault okay so yeah guys we
just got a taxi home we're stood outside
the house right now but yeah I do have a
key I'm not really sure how this is
gonna go down however we are gonna
change the plan up a little bit to make
it even more crazy I'm gonna go into the
kitchen first by myself and let Keira
wait outside and hide so then mum might
actually think that I've just got home
and kit is still missing this seriously
is changing or completely guys I can't
wait for this let's flip and do it
don't get emotional
what's wrong you've gone missing since
Saturday night you've got a fire in an
argument we are a little forward oh no
she said you'd be back see me she was
crying in the hotel so why why did some
why do you let me know because I didn't
have my phone I left ah okay but why
didn't you go but how do you think
Cara's spell
Cara's been worried to death yeah but
it's not my phone your dad's come down
now sweets gonna be in London looking
for dads in London why is daddy money
looking for you now this meant to be
going down when Swan cakes look after
the Ducks so why so that is going to
meet Kira in London well why would you
leave her young girl she's 17 year old
on around 60 gold left work he's left a
meeting and she's probably in London now
in about 15 minutes and they'll be then
texting Kara to say meet him and they're
looking for you and I meant to be going
down to me them tonight you've done this
or even miss one week I don't care about
me earlier and then we were both crying
and upset they were food you what she
said kara is here is here is at home is
come in
kara where are you Kira here what the
hell's going on they recommend something
you pinch low can you just explain
what's going on please this is Jojo to
explain what's he really scary or not
karin-sama Taran it's been a joke it's
like it's taught you it's doing
something like this it's just like this
is just I just don't think this is you
would so why would you do that long we
care this is all your fault you made
like that go to look dunes Garrett yeah
it's just not acceptable I bet you come
here I welcomed you not even for you no
way yeah nowhere else do you not will do
with that Kara's going in the bed
no we're gonna hate you now I suggest
you go to the go to your room and you
ever think about sit and when you're
ready to say sorry you come back down I
Darin can you hear you can hear me uh
yes where are you
well do you know what you know yeah this
is all just being a big prank
let me just no I'm not joking I have got
Darren I've got I've got Kira and Morgan
in the kitchen this is hilarious
I'm now I've told them I've told them
you've gone all the way to London no no
I'm not I would not get about this I'd
be nuts but you know I've been frantic
all day yeah yeah this is the worst one
and and Cara's here Karis helped you dad
off in London you are you crazy
you news is you're okay it definitely
got a bit far further than we thought it
would go um but I guess we just assumed
you know like you prank Morgan at all he
pranks you maybe you could take
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god
wait are you calling her out ah oh wait
oh my god wait wait wait yo yo yo yo are
you calling her out you calling it oh my
you calling her out wait am i sensing
what are you gonna do in a month when I
own the house do you know hold on I feel
a little bit bad I felt a little bit bad
born second stall you call yourself the
prank queen and you know after this I
think there's only one point Queen in
the room right now and her name is KB
carriages well I'm going clearly you two
children need to self giggle about what
you've done another think about it and
when you want to get yourself some tea
or your arm itches I'm - I'll just chill
with a point agreement I'll just chill
with a point Queen yeah guys if you
enjoyed this prank remember to go down
there and smash the flip out of that
like button I cannot believe this prank
was originally just most willows gone
missing prank it turned in to
out-and-out war that is now in London
which I do feel bad about guys remember
if you're not already subscribed to go
down there and smash that subscribe on
I'm posting every single day in December
and pinning a gift card in the comment
section so if you haven't got
notifications turned on turn them on so
you can come back tomorrow win a gift
card watch another 31 days of mors video
this is crazy guys we'll have to see
what happens now all I know is we're
gonna have to keep our eyes open because
mum when she goes into prank mode can be
guys as always I've been boats you guys
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video please
