so this guy's is the bit where it
happens the first ever calls kiss on
camera couple I get right side
subscriber than you let's do it
welcome back to another video today
Moors is back and he's wearing his
brand-new pub life merch
feeling like a flippin tank so today
boys and girls me and Kara are off to
London it's been like a month since the
last London vlog and today they are back
my name same moths how did your day
start today
to be honest it's been a little bit of a
mud one guys a bit of a mud one woke up
jumped our bed well and had a shower and
then it was straight in to photoshoot
mode and by photoshoot mode I mean
asking mom to take photos of us wearing
the new pug life merch so yeah guys we
just went out and took loads of photos
for the new pub life merch which is out
right now you asking to see the photos
if you want to see the rest of them go
to www.calculated.com/support
you got to be quick though it's selling
fast so yeah guys mean Kara I go into
London right now it's gonna be dope
let's do it so yeah guys we're on the
way to the train station right now as
you can tell in the whole what we have
boys and girls if you're new to the
channel and you don't know why I'm doing
over this December I'm uploading every
single day 31 days of morgues and on
every single one of the videos I'm
pinning a 10-pound gift card in the
comment section so if you're not already
subscribed remember to subscribe on and
turn on channel notifications so that
you can get your videos early and get
yourself a 10-pound gift card absolutely
free yeah the case was blocking the way
I get my legs so now
ah I'm six for free I shouldn't be on
the train we made it we have to run
pretty hectic
I'm still wrapping the plug live link in
the description now off to London let's
do this
we arrived yo guys so we just pulled up
into London as you know I've zipped up
my coat because it's flamin phrasing bro
I haven't actually told you guys what's
going down in this video kara has forced
me to go to a beauty event in London
like she's put me on the guest list with
her and everything and I'm just like I
didn't agree though Kara does this mean
if I'm going to a beauty event I might
actually get pretty beautiful for once
so I'm in the event let's just say the
female to male ratio is about ninety
five to five percent coming for my wife
merch out now : in description that okay
guys I'm gonna challenge you to play a
game right I'm gonna put the camera on
the event and you've got five seconds to
spot a guy
guys I can't even see one so yeah I
believe alike if you saw a guy in five
seconds so everybody was going out the
event to go get food it turns out mobs
actually has female fans and I started
meeting people and then I got split up
for my friends and now I'm out here and
I don't know everyone is great you also
got is just teleport into a random lift
where am I you ask
I am a hotel that it's a different hotel
than the ones that you've been used to
so I don't know maybe it's gonna be a
crazy or maybe I'll be really nice it's
only eight floor which is pretty damn
dope like that's pretty high like I'm
scared of heights and that's pretty
flippin scary so yeah hey let's do this
chick alone room Tauber okay so where
our room Kiera are you ready are you
ready
you do it you do the honors Oh God
that was your fault okay guys we don't
know what to expect here yo I'm kind of
feeling this it's a little bit old
fashioned but we can just uh yeah there
we go that's better
um let's just yeah uh-oh whoa yo check
that yeah
oh boy
okay guys so I just got changed I took
off my jacket and I kind of realized
guys I've been wearing this long sleep
all day this pug lifelong sleep brand
new just released and I mean damn this
thing is fresh it's comfy it's kept me
warm I mean I can roll the sleeves up
when I've got a little bit warm but then
I'm cold I can roll them down it's a
win-win situation well guys the truth is
I'm a little bit sweaty right now I mean
I don't really want to lift up my arms
there may be some sweat patches so I
mean there's only one way to cover it up
I guess
and guys dies of course with the
brand-new put life sweatshirt brand new
item never done before on the merch this
thing is the perfect item to complement
the Pug life t-shirt you can wrap the
long sleeve you can wrap the sweatshirt
you can roll the sweatshirt sleeves up
and then the long sleeve sleeves down
you can just go put it crazy but guys
the thing is when we got in the room the
air conditioning was on and it's kind of
freezing and you know I just I feel like
maybe I just need you know one more
layer just to top me off made me feel
warm make me feel cozy and of course
boys and girls I am talking about the
hug life hoodie you know what I say guys
you can never have enough pub life you
know it's winter season it's cold
outside long sleeve sweatshirt and
hoodie the perfect combination guys if
you haven't already joined the merch
squad go down below to www.markzware.com
bug-like swag it's selling quick it's
selling fast you guys are loving it on
second thought though guys I might take
the hoodie off I'm a little bit hot now
guys the moment you have all been
waiting for the title of the video the
full Nelda video it's time for a little
bit of course thank you guys just like
that Kirra is magically here the K in
cogs does it kind of annoy you that how
rgz is all men
the cane just you what about kare-kare
gigs gigs cold yeah corks this real guys
guys we're gonna be reacting to the
cutest cause moments right to the start
to our first kiss - now where we're
gonna kiss again so yeah guys if you
think Korg's is cute or if you like ship
it I didn't know that was a thing until
like I met her and you know apparently
ship is like an actual thing I have no
ship means like I thought was a
boat but apparently if you ship someone
that means you like them is that correct
so guys if you ship malt if you think
we're cute if you like Kara remember
like the video let's see if we can smash
ten thousand live from this video I'm
feeling like pushing you guys today I
don't know we haven't smashed 10k lights
in a little while so let's see if we can
do it I'm remember guys I'm loading
everyday this December so if you haven't
already hit that subscribe button and
turn on notifications because every
video in the comment section I'm gonna
be pinning a gift card okay guys so the
first video we're gonna be reacting to
is the first kids at the moment I know
all you guys have been looking forward
to and before we get into this guys let
me tell you a little bit of the story
about our first kiss on camera because
is them ever juicy one so the first
official video of the me and Kara kissed
in was called things got wild and
basically what happened in that video is
me and Kara went to a party and this was
like the first vlog that Kara appeared
in and this was was our first time me in
our second time like it was a second
time with Matt for the first time we
didn't really talk much
true true we didn't vlog we didn't vlog
so this was like me and Kara's first
official time eaten and basically what
happened is mean Kara what this party
right I decided let's pull out the
camera and just see if we can get a clip
on and then basically she just kissed me
and I was like wait what I was like whoa
you'll see in the reaction in like a
moment how it she just kissed me and I
was like oh damn and then you know that
the YouTube side of me just thought now
taking it in the vlog lesser all of tea
mugs here and that was the first
official chords kiss let's watch it bro
till this guy's was when we were sat
waiting for pizza
chair was sat on my lap and this was
like the official the the first clip
where we were showing like emotion to
each other and this was pretty see look
I have my arm round her she sat with me
she's on my lap like this was when the
viewers were getting the first sign of
chords in the making
wha
so this guy's is the bit where it
happens the first ever chords kiss on
camera drop like you're excited
subscribe if you're new let's do it so
yeah then we had a part in things got
wild this was the only clip that we
recorded that night the only claim so
you know typical marks here as usual
obviously I needed a little bit of
clickbait and you know one girl kissing
the chief wasn't good enough so I had to
do - no I'm saying but but look at this
right this was when it got a little bit
serious Cara chose to go for the mouth
knowing that that wasn't gonna be the
thumbnail she chose to go for the mouth
the iconic what I liked in guys that was
the first official calls kiss on camera
can we get a screenshot of that look at
that guy's that was the relationship in
the blossom cogs before cogs was a thing
care and molds first kiss on camera good
15,000 comments is safe to say you guys
were a little bit shocked that I'd gone
and you know got another girl to be
honest I think everybody was just
shocked to found what your improvement
you were like from the last one yeah no
I'm just talk to you I mean you learn
pretty fast so as you can see people
obviously blossom - you know chords
really really quick let's look at this
comment here
they're not hot and Kira is probably a
gold digger true how much did you pay
for the phone nail remember how much I
paid two hundred aged like two hundred
to nearly two hundred to you I lost
count how many girlfriends smalls has I
can count how many zero here's a comment
from Billy Clare Clare Wilson morgues
must not be very good of probably should
be at staying with girls
two months later calls is still going
strong
hailer Paul's is real is that molds
girlfriend brackets Brown heard one if
it is she so nice to him they ship the
ship is a word I don't even know that
thanks simply Shelby why is it that I'm
showing more heart the new girls opposed
will have more Heartland boys okay um
keep only one you know by your heart
okay guys well I mean that was reacting
to our first ever kiss on camera that
now is pretty crazy and you know who
would know who would have thought that
you know that night would have right on
- such a cute romantic
hartfeld lovely loving caring healthy
fun
please think incredible relationship
yeah so yeah guys that basically wraps
up another Korg's video loads more
coming your way really soon remember
guys I am uploading every single day
this December all 31 days last year I
failed at 31 days and morgues but this
year I ain't failing bro it's going down
I'm doing this for real this is like the
fourth day already I'm absolutely loving
it I'm filled with ideas you guys are
loved in the videos I'm loving it guys
31 days and more is gonna flip in be a
success
no guys if you want to stay updated with
all the fun days and morgs videos
remember to smash the subscribe button
down below and also click the
notifications bell to get notified every
time I upload a video
and also guys remember I am pinning a
gift card in the comment section of
every single video if you want to get
the gift card you got to get to the
video super early so by clicking the
bell you'll be notified and you'll have
a better chance of winning the gift card
and finally guys if you haven't got your
pork life merch remember to go down
there and copy it is the hottest merch
on YouTube bro I've got it all on it is
super light guys huge shout out to
everybody that's caught the pub life
most so far absolutely loads of you
you're all loving it so thank you all so
much I really appreciate it guys
link in the description if you want to
join the merch squad but yeah guys as
always I'm involved you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video please
