all the pressures down to you mom I'm
not I'm just homeless Dale hello team
olds and welcome back to another video
today and back month back and we're
taking on another nerf challenge now as
you guys know in the last challenge we
took each other on with the most
standard nerve plasters today we're back
again with lifts a brand new toy the
nerve nitro you guys are in for a
flippin awesome video today now if you
guys know there's one thing I love what
is it mom food apart from food you look
cause I look old
cause so you can imagine how happy I was
when I found out nurse new toys the nerf
nitro was a bit of a combination between
the blasters and also calls these Neve
buses right here they look like no other
blasters
but these no blasters actually shoot our
cars so I was thinking about how we can
make this challenge as epic as possible
how we can do something that we've never
done before and today in this challenge
what we're going to do is were actually
going to combine these Mythbusters with
our real car with mums blue Range Rover
we're gonna go out with the Range Rover
and use that as part of the challenge to
try and hit the best trick shots ever
that sounds absolutely fantastic and
obtain the car ready she's cleaning the
car so this is basically just gonna be a
big competition of who can hit the best
trick shots it's gonna be it's gonna be
a good video you guys are in for a
flipping banger today now if you guys
are new to the channel and you've never
seen my face before hello welcome to the
channel this is the channel where we
have fun we do loads of crazy challenges
loads of fun stuff so if you have
already joined the team remember to get
down there and smash that subscribe
enjoy the team and also today's question
for you guys to answer in the comment
section below do you play with nerf toys
I've been playing with nap all my life
and I'm so happy that they keep bringing
out awesome new toys for me to play with
and do videos on and I'm super excited
to get this one started
and yeah this video is gonna be a really
really really really really really
really good one let's go so I'm gonna
open all of these awesome toys out of
their boxes for you guys to see in just
a second but just before we do that
these toys were sent out to me by
Smith's toys thank you so much to them
now these are nurse NU'EST toys and they
are the fastest ever nerve toys they're
all about the Sun there's loads of
collectible cars and also tracks and you
can pull off the best stones not over
the obstacles and overall have loads of
fun with your left nitro and that is
exactly what I'm gonna be doing today so
I don't want to wait any longer I cannot
wait to get this started let's open all
these toys out of their boxes in three
two one
Oh boys and girls just like that I would
take you through all of them right now
starting from the smallest one which
one's the smallest I know you forget now
this one right here is the smallest one
that this is that the frontal shot blitz
and this one is super cool it's the
smallest one they do but it can fire a
one-car let me show you how this works
so you put your car in you put it on the
table like that and three two one more
gun I can't wait to go with this one is
the long shot smash a long shot smack
ooh let's go
I say why don't just make this even more
epic this is a ramp right here but shoot
it up the rumble might get cool show
that even hit the wrong one oh gosh what
about this one no I'm pretty sure that's
the flush fury chaos right absolutely so
firstly you can shoot up free cars and
secondly it comes with loads of other
accessories like this thing and if you
wonder what this is mom let me strip so
the cars are ready okay and then we can
go you're ready Marty's movie ready and
now guys for the main attraction we have
the motor fury rapid rally this is the
craziest one yet it comes with a box
filled with absolutely loads of
accessories we've got ramps barrels
tires buckets we've got everything okay
we've just set up the modes of fury
rapid rallying right here the way you
load this one is crazy check this out
you actually pull this out and load the
cars into here this can hold six cars
and listen to this guy's check this one
out
whoa it's ready no that sticks Bob it's
like car engines revving
ready to go so guys for this one we've
got a little demolition course set up
and we're going to switch over to slow
motion because I've got a feeling this
is going to be the craziest one yet so
Martin hit the slow-mo in three two one
fire
mooom what did you think about that did
you know what Morgan I am absolutely
staggered I know this is serious I
absolutely look this time it's great
this is why I'm still a kid guys because
the toys it is get him flipping insane
guys what we're gonna do right now is
get the second part this video started
we've shown you guys what these toys all
do now we're going to show you them in
action rounds a flippin Range Rover
we're gonna go out to a nice place with
the car we're gonna say everything up
and we're gonna try and make the most
insane trick shots we can with these
mouthblasters and the cars and the big
car guys men when we're gonna go out
we're gonna do it it's gonna be amazing
I hope you're excited come down below
which Blaster is your favorite and we'll
see you when we're in the next location
yo so boys and girls were out to the
second loca
so what hell's mom doing no she's in
there now I'm no but I mean you may have
noticed guys we have got the first stone
set up here I'm using the longshot blast
and what I'm gonna do position it on the
front of the car like this shoots it see
how many targets we can smash into mom
on the windscreen but wait wait wait
wait before we do that mom can we have a
rev so the louder the matter
one more
No okay I'm about to shut you up mom
guys this is the first skill shot we're
both gonna have a go at this this is on
the front of our Range Rover and of
course we're gonna do it in slow motion
because that is the only way let's get
some sick shots and epic angles up in
this video three two one
let's go
mom what did you think about that first
epic skill shot I want to go you wanna
go go I wanna get a sure yeah guys a we
do you think we'll need to go yeah yeah
let's flip and do it out you come
okay I've gotta admit mom that was
pretty epic she did pretty good but now
we're moving over to the flash fury
chaos and what we're gonna be doing for
this is something a little bit different
if you come round here I'm gonna be
balancing the plaster on the window like
this and I'm gonna have to try and shoot
through and get out the other window
obviously this bus has three cars in it
so I'm gonna get free tries at this
there mum's gonna get free tries and
whoever gets more through the window
wins Martin should we do it let's go
let's go for it well okay mine are you
ready I'm ready are you ready I'm gonna
count you down three two one go oh oh no
three two one go three two one Oh yo mum
oh you gonna do is get one foo more a
lot of pressure is on mum right now okay
then when were you ready go for it mom
can she do it let's find out three two
one oh my goodness
she was so close come on mum you can do
it too yeah I'm just I'm just setting up
for the final challenge guys for this
one I have got the motor fury rapid
rally which has six cars in it and I'm
gonna be taking six shots into the
bucket me mama both Grover go of this
and whoever gets more wins the final
challenge
don't move are you ready I'm ready I'm
ready guys team Oh
ready if you're ready drop like on the
video right now
and let's do this oh oh come on guys
free ball yeah - or chances one more
left let's see if we can get it yeah
even with the Nerf blasters I'm still
the king now it's over to mom to see if
she can beat four out to six it's gonna
be tricky for her how you feeling mom
you feeling confident feel like the
Queen the prank queens are gonna do I
think kings have we got this I think
we've got I think we've got this in the
book it so mom Annie in film why you've
decided to get on the roof so guys I
couldn't see it over the top of the car
even with a little stepladder so Morgan
just wasted me off but he's put me here
for Mom all this time for your challenge
another little bad outside this is gonna
be good
I'm gone
oh my gosh you're perfect
yo that's one out one so far good start
for Mom another one off the car did that
go in yeah three out of three okay mom
you can trust me I've got it are you
sure yeah I'm sure
no that's it you've got you four for a
five no mum if you get this last one in
then then you win but if you don't then
it's a draw all the pressures down to
you mum I'm not yes guys it was a joy in
the end your boy still gets that joy Oh
okay boys and girls survives the end of
this crazy nerve challenge I just want
to say a few things number one a huge
shout out to nerve for sponsoring this
video and also sniffs toys for sending
out the products we had so much fun with
these these are my favorite nerve
products I've ever played with yeah I'm
a play with these loads more in the
future because they are so much fun
combining cars with the traditional nerf
toys it's it's great I really enjoyed it
and when you're playing with them inside
a car that's also pretty cool we had so
much fun though with these these are the
newest nerf toys available the fastest
ones yeah at all about the tricks and I
think we did some pretty cool toys we've
been away
that was super yeah so guys I just want
to say if you're new remember to go down
there and smash that subscribe button
and drop a like on this video if you
haven't already comment down below if
you want more challenges with nerf and I
hope to see you guys back again for
another crazy challenge tomorrow in
tomorrow's video guys as always I've
been molds you've been long you guys
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out
