three-two-one
hello guys and welcome back to another
video today I'm coming at you guys with
a little bit of an experiment with me
today I have a load of different sodas
Pepsi Coke Fanta sprite we filled up all
today and as well as that as you can
probably notice we've got loads of water
balloons and I think you guys know where
this is going guys if you're new to the
channel and you've never seen my face
before hi my name is moles and this is
the channel where we do craziest
challenges the craziest pranks as you
can see I'm wearing my prank King merch
because you know I like to call myself
the king so if you haven't already
remember to go down there and smash that
subscribe button
go down there and smash that like home
as well guys how cool was that that was
actually don't like that was perfect
be a dad how many likes this video let's
do it Oh doing that so bad it's really
bad
so yeah boys and girls today we're gonna
be messing about with loads of sodas see
what the reactions we get and also the
main thing that's going down in this
video of the grand finale we're gonna be
doing a diet coke and mentos explosion
inside some water blue dyes and the
reason this video is going to be
particularly happy is because if you
look at these war balloons they actually
directly attach onto the top of these
sodas so these guys what we can do is we
can basically get a mentor
and then put these water balloons on top
so that the Warblers just go now guys
one more thing to tell you about before
we continue this video the new merge is
now confirmed and it's themed around
hook oh you guys have been asking me for
a just bring out some stock merch not
actually for dogs but he's got dogs on
it show ya guys we're releasing hoodies
and t-shirts my usual and we're also
bringing out two brand new items long
sleeve t-shirt and sweatshirts I've got
my load waiting at home back in the city
of England I cannot wait to get it on
start wearing it and guys it is out on
the set of December the Saturday so
stick your arms get ready it's gonna be
done and talking about things that are
going to be done I was doing which
tougher me right now I say we just get
started okay guys so what outside right
now it's a really nice day nice and
sunny we've got the table self as you
can see on this side we've got Fanta
lemon we've got Pepsi we've got seven
off and we've got this one which was
random we didn't even know what this was
it's called clucker and it's red and
it's strawberry so this is like a
foreign drink which is pretty cool and
then over here we've got the good old
Diet Coke
aka coca-cola light which is what they
call over here apparently
then we've got Fanta orange this is
probably my favorite drink of all these
however your boy does love a coke I've
got a good old best sprite for real who
doesn't love a good bit of sprite
whenever you know whatever the occasion
just whip out a ball of sprite it's
perfect bow and then finally the most
classic drink it's an all-time classic
everybody likes it it's just hope you
can't go wrong we have been a coca-cola
Oh ladies and gentlemen for this
challenge what we're gonna do we're
gonna take in turns to pick a drink
we're gonna make some water balloons
pour that drink and then once we got
loads of water bloons we're gonna throw
them we're gonna get the water bloons
with the sodas and then finally for the
grand finale with the coke light we're
going to make a diet coke and set a diet
coke and mentos explosion in one of
these but that but
what do you think we got so much variety
with all these we got all these what you
think bro I'm thinking we should go with
which one banded crank the standard comb
for the standard coke yo
this is an all non classic drink so I
mean I guess we just gotta crack it open
is it gonna fit though that's the
question yo every drink well every drink
nowadays just fizzes but yeah we've got
the normal coke little taste test bro
yep why not
nice and warm there yo even if it's warm
bro get still nice then what we're gonna
do we're gonna get our first pack of
balloons
we're gonna we go we're gonna go for
purple ones for the coke and now what we
can do we can just screw it straight on
always it gonna work oh come on baby
come on baby come on baby you can do it
baby baby you can do it okay fail
miserably no we got it we've got leakage
oh wait a minute oh it's not even a good
effort that yeah no he's working though
yeah check these out bow with a our
filling it's just not going very
efficiently and we're yo basically off
the coke is on the table for the first
set of balloons they're going pretty
good look at this look at him bounce
whoa yo the first coat balloon I think
we finally got the first set of our
balloons we've got we've got the coke
water balloon dry air bro no now happens
to them bro well this is the beauty
yeah yeah what we gonna give that a 10 1
a 1 but we have got some bro ohh
fives you're gonna give it a 5 exactly
well exactly elegant yes yo so guys we
just attached the balloons to all of
these drinks as you can see we even call
a cork or
toured to what kill order a tag clip
y'all we gotta go in the Clippers well
we gotta go with the Clipper bro oh yo
yo yo they don't they don't touch great
guys but who knows bro we're just gonna
go for it I'm saying turn it upside down
and let's fill these war balloons right
now weave the Clipper oh is what I can
bro no leakage all open man only a
little bit broke only a tiny bit of
leakage yo you squeezing it you're like
going in yo check out the size of them
guys they're coming along we're really
well in look at that bro I think that's
good bro and now do the honors broke
detach them decison bro come on so
what'd you do it's coming back it's
coming back out that's crazy guys to
shake it shake it bro shake it shake it
shake it oh a few of them yeah they are
but bro we don't matter we've got the
clip of balloons look at this wait whoa
bro well well calm down a sec well calm
down bro bro come on bro bro come on bro
well well well
I dived I bounced of jobs embarrassed of
the average bounced of the rock-solid
abs okay boys and girls we're gonna move
on to the next one now also I've got a
question for you guys I haven't asked
you this yet but comment down below how
of all these things we've got here which
one is your favorite
Patsy Fanta sprite or a sponsor or seven
or I want to see all your comments down
below oh cool a program for the Clipper
so you know what that let's go for the
Fanta lemon right now oh you're in a
Kangol Oh squeezing I'm trying so
milking a cow I don't want to imagine oh
that's a horrible thought if I leave it
down like that whew and just let it just
like you're just barely any leakage
popping big time now should we pop them
up twelve seconds later hold on okay no
these are these advanced alignments so
that means they don't stay walls
oh I'm also don't break Wow okay who's
doing the next one throws you back on
yeah let's do it
I've got an idea for you you listening
bro how about cue at once - what want
bro do you think you've got it in you
yes you think you've got it don't please
to do it bro do it go oh oh no a leakage
from the spray both of them it's
disastrous the vise-like grip from dad
he's point average in into the
look at that that is the best one nice
the best one yet well I've gotta give it
to you okay the orange is pretty water
so you just take them off one by one bro
look at this look at this laughing fine
everywhere yeah
whoa I say for these ones we do rapid
fire again oh no but we do it in slow-mo
bro yo whoa whoa whoa whoa let's get
some slow-mo up in this bit you know
what they say bro anything you can do I
can do better
quick it's boy boy look at this oh no I
want to we need to wake the Pepsi yah
yah yah yah yah now we got a knock them
all off bro
you ready free do what check that out
we've got serious water balloon swag
right now look at all these things
always get this straight right we've got
the sprite in the green ones we've got
the Pepsi in the blue ones we've got a
mixture of the cooler clip and the final
lemon in the pink ones
then in the white ones we've of course
got the seven or we've got the fire
Horan's
we've got a ginormous mixture here of
soda balloons poor guys there's one more
thing we need to do complete this but a
coke and mentos explosion drop alike
right now for this goer Mentos explosion
okay so the way I'm gonna do this guy's
I've got my pack of mentos I've got my
balloons here and of course I've got my
coke dier don't Blair I'm gonna open up
the Mentos and then I'm gonna put them
like that
and then I'm just gonna drop the entire
packet in and then plot that on as quick
as I can it's gonna be crazy dad are you
ready
guys are you ready twelve seconds later
three two one go go go go go go yeah
oh my god we like to see exactly one
more thing this calls for get ready what
can I say we try the best bro they
taught me in school to capitalize on
opportunities and I'm seeing it
opportunity right now yeah yeah yeah
yeah Oh
punch it well uh twelve seconds later
oh girl have mercy have mercy bro please
look you know what come on then bro come
on then bro yeah
yeah guys remember the 5ds don't
congra I've talked it all come on bro is
that all you got yeah have a back whoa
ha ha
guys I think what we're having this
little battle let's switch and get some
dope cinema things roll yeah
show guys that was filling water
balloons with soda soda versus water
balloons experiment what do we find out
dad it's messy it's just a little bit
messy that's not my job that is not my
job oh yeah guys if you've enjoyed this
video remember to go down there
and oh all over the one go down there
smash your like on the video and also
subscribe to the channel if you're new
and tell me what crazy challenge you
want me to do next and also guys if you
enjoyed this video you'll definitely
enjoy the video where I took soda and
put it up against the that can't
get wet we made a shirt that can't get
wet and put sewed up against that that
video will be linked in the description
so if you haven't already seen that go
watch it it's similar to this one but
it's really really cool
but guys thank your son for watching and
as always I've involved you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video please
ohh
