so ladies and gentlemen this is filling
your pool with 1000 glowsticks challenge
I'm about to dump these all in before I
do that go down there
smash alike on this video subscribe if
your new team orcs let's do this
hello guys are welcome back to another
video today the challenge king is back
now you may be saying mugs
what is that rattling in your merch is
it's the pranking merch well what's in
the pocket my answer to that is brah my
merch is filled with glow sticks look at
this we got white ones we've got green
ones we've got yellow ones we got blue
ones
dad do you know something about green
we've got a green one but trust me guys
you've seen nothing yet
over here we have absolutely loads of
glow sticks these bags have like 100
glow sticks in them we've got all these
right here we've got all these on the
table here and you guys have been asking
me for ages now mom's what are you doing
with these glow sticks and tonight I'm
gonna be showing you and believe it or
not guys I didn't buy these just to hold
them all and look at them all today what
we're gonna be doing is
glowsticks we've saved it until
nighttime so that this is gonna look
dope it's gonna be little it's going to
be filled with them this is gonna be the
craziest video in a long time now guys
if you're new to the channel and you've
never seen my face on your screen before
I'm morgg's AKA the pranking AKA the
challenge King I just do crazy stops all
the time this is the home of the
craziest videos you'll see on YouTube so
if you're not already subscribed go down
there and subscribe smash that like
button hit that light fun guys
and also bro how many likes video dad we
need a big target we need a target
that's gonna make everyone go twenty
five thousand and twenty seven twenty
five thousand and twenty seven guys it's
a crazy goal and one more thing guys if
you haven't already remember don't get
your merch out wearing my pranking merch
today that are you wearing your merch
bar still wearing the same wearing the
same merch to take you where can they
get it from though bro they can go from
Morgan merchandise calm /tao so guys
this is an idea that obviously never
been done before I'm all about creating
new things doing new things doing the
craziest things no one has ever filled
that pool with glow sticks as big as
this pair on the most channel we do
crazy stuff and set records and today
we're doing it in style
now usually the smart person would bring
a team to this the smart person will
bring a team to crack all the glowsticks
open them all up and put them in the
pool today we are a two-man band me and
Dad we're doing all this by ourselves no
messing about today we got a crack open
every glow stick rip it out the bag and
then crack it and dump it into the pool
before they all die and lose their color
guys it's going to be a crazy challenge
in itself get in
Poole and then we got a look at how is
and obviously we're gonna be getting in
the pool bro so watch till the end for
what we're gonna begin him but I see you
got your swimming trunks on still brah
we're gonna begin so guys that is all
are you guys ready to start
I am ready we've got all the gospel riot
of colors we've got variety of bikes
we're gonna rip all these open we're
gonna firstly get them all dogs on the
table in their packages and then we can
start opening them all up and getting
them in the pool brother the first one
right here you're the first one I ever
thinking what caught it's a blue one bro
the first loads that you don't we gotta
root or the first one breath till we got
on here and then I'm not sure bro think
always like you know he's but we're on
your neck
this is 40 marks is padded back to the
pool guys guys the first one of many
drop like if you're excited subscribe if
you we're gonna get going right now
five minutes later so boys and girls
we've just opened them all out of the
packet this is what we're dealing with
hey guys we've got an entire table
filled with glowsticks dad what are you
thinking any comment from you're always
drinking but he's whipping out the drink
over where do we start
we're just gonna start off no matter we
both we got to do it we're just gonna do
every single oh man here we go over the
first caught oh well another blue one
taught you through it so you can out
crack it bro
wait wait maybe maybe we should go for
formation maybe what we should do is
open them all and crack none of them and
then crack them all yo morgs with
another phenomenal idea let's do it that
way guys so we can then crack them all
and we can get for it once Brown just
crack em bro
let's do it let's do it that way bro no
another one enters pool we got two blue
ones in there right now
making a lot of an impact this is going
to be good okay guys so we've got a
little bit of a plan of action right now
we've got the first glow sticks here as
you can see we've just done about the
first two
guys we've got absolutely loads left but
the way we're doing it and opening the
packets and then dad is cutting the
strings off of all the glow sticks and
then once we've got them all ready we
can start cracking them but I say guys
we caught two little bit of a time lapse
guys three two one let's do it
Yahoo so guys are 20 minutes later we
have just been crapping it crappy crappy
to open those things guys we've just
been cracking open glow sticks for 20
minutes we've got ah we've got an entire
table spore bro we've got green red
orange we've got purple we've got pink
we've got blue we've got white we've
even got white ones here oh no that's
the blue line yo out of nowhere bro
so what but we're gonna do that we gotta
give these one crack and then they're
ready so we've got blue dad we've got
red what else have we got here we've got
green we've got pink orange bro don't
get an orange don't get orange oh wow
that's a crazy one
that's like white right there what's
that your the Army's is like crazy
no so guys these are the colors we've
got here we've got loads of different
colors we're all bright they're all good
yellow bro we got a yellow one as well
guys we've got to give them a bit of a
shake after you're doing bro you got yo
dog in the shape but yeah guys we're
gonna get started out now with the glow
sticks let's do it okay boys and girls
the glow sticks are ready some look ooo
we got the last one here if I am
look at that guys check out how much
these things glow they literally take
over the entire lighting of the video
there's so many of them guys they so
look how bright this is and then bam
you've got the glow sticks I tell you
what put my face next to these and
they'll make my face that color guys
we're gonna load them all up into a bag
right now so we can dump them all into
the pool at once guys they'll actually
shine through the bag which is going to
be epic but yes we just did so many glow
sticks we've got probably like a
thousand here so don't guys so cool
these things are awesome bro it's like
you're carrying like a buddy disco ball
shake that's out next for you bro it's
absolutely crazy
you always shaking it up look at that
look at that look at him shake it up we
got all of them in there you can see
them all you can see the red ones the
pink ones the blue you see the green the
yellow all the different colors take it
over to the pool dad so what I'm saying
is I grab that bag go around the back
and then just dump it in bo just close
by no I'll do it I'll do it bro so
ladies and gentlemen this is filling
your pool with 1000 glow sticks
challenge I'm about to build these all
in before I do that subscribe if you
knew he molds let's do this oh my god
the top and then you got some other
bottom right so joke down line up the
door look at all this spreading out
groans out living fool of that wall but
it's so doe you've got like a layer on
the bottom and then a layer on the top
that's soaked so guys as you can see
half of them are flow in half of them of
sang which is so cool because you got
like a bunch of them on the bottom and
then a bunch of them spread out on the
top nice so don't check them out as they
float guys how cool is that yo you got
to just get in well I think I think you
just got to do it and not blow in that
no no no he's swinging with a glow
sticks that is so cool yo so guys we've
just closed them all in a corner and
check out how cool that looks guys y'all
boring coming out of nowhere is so dope
but bro I think I got to join you in
there
I gotta join you in there bro let's do
it bro
Bly moves I want it to go down you don't
want you to swim on the bar until your
boom bike up with at least five in each
end
y'all to go let's count them down yo go
do it
one two three four five one two three
four five six
yeah how about I made it into a proper
competition how about I go down see how
many I can get in my hand who's coming I
can collect Intel cool and then you do
it as long as you want all about you
Brad
I'm worried I'm worried we've got a
useful lungs
Oh
oh dear Oh that was an early role what
we say y'all come over to the side
baby's looking good so I've got one two
three four five six seven eight nine ten
eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen
sixteen seventeen whoa whoa can you
think you do think you can beat
seventeen Hamid our boy team daddy's
thinking can do it
Oh calm down boy team over you think 17
is in are we saying EE quits on the same
time no no three two one go follow the
elegance on that gold the elegance on
that dive you gotta take that into
consideration maybe bonus points but
he's gone into the corner like me count
it down like that is the glowstick King
the glowstick master I can't believe it
by three bros so lucky 14 log we will
win a challenge eventually tea mugs we
will win this keep believing how about
now a different challenge how about now
we go under and we both have to race to
see who can get the most of one color no
no no we both take one color bro so
we're fighting for the color underwater
so I say we go for yellow so it's any
any yellow oh yeah
free-for-all one breath on one bro
oh no there's no never that bro
and this player is analyzed and he's
analyzing I say we do it bro okay let's
do it let's do it let's pop up the
camera are you ready to go three two one
oh I could hold my breath guys I
couldn't hold my breath
how many's you got I'm gonna go sit
before yes a a bro five six seven eight
no way hey what you guys I've got did
you just pick two all yeah you pick - ah
guys we've got a good ya know fake it
around over here a win for team orgs
right then guys that was filling my pool
with loads of glowsticks guys if you've
enjoyed remember go down there with a
glow stick or just with your hand and
smash that like button guys and also if
you haven't already remember to go down
there and subscribe to the channel for
more crazy challenges like this and also
guys comment down below in the comment
section what you want me to fill my pool
with next or if there's any crazy pool
challenge you'd like to see comment that
down below I'm finally guys you
remembered haven't already go get you me
I mean I would be wearing merch if you
weren't in the pool go get some merch
guys join the merch squad the hottest
squad on YouTube or guys I really hope
you enjoyed the video I hope to see you
in the next video and thank you all so
much for watching only quick know guys I
am also going to be doing 31 days of
morgues this December which is gonna be
absolutely dope and it's gonna be a
challenge guys so comment down below if
you're excited for that and as always
I've been loves you guys been awesome
and I'll see you in the next video peace
out if you enjoyed this video then
remember to subscribe to love this
channel and don't forget to leave a like
happiness thanks for watching
these are
