all the way through the lounge hello
guys and welcome back to another video
today we are in for a flippin treat boys
and girls team walks as you can see I'm
currently holding in my hands 10 bands
nice 10,000 pounds right here firstly
but it's flipping insane and secondly
what we're going to be doing today is
hiding this all around the house all me
and dad are gonna be competing in a
treasure hunt challenge to see who gets
to keep this money when I said we're in
forestry we are in for a flippin tree
are you ready bro yeah you definitely
were you were definitely excited to be
in this video where you bro oh yeah have
you ever held that much money in your
life no no oh this is gonna be a good
one isn't it well yeah
this money is currently sectioned in to
1,000 pound little bandits here 1,000
pounds each and we're gonna take in
turns one of us is gonna hide the money
and the other person is gonna have three
minutes to run round the house find as
much as the money as possible
and then that's the amount they're gonna
have the key but these are twitch guys
only one person is gonna get to keep the
money and the one person is gonna be the
person that finds the most amount of
their money so this is gonna be a real
treasure hunt challenge there's a lot on
the line right here thousands of pounds
on the line we're gonna see a different
side to me and dad here running around
this mansion fine as much as possible
it's gonna be a crazy video now guys if
you're new to the channel and you've
never seen my face before we're doing
crazy stuff like this all the time on
the channel if you know subscribed
you're definitely missing out so go down
there smash that subscribe button and
also dad see you
we've got 10,000 pounds I think it's
only appropriate we shoot for 10,000
right on this video and also guys this
truly is your last chance to enter the
iPhone 8 giveaway this giveaway has
literally days left guys so if you
haven't already entered its free of
charge there's a link in the description
I Phone 8 giveaway enter it before it's
too late
so yes I do not know what to do but it's
gonna be a crazy video and dad brought
ready you're not making this money for
me but I like my money but I like my
money also one more thing before we
start I'm loving the t-shirt where did
you get that from old cow yes I think it
came through the post I don't know who
sent it oh well do you like it do you
like it well it's good on you I do like
I do like it guys get your merch Marco
link in the description below I am gonna
hide it first that is gonna go like look
in the corner I'm gonna go hide it all
over this place I don't know where I'm
gonna put it but I got to think of some
good places guys real quick what I need
you to do is comment down below
hashtag team mugs or hashtag team down
on who you think is gonna win this
challenge guys let's get all that team
or spam in the comment section down
below I want to see the team mugs wolf I
love my money guys daddy's not gonna
beat me in this challenge I am the
flipping King bro okay so daddy's gonna
go down where you gonna wait that
apparently waiting in this tiny tiny
room that has a washing machine in it yo
we don't make sure it's legit but I
don't want you hearing anything ok so
guys update right dad is down there
right now
I've got the 10 bands right here I'm
thinking if we put about for you for
them outside and then maybe a good 7 in
here I don't want to put too many
outside so I need to get some out there
we need to definitely put some out there
I'm thinking the first one who's got to
be on one of these chairs I'm thinking
if we slip one under there that is bad
number one I'm thinking for bad number
two guys I'm a step up a little bit
I'm gonna come down here onto this
little Terrace bit by the tree right
there bro it's there I got it stuck in
there so the final band outside guys I'm
going to put it right here can we stick
in there yes we can right there
okay so the first bit of money is
hidding guys we're gonna get the other
seven we're going to put another two of
them in the lounge here can I put one of
them behind there
yah wait you're not going to stay it's
not gonna stay yo it's not gonna stay
you know jeez that's a good place right
there we've got another one there guys
and guys for the final one I'm gonna put
it in Dad's bag he is not gonna expect
that bro he's not gonna expect that
let's go back yo I can't even see that I
wouldn't even see that guys so that is a
good one I'm important in this wardrobe
do you know why because this one is
literally empty like there's nothing in
either of these like I haven't even been
in these yet so you know what I'm I feel
quite used on him I'm gonna just put it
there if you decides to look in there
he's got himself a band the other one is
gonna go in here guys in my bathroom in
the shower guys in my shower the final
note is there we got two more to put
downstairs by the way that has got
headphones on so he can't hit anything I
say I made sure he put headphones on so
that we can keep this all legit he ain't
one's gonna be in this room but wow wow
I'm sorry bro you're gonna still go
getting this one oh ho we're kind of
like can i push that in yo there we go
all the way to the edge
if you want that one you've got a
struggle care bro
and now guys the final band the final
one and it is going to go of course in
dad's room I haven't actually been in
here yet behind the curtains guys we're
going to put it there right there guys
and there we go
that is all of the Bands hidden we've
got free outside we've got two in the
lounge we've got one in the kitchen
we've got one in the back we got whip
they're everywhere guys you guys saw now
what we're gonna do and we go and dad
has got three minutes to go round to run
round and try and find as many as he can
this is gonna be awesome also guys
comment down below and rate my hiding
skills out of ten how do you think I do
do you think I hid them well do you
think I could have done it better I
think I did pretty good and you know
what guys I'm gonna surprise him I'm
gonna bust into the room and start the
timer then so he goes berserk you guys
I'm gonna grab my phone so I've got the
timer let's go do this let's go flip and
do this bro dad take the headphones off
take your headphones off you are no no
that's on the room
where you gonna put it bro yo he's got
one guys you've got one band so far he's
going all the way through the lounge
no no mr. Chen this is ten thirty
Seconds gone down your face I can come
bro they're always baby's legs and
everything yo time vinilo bro he feel
he's using a lot of time here y'all we
reppin the ball he's got UK bro down to
two bands 4.1 minute has gone bro no
he's gonna wash him a champ yo come on
dad you can do it bro how many more can
dodge every possible no he's gone mental
there this is the mental from dad yo is
he doing in a fridge bar he's in the
fridge
okay I'm found in ages yo one minute
Fagin bro that's half your time bro
he's gone already bro oh come on oh my
no much you still go in the kitchen he's
worth a lot of faith into the kids the
microwave
yeah some fun in the kitchen when's he
gonna always like the outside he's gone
into Moses room keeping yo he's checking
all the war dances always like them two
minutes gone look at the mess in this
room noise checking in there he's in the
bathroom yes but he's only on for five
seconds he's out on the floor
no Jonas look it it's always taken the
checking the Clarins I interesting
don't worry going you check it in there
no nothing in the bin
Cheney's ghost a second ago food second
free buy this coat outside he's going
outside
how much is how much can he do out here
how's he going of time to check
everything he's taking the chance he's
checking the chairs
No 45 seconds Gophers or 15 left well 15
seconds I broke now and now I'm a seven
six five one there you go bro
how do you think you did you got free
cable free back what well bro let me
reveal just some of the places that you
missed firstly you know how you pulled
these two chairs pull the rest of him
bro you go just have it look in the tree
broke there's a band in the tree
possibles this in three minutes
there's a band in the tree bro you
should have checked the tree if I fell
in the pool what would you throw me oh
oh oh he sees he sees it I saw outside
cuz I got them all can we get a replay
of when dad I first entered the lounge
and his head was right the picture going
all the way through the lounge look at
that bro right there in the picture
sticking out for you to see will be
choices I thought you are boring so
level you couldn't find any of you
little brown you checked the kitchen in
you did fine one world
and then from all these rooms are
actually got them all there was one
there and then one in my bathroom bought
checking downstairs was in the stage so
the first one broke was in your room it
was in the crib of dad and I hid it
behind the curtain broke down there and
for you to see and then the last one bro
was smart in the bunk bedroom check all
the way down that crease all the way
down there bro oh you'd about to do this
ahh pulling apart you're pulling apart
the back you'd about to do this gay you
know he destroyed the ban world so it's
my turn now and I'm just gonna learn
from what he's just done to me and hide
these as far apart as I possibly can
earth as possible away number one here
we go back inside we don't need any more
out here she'd waste some time coming
out here I don't think it doesn't even
know two bins they're probably so what
could we do with this easy
no waves you gonna get that oh here's a
good one
you'll never think this what that's not
one backup in the safe even if your
thinks of it then there's no way he's
gonna there's gonna waste time you'll
probably have forgotten the coat might
be a bit of a cheeto but I'm not show
that I've been doing it unlocked
beautiful that might be an easy one but
again it's spreading in my house I'm not
even sure you notice this coming to here
if I put always flow all this stuff or
they can put behind all the weights
again if she finds that take your majors
to pull them all out and everything so
I've gone to the left
what's oh no that's too visible is it
can I switch it on without a pilot go
down Oh beautiful no power those on the
brain it loads of draws even if he loves
taking ages pick the bottom one
right in the middle
oh my god yeah
so but is such a cheat but actually I'm
not going to change the places not of
that one who takes our H team find a
mattress fight while there's a move
through the mattress or to the other
side so if it does fight why did changed
insolent pillowcase perfect next one
watch this
perfect
this time now we've established you as a
massive Chi and Ho Chi and stopwatch you
started was obviously going to be there
but only have 10 seconds to Russia is
there an extra pounce if you don't find
any 26 seconds gone already at the
bottom just where we go we're gonna try
in here this could be a good idea I hate
you chubby that's 45 seconds God and
you've got nothing I don't think you're
gonna find one not that I'm competitive
or anything my hope you can find many
viruses virus about that's a million
five bombs Coolio minion 500 seriously a
minute and five oh no no no wait maybe
outside well where you were so keen this
one well all right come on man you can't
get real with it get jiggy with it come
on
don't stock mushrooms grow
even no freezer bro
microwave don't microwave it only got 36
must be one side a little outside trick
my three looking good right now because
you've got 20 seconds left shall I carry
you down the hero the morgues himself
I've just been devastated devastated by
his wily old gray-haired dad oh my
goodness oh no there was one down there
well I had a different strategy to you
know I thought get into the forensic oh
no nice bastard you know guys ridiculous
oh oh that's one
that was actually you know how easy this
would have been to fine
no I liked you there Oh shush ridiculous
ridiculous Penny's going scary when she
I didn't she remove one out of the room
no no my goodness
which aligns the best oh no because you
actually picked it up oh my son is so
beautiful and so again because you never
tied it oh this is why I've never got
this one in between the glows so well a
deal is a deal you didn't get ten but
you got free are you happy with free at
least your warning I mean I only got one
so it's kind of I'm happy well of course
I warned and that was my main goal yeah
but I mean you enough for you going
richer so they know so this is that
feeling okay it's really good so here's
deal for you right head to toes what
head to tails what Oh like really get
smart so if I win sorry I'm even your
money's nothing so that's tails and I
know that's that's heads yeah to the
Warner's heads okay what are you going
for
you can paranoia you call it okay I'm a
gamma go for heads so you're gonna go
you want the number one to that really
like for lotion spinach spinach minute
army best shot well
let's try it I got it with you I'll give
you one last chance if you will you get
my six yeah anyway you get the full and
I nothing bro ten grand or nothing I
like for the floor I'm going heads again
head to gamble
screw you had give me that where is that
euro you guys know I get happy that no I
don't want to keep it getting there
give me that flipping your I don't ever
want to see that euro again bro
ah well guys that concludes the treasure
hunt video this has been a crazy one
guys
I've really enjoyed this despite losing
a lot of money but still it has been a
good video a lot fun remember guys if
you commented team that battle a few
congratulations remember if you're not
already hit that subscribe button down
low to join the squad
and smash a like on the video let's go
ten thousand likes on this one and also
guys remember the iPhone 8 giveaway is
still open not for long though this is
your last chance to enter so the link to
that is in the description below don't
miss out on that Oh finally if you want
to talk to me
intra or me on all the other social
medias links are in the description
below Twitter snapchat Instagram I'm so
close to 500 K on Instagram so if you
could follow me on there that would
really really be appreciated guys thank
you so much for watching and as always
I've been more you've been dad you guys
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video 3 Oh
