oh yeah I know how much you wanted my
phone so I thought I'd get your knife
and eggs and would you understand I got
you an iPhone that will be one thousand
three hundred pound all right just it's
an iPhone killer I just bought you an
iPhone hello team modes and welcome back
to another video you're probably
thinking right now
morgues why are you in a dressing gown
why have you got pajama bottoms on where
the hell is the merch and to answer my
question guys unfortunately I'm still
I'm still ill but guys the illness is
finally blowing over so what I need you
guys to do is all team up down there and
smash that like button I've got a
feeling if we can get 10,000 likes on
this video by the next video the illness
will be gone now today's video is
exciting for so many reasons the main
one being I just got my brand new iPhone
app Oh
oh no way that's not iPhone X is it mom
that's the that's the iPhone eight I'm
currently giving aways and that's the
giveaway iPhone well I mean I guess guys
if you haven't already entered the
iPhone 8 giveaway then enter that the
link will be in the description below
it's free to enter and it's ending
really really soon so if you haven't
already entered what are you doing link
in the description go attend to it here
is the iPhone X that I've been talking
about guys I just got this delivered in
the mail this morning and oh my god
I am literally so excited to get this
open here is coming back hope to stay at
the crib and I'm gonna be telling us
it's that this iPhone X is for her when
in reality it's just for me because your
boy needs the new iPhone Morgan you're
terrible how can you do another prank on
her after what you did last time she's
not gonna want to stay mom mom I'm the
prank oh I'm not wearing my merch guys
but I'm still the prank King
yo so boys and girls quick outfit change
what am i rocking today you may be
asking first
you've got the jeans which I wear
literally every single video and one
seems to you know be zoomed in on the
whole there your nice little shaman the
you are very hairy me we've got the
Ralph Lauren jacket but to top off the
entire outfit nothing else has anything
on the pranky King merch you guys know I
don't own a better hoodie I don't know
any better clothing than the prank King
link in the description Molko go get
your match but right now me and mama
heading out we're gonna go for a drive
then we're gonna pick up Cara once she's
back home we're gonna do the prank this
video is on track to be a BAM you guys
let's go more credit check away the new
Easy's no I just put them on but just
old
well fit like you mum
yeah three two one roll roll well no not
stomach roll oh whoa
I'm kind of a large cheeseburger please
some no good no more good that we since
sorry it's been silly no no it's not
what you want okay guys we're reunited
with the camera right now we've just got
a taxi on the way home as you can see
drivers say hi yeah but that face with
all you are just my driver compound sir
but we have to pay for this thing
okay guys we're just on the way home now
kara do the transition boy okay kara me
pull go round two
I'm gonna go drinking the recognise you
listen who'll go Bruno wait really the
funds yeah you need school you can have
Pogo
okay so boys and girls right now as you
may be able to tell I'm in my mum's
bedroom why am I in here
you may be asking no it's not because I
like mom's room I want to be in here
it's because guys
I am currently setting up for the prank
on Kara
right here as you can see I have the
brand-new unopened iPhone X now to make
this believable the way I'm gonna do
this is it was Kara's birthday a few
weeks ago and I'm gonna say it's a late
extra birthday present because obviously
if I just turn up with an iPhone I know
where she may be a little bit suspicious
but if I say like hey it's for your
birthday and it's just a late present
maybe she'll believe that more than if I
just ran
give her an iPhone out of nowhere Plus
also when were it takes in the other day
she did say how she wanted to get one of
these iPhones and she was still deciding
so it would make sense for me to buy her
one
even though yeah I'm probably not that
nice yo 10,000 likes and I'll actually
buy carry an iPhone X but you got to
leave that like and subscribe
curio Kara can I have your attention
no Kara I think you might want to give
me your attention when you figure out
what I'm about to do so let me just let
me just kick it let me just slide you
away over here okay so Kara as you know
it was your birthday a few weeks ago
am I correct yeah am I correct so as you
know I obviously me and your friends we
all got you a cool hotel but I never
really got you like a physical gift like
I got you the white jeans to be fair
which have you got with you right now
have you no no no she's grateful she's
grateful good Kara obviously ever since
that I've been thinking you know maybe
maybe she's like do another another
surprise you know I'm saying because
obviously I get to keep up oh no no not
quite yet you want it I don't know I
don't know if you I think once you see
it your opinion may be changed don't
make sure yeah yeah okay Kara
did I win the giveaway no I got it yeah
what good is this yours
it's the time it's the new one no I'm
being serious as yours
hold it yeah no judging me I've got my
own ordered mine's here yeah you've been
ungrateful right now I've got you an
iPhone there's only one thousand three
hundred pound all right you think money
grows on trees don't you guess what it
doesn't right this is a hard-earned cash
this is hard-earned cash all right this
is hard-earned cash I deserve some
respect over there
I said brand-new iPhone where's the
gratefulness I understand would you
understand just it's an iPhone camera I
just bought you an iPhone because I've
really enjoyed these last few moves
spending time with you and you've been
really nice to me and you know I I like
you I like you a lot so I just thought
I'd repay you with a nice little gift
I'm gonna get some thankfulness or no
I'm just gonna take that but I can keep
that you know I can keep that what can I
keep it really do you don't want that do
you want it you know what yeah you can't
anymore I'm taking about I'm taking it
it's mine now
no no watch watch this watch this
you could have had this this could have
been yours what can a man do to get some
damn thankfulness in this world all I
wanted was a thank you okay so boys and
girls I am actually gonna unbox this
right now I mean I've taken the wrapper
off so as some of you were probably
really annoyed at me for that because
apparently the rap is the best bit but
boy I don't do wrappers around it I
ain't got time to peel off a wrapper
like this I just whip it off boy I ain't
buying the iPhone for a rapper like Kara
I'm buying the iPhone for
phone I didn't care about the box okay
guys I'm gonna give you an in-depth look
at the unboxing experience design by a
California boy I don't care I don't care
what California if I wanted to read
about California I'd go online I don't
go in an Apple box boys and girls here
we have the phone I'm gonna just slip
down there do you want to know else we
got in the box the same as all the other
iPhones I don't care just the earphones
a stupid charger boy I ain't here to sit
down again
Wow the iPhone X gave us a different
pair of earphones then along the charger
boy I only care about the phone I I'm
pulling these unboxing channels to shame
right now I just seen yeah I'm calling
you up now naturally but yeah I don't
care about the box boys and girls
Oh daddy yo that is that was pretty
flippin cool okay oh I was telling on yo
yo yo yo mad Cara I don't want to be
rude I mean you're looking great and
everything but you kind of kind of in
the way the shot three two one bang oh
okay yo that's a little bit bad guys
your boy back in the center spotlight
where it flippin belongs so boys and
girls right now it is about eight
o'clock it's got on a little bit guys
but basically since then all I've been
doing is played what do you want to shut
up stop messing with me bro don't let me
come over there
so yeah boys and girls I'm just messing
with this phone for the past two hours
and obviously loads of these tech
channels your watch will be like
praising it for everything but your boy
I'm here to give you the in-depth true
review I had the iPhone 7 before this so
yeah the first thing I'm gonna do is try
and outsmart the face ID you guys know
about the face ID the brand new feature
we ain't got no home boy anymore no
freakin from scanning ID thing it does
your face and obviously I'm quite an
ugly guy I wouldn't sound really I
wouldn't I'm very attractive and I
wanted to test you know number one does
this work with an ugly face because
obviously you know the guys that are
tested on they'll have all been like
super
how about an ugly guy so basic test
guy's face ID Joe didn't work wait it's
put a message up on the screen morgues
you ugly boy it doesn't work for ugly
people no I'm joking guys it did work it
got away with this one but now guys
wander to do I'm going to take this to
the next level I'm gonna pawn a balla
flippin Colaba and see if it still works
ok yo guys we're good let's see if the
iPhone X recognizes me by like just this
part my oh hey Joe so work it about
smart it come on brah
come on brah wait what if I pull it down
a little bit
yo it's me it's me see it's me dick god
damn what if I'm out on a ski trip wife
I'm out and I'm trying like stay warm it
won't work I want a refund iPhone 8 is
back get the iPhone 7 get a flippin
Samsung I'm not having any of this
anyway boys and girls I'm getting a
little bit off topic right now me and
kirio are going out to a really fancy
restaurant we're gonna have a good time
I'm gonna take you guys with me and I'm
also gonna try out a few more tricks on
the iPhone 7 while we're out there and
you may be saying most are you gonna be
wearing a suit are you gonna be wearing
like a fancy jacket there's gonna be
wearing some Gucci I mean apart from the
Hat
no I'm not I'm going in the mortgage and
I'll swap you now it's getting a little
bit sweaty I'm wearing the white one
with the blue riding guys if you want to
get your own link in the description
guys is our twist merch on YouTube I've
been taking this off in about 17 days I
just nothing beats it guys nothing being
said Marco go get your merch but right
now I mean Kerry going out so I'm gonna
do the transition in 3 2 1 okay
okay so me and Kara have just arrived at
the restaurant Kara what food are you
fancy and today you get a lobster
serious no way I can tell me be serious
on you actually go upstairs to and I've
always wanted to try it and I can I try
better yours on camera because everyone
always says it's amazing but I've never
had it you actually get Lobster no I'm
not joking that's where everyone just
always say what you know well you just
got my hopes up for nothing care what
you actually going literally guys I'm in
George's but all day today I have had
like no food I woke up this morning mum
cooked me some like egg on toast I ain't
gonna lie mom I know you watching this
it was not very good and everything said
I've just been running on white drink so
your boys ready to get the fattest
juiciest steak ever in the flippin world
right now okay boys and girls so the
meal has just arrived
I changed your mind I decided to not go
with steak dough for more of a healthy
option as you can see I just went for a
play like this because thing is right
I like being healthier like staying
healthy you know keeping bit I don't
know like pop more come back so I mean
Pammy let's just
nah nah yo so we've just got back home
we're greeted by a big fat mall but how
was your day out bit more have you been
drinking a little bit had a couple of
drinks oh my god and she say she's not
an alcoholic so mum well I'm gonna ask
you a few questions about you now okay
okay question number one yes how many
people have you been out with three does
Martin count as one of them yeah
two old people and one person apparently
you've been out with another bald person
yeah - Bobby your thing for bullies no
it's just the I hated mohawk and it just
happens if you got a thing for baldies
mom joke then big bald eggs
has it been a mental night absolutely
crazy
she should be dying for info you should
be dancing no she's not be dancing there
should be mental mum have you been a you
love it do you think you need a not
crazy look are you sure you okay yeah
how many fingers oh one four five one
five off a thumb yeah boys and girls
ladies and gentlemen goldfishes and old
dogs and cats and mice and hamsters and
gold diggers like care oh wait we just
got home right now I'm low-key kind of
not feeling too good again right now I'm
still ill guys so all I'm asking for you
guys if you want to make me feel bad
drop a like on this video and subscribe
and if you want to make me feel wow just
just if you want to basically cure my
illness go down to the description get
yourself some mugs merch it's proven to
make you 99.9 percent more attractive
Loki today's been a pretty awesome day I
mean I got the new iPhone I managed to
actually end up with it not care which
was definitely a good thing because you
know I I needed the new one I'm not
gonna lie so hey guys if you want me to
do another video on the iPhone X maybe
do like testing out the face ID trying
to trick it make it not work with those
different masks and face paint and stuff
drop a like on this video and also are
you getting the iPhone X tell me
in the conversation below and finally
guys remember to go enter the iPhone 8
giveaway Wednesday iPhone 8 where is it
where is it go enter guys the iPhone 8
giveaway is coming to an end really soon
so enter it right now before it's over
this is a brand new iPhone 8 up for
grabs for one of you it's free to enter
all you have to do is some tasks like
subscribe to my channel the link to
enter is in the description but guys as
always
Adam old you guys been awesome and I'll
see you in my next video peace out if
you enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe mug this channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have any
peanuts thanks for watching
