we're gonna be Hankel for a week
right now
Oh we'll be careful you'll see that hi
welcome what are you doing why'd you do
that well Kira since we had to break up
in the last video I thought this would
be a perfect way to make the
relationship strong okay Morgan I
enjoyed my time away from you
it's okay Kara it's not only 24 hours
it's not too bad I guess 24 hours times
seven little behind off for a week what
no I can't even stay near you for 24
hours walk you're not doing this for a
we take me out let me out now hit me ow
what's the game guys we're in for a wild
ride ahead well I am promising you guys
by the end of this video
their relationship will be back on track
and tour we'll be together okay
Morgan good luck with that : can we
don't rubble Danny get in the shower if
you don't you're gonna handcuff me to
you then we're doing it my way the way I
wanna do
there's nothing I can do fully I'm sorry
I can't take this anymore yeah yeah I
can't deal with this you won't know he's
come on one evening when anything I can
well how do we go carrot seriously we
could just leave if you want to go you
can take it to the train station I have
an idea what what what translation
what's Kyra we can't go to the train
station
Tara you know what you may have just
dragged me into a car drag me from the
car into the train station and dragged
me onto a random trail it's okay you
know what positive outlook
I just want to know where are we going I
don't know what you mean you don't know
I just really wanted to leave so I just
found the next train and then I just
kind of got on it and I don't know where
this is going
seriously you don't know what are we
doing all trains don't go to the same
place that's not how it works
everybody common download right now and
go I think this train is heading to I
have no idea let's just hope it's
somewhere where we're not gonna get
murdered
the challenge is off to a great start
guys I was just looking out the window
and I saw a sign which said London books
wouldn't is a big place okay it's a
massive scary city with lots of scary
things happening in it and I don't know
whereabouts in London we're gonna end up
booked here are Elise when this together
Kiera seriously how much longer do we
have to walk we've been walking for
almost an hour
where's your house good we've just got
taxi or something yeah
so why didn't we do that no seriously I
think it's just at the end of hit
what the hell was that noise
should we go taxi guys it's literally
midnight right now the entire day one
has just been me and caring walking and
exploring random places this has been a
nightmare it was your fault for getting
us on a stupid train it was your fault
for handcuffing me to you stupid anyway
we're finally at Karis house and I think
it's bedtime
Oh Cara can you maybe skew up a little
bit
you're taking up the entire bed what do
you mean when I said this was my way I
mean like my bed's just me in all of it
wait are you seriously telling me I
can't sleep in this massive double bed
you can sleep on the floor the cop is
quite nice I'm gonna get you back for
this
guys I'll see you tomorrow
good morning guys
how was my night you're asking it was
pretty awful no guys this challenge may
not have started how I expected it to
meaning I didn't expect to be sleeping
on the floor stranded in London however
guys I made your promise that Kohl's
would be back together by the end of the
video and I have a trick up my sleeve
ladies and gentlemen I've booked the
train to Paris I guess who is coming
with me a few moments later Morgan for
the last time please just tell me why
you forward to the station again Keira
is a surprise you're just trying to get
revenge for me taking you yesterday I've
booked as a train somewhere
this is surprise I'm not gonna tell you
come on
I do know where it's going we're
handcuffed together let's just go come
on
Cara are you ready what do you mean
you'll be going to like Afghanistan well
you gotta have to get on it leaves it a
minute Morgan we're actually are we no
one speaking English and it's really for
did you actually take me to Afghanistan
Kara no unfortunately it's not
Afghanistan is better yeah seriously
it's not Mexico either just come on come
on come on come on oh sure I'm really
sorry to bother you but my boyfriend
just took me to this ran in place and I
don't know where we are can you please
tell me where we are
Carole I hate to break it to you both
that's a pololine seige all the people
look different here why are people cool
come on say
hey I'm really sorry not to bother you
or anything but no one's really speaking
English and I'm kind of freaked out I
don't know where I am
could you please maybe tell me where I
am
thus a vending machine please help me
mrs. Kira select is the name of the
vending machine it's not a person okay
guys so we've officially arrived in the
secret location guys I've got to be
super quiet because if I'm loud Kara's
gonna hear me and she's gonna know that
this is all just a big surprise on her
you do realize I'm right here right I
mean we are literally handcuffed
together oh my goodness guys that was
such a close one I don't think she heard
it's a rule kara it's the vendôme Kara
law it's literally a hotel what what I
watch laser vendôme CJ OCCC baby I got
either nicest room in the entire hotel
look at this this is magnificent
what do you mean you don't just a what's
not to trust babe I don't trust it I
don't know where we are
these aren't real walls it's just a set
time kara see you've even got one so for
that mothers over there both of us how
do you expect us to sit on both of them
at the same time we're Hancock seeker
this'll work we do
well take a look at the rest of hey Cara
I know you're a little bit grumpy you
won't be grumpy when you see this what
how a double bad that means what you
both sleep together after you've done
this you can just sleep on the floor
again and you know what hotel flaws that
really does so that means the kira who
can go to the toilet separate well this
is so stupid
I'm not doing this again off there last
time your poop is so bad you have a
bottle of fire I hate it that's it more
good I refuse you wanna go to the toilet
I'm not coming and you know what your
bar could just explode Caracara whoa
whoa I know this situation isn't perfect
but once you see this this will really
make it all better
mooo kara so I can use this thing over
here while you use this thinker I can
use it over here while you use yeah yeah
this was a bad idea
no I want to go home all of this is so
stupid and you know what you won't even
tell me where we are if you're going to
tell me I'm just gonna go take a walk
around the streets and look for myself
okay
no no Kara Hey Hey look out you can't
just take me please Hey please Kara no
stop no cure you don't wanna know
wait welcome where are we have been
walking for ages Kyra I don't know how
we haven't noticed yet literally look up
there look at that
who don't see where we are are you blind
Kyra yeah you just say Big Bang but it's
not big bad we're not a London that's
the Eiffel Tower wait how do we get to
France did you put me on a plane no I
don't like paint you can't do that Kyra
no no there was no plane I put you on
the underground train it went underwater
wait so you seriously handcuffed me to
you for all of this sighs you could
surprise me with this hmm this is so
cute wait does this mean they get to be
on handcuff from you Kara the surprise
is it over yeah still just so much
places for us to go and so many things
to do is this stupid I hate
whoa I'll kill no no no Oh kick carrot
no you can't disrespect the woman Eiffel
Tower it's not a stick Cara it's the
Eiffel pain they don't be disrespectful
to the Eiffel Tower okay we have punch
lures or at what our Big Ben's better
anyway whoa Cara third thing this is you
know cue Moldy don't you seriously
Laura's dad well then Kara I guess we
have no other choice wait with a process
yes
oh I'm not adding to those ones oh it's
a bit late now
whoa Kara
this food looks amazing are you enjoying
the day in Paris well on uppity hey hey
hey hey seriously hey hey it's my turn
look at the vote is going cold I want my
fish oh my face what yeah Oh Steve I'm
sure to use my head kara I've really
enjoyed my day today with you it's been
great do you agree yes I knew this would
be a great idea and this would you know
help the relationship I feel right now
literally more connected with you than
ever because of these Harnack orbs what
a great idea this all walls it was kind
of a good idea you know I've had such a
good time and like you kind of surprised
me like it was pretty cute oh baby that
was so nice of you I can't wait for
tomorrow what's on hand cause I thought
you liked the idea I thought you just
still enjoyed today because we were so
close huh yeah I kind of said though so
maybe you'd let me
your phony Cara no that's it Morgan
you're sleeping on the floor again
get out down
Morgan hmm
what do you think you're doing no don't
pretend to be asleep I know what you did
I can feel you Morgan is not here
Morgan government fall back on the floor
you put these handcuffs on you have to
sleep on the foot bye I'm going to sleep
without you
boom
well good what are you doing why are you
in the very guard bird oh my god forget
it Morgan I can't do this anymore I'm
getting off it's like hmm I don't care I
gang up okay you go I'm gonna stay here
I'm in case you forgot Carrie you're
handcuffed together so I don't think
nobody going anywhere far wait guys it's
like 2:00 p.m. it's been like six hours
since I woke up it's crazy Morgan's
laying here next to me he just won't get
out there I don't know why I've tried
everything I tried stopping him I've
literally tried punching him I tried
dragging him out the bed he weighs about
five thousand star and he's just not
moving he's like a dead whale but
there's one thing that I haven't tried I
really didn't want to resort to this
because this is my bed too but no you're
not waking up
nothing okay didn't wanna have to do
this Morgan sorry this way pull Cara I
would suggest we actually do this
Kiera you do realize that you need two
hands to swim right we're gonna have two
women together
nope about middle hands are useless so
we could actually help to use this hand
Cara are you ready yeah I'm not either
oh my Tara you start drowning then I
drown with you you better not job guys
if Kira sinks you guys all know what
that means right it means icing is
paradise I
which means probably a high chance that
both of us are gonna break out the
swimming pool especially because no one
else is down there so if we sink and
dive and is over and guys if I die I
have one dying wish I want to die with
six million subscribers and if you look
down below we are this close we are only
a few hundred thousand away and guys if
every single one of you watching this
right now
subscribe to the channel we will hit 6
million and my wish will be achieved and
also guys there's still time to enter
the iPad pro giveaway all you have to do
to enter is subscribe what the hell are
you doing go down there smash that big
red button and subscribe but right now
we're about to do
swim can't swim
although we're doing it we're doing it
right
would still be kidding me all night
hey hey why are you growling at me
Carolee sad that the swimming didn't
really go as planned
kara you are you mad at me yeah how do
you want to go shopping you heard of
guys let's go
okay guys kara has just literally
dragged me into this expensive designer
stuff found this coat but guys is 1000
pounds and I'm not made of money I can't
afford that Morgan that come it's so
nice it's really nice than anything you
have all of your boobs are so ugly you
need together
I can't do it I'm sorry it's not
happening I didn't want to have to do
this but you've made me do it okay no no
no no Carrie you can't drag me you can't
try Carrie you can't drag me to the pill
you can't do hello yes okay I want to
buy it
yes I'd like my receipt hey Carol look
this is literally a female version of my
Conan it's one thousand two hundred two
hundred more seeing as you kind of
forced me to buy that hmm
to see your I'm going with this well
we're handcuffed together so you're
gonna come with me and we're gonna go
and buy this coat Morgan please my
baggage I can take this yep we're gonna
buy it
this 1,200 do I have to do yep okay okay
guys as you can tell we're back in the
hotel right now okay number three I'm
not a great date today I got this new
coat which I really like now by the way
we went swimmin earlier which was so
much fun
I think they free might have been the
best day yeah hey Cara did you have a
good day today no I can't see you
Cara hey what's all you know what's not
more good it's so many bad things to me
anything is all gonna be okay just
because I got stupid couch money I think
I'm gonna die my banks freaking texting
me like oh you're spending so much money
in a foreign country
Olga is this going too far you've done
so many stupid things firstly why did
you even Hank off meet you in the first
place why didn't you think that was
gonna help anything man you do so many
poops all of the time they all smell
like poo that's disgusting
doesn't smell good making I hate it you
put me on a train you draft me on
we're just stupid large body well you're
gonna have to get on it leaves in a
minute you took me to a foreign country
I don't even know where you got my
passport from because you drown me maybe
spend all of my money I feel like a wet
dog I just
I can't do it Morgan I hate you we were
we watch hey hey hey papa baby baby hey
calm down hey hey hey you're actually
serious do you really want to be on home
cook yes my dogs I don't want to be in
stupid handcuffs in fun well okay let's
go get the key then it's just in your
bag over there
what so you're telling me it's whole
time I have the key yeah the bag before
you keep it under or something you know
what Morgan you don't even get it get to
upload this because try to hack off me
for a whole week and I'm sure the titles
gonna be i hack off myself to my
girlfriend really but you know what you
only got three days stupid click beta I
win people held video is over well the
video isn't quite over yet is it
Keira what do you see down there what do
you mean what do you see down there what
did I say at the start of the video
we're doing this whole challenge for
Cara to help rebuild the relationship
this was supposed to be a nice challenge
the girl's back on track however by the
end of it then you were laughing at me
you were gloating in my face you
humiliate
me and you clearly don't care about the
relationship carer so there's only one
more thing left no Morgan no no
completely please don't drop it please
don't really want to be trapped in these
stupid handcuffs forever please don't
drop it please
I love you I'm saying that now because
the keys over the edge yeah okay okay
okay okay
Oh what did you actually use for it did
you throw it now it's in your hand
please tell me it's still in your hand
no way what a PC we get a piece looks
like the promise I made at the start
wasn't a lie we really are gonna be back
on track together friends everybody
subscribe to the channel right now to
enter the iPad pro giveaway there's only
a few days left to enter so if you're
watching this right now this is your
last chance to subscribe and enter the
giveaway my dream orgs you guys have
been awesome peace out
