I think this farce already everything
I'm sorry video I'm so mad I'm going
home or if you like you hello guys and
welcome back to another video on the
mods channel firstly how we all doing
are you having a good day I've woke up
bright and early today at 12 a.m. yo and
you're probably saying mug that is not
really but it is to me okay and this is
my life now today's video is gonna be a
little bit crazy mainly because I'm
doing a prank today and surprisingly
it's not on the woman that's behind the
cameras thank you know as you know Kara
is staying with us at the moment and and
throughout this week she's been saying
how she doesn't think that I'm the Frank
King she's auntie mom she is a prank
Queen however she won't be saying that
for long because today I'm gonna be
doing a laxative prank on Kara
hello darkness my old friend
oh no you're not that son no no no that
is not awful yes you can prank no limits
brah
the prank King has no limit worth now if
you are new to the channel and you've
never seen my face on your screen before
welcome to the channel on this channel
we are team mods aka the prank kings
fill up the prank and have fun on this
channel so hit that subscribe button
down below to join the family also go
get your own pranking merge to the link
in the description below I'm reppin this
everywhere I go til everyone knows I'm
the flippin came and you can too
12 seconds later morning babe
you look really good for Thank You yo
I'm gonna get was an outfit tall real
quick
wait what you're talking to me oh yeah
oh really
yeah I'm just promoting my new time
solution ah shit comes out tomorrow so
she asleep idiot
yo prank King is the only match in the
game that deserves to be promoted here
12 seconds so cure where we going right
now than babe outside we're going
outside we'll leave in the room for like
the first time since Kara actually
arrived here we're going to Sheffield
and this is Kara's first time ever in
the actual city center of Sheffield so
are you excited it's not good okay lower
your expectations maybe so Kara decided
to sit behind me in the car bad decision
boys and girls right now we're going off
to Sheffield the show plays here guys
show for Mom a few moments later
if you okay so mom is gonna give care a
little tour of some of the famous
landmarks of we're all right now which
is a really bad part of Sheffield so go
go ahead and whenever you ready
I mean carry this put there called the
Abbey that's just been done oh these are
new like new traffic lights they've got
it's like a new traffic light system
they've just put on all the seats but
it's really back after queue for ages
now full of life and color and then yeah
mmm
that there's a dog there's a shop there
that you can take your dogs to have them
wash and a doctor's surgery down there
oh yeah I didn't realize you had such
advanced technology here yeah
hey little fella hey bruh
oh my god that's an accurate
representation of me trying to make
friends
Kira wait seriously wait wait look it's
my mum Salty's I'm richer at 16 okay
guys so Kira has just gone to the toilet
which gives me a minute to kind of
reoperation rethink this entire thing so
obviously I'm out with her I didn't
really think this through
but what I'm gonna do I'm gonna go in
like a clothing shop with her so she
gets in the mood looking at clothes then
I'm just gonna sneak off just gonna
leave her and go to like a chemist round
here and that's where I'm going to get
the laxatives I've never ever used
laxatives or bought them in my life so I
don't have a clue how this is gonna go
which ones are good which ones are bad
but I guess we're gonna have to find out
guys we're in this together
we'll get the prank King is back in
action boys and girls no that looks
amazing
talking about that right here that looks
amazing I mean you look okay moments
that okay well you could have told me
that why'd you have to always create a
scene sorry sorry I lost my temper a
little bit moments that guys I Loki need
to go and get this like status when
she's not looking
I know from no clue how I'm gonna do it
because like I'm really not prepared for
this but guys I guess we'll try best of
course I take care into boots and the
first thing she does is goes to the
perfume section icarly bleh me to be
honest there ain't exactly too much else
to look up I'm gonna go get my tablets
okay with perfume and no stay stay stay
your world there were other why they
rather I'm looking for them I think I
see them to think I see them to think
you know I need to hide these I need to
hide this from her okay I'm actually
getting some like tablets so that she
believes her hey I couldn't find them so
can you come to help me look
let's go okay I got my spray I got my HP
with tablets are you ready to go back to
the crib let's do it let's fucking do it
okay so boys and girls we're back home
now as you can tell big Johnson is on
the camera let me explain to you what is
going down okay number one I literally
just ordered this hat like a few days
ago mom do you recognize this this is
that I lost about a month ago and it's
bad boys and girls this is the Gucci hat
me too it's back on the channel on the
subject of that though guys and well
this is you combined so listen in the
past two days we have sold over 200
orders between the two of us everybody
is loving the prank King add the prank
we merge so if you haven't already got
yours go down to the link in the
description mojo and get your prank
kings or prank research it's selling
like a god Church I have the laxatives
now these are tablets they're not powder
usually when people do these planks they
use the powder but I couldn't find any
so I think we're gonna have to grind
down these tablets into powder and then
also here I have a normal coat this is
Karis favorite drink and right now guys
it's currently harp has neither on the
clock we booked him for a nice romantic
meal out at 9:45 in 15 minutes now what
I'm going to do I've left this
specifically to make this prank even
better I'm gonna give her the laxatives
in a coke right now before we go out so
that while she's out with me she has no
choice but to just sit there and suffer
oh my god that shook and you can't do
that I said but on the prank King see
this is this ain't a club you think you
know for a bush man then you're gonna
make have to go to the toilet for a poo
prank King has no limits the prank King
has no boundaries
we break the boundaries that's what we
do on
Maud's we go through the obstacles we
destroy the competition we do the best
prize she just won't want to be your
friend anymore this is your only friend
the only girl that's ever been in your
room maybe she made fun of us she made
fun of Timor she said we ain't good at
pranking I got a show one way ever
another mom don't get behind the camera
and sure shut the hell up
don't make me come over there maybe I'll
slip some in your drink huh - yeah boys
and girls I'm gonna put them in her coke
right now I'm gonna give her the coke
hopefully she drinks it it's a favorite
drink and then while we're out we're
gonna get her reaction to being on the
lysa tips I've never actually tried them
before mom so how about are they mine
have you tried them oh no guys this
could possibly be my best prank yet if
you're not ready remember to go down
there and that subscribe button drop a
like on this video while you're down
there and click the bell to turn on
notifications let's grind up this
laxative and make this flippin drink if
you okay so I'm gonna pop one of them
out right now like that and then I'm
gonna just mash it on okay is it gonna
work we're gonna do this yo I bought
this a little while ago and I knew it'd
come in handy soon guys free to every
time tape to learning from the previous
mistake guys we're gonna go for a
plastic bowl
kara I'm sorry babe I know you're
watching this this live event an assault
team mods bra your nice group your
favorite drink
I'm just being considered okay
sorry for it out we're gonna have to
kept looking up the power through this
buddy and then what we're gonna do we're
gonna dance working bro I said you said
they say this in prison now what we do
boys and girls is we just give that a
little shape around so that you know
it's all natural or mixed in around the
beautiful bottle of coke and yeah boys
and girls there we go
I'm away to the place to go down then
i'ma bring of the coke hopefully should
drink sir
then we're gonna go out for a meal
straight away and then we're gonna see
how she reacts guys bring your account
just thought you going out in a bit good
a right now just belonging I swear
you'll see that you're good
yo doesn't she look good yo right now
she looks good yo yo yo yo yo see you
later
you ready
you showed out on another drink we're
gonna be waiting for a while because it
takes everything sure okay
okay team org so I just booked as the
taxi is on the way row yo she's here
she's ready feeling good you ready
your foot you're a nice meal okay yo
so guys she's just gone outside the room
check this out yo she's had like half of
the bottle look at that and I take the
bottle with us in the class see if she
drinks anymore but low-key guys these
are strong laxatives so I'm pretty sure
that will do the job we're gonna go out
right now so cue the actual transition
no so we just pulled up to the
restaurant right now sat down we're in a
nice flippin table as you can see look
at this kara what are you gonna order
what you said you were hungry like 10
minutes before coming out - oh don't
feel game why what's the hope yo so we
just ordered the
i'ma go back here to the toilet
young oh my gosh guys it's happening
they flippin hit guys we've been here
for like five minutes she's already gone
to the toilet this is gonna be a long
long night guys Oh everybody's very good
you've been gone for like seven minutes
that was a bit long to be away you sure
you okay yo so the starters have
literally just came way thank you you
want to go why you walking like that
oh okay so we're back now Kira are you
okay you okay where you going you going
sweet oh yeah
oh gosh yo I think I made a mistake
because I'm gonna have to tell her some
point that I did it and I think she's
gonna flip out guys I didn't think it
was gonna go on this long I didn't think
it was gonna be this far I said I was
the prank King but like even for me this
feels a little bit too far like this has
gone a bit wrong but I didn't want
actually her I don't think she's like in
pain it's pretty serious Sammy and I'm
gonna go break it to her now let's go
let's go break the news to her oh god
here goes nothing
kara you okay is everything okay I kind
of have a confession to make you've got
to promise you won't hate me okay do you
know how like earlier earlier you said
that you know that the pranks aren't
really good and I'm not sure the prank
King I thought I'd do a prank on you but
I mean I didn't really think I was gonna
go this far before we went out for the
food I put a laxative tablet in your
coke and then what we're gonna do we're
gonna go ice working bro oh it's in you
saying it's in it's in it's fizzing a
laxative tablet in your coke I did I'm
sorry
please don't freak out I didn't want it
to go this far no I'm not that's why
you've been getting problems with you
Tommy yeah I kind of did I'm sorry I do
things which I didn't do this fast
no I'm not I'm sorry I'm really sorry I
just I didn't think it was gonna
actually hurt you they are sorry I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
I think thing is gonna go this fall I'm
sorry all no technically you're the
space I didn't want to go as far
babe oh damn you're terrible I didn't
want to go this far they already like
you
seriously it was just a prize
baby you did say I'm not the point king
to be first that's just not having any
like original ideas left so you just
mean to me please forgive me please
watch me please I'm sorry babe I'm sorry
babe Jesus Josie come on no I don't want
to do that I'm sorry I'm sorry
but I'll leave it I'll leave you to it
yo guys one second
yo okay that's a little bit better guys
I think someone's in the bad books you
guys are probably saying morgue that was
so me that was way too far in all
fairness guys she did insult the
pranking merch she did insult us she did
say we weren't the prank kings so I mean
I guess now she knows that we are the
prank kings but guys that one was a
little bit far like that could be the
most bad prank I've ever done it was a
little bit Savage so guys I'm gonna be
on the lookout because Kira may want to
get revenge on me and yeah I don't know
if I'm really prepared for that guys I'm
a little bit nervous but yeah I mean I
guess if you're gonna mess with a malt
if you're gonna insult the prank King
merch then you gotta expect the prank
booyah guys that was another prank by of
course the prank King if you haven't
already remember to go down to the
description below and get your own prank
King or prank Queen they'll be linked to
the website in the description below or
you can just play w-w-w-whoa Cho also
guys if you haven't already remember to
subscribe to the channel if you're new
and comment down below what pranks you
want to see on the channel next and
finally guys smash a like on this video
if you haven't already let's try it and
slash 20,000 likes if we could do that
that'd be amazing I love you all so much
I can't wait to see you all soon oh
really
today and as always open bowls you guys
can also under I see you in my next
video peace out
