there's a secret compartment in these
machines which actually dispenses
iPhones and I know it sounds crazy guys
honestly I know it sounds crazy but
trust me on this you just got to come
close then you've got to enter in a
specific way I do that I go one - two -
one - two - hello prank kings and
welcome back to another video today's
one could possibly be my best video is
absolutely ages guys I can't wait to get
started with this video
and the reason this video is gonna be so
dope is because mom isn't in it like
this is the dream excuse me I'm kind of
behind the camera Morgan yes but you're
not actually in it now I'm gonna get
started really quickly with what we do
in in today's video but before that dies
I kind of underestimated team mom it's
been a few days since the prank King and
prank Queen merch came out and it is a
lot closer than I thought it was gonna
be the Queen's are actually keeping up
with Kings so guys keep pushing whoever
loses this competition has to admit the
other person is the bear pranker and I
do not want to lose the link to the
prank King and prank we merch is in the
description below Gessle now before it's
gone tea mugs I need you right now what
today's video is basically gonna be me
annoying the hell out of my dad and he's
just arrived so let me go and start this
video it's gonna be a flippin dope on
guys okay so the first thing I'm gonna
do to annoy dad now ever since the prank
King merch dropped he's been texting me
every day like every hour Morgan I need
some of this merch and I've been saying
to him hold on next time I see you I'll
give you some of the merch so what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna give him prank queen
merch in see how he flips out but he is
literally out there right now so just
before we go and see him guys I need you
to
the like button can we smash 2rj mom one
more thing before I go
yeah I made your channel you call
yourself a queen bevery won no she's a
salty good number two at sixteen by okay
so bro I know there's one thing you've
been saying to me ever since we dropped
the match yeah where's the birthday
present what well I've got it yeah what
I've got it you know
I promise shut your eyes shut your eyes
shut your eyes bro there you go no what
what do you mean birthday present this
is prank queen yeah you lit your queen I
mean I know I don't know if you fit into
the King criteria what no no no doesn't
match wait dad on second thought but his
mom's merch so let it go okay boys and
girls we've just pulled off our first
destination now I haven't actually told
you what we're doing today so let me do
that right now so the first thing we're
doing is heading off for food food
it's Darren's favorite thing and then
after that we're going to the arcade and
I'm gonna test out some crazy crazy
winrate life hacks I've seen all over
YouTube and see if they actually work
which I'm super hyped about because you
guys have been on the channel for ages
no I have an intense history with
arcades and spending all of my money on
them and then after that the path I'm
arguably most excited about now a new
saw film just came out and if you don't
know it's like a really like gruesome
horror film I like them a lot but it
seems that Darren doesn't like them as
much do you want to tell them a little
bit about that yeah I don't particularly
like horror that much and I especially
don't like anything that's go away and I
can't see the point and I think it's
stupid
and I'm just yeah can't see it makes me
feel sick so so you're very excited to
see you know the most gruesome horror
film and I'm excited all don't want to
go yo
how's it going it's going good
you enjoying your food that's the real
question have you been dreaming a bit
recently
Budi help Oh get off
No
get that away well Oh Darrin can I
tell you a secret I've actually been
working on my very own big Darrin Hudson
diss track your name is Darrin you've
got gray hair it gives me a scare
cuz it's everywhere my name's Tyrone and
you think you're the best you've got
great hair on your head in your chest
okay so the bill has came 253 pounds me
and dad are gonna have a quick game of
card roulette to see you face that in a
word we went out we went out early in
the week and I would play then it was 55
pounds at Damons I'm going this way come
up with okay I don't care bro can you
can you just pick one of the few cards
at random for a game for a game just
pick one of the two at random okay okay
you ready go for it go for it whichever
one you want
my carb you let record is now three wins
and two losses
I'm finally back ahead okay boys and
girls just finished up with food I'm get
a solid 4 out of 2 today right now we're
going into the arcade above wait why do
you stop in don't you keep something
Burrell right now we're going into the
arcade boys and girls I've been reading
online a lot of different arcade hacks
and today we're gonna be trying them out
for you guys
here we are my second home this is more
of a home than my actual home is because
I feel at home here okay the first game
we're gonna play it's a hack because I'm
so much better than dad it's basketball
guys I've played this against dad twice
and dad what have been the results oh
you have won twice oh wait dad I am the
prank King as you know but I'm also the
basketball king and the arcade King so
are you ready yes who's going first you
want to go first
yes well I'm gonna let you have it I'm a
light habit bro I need to give him some
help this is not good is he
interfere don't interfere okay yo I'm
gonna interfere
look at these terrible shot
Oh even going to the buy yeah oh my god
everyone coming download that actually
go on 22 it doesn't sound so why does it
look pal I interfere your put I didn't
do anything
may I don't know what you're talking
about I didn't do anything
you got 22 22
did you actually I thought you got 21
upp buy one for you oh my god okay guys
so this is like a special hug this one's
a little bit different it's the cowboy
Dairy Milk machine and you may think
from this you know you can only win
Cadbury's Dairy Milk but that is not
true there's a secret compartment in
these machines which actually dispenses
iPhones and I know it sounds crazy guys
honestly I know it sounds crazy but
trust me on this you just got to come
close then you've got to enter in a
specific way go do you got to go 1 2 2 2
1 2 2 2 and then if you if you just if
you shut your eyes what you got to do I
know it sounds crazy but if you shut
your eyes and count to 10 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
nine ten no I think it worked
bro it won't
oh it's an iPhone 7 brand new bro what
the hell you know what anything was
actually gonna work
it's literally brand new out of the
dairy milk machine remember the code
don't tell anyone about this
this is secret it works every time guys
iPhone 7 all you got to do is enter that
code you've got a count to 10 and also
guys one more thing you have to do to
get it to work is you have to leave a
like on this video and you have to
subscribe down below because it messes
with the system you are to smash that
like born you got to subscribe to the
channel
get yourself an iPhone 7 the next arcade
hack is on this machine here guys these
are the pusher machines but the thing is
people always tell you just put one in
at a time just play it safe you know
you'll each each individual one but my
response of that is no that's not how
you do it get out like 5 pounds worth
stick it in push all in at once and do
it that way are you ready dad 3 2 1
yeah maybe we should just move on to the
next one I guess the next hot guys is
for air hockey and you know you probably
thinking how does one hockey I mean it's
such a simple you know design it's like
a simple machine how'd you hike air
hockey
here's how to let's say I'm playing on
this side right I've got my thing here
what are you gonna do hold on to that I
need to do that you make a distraction
aka slash glass and then you go and
score really goals in Elkin it's
successful right successful okay moving
on guys the next arcade hack is gonna
get a little bit better than the last
one is that this machine right here now
the weight would this red light spins
round and have to get it on the instant
win and most people will be like that's
that there no but I get ready don't be
like scanning it the real thing is what
you're supposed to do you're supposed to
do out or nowhere
what Oh stupid that oh I mean I mean I
mean caught you've just wasted to quit
there on being stupid
oh it's a hack you've lost driving
terrible I've been terrible terror
okay okay and they're lost for
basketball what hack is this it's just
called being good and winning this is
the call being good and winning higher
okay demonstrate well yes nearly nearly
to me it's really very nearly to found
that is that is that part of the hack
okay okay no actress cha-cha okay okay
so this is your powerhouse see how much
you win it's not anything it obviously I
want to see how much you win I got my
ten pence but not in that part of the
hackberries yeah here we go oh oh no oh
my god oh my god oh wait are you gonna
move to Dubai with IV to get illegal
always we're gonna go live in LA just
wings oh wait look buddy Elsa bookie
show this man oh my gosh I'm a good
challenge egg Holmes it comes jackpot
Odin town oh wait you got well how was
he gonna get
flash on the jet boat without the
jackpot
I think so Oh No that was on the chapel
commiseration for big Darrin Hudson
you're gonna keep oh geez Jesus G oh my
gosh
oh not been winning yet almost oh they
all let's deep it pushes that went on
the jackpot before and it's gambling its
ganja so that's actually the hack there
was don't ever play on that okay this is
the final high this is the hack - what'd
you do to arcades that scam you boys and
girls drop a like right now this is the
best one yet the grand finale this hack
is called the jam the machine are you
ready yeah let's do it what would you
say successful trick and yep you
wouldn't iPhone from a chocolate machine
shoe will you be using that hack again
yeah definitely what about the others
anyway guys now we're going off to watch
saw and I swear I've never been I just
don't want to see people's legs often
this is gonna be so good guys here we
are let's flip and do this i'ma tell you
guys do all this I want you to see all
of it guys this is gonna be the best
experience ever so we sat down
coin the head off halfway through gonna
live a look away I'm gonna spend more
time watching him than the actual film
so guys let's do this
oh don't try not like it don't try that
like oh I'm cool I'm good you saw yeah
cool I'm cool it was really good about
when I looked over and you were about to
throw up yeah it worked very nice I'll
be honest what about the bit where you
had to stop eating popcorn because you
kept well I didn't cover it back up I
started to feel a bit sick what's the
point
listen what is the point it's and by the
way it's 10:00 to 1:00 now Oh John what
was your favorite part mine was when his
head got chopped off my favorite part
was you know and then words start to
come up at the end and it says the end
and say you can go now okay boys and
girls just go in just go inside as you
can see and damn what a flippin video
boys and girls a few things I need to
say real quick number one I have worn
this non-stop for about two days now
every day I wake up put this TV on take
it off at night sleep in the hoodie
I'm literally addicted to this flippin
merch it is so company number two is
kind of similar to number one but as I
said earlier on in the video team um are
really honest guys they are like like
that they're right up there in fact by
the time you're watching this they may
even be winning mom is going hard team
mama going hard I can't even lie they're
doing well guys as you know whoever
sells the least amount of their merch
has to admit on camera that the other
person is the bear pranker and guys you
know I am the bear pranker I am the
prank King mum calls herself a queen by
everyone know she's just salting some
Richard 16 guys come on Bree although
the prank King merch is out right now I
can't get over how
like this you guys will absolutely love
it I promise you both of them are
selling so quick and so fast like
they've sold load so far you guys are
loving them but the problem is teamahma
loving them antique malls are loving
them like it's so even so remember guys
doobie doobie doobie doc Marco
go get your merch let's show Teen Mom
that we are the strongest guys let's
flip and do it all so guys number three
now number three is the iPhone values
for the main skit in this video is
actually the giveaway a headphone guys
if you didn't know already I mean if you
didn't know I guess I guess you got
pranked but yeah guys that phone is
actually being given away to one of you
guys and the giveaway is alive right now
it's an iPhone 8 giveaway I think I said
seven just then can we get a replay on
that iPhone 8 iPhone 8 guys the iPhone 8
that I used in this video is being given
away right now and there's a link in the
description to the website where you can
enter it it's free no money free of
charge
iPhone a you good enter guys like it's a
no-brainer like you you could win it's
an iPhone 8 like that's 1,000 flippin
dollars right there flippin go enter
right now link in the description and
finally guys what one needs to do real
quick is comment down below what videos
you want to see from me next comment
down below everything you've wanted me
to do for ages that haven't done it
could be a prank it could be a challenge
it could be a reaction video it could be
anything just do me a favor and comment
down below what you want to see because
I always want to make the best content I
can for you guys but finally guys thank
you all so and for watching if you still
watching right now you're an absolute
legend remember to leave a like on this
video if you've enjoyed and subscribe to
the channel if you're new tell all your
friends about it let's grow team molds
even stronger guys thank y'all so much
for watching and as always I've involved
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video peace out if you
enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to mugsy's channel and don't
forget to leave a like
thanks for watching peace out
