yo there we go there we go boys and
girls we've done it for sale it's my car
look I don't know you are mom hello guys
and welcome back to another video and
today the prank King returns
I said prank wars was coming back with a
bang and today is going down because
ladies and gentlemen boys and girls I'm
gonna be putting my mom's brand new
fifty thousand dollar car Oh
for sale it's going down now guys just
before we start I have so much to tell
you number one if you cannot tell what
I'm wearing I've gone the brand new
prank King merch I feel like I've been
waiting for this moment my entire life
like seriously look at this have you
ever seen nicer-looking merge in your
life like just appreciate it bro and as
you can see with me as well I have all
of the brand new merch I've got the
prank queen merch I've got the prank
King right here I've got more prank
Queen here I've got more prank King
right here and the reason I'm telling
you this is because number one it's
absolutely flipping dough and number two
boys and girls it's flipping out right
now it's out right now when you're
watching this video it is out for you
guys we've got black hoodies and black
t-shirts we've got blue hoodies and blue
t-shirts we've got the pink brand queen
hoodies and t-shirts we've got so much
for you guys to get you hands on
www.mooji.org
in a little competition we're gonna both
see who can sell more merch mum
obviously with the prank queen and you
boy morgs the prank King and boys and
girls
rather loses this challenge we'll have
to admit publicly in a video for all of
you guys to see that the other person is
the true king or queen of pranks so all
of you go down to the link in the
description below gay self some pranking
or prank we merch is available right now
but it's selling super super quick so
you need to be quick if you want to get
your hands on some I've already got my
hands on some and I flip him while there
however guys if you're new to the
channel and you don't know already me
and mom we're in a head-to-head battle
right now the prank wars
she keeps saying how she's a better
prank er than me I keep saying Honda
better prank er than her tea molds
obviously know that I am the true prank
king but some of t mom apparently still
think that she's a better prank er than
me mum you ain't no prank Queen get out
of here so today I'm gonna be doing one
of my craziest pranks ever and point
mom's car up for sale for super cheap
and then getting one of my friends who's
in on the prank to ring Momo and act
like he wants to buy it it's flippin
going down now guys just before we
continue I want to set a crazy light go
off this video I don't think you guys
can do I'm not sure like I haven't sound
like all this high since like last year
guys can we smash thirty thousand likes
on this video I know it's crazy I know
you guys are probably thinking more
there's no chance of you doing that but
I believe in you guys everybody go down
there and flip it obliterate that like
button smash it destroy it
let's get 4000 likes for this crazy
prank so mums car is currently down
there on the drive Martin is out right
now which is why I thought this would be
the best time to do the prank it's
getting a little bit late so mums kind
of a little bit busy she's kind of just
sorting out some work stuff and
basically what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
write on the for sale sign that the car
is really cheap I'm gonna sneak out
there plant the sign on the car and then
basically what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
tell mom that someone's put a for sale
sign on her car I'm gonna tell her that
I was just vlogging and I have no idea
what's happened and then my friend who's
in on the prank is gonna ring up mom and
like he's coming round to collect the
car right now for like 500 pounds or
something
this is a flippin 50k car this is no
flippin joke mom has been looking after
this car better than she's been looking
after me I'm the prank King I deserve
some respect mom why do not understand
this so we're about to kick off this
prank guys we've got this for sale sign
I'm gonna write right along here like
500 pounds ring up the details or
whatever so that can seem legit
obviously mom's gonna be confused she's
gonna freak out and it's gonna be great
guys drop a like right now let's get
freaky like remember to subscribe if
you're new go get some prank King merch
so we can show all the team mom that we
are the strongest and better than them
at pranking and everything and guys
let's do this
when we do an American dollar sign
so there's sounds even more word is that
a dollar sign what is it - i'ma just
write that I'm gonna just write that I
don't I don't know America I thought 500
for a 50k car 500 pound ring for details
yo if I saw that on a 50k bright blue
Range Rover I'd be all over that blowout
footprint ring for details damn right
need to be quick brush me results.push
know is on brush mode is on and each
used honey you choose this is some scary
stuff well if she catches me in the act
oh jeez yo I think that I think the
doors open I can do this I can do this
come on Walt
come on I think we're clear we're all
good we're all good guys oh my gosh
how about we do it right there oh my
gosh guys
for sale 500 pound the ring for details
y'all I think we're good I think we're
good
kind of made me stand it up there yah
there we go there we go boys and girls
we've done it for sale $500 ring fit ok
I'm out I'm out
y'all guys okay urgent right now Martin
has just pulled up home he's been about
an hour since I last vlogged and he's
literally just arrived so I'm pretty
sure he's going to notice the for sale
sign and and go tell mom so I'm gonna
rush down trying get us on camera guys
the facts time right now apparently
let's do this
nobody can make me sell em for that I'm
not bothered they can you put it on the
house event all has been passed they
know where you live they know where we
live is this serious sale of my car just
want people to read and come talk to me
make a little Emily and I've got nobody
to talk to so you have to pretend things
themself yeah there's some artists for
sale it all goes on outside get
inquiries
you buy that's it lucky me do the prank
is down Martin is getting hammered guys
everyone comment down below with Martin
in the comment down below in the comment
section down below right now it's time
to get face to ever the prank started
okay part two of the prank this is how
it's gonna go so I'm just off the phone
with my friend Ryan who I've been
friends with a while you've seen him in
a lot of my videos you guys have been
around for ages we'll know who he is but
yeah basically I haven't seen him in a
little while and mum hasn't seen him in
a little while social off I think
basically forgot his voice and he's
gonna ring her up as if he's seen dad on
the car and like he wants to buy it and
he's gonna like be really forward I've
told him to push like he wants to come
collect it and everything and just freak
the hell out of mom out so I've just
given him her number he's gonna ring her
right now and I'm gonna go down and try
and get her reaction to it guys
let's flip and do this this is gonna be
so tight drop a like subscribe if you do
the prank King is in full swing right
now baby
no I'm sorry it's oh well it's not for
sale
it's not I'm sorry it's not for sale no
I think someone's claim no it's not the
sale of so when did you see it when well
to be honest there was a $500 it I
didn't dislike here you know it's
obviously somebody's playing a joke on
me viki's bargain awaits it yeah I'm
sorry mr. Sain this to the kiss bargain
of the week why are you saying that boy
you've actually done it so I'm sorry for
this inconvenience to but the car isn't
for sale it's a house it's a joke
somebody's put that on and I don't know
who so I'm sorry about that
okay sorry you just stop no I don't mean
a lot for you I mean alas he's been to
the bank I'll give you 500 dollars to
leave me alone because the cars worth
the kind have been a lot more than that
my boyfriend's done this Molly you know
you can't buy off him he's not it's my
car
look I don't know you are I'm mark and
you want to talk to this person
no I what if in all honesty I think
you've been unfair to him look you've
put a sign on your own car obviously is
it over Joe and these parts going and
I'm feeling all hot and flushed monkey
give him the car joking oh I'm gonna
sell my boyfriend for $500 for doing
this
no I'm gonna call now please don't ring
me back goodbye I'm sorry
by
there's a house I live across the road
give me that I'm gonna go put that for
sale on it
well $35,000 a house across the road and
then I'm going to technically mr. Moore
can explain much right that we should
buy it okay to the owners because
sunspots of sale on it that's what it
was we think it was you who else would
it be
god I'm just so stressed now how do we
know who to trust air I've been in my
room all day like you've confirmed
mine's been at work person just I'm
through
I'm sorry you need to speak like you
deserve he deserves to know
hello don't you I agree with bar I'm not
selling the car and I'm gonna put a sign
on the car and you're not having my car
well I'm sorry you're not happy you're
not having much won't you know why it
feels like a joke are you a stupid
person because do you seriously think
I'm gonna sell a car for $500 I think
you're a bit of a plonker I'm sorry I
know you can't just keep ringing me
about car that's not for sale just to
make the peace cuz I'm a nice person and
you probably don't think I am but I am a
nice person
I'll buy you a box of chocolates okay of
some flowers feed fiance but you can't
you can't top the car I'm going to block
you number now oh I'm gonna report
avenge me I'm worth more than father
go down is everybody call him well I'm
worth more than $500 give me the song
you're joking you're absolutely Joe I
still say I'm worth more than $500
anyways you know guys that is the end of
this prank oh my goodness that was a
flippin crazy one yo that was probably
the most intense prank I have ever done
in my entire youtube career prank wars
is back with a bang baby the king is
back let me brush my prank King merch
with pride because that's another
successful prank for the prank kings
remember guys the new prank King and
prank Queen merch is out right now
there'll be a link in the description
where you can go get it obviously I'm
head-to-head with Mom of who can sell
more pranking or prank Queen so go down
there whoever loses a challenge gets
humiliated in front of everybody so go
get some merch if you think you're a
prank King or a prank Korean obviously
if it was me watching I mean obviously I
am the prank king so I would flippin get
some but obviously I've got mine right
here looking fresh I mean the first
prank done in the prank King merch and
it's probably the best prank yet if you
want to get your pranking game up to
next level just get yourself some
pranking merch link in the description
go get it it's hella hot and it's
selling really quick so get it while you
can
but guys thank y'all stones for watching
and as always I've been bored you guys
been awesome and I'll see you
my next videos please out if you enjoyed
the video then remember to subscribe to
mugsy's channel and don't forget to
leave a like if you have a big penis
thanks for watching
these are habit
