we're starting the challenge right now
you do realize we'll go eat Caesar do
right guys this challenge is gonna be
crazy also on the wheel we have things
like kiss delete your channel the
person's phone Morgan yeah that's gonna
be a problem yeah my phone yeah it's
broken and the worst one of all break or
watch the video guys this is gonna be
the craziest spin the whale video on
YouTube okay you just kiss Pogo so it's
my turn to spin now I'm gonna do a big
old guy three two
what's this a picture of you and another
guy on the phone cool here oh that's a
picture of me and my mom oh you may have
gotten away of this one walking but I'm
gonna check her apps now Morgan it says
you've paid a hundred hours of monster
legends it's not a dating app thank you
God no Kira lots of agencies are free to
play game available on iOS and Android
you can play tokens of different
monsters feed them and evolve them to
make them stronger
you can fight an epic online PvP battles
venturing with monsters and ever wards
even more epic features like the monster
lab where you can get all new and even
to enhance the power of your monsters so
that one day they can get as big and
strong there's me tea mugs this is the
most addictive and fun app that I have
ever played literally ever and I
officially challenged all of tea mugs
watching this right now to see if you
can get better than me at monster legend
and the best thing the little guys is
free to play and you can download the
app and the link in the description
below but now let's get back and spin
that wheel okay look a little of
anything wait on my phone but now it's
my turn care
it's your turn now camera and if you get
swap clothes again I get to get my back
off you go come on if you moments later
okay guys fun - it's probably about to
get a lot more intense because it's my
spinner Galland I really don't want to
do it I'm guys I have to jump in a lake
plates are cold and not meant to be
jumped in of course we don't have a lake
we've got to go and find a lake for me
to jump in oh gosh I'm not excited for
this one guys ah ladies and gentlemen
what a lovely day to come to your local
pond and dive into it it's absolutely
freezing cold right now I have no ready
for this like I've been trying to hide
my stop
you sell for like 10 minutes and it's
not working I'm just when he couldn't
get any worse we have no idea how deep
this Pony of waters in here for all I
know I'm gonna jump and I'm gonna get
eaten by a bloody shark
do they have sharks and Morgan is too
cold
ladies and gentlemen yeah I already
subscribe I'm gonna take this time to
say do down there hey ty subscriber how
do you bet to do because I'm about to
suffer along let's do my jewels you know
what mum knows I'd say pretty fun let's
do it again
okay yeah
no see those you did just get egged in
the face I'll let you pick the dogs well
then that was bad decision why because
you're gonna do the hardest for that
dance don't say it don't say it no don't
do it please please Oh Jared you know
I'm organized so I think he's upstairs
okay
Oh like my turn what you guys may not
realize is my times in any ordinary tow
guy when those guys webbed toe Cara it's
gonna have to lick my ear baby I didn't
want it to have to come to this I
promise I didn't want her to have to do
this
I know your pain I feel your pain all
right I didn't want it to have to keep
them actually yes yes I did
here
take off this song no no no you gotta
take take off the damn song you don't
care I'll do it for you Kara
I know that one I never that dirty what
you have to do it
back to the wheel those good guys you
did your job webbed toes - OH
you okay or at least they're not wet
give that to me
when I kind of fell down that waterfall
and stopped my tour a few weeks ago yeah
it kind of still haven't healed yet
oh maybe my berry no Karen no no no no
no you made me like you're with dr. toes
they have to lick my black to do that
the other two guys this is definitely
karma
ooh kind of like it wasn't that bad
maybe that's because I clean I'm like
yeah well okay let's go yeah yeah what
did you get oh okay guys looks like why
OGI
Yoga guys let's do it now Carol one
thing that you don't know about me is
that I was actually the yoga champion of
the UK before we mash now don't you two
take in terms to do some yoga positions
starting with this should they can go
first or you want to take this one I
call this I'm gonna go upside down now
I'm going backwards kara has stopped
working where's the instruction manual I
think she's I think she's broken
calm down low who won a position number
one now it's time for position number
two and as you can see this one
you know I think it's pretty obvious who
is on top - seriously how we well I
haven't told you the best part
yeah the tachi who gets to be done by
the other person
I am a certified tattoo artist you're
gonna come out with some great ink you
can trust me oh good well since we're
kind of not old enough to get actual
tacky
well I knew that we know is it good
maybe a skull or crossbones maybe like
an angel wing I know is a cute message
what is it seriously why is she doing
I'm not involved in this at all as you
can see my handwriting isn't the best
and dastardly you kiss your dog
huh what
okay guys there's only two we haven't
done yet which is breakup
I'm excited about one and trick though I
mean that's good okay gesture
relationship has to survive another day
guys she got the past that means it's my
turn now breakup or true please be true
guys I have a question I need to ask her
guys there's only two more left one of
them is great the other one is all all
true which means you get asked the other
person a question and they have time for
it and break or which is obviously
breaking or which doesn't sound great to
be believed other guys I do love her
very much I wanna break up with a lot
anyway guys it's my turn right now let's
spin the way my mouth is sealed
we got the flippy to you
I can't ask Carol anything answer got to
tell the truth tough white face true
yeah well I'm why kara are you hiding
something maybe just never find out well
I've got one chance to and guys I have a
question in the back of my mind I have
been wanting to ask let's do this here
Bridget workman I have a question for
you
okay I've been meaning to ask you this
for a very long time Carol and now I
have a benefit opportunity oh good
when you watch my videos do you hit the
like button okay okay no no I don't that
is because I kind of don't watch them
you ask I'm never gonna look at ideal
the same ever again
well Morgan to compare that game what
what do you mean brain signal I gave
them one Morgan since I said to compare
that again I've also been thinking of a
question I want to ask you like it will
do really embarrassing I'm wrong or
doing that why you hiding something okay
Morgan of how the tables have turned
oh okay well this is a very important
question
okay do you pee standing up like all the
other normal boys would you pee sitting
down like a female um fine I pee sitting
down like a girl shouldn't be proud of
that Morgan my work here is done
you're not the person I thought you were
sorry you guys so far we've jumped it
away
Cara's being eight
she undulate my tiles
now it is finally time for the final the
final spam and is my turn and I'm not
looking forward to a guy if you haven't
already subscribed to the channel guys
how does it say my hair please subscribe
and I'll give you a free cookie one
should subscribe just comment down below
I want my cookie I'm gonna mail you a
cookie it can be a chopped okay it can
be the digestive even free
breakup but no buster I wasn't I wasn't
here we go this ever since we met my
life so alien I love you so much
hope you're good
no no Oh screw the games we love each
other guys love each other
oh okay bye peace out guys meet you
guys thank you so much for watching this
video please make sure to go down to the
description and download monster legends
is one of my favorite games as you can
tell I played it so so good it's
free-to-play is available on android iOS
all devices and it's literally so much
more once you've downloaded the art
tweet me a picture and i'm gonna be
going from following loads of you who
download the art link in description
monster legends and I wanna see if you
guys can become a better than me at the
game so make sure you download it link
in the description monster legend is my
favorite game in the world right now
thanks for watching and as always I
belongs you been awesome peace out
