I can't take this anymore and fellow
police hey this is just this is just too
much I can't do this anymore
I mean I work everyday but all I get is
haters and people aging on me I don't
think I could be a youtuber anymore I
don't think I can take this I'm sorry
guys I'm sorry team walks I can't do
this
I'm quitting YouTube ladies and
gentlemen today I'm coming at you with a
video you have never seen before get
hyped get excited because this video is
brand new it's never seen before ladies
and gentlemen today's video is reacting
to a comments never ever done before but
wait wait wait hold on a second guys
before you will get off you know leaving
the video this one is gonna have a twist
instead of reacting to my YouTube hate
comments I'm gonna be reacting to my
Instagram snapchat Twitter hate comments
it's absolutely revolutionary and I
wonder why everybody hates me hello team
olds and welcome back to another video
yo this is feeling like a 2016 moulds
video I'm sat now this is different I'm
flippin excited anyway guys just before
we start I want you to make me a deal
okay I'm gonna ask you a yes-or-no
question and if your answer is yes then
you have to leave a like on this video
and subscribe to the channel hmm
do you agree the question is did you
notice throughout the intro that the
lights are changing colors by themselves
wait for it wait for it wait for it why
the lights go white wait whoa no choice
blue it's blue
Jesus is blue no no it's not boys and
girls if you noticed that these lives
were changing then you gotta leave a
like on the video and subscribe if
you're new hey you promised me you
promised me
but yeah quite a few of you guys were
saying you missed the classic sit-down
morgs videos so I thought why don't I
you know treat you guys and bring one
buy less of the moving about for this
video so I mean I don't know how you
guys are gonna feel about that and if
you're a new subscriber then remember to
tell me in the conversation down below
if you prefer these videos all the more
moving ones hey I mean I'm pretty happy
with doing these because it means I get
to sit down and as I said we're gonna be
reacting to mean comments today now you
guys have seen some of the mean comments
that I get on YouTube but to be honest
guys I think they're a little bit worse
on my other social medias because on
YouTube I can filter them out on Twitter
and Instagram and snapchat you can flip
Renae on me as much as you want
oh yeah boys and girls if you don't
already follow me on Instagram snapchat
and Twitter remember to go follow me on
all them my Twitter arts is right here
my snapchat is right here and hold on
guys three two one
BAM there's my Instagram Ryeon muff
flipping forehead
okay so seen as I think Instagram is
probably the most savage ones let's flip
in start with Instagram I'm a treat you
guys okay so boys and girls as you can
see right now we're on Instagram as you
can see currently I've got four hundred
and sixty seven thousand followers which
is pretty flippin impressive I'm pretty
psyched about that for guys what I'm
saying is can we maybe get to five
hundred thousand followers I need all of
you guys to help me out we quite far
away right now but we're so close wait
that made no sense basically guys just
go follow me on instagram my axe in the
description the links are in the
description go do it but yeah as you can
see I've got some pretty wild photos on
there so
pretty cool ones but what I'm gonna do
right now I'm gonna go to some of my
more cringy ones or some of the more
like I guess controversial ones and take
a look at what you guys are saying about
them
okay so here's one I took on holiday
topless photos always go down a little
bit
where's your abs your six-pack if you
think it was bad here have a confession
to make
since that photo I've actually provides
a porn about wait I'm sorry I'm
struggling fat monks you know might be
coming back one like equals one
vegetable that I'll heat I need your
help
so it's calendar I don't know what type
of name God is says WTF is this and then
we go down a few comments an MLG skilled
gamer say WTF is this it's just a
picture of me guys come on whould know
six-pack guys some try my best I mean I
know I'm not exactly Dwayne the rock
Johnson or anything but I mean I'm
flippin trying my best guys well I mean
I'm probably not at the moment because
you know I'm a little bit fat but yeah
well well the F word is your six pack
six packs
what are six packs of coke six packs of
carrots six packs of sweets six packs of
water if you say where's my six pack
it's not there obviously but like six
packs of what he holds this stomach in I
bet he's really fat like he used to be
oh bloody hell guys they're onto me
oh no everybody knows my secret malt
exposed oh my lord so this guy stays
mate wasn't our six-pack it looks like
you've got boobs but then he goes on to
say skinnier at one second ago I had man
boobs now I'm a skinny rat which one is
it bro make your mind on these haters
there buddy wild you're just gorgeous
ignore the haters thank you I appreciate
that I needed it man I needed it boobs
yo I haven't got boobs bro that's my
flippin chest
not boobs you know what let's find a
different photo because I don't want my
body to get roasted anymore
guys I'm insecure about my body I just
I'm trying my best at least I'm not fat
morgues alright let's see what the
comments are like on this photo right
here as you can see it's a little bit of
a interesting one now I remember reading
the comments on this picture and some of
my subscribers were like again a little
bit like mad over this and some of the
replies are like seriously pretty crazy
let's take a look
WTF mods that's illegal what's illegal I
didn't really do anything I just I just
took a photo into the mirror like what's
up guys let's now check out my recent
picture now this one I captioned it mom
I wanted a Lambo with a with an angry
emoji what I wanted to do was like
replicate one of them like douche which
kids not just whether like taking a
photo of like the Lambo is in the drive
and they're like I wanted a Ferrari
instead but some people actually took it
serious guys this is gonna be hilarious
you wanted a Lamborghini but you're not
even in the driver's seat in this photo
looks like I've been exposed again don't
brag beachside I'll tell you what guys
I've never been called a beachside
before that's a new insult I mean I want
to be rich so I'm a block you posh Joe
Fox please don't block me bro Joe Fox
please i watch all your videos i watch
all your instagrams bro please don't
block me I don't want to be blogged by
my favorite person please okay guys
let's look at different photo let's look
at let's do this photo here now I posted
this one after I've analyzed mom's car
so everybody was like hating on me bad
on this one let's check this one out
savage savage morgg's Savage I guess
some people were actually ray in it I
mean that's quite surprising stop
hanging on
he's an absolute legend and he's doing
something nice to his mom tomorrow at
6:00 p.m. that was before the Range
Rover video
Abby Louise saw it coming shout Abby
Louise he broke the car because he's
buying her the Range Rover oh yeah like
I saw it call me water flippin legend
why have you got a toothbrush head in
your ear a toothbrush head wait let me
check the photo oh come on
that's my flippant earpods okay guys now
what we're gonna do we're gonna switch
over to snapchat and see if I can see
any snapchat haters let's do it yo guys
so I'm just swiping through snapchat
right now I literally can't find a
single hate comment your the snapchat
squad are flipping legends everybody's
just like being nice like yo shout-out
to the snapchat squad if you don't have
me on snapchat if you're not part this
not just quad go join it because the
snapchat squad are legends also guys
after this video goes live on snapchat
I'm gonna be putting one of these gift
cards out on my story so if you don't
have me on snapchat go add me up on
there
and I'm also gonna do another one on
Instagram so two of these are gonna be
going live on my snapchat Instagram
stories I'm always doing little
giveaways on my snapchat on my Instagram
so you should add me on both of them
yeah well on to yesterday's snaps now
how can it all get a single hate
snapchat in an entire day I thought
everybody didn't like me like whoa okay
apparently everybody likes me now I
guess okay we need to find the real
savage hate comments so I'm gonna go on
another topless photo back when you know
my body was actually like pretty good so
yeah let's see what people thought about
this one you are the literal definition
of a melt okay then no abs mates well I
mean I don't want to go like scientific
on you but like everybody has abs it
just depends on how much fat is covering
them if you can see them or not I know
five fat people in the world and you're
free of them
I didn't think I was that far jeez mate
I am 10 and I have more ABS than you I
can't take this anymore
I'm fellow police hey this is just this
is just too much I can't do this anymore
I mean I work every day but all I get
haters and people a kid on me I don't
think I could be a youtuber anymore I
don't think I could take this I'm sorry
guys I'm sorry team walks I can't do
this
I'm quitting YouTube site yo I love team
logs too much to flip and quit YouTube
we're in this together guys well I got
oh I just literally almost took my
flippin IO out what sir just put these
on carefully well guys I hope you've
enjoyed this video a lot of it more like
a classic molds video I feel like I'm
back in 2016 again if you've enjoyed
this style of video remember to go down
there and smash that like bone and also
subscribe to the channel if you're new
I'm currently doing an iPhone 8 giveaway
and there'll be a link to that in the
description if you want a chance of
winning an iPhone 8 like they came out
like two weeks ago and it's completely
free to enter like is no charge to enter
all you have to do is click the link in
the description and follow the
instructions on there guys if you don't
enter you flippin stupid because
someone's gonna win and it can be you
guys thank you all so much for watching
the video I hope you've enjoyed remember
to comment down below what videos you
want me to do next and come back
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next video
guys as always open mold you've been
awesome
and I'll see you in my next video peace
out if you enjoyed this video then
remember to subscribe to mugsy's channel
and don't forget to leave a like
you have a big penis thanks for watching
peace a habit
