Bruno do you take Pogo to be a beloved
dog yes Bruno says yes oh my gosh oh
okay
do you take Bruno to be a little bit
dark yes oh hello team orgs and welcome
back to another video we sign this one
in the magnificent the beautiful and as
you can tell it's a it's it's pretty
it's pretty windy right yep yep so if
you've been on the channel for a while
you guys know what we do on this channel
we try to do new things we try and do
the craziest things out there and today
we're doing another first guys for the
first time ever on the mall channel in
this video there's gonna be a wedding
first of all we're gonna have a flippin
lit day and then we're gonna come back
we're gonna get the two dogs we're gonna
get them to meet for the first time and
we're gonna see if there are really good
companions for each other bye guys if
you're new to the channel first of all
hello welcome I hope you enjoy your stay
my name is morgues behind the camera
you've got Jill aka morgues mom who's
kind of having a little bit right now
yeah I've got wind in my hair and guys
if you're new to the channel and you
haven't already remembered to go down
there and smash that subscribe bone but
hold on hold on there's something else I
need to tell you about come on balls I
want to do it you know that you're crazy
Oh guys what wanted to tell you about is
the iPhone 8 giveaway there is currently
open for all you guys to enter right now
now guys the way you enter this giveaway
is by the link of its in the description
below and the link will take you to a
site well basically just ask you to do
small things like like the videos
subscribe to my channel subscribe to
mums Channel and the more those things
you do the more chance you have of
winning yourself a tasty little iPhone 7
oh wait did I say 7 yeah I'm in a yeah
yeah good good on mom high-five hello
boys and girls to the things you have to
do to answer is liking this video and
subscribing to the channel so you know
you can go down there and do them right
now I'll give you I'll give you five
seconds five four three two oh yes boys
and girls as I said in this video
something pretty crazy is going down but
before that boys and girls we're gonna
head out right now get some food and
also we want to go to like a tech shop
because mum wants a new laptop I'll tell
you more about that wearing the car yeah
when the car is so shiny you can see
yourself in the Flippen in the flippin
reflection 8 marks how are you doing bro
hey gonna go out yourself a big laptop
eh yeah yeah a big fat one like you mum
it's been a while since you know we've
had some really nice quality music in
the car so July met play you some music
yeah yeah why not
so boys and girls we just pulled up into
like bloody Morrison's or something I
think we're gonna go get a sandwich but
yeah mum what we're doing right now
where we going where are we off to I'm
Toni Morrison's to pay you with salmon
sandwich and you're so lazy you're not
gonna come with me so you're just in the
car get back in the car and then I need
to buy some presents for the dog later
we're gonna get back in the car gonna
come out muggles gonna keep playing that
little song there yeah that's the
schedule we're gonna go right now go get
mom a new laptop this is gonna be a
little birthday present from me you guys
said why didn't you go something on a
birthday obviously because I was
pranking her but you know I am a nice
guy so I think I'm gonna go and get her
a laptop if she if she keeps annoying me
like doing that maybe I'm a Hollister
pastor does not get a one so guys let's
go flipping do it for Mom so is this the
one you've decided to go with then she's
gone look at her she's sitting and she's
doing everything she she doesn't care
about the laptop okay boys and girls
they didn't have the laptop in stock so
mums gonna have to go and get it like
tomorrow but right now look where we are
boys and girls this is a huge throwback
for your boy Boggs like all the time and
basically we're gonna go get some stuff
guys I swear this was like my place this
was the shop I'd always come when I
wanted toys anyway why are we here to
get some baby toys for you oh yeah oh
very funny mom I wanted to buy for the
dog wedding so they can have like an
after party and how long's it gonna feel
like a babbling tall and fill it with
balls for them no this is a creative mum
creative we can't go to the pub one
thing that a lot you don't know about
our cogs is they actually enjoy ball
pools like ball piss don't they actually
enjoy them yeah they do they literally
love them so we need to Surprise them
with a gift okay so apparently guys
we're just getting like let down left
korie's didn't have mom's laptop they
didn't have a paddling pool
how can Smith's toy store not have a
flipping paddling pool so we're going to
Argus now because we need to surprise
the pugs with a present mom what do you
think you think they'll like that as a
wedding present we can fill it with
balls oh cool and then in summer when
you go to new house they can have a gun
and cuff water in it like a paddling
pool oh my god more let's flip it order
it right now they didn't come with a box
which is probably not a good thing at
least mom's carrying it and I'm not it's
not really for the dog's wedding it's
for you to play in yeah to the dog
wedding is just like a it's just like
you know we can fill it with balls and
are playing it all night I can sleep in
a 24 hour challenge guys drop a like if
you want to sleeping in a tail 24-hour
challenge yo so we managed to get the
tail and he's chilling back there in the
back let's give him a name um what
should we call him turtle what is : frog
frog Oh like Pogo poor girl's gonna play
in frog oh no he's not even fog
how about torta taught torta taught how
about tall oh yo guys meet oh wait wait
wait wait I think we need to bring talk
to life
yo toy are you happy that you've joined
the Hudson family yeah you are yo yo how
was it in Argos
it was tough it was a tough line oh damn
yo we've rescued him we rescued tall are
you excited for us to fill you with
balls tall get him inside me Jesus
taught oh my god that's not PG Wow
okay boys and girls we're back home
right now and there is a lot is going
down so so I've just changed into some
more appropriate attire so boys and
girls what basically happened is we
asked Bruno who wanted to get married -
he said easy at first who's a little dog
but what's happened is Izzy actually
came down with fleas is he got fleas
please so we asked Bruno do you still
want to marry her and he said no I want
to marry Pogo guys we can see them down
here they're already playing they're in
love okay then boys and girls so the way
this wedding is gonna work come now let
me show you let me show you we've been
setting up we've been preparing for the
special puppy wedding and it's already
guys okay so in the studio we've got it
completely designed and remade for the
Pug wedding let me show you guys what
we're dealing with we enter we've got
Martin here he's got them hearings merch
on we've got more with the Mortimer Jean
and then here we have the beautiful
wedding setter we've got a flower we've
got the Hawaiian stuff we've got the
beautiful bunch of flowers back there
anyway excited mom it's emotional isn't
it are you emotional Martin I am
actually being motional is she crying
should we go show them where the
after-party is gonna be yeah show them
after no no alcohol no only orange
squash and then boys and girls when
we're done with the wedding up here we
have the after party Wow
we've got entertainment we've got the
teddy bear we've got the bean bag and
then we've got the ball drop a like on
the video if excited comment down below
PO glove guys we're doing this welcome
everyone who do you move gather those
hair
today we celebrate the love of a couple
who want to spend our lives together
let's begin with a prayer to the pull
creator bless
Bruno and Pogo long may they enjoy their
walkies together let's have a toast
Bruno and Pogo will share a sip of their
water together do we have the water yes
is the water
what's it Bruno Bruno Bruno
we're gonna leave the sip for now we
don't we don't need it
everybody here is gathered today we're
gonna start with Bruno Bruno Bruno do
you take Pogo to be your beloved dog yes
Bruno says yes oh my gosh Oh Oh Bruno
Pogo
do you take Bruno to be a beloved dog
yes oh oh
may you enjoy your playfulness and lots
of food together we now pronounce you
two doggies involved and married now go
ahead and kiss me Bruno you wanna go
party pajama party mama nope say yes
they both say yes should we go party
yeah let's go yeah
bugs bugs who's gonna go in the ball pit
first who's gonna go in the ball pit
first isn't gonna be Bruno is it gonna
be poor girl get the entertainment going
mom this is the worst center table I've
seen him alive give me that give me that
Oh Bruno's in the ball pit it's poker
following me following boys the boys are
in oh oh look at this table go yo start
with the time of their lives this Bulls
going everywhere
Oh guys the boys are playing there is
balls everywhere the celebration is in
full swing yesterday look at this guys I
think we all know what this calls for
three two one roll the cinematics
yo logo or have you been dude in there
buddy have you been having a good time
at the after-party
yo Bruner what are you doing on there
what are you doing on there
oh I'll pull goes on the beanbag now
pull goes on the beanbag now and Bruno
joins him Bruno joins at the oh look at
this
the folks at all Bruno's lay down
Bruno's like this is my beanbag look at
that ah this is girls they're so cute
and all the Bulls come crushing out do
it mind do it do it
Oh yo guys what would you say has it
been a success success Bruno Jew thing
has been a success yo Bruno's wolf bear
no yeah I think we need to give him some
alone time
I think pogos had a good time Bruno's
had a good time I mean it's been a
success I think it's been a success okay
boys and girls I just want to say what a
bloody video this has been what a
success
what great moment for the channel this
one will go down in history the first
ever wedding it was with the pugs and it
was an absolute success I mean I guess
they're now
mr. and mrs. Pogo no mr. and mr. pugs
but pipette pipette who cares they're
just the pugs guys I'm also guys this is
flippin important you guys need to open
your ears right now and listen up to
this guy's this Saturday I am dropping
new merch and it's gonna be prank themed
do everyone from that thing whatever you
want from that but I'm just warning you
guys the new merch is coming this
Saturday save up your money it's gonna
be super wet if you want to stay updated
with the new merch my merchandise
Twitter is in the description below
and on that Twitter LLL keep you updated
with the new merch Liz coming this
Saturday it's so hot it's so cool guys
get ready for it oh yeah as always let's
take a recap on what we've done today
an awesome day firstly we went to some
shops and we got mr. tor they didn't
come with a box which is probably not a
good thing at least mom's carrying it
and I'm not I'm sure talk will be a
legend on the channel for many many many
years to come then we came home and we
set up the rooms for the dog wedding we
have the beautiful wedding setter we've
got a flower we've got the Hawaiian
stuff we've got the beautiful bunch of
flowers back there then of course we did
the wedding and it was a flippin success
we now pronounce you two doggies in-law
and married and then we did the after
party which will go down in the ages as
the best after-party in dog history guys
the boys are playing there is balls
everywhere the celebration is in full
swing here today look at this but guys
if you're new one more time thank you
all so much for watching the video
remember to go down there and smash that
subscribe button and also enter the
iPhone 8 giveaway which is live right
now click the link in the description
which will take you to clean which is a
website where you can see how you enter
all the stuff you can do all the ways to
get enter it's super wet guys but it's
an iPhone 8 is on the line someone's got
to get it so why can't it be you thank
you for watching remember to come back
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for another upload
and as always I've been mobbed you guys
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe to mug this
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis attack
thanks for watching peace out
