okay guys now it's time for the moment
we've all been waiting for the 1000
pound box mom can you go go hello
welcome back to another video today
we've got a flippin crazy one because
boys and girls
first of all in today's video we're
jumping off of things I mean which is
always pretty excited I'm too lazy to
get up now mind you I can we can just
enjoy it like this yeah why not yeah
let's do it brass go for it let's do it
boys and girls today is a Sunday Sunday
Funday right Sunday Funday I mine
certainly it's Sunday Funday
Sunday Funday alloys going down today
guys I can't wait it's gonna be a
flippin Bhangra of a day guys
the first things going down into this
video is mom is getting pranked no I
haven't told Martin about this so he's
just gonna have to come with me and just
kind of follow along so come on bro come
on bro trust me just me Martin you
auntie bogs aren't you I am today
welcome to the studio Martin this holds
a lot of cool props I can prank mum with
okay we're gonna move some stuff yeah
can you give us some privacy okay guys
so this here is a pot of slime wanna do
to kick off this video is imma put this
slime in my hand and then go for a
handshake with mom but guys if you're
new and you've never seen my face before
welcome to the moles channel I hope you
enjoy your stay everybody that watches
the channel will know by now that I'm
the prank King so let's get this prank
started okay team orgs the slime is
ready check this out who doesn't love a
good bit of slime I mean mom probably
won't in a few moments I think what I'm
gonna do is probably go for the
handshake or maybe I'll just like
improvise and do something else guys
we'll have to see but let's get going
off to the beasts cave stealth mode
online okay don't war on self mode is Oh
oh my god stop here stealth beer we made
it to the beasts cave there's an angry
beast back there guys team ox let's flip
and do this
good morning oh say hi to the vlog vlog
I can't believe what's just happened on
x-factor wait what you done to your face
makeup on no it feels really soft oh
okay well now I know the Beast is angry
carmine
the beef is angry she provoked she
provoked she's coming Mike she's coming
mine we barely made our there alive that
were a close one okay boys and girls
just teleported into the room right now
there's one question you've probably got
for me morgues
why the hell have you got sunglasses on
inside and my question to you is why the
hell haven't you got some glasses on
inside see Martin good good question
isn't it you see I'm starting new trend
sunglasses inside come at me but another
question you're probably asking it's
more what the hell is that down there in
your jumper and now I'm not talking
about my cameo joggers because remember
you can't see those I'm talking about
this a brand-new unopened iPhone a and
if you're new to the channel I am
currently giving this unopened iPhone a
away to one of you guys boys and girls
I don't even have the new iPhone 8 yeah
and I'm giving it away to one of you
this giveaway ain't no flippin joke and
guys the website where you can enter for
this giveaway is linked in the
description below and basically that
website lastly to do loads of small
tasks like following my snapchat
following my Instagram however two of
the things that we'll ask you to do is
liking this video right now and
subscribing to my channel so go and do
both of those things right now I mean
you don't have to but if you want an
iPhone 8 brand new on open then I mean
you probably should do but yeah guys I
haven't even told you what
we do it in today's video now a while
ago I ordered some mystery boxes off of
ebay I ordered like a 50 pound one I
ordered a hundred pound one and I
ordered a 1,000 pound mystery box and
what these are is literally what they
sound like you just order them off eBay
you pay a lot of money and they're just
boxes filled with mystery that could be
phones in there there could be random
stuff and I ordered three of them two of
them have arrived and I think the last
one is arriving today so that's why I'm
telling you about this guys that's
happening in today's vlog it's gonna be
absolutely crazy guys mystery box
Heather
hello Teen Mom and a loti mold so today
we've taken over morgues channel again
what we're gonna be doing today is doing
a bit of a prank on Morgan so earlier
today Martin told me that Morgan is
going to be doing the Mystery Box
challenge today what Morgan doesn't know
is that there's gonna be a prank the
1,000 meat pound mystery box is a box I
set up I sell this account for him
this prank I have been planning this for
ages and I think now because of what
Morgan's just done throwing things in my
face when I'm getting ready we're gonna
get this prank started I'll let you come
round with me and have a look what's
going into the box and then we're gonna
let Morgan open the 50 pound one the
hundred pound one and then let's see how
long it is till these sort of catches on
hang on a minute this thousand-pound box
doesn't look very good there's gonna be
some things in there that I put in that
are actually is will he recognize them
guys this is gonna be fun and this is
payback to Morgan for all the things
he's been doing to me lately come on
let's get started
so I thought Martin in here what about
putting in one of these little dogs
these little ducks are what Morgan
actually painted when he was a baby when
he was about five year old I've got two
I'm gonna put one in its for some bottom
pipe soon watch and watch yeah does that
look like it's worth a thousand pounds
going in a thousand pound box
not really no rat what we'll put it in
there okay so we've got that that's the
nose
this is featured in my recent video
excuse me yeah
you know Zeon you what about a random
brand-new umbrella that I bought myself
that's his hair Joe let's pop no know
where to go when it needs a nice ring
mine you don't need a spray room no mine
Morgan's lucky pants they're the ones
what about my pants
oh what a knife that's worth more name
so we've got we've got a knife we've got
sweet looking good looking good
what else can we do this is pocos little
collar that there is never worn because
I don't really put a collar on it he has
a harness on but why don't we put that
and that might be like a bit of a hidden
see Morgan we couldn't put that around
there look like that and see if he
notices it yeah yeah it looks mangoes
new looks bananas
yeah oh goodness bah what about a little
toy so he can play with the dog yeah
sorry I doubted you little girl what
about forgiving 50 pounds gained 50 feet
and that's like sort of spending money
yeah what about this is my new purse
what about a brand new lady's purse tuti
chatter - we were those yes I'm sure
that they do party poppers oh oh
where we go little princess I think
we'll just go upstairs pack all this
properly put a piece of morgues merch in
just to buy and emote and then we'll
tape it all up and then we'll kind of
get Morgan to come and start opening
this 50 pound 100 pound and his thousand
pound box okay guys we'll catch up with
you in a little while
yo so boys and girls the time is
currently about nine right now meme on
mine just got back from a nice meal out
and pull go do you know what's going
down right now
you don't Bruno how about you yeah
that's right we're doing the flippin
Mystery Box challenge so basically guys
I explained you earlier on in the video
how this is gonna work I've got three
mystery boxes downstairs I've got a
50-pound one a 100-pound one and a 1,000
pound one and we're gonna go down have a
look at him open them all and see what
the hell is going down guys mommy you're
ready you gonna help me yeah guys we're
gonna get this Mystery Box challenge
kicked off right now remember to drop a
like on the video if you want to another
one of these remember to subscribe if
you smash that subscribe button let's
get this video started
Oh God God Bert that's disgusting of you
just burped in my face don't touch me
Joe sure
Oh God you done you done yeah yeah yeah
little challenge
okay boys and girls I've just recovered
from that dramatic five mine goes back
behind the camera weary flip it belongs
we've got a beautiful mum here today so
I've decked out in some nice clothes
we've got the Mortimer's what do you
think too big
yeah but how good is look at the design
huh yeah the designs are good I feel a
bit stupid look Camille it's too big for
me
guys so right here as you can see this
smaller one here is the 50 pound box
this here is the 100 pound box and then
1,000 pound one monster you are the last
opponent it came about three days ago
stuff be put in its in a safe place
you've been like after yeah mr. thousand
pounds I can't wait to see him well I
can't wait to see it so let's get these
out of the way
this is old off eBay completely abandon
them I don't have a clue what's gonna be
in here but I guess there's only one way
to find out
let's do this yeah what's this please of
course Mungo Spurs for the sweet huh
yeah we got rulers I'm really not sure
that we got some rule this oh oh my god
no justice wails don't hold on let's get
one of these and put it right right on
there let's get another one and put it
on there right
that around the nose now let's go
another one and just put it over the
mouth like like that my gosh guys where
do we even start here we thought we've
got I I feel rubbers we've got oh down
we got a tank a tank a razor bro we
gotta take a razor Joe that's not
amazing let's try to erase something
Yahweh mom we've got some Dragon Ball Z
packs less open - let's open - come on
come on come on what else have we got
it's just like a bunch of like you just
poison just join will over these flippin
packets I mean we got pencils pretty
good I'll say that when we have one of
your parts is when your friends come
very funny guys comment down below what
you think is gonna be in this 100 pound
box and let's see if any of you can get
an item correctly yo what the flip have
we got here you know guys deadliest
animals kill yeah I can play that okay
Morgan
that's stupid oh oh we just been scalped
what's that it's got a screen is it a
money box
mom it's broken the wire on them this
guy's the wire in wire on the end and
then basically we've just got a bunch
more junk we got freaking table we've
gone boom with no battery whatever lies
a sweet mulch
sweetie Wow we all saw that mom oh yeah
guys I mean I guess that's the end folks
let's move on to the 1000 pound box yeah
okay guys now it's time for the moment
we've all been waiting for the 1000
pound box mom can you go gather yes okay
go get it go go go go go go go go I'm
excited I put that on it okay well guys
right here lies the truth right here
lies why I just spent 1,000 pounds on
guys let's see why is in this box guys
why I need you to do right now is smash
alike on the video subscribe if you're
new and comment down below what you
think is gonna be in this box this I
don't have a clue guys let's do this
okay mommy excited you've got one free
they obviously must have thought this is
very very the poison marks match this is
one of mine yes one of your merch well
how would they've known as me but this
will just be a dress I guess when you
all today the phenomena that's kind of
weird
must be in them just been in there ages
is it fresh no it looks fresh why would
it be fresh hey I want to be first round
how would it be fresh it's been in the
Box a few days tasteful
well so we got nice the mango I guess
you like mangoes but you're sure yep
hairspray that's not your eyes a vision
oh that's nice
are these the same ones that we heard
just poppers are just the same oh it's
the baby
Oh where's the storm shots a TV pilot
wives umbrella they're mine this stuff's
all this is all my movie done we prank
you
do we sell this folks get cows so that
you set it off we've got a thousand
pound of your money now so we're gonna
have a little holiday we pranked you
back for all the things you've been
doing to me so that's all my stuff yeah
that's all your stuff oh yeah do I get
to keep my stuff yeah you can keep it
yeah you can keep it all right well I'm
taking over sorry boxes then going don't
do any merge in that yeah I can manage
well guys and I don't think Morgan's
gonna come back and do his outro I think
he's gone into one of his like moody
modes now team um comment below we
cracked him we got him back
well guys all I can say is if you've
enjoyed the video if you want to see
more pranks comment down below on
Morgan's channel more pranks against
Morgan subscribe to his channel
subscribe to my channel and leave a like
if you enjoyed this we've really enjoyed
making this video we've enjoyed taking
over mortgages channel again mother's
never gonna be safe when we're marching
around I hope you enjoyed it and we'll
see you in the next video peace out if
you enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to mugsy's channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis
thanks for watching peace out
