guys I can see Morgan walk-in in the
distance yeah it's coming towards us
there he goes right I can't wait
look at you excites it wait why the C's
pause oh my god is gonna be so exciting
look at the Pago Pago here we go let's
get the reaction hello team mods welcome
back to another video and good afternoon
to all of you morgues why is saying good
afternoon you may be asking I'm saying
good afternoon because right now is too
flippin p.m. I told my mom last night
waiting meal for 11 cuz I want to get an
early start and don't get me wrong she
did she woke meal for 11
however because I'm really lazy and
really bad at looking after myself
I went back to sleep and now it's 2 so
yeah I mean I should probably get some
light in here now you may be wondering
mogs why are you going into so much
detail about your flippin morning
because I'm gonna use this to prank mum
right now I'm gonna basically storm
downstairs and get mad at her for not
waking me up when I said even though she
did and it was me that went back to
sleep
she even ran me a buff and everything
this water has been sitting in this bath
for like the past three hours guys I
said prank walls is back even in this
vlog mum's game pranks but just before
we do that guys I have an announcement
to share with all of you guys and this
announcement is worthy of me standing
the camera that's when you know things
are serious let's let's go flipping us
down the camera okay okay now I have
your attention with the stood up camera
what is this announcement balls you're
probably wanting to know well guys the
announcement is that the iPhone 8
giveaway is now open this is a brand new
sealed iPhone 8 in black these literally
came out like two weeks ago I'm still
using the seven I don't even have this
I'm giving it away to one of you guys
and team mugs
there'll be a link in the description
where you can enter to win yourself this
iPhone I'll take you to a website I've
used loads before in the past it's super
reliable it'll basically ask you to do
some
or tasks like subscribing to my channel
following me on Twitter subscribing to
mum's channel a long story short the
more tasks you do the more chance you
have at winning this iPhone eh
I mean someone's got to get it so why
can't it be you see back when I can have
watched a lot more YouTube videos I'd
always tell myself you know I've got no
chance of winning this
and then I answered one one day I call
me mousse it was it was like a really
small one don't get me wrong but I
entered one it's like a gift card or
something and then I won and I was like
oh damn if only I'd have actually
entered more you know your boy could've
pulled our iPhones iPads in everything
but yeah guys guys the giveaway is open
right now there'll be a link in the
description I'll put it really near the
top I'll label it like iPhone giveaway
click that link do the tasks however two
of the tasks will be subscribing to my
channel
unlike in the video so you can do those
two right now hit a subscribe board
smash the like on the video but let's go
downstairs and give more a cheeky little
prank let's go
actually no we're not gonna go down yet
because I just watched that clip bike
and realized how dead I look give me
like ten minutes I need to wash my face
okay I just put he drenched my face in
water let's go down and say hello to mom
why didn't you wake me
I literally told you last night over
text weight meal put a leathern it's -
have you not seen the time it's - why
have you not want me at all I'm fed up
of this are you punk I'm full of it
no I'm fed up of it do not remember but
I don't don't lie to me why do you not
lie to me
did you enjoy having bacon eggs
scrambled egg and toast at half-past
nine this morning but I never happened
yes it did no no no rum the bad for you
Martin yeah he said it before he went
stop liking you just bet and I went to
you and I said Morgan this is the second
day of just
melayu wait you eyeing okay I was being
lazy are you happy now
started this blenny way move it's never
too late to have a good day four plus
two who cares let's go okay boys and
girls I just got some clothes on oh I
just felt oh let's be silly I know you
Joe keep moving out onto the pond why
did you do you put your arm
so is it hospital not hairdressers now
then yeah okay boys and girls as you can
tell I just got changed I've got the
Mortimer John because obviously what
else would I be wearing link in the
description but right now I'm off to get
my hair cut because Lord you guys have
been commenting mobs what on earth has
actually happened to your hair and
realistically guys I'm on the same boat
as you and I don't know apparently like
a few girls like it which I find hard to
believe mums like squinting at me so
I've just been keeping it but it's got
way too long I'm just gonna go there see
what I've been feel like I have no clue
the next clip I could be flipping balls
but me mum we're going in the car that's
the first thing we're doing we're also
gonna go out get some stuff it's gonna
be cool okay it's gonna be flippin cool
I hope you excited this video let's get
going in three two one
so as you know run the car now run the
way to the hairdresser's and get this
right this is kind of weird I rang them
up and said have you got any places free
for like appointments can i book in to
get my haircut and they said no but you
can come in a way and I was like okay
how long is the way and they're like 45
minutes so I can't book an appointment
but I can walk in and wait I'm just
doesn't sound right
no they what the hell's going on there
okay boys and girls we've just arrived
at the hairdresser's you excited to get
your hair dyed green I'm not doing it
what I'm not you never mentioned my hair
that was the catch if I get my hair cut
you get yours dye green
this man I can't go there not some ends
I'm not a man look like a bloody man I
look like a Kermit found me angry Morgan
you like Akuma anyway so boys and girls
usually when I go into the head just as
I've like a clear idea of why one in my
hand right now your boys got flipping no
idea I could walk out with my hair like
green and you wouldn't be surprised
because I genuinely don't know what how
I'm gonna do more what do you think I
should do I think you just walk in and
you just sit down and you say just saw
out this man so out of this mess that
would be a very that'd be an interesting
video but yeah what you gonna do while
I'm gone well you're gonna be a just so
I'm just gonna pop back home probably
take the dogs little the little walk all
right then well guys let's do this
new haircut in three two one right guys
well Morgan's left his camera which is
like a big mistake
yo guys it's me whoa whoa whoa radio
Morgan's left his camera so I'm gonna
try and do a little bit of vlogging
Molly's in the in the barbers I'm gonna
say hairdressers is in the barbers
because he's actually a man a real man
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna go home and
I think that Morgan would like it if I
actually go go go or Bruno I'll give
them the choice which of them wants to
come only one of them I'll probably
write do a little bit of vlogging with
the dogs
I'll bring Pogo probably pull go back
down to meet Morgan and then we'll
surprise him and we'll all have a nice
car journey together okay guys so that's
gonna be the plan Morgan has made a bit
of a mistake leaving his camera because
you never know we may get up to
something else who knows anyway we'll
finish for now I'm gonna drive home and
then I'll get back on it I'll switch
back on again then bye hello guys its
mom officially taken over Morgan's
channel Morgan's at the barbers it's
actually taken me 30 minutes to get back
home let's have a look at the pubs we
need to ask them a really really really
serious question so what we've got to do
is I can take one of you in the car to
go and see Morgan and surprise him a
fruit up
cool bro no do you want to curl oh that
was obviously a very definite no okay so
a little one poco feel fancy come in for
a drive in the new car yeah poor guy
wants to come for a drive
okay so I'm gonna do now guys I'm just
gonna get a quick coffee and I'm gonna
wait for Morgan to text me and say set
off mom I'm gonna get put goes harness
on I'm gonna take his lead and maybe we
can have a little walking Sheffield with
Morgan just for a nice tree a tree
purple go treat them all go and get them
some fresh air so guys I'll come back to
you soon hi guys and welcome back so
we've arrived in Sheffield we're waiting
for Morgan it's probably gonna be about
15 minutes so I thought I'm gonna get
out the car and take pull go for a walk
and let him explore Sheffield a little
bit what girls like fall into sleep but
I think a little 10-minute walk we'll
probably doing good and then we'll
surprise Morgan when it gets back into
the car anyway we'll see you in a little
while yo guys welcome back so we've had
a little bond around in fact a big
welcome little go book I was quite tired
now and I think Morgan will be coming
out of the barber's soon so remember
this is all about surprising Morgan
won't bury my head in my lap this is all
about surprising Morgan whoa on this
channel so what we're gonna do now is I
think I'm gonna go back in the car
around I'm gonna go back in the car
surprise
see you soon guys I can see Morgan
walk-in in the distance yeah it's coming
towards us how's looking okay reasonable
there he goes right I can't wait
puggy you excite sit wait while it sees
POG oh my god it's gonna be so exciting
look at the Pago Pago here we go let's
get the reaction just get the reaction
Wow look who goes put those me to
Sheffield for a look
surprise first time in the color first
time in the car
I've done it all on my own is because it
is ice actually so don't have you been
recording this no way why did you just
come up with her I don't understand
Bruno's first trip in the car I went
back home and I said boys which of you
wants to come with us and Bruno to sweat
now Bruno no fancier Bruno didn't fancy
did it will even I find what a rude boy
who'll go have you enjoyed your first
ride in the car
see look there he's whooping love though
you can please okay have you been have
you been a good boys and then it was
laid down most of it just laid down
totally chilled we'll go do you want to
go for a walk haha God we go guys are
you anymore let's go let's do it let's
do it
I've just had my hair cut as you can
tell kind of short on that it's kind of
like gelled up right now so I'll show
you it later but yeah apparently mum
decided to take booger in the car so
like sick I guess Morgan this is look
like so much easier now you're here I
tried to warp hold the dog film vlog and
maja bag it was windy way so you stole
my camera and started vlogging with
booger
Butte on my channel
the old channel it's an older shouting
and shouting and and shouts in and small
shouting I thought quality is what you
need yeah but wait guys but way
everybody just you know know cut the
background music couldn't cut the
editing cut everything guys I think we
need to do something right okay is
everyone interested ever listening as if
I'm ready free to wanna roll the dog
cinematics house looking good Morgan
just a yeah I tell you what amazing I'll
give you guys a funny story about this
what time was it when I went to the
hairdresser's I'll tell you what it was
it was eight minutes passed back us
three I pass pretty timed it's telling
get set me to get home what time is it
now
45 past five I've been waiting in there
for absolutely ages but I've got the
trim they've got this weird gel in it
it's gone really hard and like crusty
finally I need to get it washed so mum
how about this right how about we go
home but on the way home we stopped at
some Drive thrus and then we see what
the drive through people's reactions are
to little pull go and the car see if
they even notice could asking questions
about him just have him on my lap and
then just see if I no one notices I
think that would be pretty funny what do
you think
guys guys guys we need to ask Pago Pago
what do you think buddy of cause these
e-z-go for everything little Pogo he's
an eager beaver but wait wait wait wait
wait Pogo I asked you this a little bit
ago and you gave me the answer wasn't
looking for whose team are you on Team
bogs or team one team Pogo the enemy
guys team Pulgar over here let's go hit
up some dry foods let's see what they
say this is poor guys first ride in the
car I think he's enjoying it do you
think mom I think he's having a fun time
being Pogo yeah I think from now on he
just needs to come everywhere with us yo
so we just pulled off I think
KFC drive-through take a look at this if
this is not goals then what is forget
what do you think are you excited you
wanted something from KFC you don't
you're on a diet no did you say that
said it was on a diet pretty word I
don't know who is on a diet I know can
we pay with him instead for me no it's
pretty weird
everybody's like just like spoke like no
attention well so without why did I get
attention I'm not as cute as Polly
honest you know I mean hey there we got
me and I got the KFC so I mean your boys
pretty happy put your little bowl of
your boiling a little bit of love so I
mean everything's good over here yo okay
then boys and girls as you can tell
right now back in the crib hold on let's
make this shot a little bit more epic
three two one and three two one and shut
that yo your boys of lipid strawberry
was just happen oh my god haha now I'm a
strawberry of the time it was a terrible
impression what color should we actually
go for how about a bit of a big green yo
there we got I'm liking that I'm liking
the greens yo so boys and girls let me
taught you about a few things real quick
number one in the next week I'm thinking
about bringing out some new merch guys I
want you guys as out I want your advice
guys comment down below what designs do
you want me to release one you merge do
you want and what items do you want you
don't like backpacks like sweatshirts
don't like jackets vests joggers shorts
socks hats I only have us and also guys
comment down below what videos you want
to see on the channel coming up because
I want you guys's help I want some ideas
after every long day it's good to sit
back and recap on what we've done so
let's all sit back let's all you know
chillax let's just recap what we've done
today or what I've done today because
this is my channel if you want to recap
what you've done then hey hey you go do
that
so we overslept of course we pranked mum
Rover no run the back for ya
Martin yeah he then after we prime mum
we went out in the car I went and got my
hair caught so boys and girls usually
when I go into the head just as I've
like a clearer idea of why one in my
hand right now your boys got flipping no
idea I could walk out with my hair like
green then mum surprised me with the
pagano's put those made to Sheffield for
a look around in everyone then we went
to the KFC drive-through and a pile of
the new me there but we surprised them
with the dog which is pretty flippin
cool roll I clip guys is where I'm gonna
sign off the video I need to get a
little bit of work done tonight guys yes
believe it or not I do actually have
some work to do so yeah I need to crack
up without guys but today has been
really really dope that's such a good
day today finally got my hair cut tell
me if you like it it's kind of dead
right now but I mean yeah it's not as
blonde anymore so I assume something
you'll be happy to see that foot bingo
guys if you're new remember to go down
there and smash that subscribe button
and also if you watch it still remember
to go down there and smash that like
button on the video the iPhone 8
giveaway is open right now and as I said
I'll be a link in the description where
you can go and enter the giveaway and do
all the things get that done it's super
cool yeah don't miss out on that ok guys
thank I'll soon for watching and as
always I've been mold you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out if you enjoyed this
video then remember to subscribe to
mugsy's
and don't forget to leave a like if you
have a big penis thanks for watching
please
