No
hello guys welcome back and thank you
for clicking on this video oh man I am
literally so high for today's video I
cannot flippin wait friends do you guys
want to tell them what's what's going on
today I'm just kidding guys then there's
no one there sometimes I like to pretend
like I have friends because it makes me
feel better about my terrible life
anyway moving on today's video is gonna
be so awesome for so many reasons number
one I just got out of shower
so my hair is really fun and moving it's
kind of cool I don't know I think I'm
just being a little bit childish number
two today I am off to London to me up
with Kara again for like the seventh
week in a row my life is just on a
bloody mad one at the moment so here
technically there is gonna be some other
people in this video so don't have to
pretend like there's people in my room
I'm still pretty sad though okay boys
and girls so right now it is currently
1:00 p.m. or is that one AM PM am i
think it's 1:00 p.m. and your boy is
just currently getting ready because I
am going off to London in a little while
when it's a little while I mean like 10
minutes though your boys in a flippin
rush hence why my room it's so flippin
messy like there's just stuff everywhere
I mean like what this place is click bad
doing by the way click man I really like
I like the hoodie bros out the new MH
embroidered hoodies yeah I think it is
bro where's the link in the description
yeah that's right Donny I've got click
bear asking me for new mission go all my
friends asking me for the new merch like
just flipping by some dude I can't give
everyone for new merch so yeah if you're
new heir and you've never seen me on
your screen before welcome to the
channel my name is Morgan you guys are
team mugs and if you haven't already
subscribed to the channel what are you
doing go down there slash that subscribe
button
smash that like button type a comment
then smash that send bow and go to the
description and smash that read more
button go and smash the follow Bonanomi
the social media then when you've done
that go and smash the Add to Cart button
on my merch sigh going
the subscribe on my mum's channel that's
that's it that's all you can flip and
smash so I'm currently just gonna wave
my hand to dry because it's really wet
then we can go after the train station
I've got some awesome ideas for what I
want to do today you guys have read the
title you guys know what's coming up
it's gonna be awesome but before we do
anything let's go and say hello it's a
mom I have no clue ashes this is like a
day in the life of the morgues house
there's just always just random stuff
going on like mine care to explain why
the lounge is just on the ropes working
out working out as usual if only your
head could work hard as keeping the hair
you could've actually okay we'll keep it
up mine on if you had a good morning he
looks quite sad you okay buddy are you
okay oh I think he is I think he's good
you good but are you gonna miss me when
I'm gone you're gonna miss me know what
the help will go you're not gonna miss
me BAM oh how are you this morning I'm
like in the homeless kind of look today
just yeah kind of casually homeless yeah
you do look kind of homeless really do
you know what do you think
see even Bruno thinks she's homeless so
when are we going up to London no wait
you think your mommy with you today no
you're taking me to the train station
yeah that's not happening
can I come with you might read no just
to get me out for the day no I'll come
home later on the tray no Marty is doing
work you went you want to go Morgan
let's go now
you want me to drive yeah yeah in my new
car I mean you come oh go on then
okay boys and girls we're in the car
right now we've got the big woman she's
got a Dior sunglasses on I mean for real
more don't do a lot of powers graceful
and a girl you look really good to be
fair you can wear Dior and you can just
like it just raises your cool levels by
like about 50% Oh ever but yeah
boys and girls right now we're off to
the train station we're in the whip
we're in the blue car right now as you
can see
looking fresh and split right now we're
actually recording a video for mums
channel what I'm doing is I'm gonna be
questioning her on loads of
controversial things while she drives in
the car we're just about to get up in
yourself right now if you haven't seen
that already
it'll be out on mum's channel very soon
and they'll be linked in the description
where you can subscribe to her because
this video is gonna be really really
funny I'll be sure to ask her all the
gruesome all the grueling all the
controversial things you guys want to
know it's gonna be a good one but guys
right now we're off to the train station
I'm off to London this is gonna be a
great video subscribe if you're new
leave a like get the merch I'll see you
guys soon actually actually hold on a
sec moment you wanna do my transition
see you guys soon okay boys and girls as
you can tell we've pulled up somewhere
where are we oh be careful don't let
Amon take advantage of you you're only
16 okay well so yeah boys and girls we
just filmed the video on her channel the
QA was it funny did you get exposed I
got exposed that I always getting I
exposed on their own channel guys that
video will be out soon subscribe to her
the link in the description anyway boys
and girls right now I've just pulled up
at the train station I'm gonna go to
London in five four three two one do it
enjoy South Morgan see you in London
bye oh oh oh look who's okay hey how are
you she's back on the channel first
thing to tell them what did you forget
what did you forget what did you forget
miles did you forget she left her camera
the single most important thing you need
being a youtuber left it
hey I didn't leave mine so I can't
really relate I'm just professional
everything but yeah what we do in we
wait in we're here back at the same
hotel as last time guys because I can't
be bothered to find any other one yeah
okay so we just spoke to reception they
literally just gave us a free upgrade
they put us on the top floor so we're
gonna give them their stuff they're
gonna give us a better room on that
so obviously I'm very excited 13/4 first
time looking thinks this Amy was last
time well I mean wait is this exact same
it was last time oh wow well it's not
the exact same room because it's a floor
higher up so is that the upgrade we've
got we've got higher up for that's a
pretty good view so yeah boys and girls
we've got couch such sofas / sitting
thing tables Kiera
we've got the TV we've got the desk we
got literally every bit of the exact
same as last time it's like this would
literally be the same room if that
wasn't a different color but yeah guys I
mean it's still pretty good room so I'm
gassed okay boys and girls I just got
ready I'm only joking I was already not
thing has changed Kiera go really though
so care where we often do tonight slice
today slice right now some like random
guy I think he might have been like
homeless or something came up to my room
earlier and that's like kick him out and
ever since then he just been messed in
my phone like I'll show you him
obviously once we go down to him what
parents like waiting frozen in the lobby
but he knocked on the door so we were
like hey we may as well let him in and
then he was like you got any food you
got any money and like starts deal and I
stuff enough so we had to kick him out
and now he's just been messing us saying
that like he's booked as a table
somewhere like we've got to go out for
food with him or something
so apparently today we're gonna food
with someone who's homeless which I
don't know I'm not really too excited
about what hey you got to do what you
got to do to the homeless we're nice
people aren't we show you boys and girls
what would you mind now is going about
- in amo I went there before with her
last time I saw and it was literally
like the nicest few place we've ever
been like I'm gonna lie the food that
was like next-level the cocktails were
amazing my cocktail was amazing we go
back there we go right now guys it's
gonna be really dope we I can't believe
we'll easily got the exact same room as
last time just like a floral it's kind
of weird like literally this is gonna
fail at the same blog as last time but
this is like completely different whoa
whoa yeah food yo Cara do my transition
so guys here is the homeless person we
told you about
he's just been waiting for us down here
I don't know he came up throwing will
they go I think was offering us like
room service or something that is my
favorite coat that's my coat thing
around by the way anyway mister homeless
person where we going right now yeah
drinks Joseph is wandering
- yeah non-alcoholic softails - he
actually called not not cocktails soft
tails no i-i've seen soft tails before
this is aggressive compliments with
morgues you look really cute you have a
really nice smile Jacob you're really
tall your teeth
absolutely traumatized that was episode
1 of aggressive compliments with morgues
coming back legs cancel okay boys and
girls as you can tell we are in the
restaurant right now this place is
really cool you like order your food
from an iPad it's really beautiful stop
Jacob want to play the game with me on
the tables - let's do it - let's do it
you ready guys actually play a game on
the table it's put this clue is pretty
mad
you ready Jacob over scores first wins
fine Oh
okay I saw the best way to start it but
yeah we're gonna get some food and
drinks and still it's gonna be good
memory
thank you
we go to the game brah I'm all over the
place
Thank You Jacob you winning oh I got 51
how much did you get with one minute
eight seconds disgraceful Oh Jacob sorry
enjoyed
all the story I've just one question are
you on Team orgs or people wait what
jaunty moon Jacob anyone Teemo Teemo
Thank You Morgan however you made
you're really great boys the girls right
now your boy and the girl not him he's
going home because he's just going back
onto the streets but yeah we're going
back to the hotel
are you cold John they're warm you're
joking oh oh well guys she just cheated
on me that's like cheating right there
the clip is now oh my good boy let's get
some clean bait right now she's cheated
on me you too just like him you too
lightweight put your hook down let's
actually get some clickbait YouTube not
about to kiss do do do do and just be
like but I'll leave this in the video
like that like that let me get like that
this is how you clip back god
and that ladies and gentlemen is how you
click may technically this to it on me
okay we're back together guys
but then boys and girls went back right
now in the hotel as you can tell it's a
little bit late right now so I you know
your boys got to keep his voice down a
little bit but yeah they want I mean
normally day one it's like you know it
was like a half day but yeah guys I hope
you've enjoyed this fun let me know why
don't me to do tomorrow in the next a
comment down below what you want me to
do and also remember to come back
tomorrow to the channel at 6 p.m.
because you boy of course is dropping a
new video but before I go check this out
thirty to one skirt see the mirrors back
wave all the time all of that skirt that
will never ever fail to amuse me amused
by such stupid things but guys thank you
all so much in this video as always if
you do remember to leave a like on the
video and also comment down below what
want me to do in the next video I'm also
remember to subscribe to the channel if
you're new enter the iPhone 8 giveaway
all you have to do to enter nice leave a
like on the video and subscribe and
you'll be entered guys thank you so much
for watching and as always typing for
you has been awesome and I'll see you
tomorrow at 6 p.m. in the next video
peace out if you enjoyed the video then
remember to subscribe to mugsy's channel
and don't forget to leave a like if you
have a big penis
thanks for watching this happened
