hello I mean not something you want to
say to me you know I need the car not up
we're never to drive it since you really
matter what the car Morgan you've got a
hammer
and you smash my car you scratched it
hello guys and welcome back to another
video is Tuesday is the big day and all
you guys are excited well at least I
mean I hope you are now I'm not gonna
lie
you've obviously read the tire and you
obviously know what's going on however
there is still a lot to say before we
get into the main attraction of this
video now as you can tell I'm totally in
London right now in a hotel room it's
fairly early this morning I'm off home
pretty quick because I want to get this
video underway however mum still has no
idea about the surprise and mine doesn't
no one at home has any idea about the
surprise so there's still a lot of
planning and preparation that needs to
go into this but just with all that guys
if you don't know ready I'm just bummed
back some gift card giveaways on the
channel I've got some Google Play ones
with me right now I'm gonna go out later
and get some ITU's one who's one I want
to get something don't have any in stock
like they only had these if you want a
gift card of your choice all you have to
do is leave a like on this video and
subscribe to the channel it's simple as
that okay then boys and girls you've
read the title you know kind of what's
going on however however I assume a lot
of you still have a lot of questions
about what's going on and what I'm gonna
do is a little session right now I'm
gonna answer all your questions and just
fill you in on the situation a little
bit more I don't know you guys are all
eager to see the surprise but I need to
make sure we're all on the same page
here no the first thing loads you're
probably wondering is was it really
necessary to smash your mom's car like
was that really necessary
and the answer long story short is
probably not but you guys know me this
is the mall Channel we just do crazy
stuff without thinking about it but for
real that was a lot of actual kind of
thinking that went into the I saw if I
just go out in surprise one with like a
new car she's the type of person who
would be like no I'm sending it back I'm
gonna go get a refund I refuse to accept
it because like she's that type of
person she's not nice so I thought hey
let's just give her no choice and just
smash up her car and also because I
thought I'd be funny I mean come on I
took a hammer and smashed a window you
got me that's pretty funny
is how long have you had this all
planned for and let me tell you guys I
have had this entire thing planned for
about a week now even more than a week
you guys probably saw my videos a little
bit ago where we went and looked at
Range Rovers with mom and me mom both
happen to like the exact same one so as
soon as that happened I was like oh damn
you know this needs to go down another
question
mogs where is mama right now she is home
she takes me this morning saying when
are you coming back and it was literally
just that like literally just when are
you coming back like I haven't responded
to it but she seems kind of worried and
mad at the same time she didn't tweet
yesterday which is like I'm disgusted so
like she is she's pretty flippin mad
right now
she's pretty frickin put pretty flippin
mad another thing you may be wondering
is mole's how is this gonna go down well
the ideal scenario is I'm gonna go home
I'm gonna talk to my first explained
situation here get him on my side and
then we can go through with a surprise
on mom guys that's all I'm gonna say the
questions have been answered this video
is gonna be a flipping banger like the
video subscribe if you're new this is
going down and I hope you guys are all
excited because I am flipping excited
and I'm not even home yet
so the plan for like right now is I'm
gonna pack my stuff up I'm gonna get off
home go home for like midday ish get
mine on my side
get the car get it to mom and this video
is gonna get a hell of a lot more crazy
guys I cannot wait leave a like on the
video if you're excited subscribe if
then you comment down below what you
think about this entire situation for
you guys I can't wait let's get this
video started Jo just went and took some
photos for the Instagram but wait you
want to see you want to see the photos
we just took okay you know I guess
that's okay guess that's okay bye
one of them another one play if you want
to see the rest the link to my insta is
in the description below train leaves in
like two minutes for your boy I had to
run for the star book with the
priorities are on point so I got to the
station at 56 the train was leaving at
then you think sometimes they stood
outside because the doors were closing I
showered and you just didn't open him
back up he's just completely moving off
so it's like your boys where's another
30 minutes not really outgoing okay so
it's been about an hour
I'm currently sat unless the train
station which is like in between London
and Chesterfield for some reason
apartment when I went to go on the train
at London there was two trains warning
for
mind I go on
one and not just happen to be going to
know too
to change around
I don't care boys and girls it has been
a flippin while let me update you on
what the hell is going on but I do need
to keep my voice down because if you
can't tell I'm back in the danger zone
my body is on the line again so boys and
girls basically as you know my train got
flippin delayed it got delayed pretty
flippin badly too like it is actually
getting on right now like I think it's
even going dark soon it is pretty
so it's not like late but like it's not
necessarily early anymore if you get me
mom takes me earlier saying she's asleep
upstairs so like if I'm coming in just
ancient literature Tommy that takes to
stay away from her and keep out of a way
so she's very mad but she's in a room
which means I've got like I you know
that her broom is like a danger zone so
I got stay away from there now mine's in
right now and I need mines help to
actually get the car like we don't have
the car right now everything's all done
but there's just a little bit of
paperwork that needs to be signed just
the boring weird annoying adult stuff
okay but everything is all confirmed all
done already by doing in mind so long
after doing after to go stairs and find
him and calm him down though because
like if I go to him I know his immediate
reaction is gonna be this bully guy
needs a buddy pounding with his body big
fists and big arms so I'm in trouble I
need to be careful okay I'm really not
sure my own okay all you've been doing
to stay there you know your mom's
absolutely she's she's ruined you for
the weekend
Maui weekend while you play that I had
to clean all that blah so right it took
me ages clean that glass so we were
panicking that was somebody in upstream
I wanted to break it out mine
I bought evoke what I bought evoke you
mean your body ever I bought at the car
the blue car the one that she wanted one
I wanted any one ever looks at the one
that we looked at yes yes yes Austin yes
see everything's done and I broke it
because I knew if I didn't she won't
want it she won't accept that she's
nedra gnocchi's cluttered that car I
know it's old but she's got it yeah bye
boy they're vogue Harper's gonna be must
be able normal doughnut more than me
this is my moment I was getting that big
old for you one moment
I know that's why I've been trying to
stay away but I wanna surprise her a bit
today but I need your help with Lina
ruined our weekend now all right if you
say you bought it you bought it but
normal done weekend anna-lysa Gayle
engine will just get ready for when a
surprise move it okay
how good is it gonna be today today
today actually I need you tell Polynesia
to sign some paperwork and all the
boring stuff it's all done okay okay
boys and girls I have a lot to tell you
a flippin lot to tell you so obviously
the main thing being oh my god boys your
husband's don't you believe me now look
at this guy's
so obviously I just had a huge talk with
Marta buy everything told him how I've
been planning this pray just told him
all the details then we had a long chat
about all the boring stupid adult stuff
and obviously since me and mom already
went once we asked all the questions
like I'd really win it will have to do
much there just sign some papers it was
kind of everything was already kind of
done in a way like I've been planning
this for a long time man I wanted to
tell you so much but it's best I can
show you now so yes we have got it we
have got the blue Range Rover Evoque and
we're taking it home right now
now do you think she'll be still be hot
jig shows me over she was my party good
one think about it now yes
exactly I knew it I knew it guys roof
back see all the interior is so good
wait wait wait wait wait wait what's
that what's that what's that yeah guys
I'm actually so hot right now we're
literally pulling up home we'll be there
in like a few minutes it's kind of going
dark right now this is just completely
like ridiculous I just can't believe
this entire thing I just can't believe
I've actually pulled this off I got
we're actually going home right now the
surprise mom with this car I'm just so
thankful to you guys for obviously
making this a reality so everybody in
the conversation that said you guys saw
this coming I freaking did it guys this
is just this is just so cool so I think
the way I'm gonna do this guys is
because obviously mom don't know any of
this has happened mark and just went out
we just went out and got it
mine told us some random excuse I didn't
even go near her because I just didn't
even want to get near her but I think
the way we're gonna do this is Martin is
going to go in and say to her that suck
that like I've got a surprise for or
just find the way gara of a bedroom
because she didn't want to see me and
she probably won't go out for me and
then obviously we're gonna get the car
on the drive we're gonna get it all set
up and then we can get this entire thing
started I cannot flip him away I'll show
you guys the car in more detail once we
get back and then I show you mums
reaction to it honestly guys it doesn't
want to say a massive thank you one more
time and now I literally just said that
in the last clip but it's unreal but you
know like I can actually you guys put me
in position where I can actually do this
and yeah guys I wanna say thank you so
much a moment you're watching this that
I did plan this this was all planned and
I hope you're gonna be I hope you're
gonna be happy I can't wait to see
reaction it's coming up guys let's do it
okay boys and girls we've just pulled up
home right now I'm feeling a little bit
more in safe territory right now mine's
on my side so that's good obviously and
yeah we've just parked on the drive for
like the first time looking good
my being Lord I tell you this car is an
absolute beauty mine what do you think
beautiful beautiful right Automator this
car is just oh my lord
it's just a flippin beauty I can't wait
Bruno's get excited so let's get on to
anything but yeah make sure she doesn't
come out the bedroom okay but today yeah
this is serious I don't quite a bedroom
by then so Martin are you ready to get
this thing started I am you know yeah
definitely you're gonna go together
Yahweh downsizing the whole your way
down there I'm gonna do this okay don't
forget she's mad with you ya know so
karma Donatella I've got target reason
and tell that she should just give me a
chance okay okay guys let's do this
free to me not something you want to say
to me what do you want to say today
about I want to say to you what on earth
have you I don't even know what sir I'm
actually shocked I didn't realize you
were back
well what have you done to my cup why
what have you done to my car why you
know I need the car not I've been able
to drive it since you really mad about
the car I'm not really mad about it you
like stood with it why stop filming me
while we're talking this is what to be
on film while we're doing this
Morgan you've got a hammer and you can
smash my car you've scratched it I was
nothing that's gonna cost me to sort out
it's more it's gonna cost me more to
sort that out and put it through its MOT
than what it would actually cost me to
scrap it
yeah and this is surprise which is why
I'm holding back - yeah someone's no
reason I know there's a reason you keep
saying as a reason on your videos side
up within plunge ok this was all a plan
are you ready uh-huh you sure yeah
you're gonna give me a chance
yeah I'm not current talks I don't want
to say to be honest Morgan I'm just
doing a bit of shark and you don't have
to say anything you okay wait and see
you want me in car design my name I
can't see glasses
did you know about this long ago today
someone let me look in the garage
if I didn't you know disappoint but you
would accept a book no one I do not
accept that one going I just spent a lot
of money on its gate release MLT oh it's
a wonder when do you get what do we do
when do I have to go and get it awesome
thing Jochen it's now outside it's not
mine really yes
no it's all yours I promise oh he got
hey after you do it cool how did you do
it
it's all yours oh my god I don't what's
a mold that's the current we saw when we
went in the garage
we had song in it all that why didn't I
do that I knew I wanted to do something
for you and I saw how much you liked it
and I know how much I liked it I mean
look at that I just look at the
difference it's like so they can I know
how long you've been driving that for
and hello I know how much you've been
wanting something like that
look at that look at that what do you
think you happy look at that it's all
yours
okay men go first all yours oh oh wow my
look at that do you think she's a loser
I think just to redeem yourself name you
myself
yeah what do you think that Oh honestly
it's like the most amazing but I don't
know what all these things are and
everything for I should do on your
channel you should do your first-ever
Drive on your channel what do you think
should do it's the one went in the
showroom and straightaway I walked to
it's the same one isn't it yeah exact
same one exact one you wanna look at it
I mean I just come through this ok guys
so it's a little bit later right now
it's been about an hour basically what
we're gonna do right now is we're gonna
switch over to mums Channel and
basically she's gonna try driving the
car going out in it having fun in it
testing all the features doing all that
fun stuff launching it going really fast
in it on her channel guys it's gonna be
a crazy video we wait until it's nice so
that we could go on the streets
and it would be really fast and really
cool and I'll be really really fun so
guys don't
you can turn on to my channel the video
will be out by the time you see this one
guys don't be a link in the description
to her video it's out right now go watch
it obviously after you've watched this
one but this one's you know kind of over
so yeah go watch shows what guys I just
want to say thank you so much watching
the video if you enjoyed the member to
leave a like subscribe if you're new
go watch mom's video and I'll see you
all in the next one peace out if you
enjoyed the video don't remember to
subscribe to mugsy's channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis
thanks for watching
these are happy
