my mother is fake you could tell me what
I can have a kid yeah you sure yeah
hello guys and welcome back to another
video now one question do I have your
attention
know anything of your attention right
now
so what we're doing today we're just
chilling again just like every other
vlog because all we ever do is just
surround anyway yeah guys right now me
and Cara are on the way to Selfridges
I'm starting this vlog with a bang no
two-minute intro on this video we're
going right now or give me a countdown
do the transition oh so I've just
teleported to a changing room in
Selfridges ladies and gentlemen I'm
about to buy something from right let me
show you can you can you see them please
can you see them see all you would have
commented that I just beat you to it so
I've just popped my camo joggers I go
over to the changing room currently your
body has disappeared
yeah you just like you see the right
yeah it just goes yeah like there's a
floating head guys we're gonna match
that his goals Hey imagine imagine
imagine school so apparently now
according to Kyra she's doing my makeup
for a video and I've already had my
makeup done by girls about four times so
your boys like a regular hair I probably
know more about makeup than you we're
just going makeup shopping right now I'm
I'm very very excited I'm not okay so
weird you're shopping for makeup right
now I'm just looking for
is it look good yeah let me just wipe it
with my with my blue hair really okay I
mean I guess I'll keep you on them
excuse me
do you like my makeup did you lovely juh
like it I think it's good for the
compliment I'm sure I'm sure it looks
very new China newer we try a new style
it's really blended really well Lady
gentlemen I'm about to go through an
intense transformation oh my
unfortunately the transformation was
canceled okay guys quick change of
scenery we're back now in the hotel that
we have just extended I stayed for
another night yeah they wanted to kick
us out and I said no I need to make this
video because there's some things right
now that I need to look up with you guys
and I need her her here I need her here
to look at them guys today we're gonna
be reading her Instagram comments yes I
know you could read so guys today
basically I'm gonna be seeing you know
I'm gonna be seeing what's poppin in the
Instagram column I've been hearing a few
things I've been hearing that you know
you know this is some pretty pretty
funny and interesting comments on your
Instagram is that correct yeah am i
right in saying that yeah yeah all I'm
saying is there's probably gonna be a
lot of bleeps in this video I imagine I
mean I haven't looked at them yet but I
imagine there's gonna be a lot of this
sound coming at you throughout this
video because there's some pretty you
know I eat my Instagram comments are
pretty pretty pretty bad like I'm a male
she's a female you've got boobs because
they're hozier Instagram as you can see
it's pretty cool to start the bottom
washer start the top
anyone out of ocean sounds great so here
we have a pretty decent photo
I actually took that guys you know did I
get typed for photo credit you did it Oh
actually did I genuinely have no you
take me I lit up the first time okay
let's go all the way to the top let's
look at the first comments okay if
there's a lot of guys in your Instagram
comments I'm not gonna be happy you know
I'm I'm obviously taking you know this
the defensive role here in like I don't
want to see those guys in the
conversation you know I mean okay what
we saying wow you're fine you've got
some good fans yeah I know because I
have big hot slay legend fig CC makes
all the difference
I love you so much you start to
interesting one Kim K's sure slang skur
mom is limping when you forget to take
the yellow highlight out of your child's
before put in the washing machine with
your white bikini
my mother is fake you tell me you what I
can't have a kid yeah he sure is
yeah it's who poor go to mean my poor
yes a zone word Z but implanted this did
your boy implants yeah really
boy hurry Cassie stop spamming is more
than Kara daring are we doing
we might be daring second photo boys and
girls and water whatever other genders
and so for watching this show we have a
photo with me and Kara and some other
people hey I can show you all the people
are if you want whoo that was me cuz I
look great
yeah it's just well bitch that's um
notorious you can't cover this hag
that's so Ella that's JMX
and that's a dog of course yeah thank
you Thank You Claire that woman
you're a legend with the wrong yo that
makes me want to die can you report it
please
well I just randomly hearted someone's
you're a legend comment on my account on
a photo from six days ago she's gonna be
genuinely like what the flip right why
is more just like my comment you're
alleging from six days ago oh wait this
is cool come in who's this guy it might
take Wow do you fella
not quite often no no or a million know
quite often mail or email but but yeah
follow me follow me write that more do I
see Lincoln stripping and follow me care
times follow me care times follow me
Keira tell them to follow me do not go
in what was that
what is this what's the wrath what some
of the relevant is it Jacob looks a
little off it does doesn't it since when
is Jacob in so overly Jacob Sartorius
got way tall a while hey yeah that's one
thing Jacob if you're watching this
brown seeks for free yeah come on I
think he's like five foot two or
something like that looks like he's very
tall guy today why does Karen Bridget
look like the emo kid that sits alone at
lunch when the cool kids saw and come
over and took a picture together it's
funny because it's true
ha I see Morgan with his arm around you
don't let it slip further down no I'd
never do that
you never do that
never do your body's basically taking
over the Instagram game another one here
and you know your boys down there guys
hand on the waist
that's waste can we clarify that his
waist can you clarify yeah that's what
you see him I'd never don't another than
the waist boy you don't watch that hand
doesn't get any lower
hey Jesus bought
leapin Christ okay
flipping these naughty words baby bleeds
like you know my address
like that the CPM is it's been on a
general low at the moment so like this
probably isn't gonna this probably ain't
gonna help is that is Kara attracted to
the 2.5 million subscribers true true I
don't get that a lot is that George
George which is like mogs
on call right now in the conversation
the word no checking of it when you were
like the new name okay let's go back and
go so like one of your first photos
going to make this really awkward
that's wanna I thought all react to you
Instagram to be honest yeah let's just
do that okay oh wow
what you don't want to either walk what
is that huh I did a Halloween pumpkin
carving video where I tried to dress up
as a Harley Quinn mixed of a sexy cat so
Harley Quinn cat sexy please as a bra I
put a bin bag of meat so they wouldn't
get corn and pumpkin that was just some
promotional pictures well what's this
that's just maybe attractive I match the
cartons therefore it take a picture oh
yeah I couldn't even see you there but
you weren't even there altogether
yeah - you much everything right now
you'd imagine you just match in the
background who's matching everything
allons I don't know I'm not know I think
we're done okay thank eyes thank you all
so much for watching this video
obviously because the video was all
about her Instagram I've got to give a
huge shout-out to my into gun guys go
down in the description and follow it
there'll be a link
morgg's YT all one word and also you
know since Kyra was joined there she
also has a YouTube channel
my mum does too so you can go subscribe
to my mom she's on about 400 K at the
moment she's doing really really well
you have snapchat grey I do to guys mugs
Hudson all long words I'll be linked in
the description or you can just put it
yourself
yell at you over Twitter yeah my
tutorials guys mold Sutton and mold
merge merge mode match for updates and
more touch them for my life
go get the merch oh yeah drop match what
lines best and it cost
cheaper go down that and get yourself
some merch from Moscow or one word I've
got to give a huge shout to this
apartment it's so flippin nice I mean it
was such a pleasure to record in here
leave a like on the video subscribe if
you news I actually went to this entire
video without begging you to subscribe
so that deserves a white and you should
also subscribe if you're new
have a great day or don't I don't really
get by huh
if you enjoyed this then remember to
subscribe
Bugsy's Jana I'm good forget to leave a
like
