okay boys and girls I hate to alarm you
but we're starting this video with a
little bit of a dilemma I prefer I made
a mess you didn't do anything
so this coke bottle was full and it got
spilled over and now yeah
I'd write it all down on the plug socket
out on the floor and we don't know what
to do do we touch it will electrocute us
guys love ever a rough start to the vlog
what I mean at least they can only get
better
okay then boys and girls 20 minutes
later your boy is in his shorts which
are literally about 17 sizes too big I
mean come on
but yeah right now me and Kara are
heading down where we own kara we going
to the beach guys in the UK let's do
this yeah we're still here because
there's something I wanted to say it I
forgot we're going down to the spa right
and you know how to take cameras down
there and I've done this before this is
what you call operation the camera I'm
gonna put this in my bag I'm gonna take
this down in its own bag and we're gonna
do this guys wish me look three two one
skirt Oh boys and girls what where we
have just arrived all to ourselves oh ye
guys were at the spot I tell you what
this is probably the most entertaining
start to a mall video
ever it's just you they are they don't
go in you go on let's go in again guys
pool time spar time let's do it
whoa hold on a sec hold on hold on is
that is that the new mg third more merch
why don't I get up from link in the
description boys and girls guys it's a
real shame my shorts didn't come with
any pockets so I mean it's a good thing
when people say youtubers you know they
don't work hard youtubers you know we
just have the the fun lifestyle we just
party all day we don't do any work
alright that's me but her see Kara it's
always on the grind
look at this look at this look at this
anyway I need to leave her to get some
work done because your boys just a bit
of a distraction I mean when you've got
looks like this it's hard not to get
distracted today yep
she wasn't bothered okay boys and girls
little bit of a change of scenery right
now she just got really attractive I got
into my er normal like mode I guess just
the mobs guys basically right now I sat
down to and I was like hey okay you know
you're getting pretty deep into the
channel right now everybody knows you
and we think it's time that you know we
get more deep into you know your secrets
deeper into your secrets your library
your history on the internet and I was
like hey have you got any other social
medias and she's like she has a
musically guys the world is is finally
coming to an end
boys and girls we're gonna be reacting
to them right now and one of the most
most asked questions that you guys for
some reason seem to ask me is morgues
why aren't you gonna music Lee and you
know every time someone asked me I just
say because I'm like normal in the head
baby if yours are good and I'm impressed
maybe you can teach me how to do my own
music play so I can get really big and
famous on them I can be like Jacob you
be more like me more like you of course
you've got what you've got more follows
Emile musically yeah I think 51 you have
like 51 hmm thousand I did install the
app you know for some reason I think I
made an account on their ages ago when I
was like Bordeaux I like you know don't
want to go down the Jake of you and I
was like no I definitely don't but once
you name on there I think it's Kier
Bridget boy
Bridget boy boy boy boy boy oh my good
you have a hundred fifteen funds is that
good
how many Jacob guys you go like 120 of
them no I mean James the Taurus but your
change stories sorry what
you're not taking no I'm more logs I do
like you know I logged in so bifel you
isn't under each tweet no I'm sick I'm
at legal age I'm 16
it's really great hello
okay so Jacob Sartorius currently has 18
million yeah I thought there's nothing
on me
what have you got 103 million when
you're familiar no don't I'm not sure
yeah so is he like the King then do you
think we should start by getting some
from him is like this is like the prime
example I'm okay
I don't you're the queen but I'm pretty
good date thing what can him go yeah I'm
not even gonna lie I don't think a lot
do I look like him
I think the only thing we have in common
is what I have a beautiful young boys
their coverage watches but I hope you
know we can be musically those together
I'll start off we can be good you can
help me grow on that because you well
what okay let's turn off now we need to
get guys into the main flippin
attraction Kara Bri then we starting
with imma hit you with a follow first of
all and you know I'll turn on post
notifications oh you've got 155 parts
what does that mean I don't know it's
like I only have like one huh damn wait
in your body don't afford one heart not
just one
yeah okay so should start with the first
one let's go with this one here is my
favorite one haha why do you sound
playing the sound isn't playing Kara I
can see yes okay okay first musically
you know it may have been like you know
this free okay I'm not sure the first
one was as good as I was expecting some
of it like I make it like a 2 out of 10
okay gotta be honest yeah she knows the
second one
here we we need we need just sing again
upon a million reasons oh oh wow look at
ha ha okay I'm seeing I'm actually
seeing an improvement here dice easily a
5 or 10 Michael oh my god I'm gonna lie
watch it happen you look really good
pink I like I just decided that as good
as I might think no no you looked really
good me think I'm so what's happened
oh okay wait so you don't I don't want
no I like the pink
oh I'm sorry I'll give it a like I'll
give it a light to make up here they're
47 flag I'll leave a comment
drive it account no way do I actually
have an account I have to count I think
why do i why do I really count with more
funds than you about doing anything like
anything I don't even remember making
nah oh that's really me just following
you I'm literally got it counted five
with you 50 followers how about your
music I've got doing now I feel like
I've got to do all I don't know I'm
doing am i doing the shrine music fair
access camera I says microphone alright
flip flip flip
that's what okay what do I do what's he
doing what'd you do
little tile that oh no I think I just
it's over
okay well um finally now we're musically
a guys Jacob I've just got one thing but
I'm coming for you
we're musically like this Jacob you
better be scared like exactly we just
Automator musically thank you comment
down below if you want me to become the
next big musically I go follow my
musically let's see if I get two
followers wait let's wait how many of
you got yes you do okay just stop saying
yeah so here we've got Kara that the
well-known music player with 116 fans
free music plays bio title everything
here you got your boy morgs 551 easy
peasy lemon squeezy
guys that was it I was reacting to music
please I've no clue what the hell I just
did or we just did but yeah I'm neither
played out
if you enjoyed this video then remember
to subscribe to mugsy's channel and
don't forget to leave a like thanks for
watching
peace out
