hey Cara do you want a spoon or would
you rather fall okay we're good
hello guys and welcome back to another
video now I'm home right now and I've
already recorded this video I've just
washed it all back it's a really good
video don't you worry however the entire
video is literally a big mess of clips
with me and Cara by the way
Cara is a female which probably just
raised your attention span by like 50%
wing no but guys I just thought I would
do this for a little bit different for
once what's the word what's the word
what's the word narrates that's the word
see looks like I did learn something
from school today I'm gonna narrate this
vlog for you starting from the moment we
woke up actually no I'm not because the
morning started by us getting kicked out
of our air B&B because we trashed the
place because there was a pie last night
so yeah that was how the morning started
but however the first clip I shall
recorded for the Vagos when we went out
to get breakfast which happened to be a
12 p.m. so it wasn't even breakfast
however just before I show you that guys
if you're new to the channel and you
haven't seen my face on your screen
before oh wow just I just breathed boob
I just Bru proved all over the lens
every new to the channel you haven't
seen my 12 year old face on my pond tyre
on your screen before my name is mold
you guys a team mugs and if you haven't
already subscribed what's the flip are
you doing go down there subscribe right
now and I'll give you a free kiss there
we go thanks for subscribing I probably
does make most of you click off but oh
well and yeah one more thing guys go
down there to the conversation right now
and comment why you think me and Kara
went for breakfast that's gonna be the
next clip so I don't want to see any you
guys cheer and if you chew ain't gonna
be happy I'll give you five seconds okay
bang did you do it
90% of you probably just kept watching
and you're gonna comment it in a in a
few minutes but hey whatever guys let's
start the day with when me and Cara went
for breakfast I'm not gonna do the hand
thing just play the clip boys and girls
is currently at 12 p.m. or is it 12 AM
PM RM p.m. okay guys it's 12 whatever
that means
we've just came and gone oh my gosh oh
look at these cinematics they're very
true indeed well yeah look at this I've
got bold
she's got bold I've got what sighs we're
gonna go eat this food and then we're
gonna continue of the day yeet
I just went back and watched all the
clips from the vlog because the only
part of all I remember was going to
Wagga mamas and I call myself a good
youtuber however after game breakfast
lunch dinner slash brunch slash lunch
slash whatever the flip your corner we
went to see it and Callaghan I'd already
seen it once but I just wanted to go to
see how scared she would get and it was
definitely worth it was actually really
good where all the freaking clips we use
night vision technology to detect
illegal recording I don't think they
detected anything right now do we finish
watching it we decided to go to Harrods
which if you don't know is a real
expensive shop in London which me know
were probably too immature to go in
because um you'll see why from the clips
it was really just an excuse for us to
go and cause ruckus and about 15 people
in tow all told us to not record but she
didn't record I kept going because you
know the vlog life has to come first but
yeah let's just say Howard's does
actually like me roll the clips okay
boys and girls were in a taxi right now
we just finished watching the film what
did you think about it get it or did you
think about it
yeah this one wasn't that funny and it's
not scary
I don't like she was like that you
thought you were very very terrified it
was just a clown comes of fun and
exciting okay guys we just pulled up but
hired looking going and have a look I'm
gonna swing from the chandelier from the
chandelier I'm gonna swing from the
chandelier from the chandelier
I just wanted to my pain there hey Cara
do you want a spoon or would you rather
fork no just you know you're hungry okay
you could always you could always my oh
okay it's not going in
safety first boys and girls always wear
a helmet under seatbelt
I made this just for you thank you it's
not very good
well how I'm grateful odds-on odds on
out of three odds on power 3 3 2 1 2 1
count 3 2 1 2
you can't three like that
stir her she's done it to me bad she did
ride the horse
hey yeah koala guys like girls my guy
right there okay so this bed is $10,000
is it better no no fool that's good to
premiere in okay skirt I will say that I
think award would actually let me try
which I gotta see so you know it's great
that's a great nice lanky room to
stretch
okay this bed is 32,000 if it is it made
of like dog intestines or something try
out give us the full always saying what
was saying is it good what did you write
out a 7 mm to take it allowed to decide
look I don't know if you were to lay on
it not knowing that it was worth 36,000
you wouldn't think this mattresses were
36,000 well I mean I didn't I spent like
a full review of it but like
yeah what's your name Neil no actually
love that Mary Hart yes they're going to
bring in bro yes good to see you man I
have to see you now see everyone says
you know youtubers aren't friendly
everyone says youtubers out friend that
we offer in the art way yeah we're not
friendly real horrible guys are all real
terrible people Cara can you be this
star to my books no ok I'm all across
the guy anyway
and after finishing in Harrods what did
we do
you can tell the professional vlogger
after finishing in hours we went 200
that was it I actually remember she had
to get the train home but I delayed her
in Harrods so that she'd miss her train
so that we could go to five guys because
cue goals relationship stuff I'm I don't
know I'm talking about so yeah we went
to five guys I'm shadow chips just like
we share the chips in Nando's yesterday
because the chips are nice three two one
roll the clip
I don't know I'm singing so much roll
the freaking clip Keira you're going to
try and guess the exact drink this is
zeros and that do count so if you go
normal it's zero or zero if it's normal
diet
it's got it all counts alright if you
get it I'll give you a pound
whoa whoa
Oh sprite zero great Oh pasty gray see
oh how did you get Coke Zero from sprite
zero great I think we only got one clip
in five guys so that it was kind of
pointless but after that she went home
and that's when the floor got really
really dead because I'm not very
exciting but anyway roll the clip so
guys the time has unfortunately come
kara has to go cuz she's at school
tomorrow and you know that means one
thing that means that it's about time
everyone clicks off the video we smell
really cares about me that is care about
her so yeah guys if you're still
watching thank you very much but I think
base Gavin's already gone so yeah this
is all a bit pointless now let me tell
you the story of what happened after she
went home but didn't get much about vlog
because that was absolutely fuming so
I'm just going to tell you most of team
morgg's moment right here so I obviously
went with her to her train station after
she went home
no wait before she went home because I
went to let her go home yeah we're cool
but wickel and it just happened that
after she got on the train my phone was
on like 5% my laptop was on about 10%
and I had lost or left my air pods the
party the day before I still don't know
why I'm telling you this right now do
you know well let me just show you roll
the clip
she just went into Argos and bought my
third pair of Apple earpods because I
lost my second pair today and the first
pair like a few months ago I've spent
five hundred pound over five hundred
pound all these stupid things they're
pretty good though if you didn't catch
one saying guys now my fear that's poor
bird whoa YouTube please don't do
monetize me I promise it's an accident
that is now my third pair of Apple
earpods that I have owned let me tell
you the story of me and air pods because
we don't go together well me and apples
go together like Mean Girls kids half a
year ago because you know mine gets all
the girls right now so yeah I started
off with my first pair of ear pods which
I bought before they were like AUH AUH
so I bought them for about 200 pounds I
do like airports to be fair they're just
so freakin useful but they're just so
unuseful at the same time because I keep
losing them and why don't they have
trackers in them yeah so the first part
I had for about a month and a half I
lost them when I went on holiday with my
dad I believe and then as soon as I got
back I'm about two wide and I was like a
karma doing this this is two peasanty
okay I wasn't actually thinking like
that I'm very sorry I just I don't like
wires who who likes wires so I bought my
second pair and they actually kept going
for about two months a lot longer than
the first ones
and then at the party yesterday your boy
left them because the Airbnb people came
in at 9:00 a.m. and I was about five of
them stood in the room and I really
couldn't be bothered to look for them
and I didn't know I left without them
don't get me wrong but like I left them
yeah yeah yeah and that's why I bought
my third pair a day after I stood on the
same day because I left that day I just
saw the vlog no you didn't see because
it yeah I bought five airports taking my
total mentality to about 550 pounds or
something like that oh yeah I'm such an
idiot once they go bankrupt that's why
but yeah what was the same before that
so my feeling laptop were both on 10% so
I went and found a place to eat which
had a plug socket under the table which
is by the way if you ever go to a
restaurant and report rustling the table
like just appreciate it because it's
such a lifesaver I was there unplugged
in my phone and my my
my laptop then I saw if any of my
friends around in London realize have
absolutely no friends and the ones I do
have were just ignoring my texts and
then decided I'm just gonna get in a
taxi and go back to the train station no
I didn't actually check the train times
before I got in the taxi I checked them
in the taxi because I just assumed
there'd be trains trains that was a big
mistake because what happened is it was
Sunday and Sunday trains are really
annoying so I joined the taxi check the
trains realize that I was about to miss
the one I needed by about 10 minutes
which is I blame the place I was eating
at because they took a while for my food
and the next train after that was in two
hours too flippin hours and the train
was an hour longer than usual three
hours rather than two so five in our
five hour in total and about two waited
to go home
so I rank up a few more of my friends
realized that they were all busy too one
of them was out like on a date or
something like oh come on man like who
needs girls actually this video is with
a girl so I don't make much sense I we
never needs girls like if unless you're
a girl you don't really need girls you
kind of do but yeah so a sign of star
books for a while charge my phone
because they died again while I was
looking for people to help me and then
wait for ages until my train came yes I
actually waited two hours for a free
hour train then I got on the train and
actually have a clip for this for one so
roll the clip
that's 359
that wouldn't be that chain by the way
was the worst train ever I was tired I
fell asleep for about five minutes of it
which is way less than I should have and
yeah then I got home and saw mom and I
just want to say for the next part of
this vlog I don't I'm not always this
mean to my mom I just do it for the vlog
joke and I'm always putting mean to her
but mom I'm sorry if you're watching
this guys to make up what you're about
to hear I'll leave mom's link in the
description go subscribe to her roll the
clip
hey mom have you missed me yeah that
sounds play well you weren't sure yeah
yeah I just been reading about the
things you've lost and forgotten and Oh
God
good boy good boy yeah good that's good
I've been a good girl oh yeah yeah I've
been running well into the Donalds no
just a gym gym going to the gym to get
at the vending machine no baby just
being got my legs a lot better now suck
and start 30 minutes today further just
no no no went out last night oh that's
not bad guys stakeouts oh gosh yeah have
a big meal big me I have small
portion small portions small portions
for a mother looking after your dog look
afterwards I'll try we said Oh ain't
name yeah cook out the carbs shaft and
fold in the sling obviously because
you're like in a food and you're very
tired
gonna be exercising are exercising your
stomach yeah that is how he roasts
your mom
Rudo box bro oh why school go bad
behaviour Bruno hello Pogo how are you
oh you missed me of you bitch people go
guys would reunited again always poor
the poor girl you can't be doing that
he's like no cameras today I'm favored
so you don't want any covers in his face
today little pull go find me inspired me
is boys by oh okay look at me and yeah
I'm pretty sure that was the last clip
of the vlogs I got because I went in and
went to sleep
I was literally it it's like for about
12 hours oh so that was good and here we
are now
this is probably what I'm aware do vlogs
yeah I don't know what it was just a big
jumble of me annoying people as I say
paying people off but you know I kind of
do like money and I don't want to get
like no money from this video and stuff
but yeah guys if you enjoyed the video
remember to go down and hit that
subscribe button also leave like on the
video and comment down below if your ma
videos with Kara and if you think I've
got bad air because I do and apparently
people like it for some reason I don't
know I'm asking a comment on it because
I really don't care
guys if he new to the channel remember
to go down there and smash that
subscribe button I've got silly I'm
going to find you to do the vines but
smash I can do them I can do the voice
because I just I abused my voice so much
that I get used to shouting I'm actually
gonna do this entire outro with my eyes
closed because I'm really like tired
also I don't know remember to go leave a
like on the video again I can't be
bothered to do the hand gesture but the
light bond looks like a sponge I'm sure
you'll be able to find it and also why
don't I remember to go leave a fat
comment on the video go tell me what you
thought Tommy very good telling for a
bad tell me just thought that yeah
whatever
and guys thank y'all so much for
watching go follow my Twitter and stops
by my merch because it's really good
kara wore it in the other videos so
girls good bite too it's comfy it's
fresh it's dope just like me guys
remember it goes much like subscribe and
I'll see you in the next
as always I've been morgues you guys
been awesome and I'm doing us Genesis
again and I'll see you in my next video
please out what the flip was the outro
if you enjoyed the video then remember
to subscribe to mugsy's channel don't
forget to be the nice big penis
