ok ladies and gents so this is the room
right here my friends haven't arrived
here yet so I'm gonna take a look now
and then as soon as they arrive I'm
gonna film their reactions but guys room
40 no free top floor penthouse suite
let's do this oh my god you know when I
decided it would be a good idea to you
know make mama channel and you know
promote mom's channel I didn't really
think it all through I just woke up went
downstairs looked in the mirror and this
is why so look at this dude how can you
justify this absolutely disgusting eyes
the videos up on my channel guys go
watch it and it's the wipes yep it was
definitely a bad idea so I've actually
got a busy day planned today I'm getting
my hair cut and then I'm going to London
and I'm supposed to be doing that in
like a few hours and I look like this I
haven't got ready I'm clearly not ready
I clearly don't look ready do i well
yeah this is how I started my day I'm
mad ok just like that I've just got
ready got that makeup off my face and
I'm in the merge so I'm feeling good
link in the description below go get
yourself some merch but yeah as I said
I'm really rushed today because now I'm
off to cut my hair I'm in London all
weekend so I go be looking good I gotta
be looking fresh if you if you know what
I'm saying so that's what I'm doing
right now but if you new here
my name is mold you guys a team Morgan
if you want to join team mugs go down
there and smash that subscribe button
we're family were growing so fast and I
have just spotted my little pug
he just got cluttered by Bruno hello
little guy should they subscribe I think
they should should they subside think
you should subscribe if he kisses me
then you should subscribe
oh he kissed me that means you got to
subscribe but yeah I guess I'm on the
move again right now because I'm off to
go cut my hair so furry
to one ok guys in the car right now just
about to set off to go get my hair cut
honestly pretty excited for it
then tell them what about about about
the news what you're doing Oh am I
supposed to be surprised oh well you
didn't tell me love eh I'm sorry okay
I've got enough tell them tell them guys
the news ISM I'm gonna be going
basically bald thing is of like I you
know like hey I just thought it's like I
don't really even like having hair I
just think it's overrated
it's annoying it's a pain in the ass and
I'm gonna be going bald guys as soon as
just as soon as I get back guys as soon
as my hand touches that lens and goes
like that I'll be bald get ready for the
new bald marks okay guys I've just got
back from getting my hair cut and I went
through with it and um it was a bad
decision guys guys I really regret it
now I can't believe I did it I don't
want to show you I'm too embarrassed guy
is free to one I grew this stupid hair
but like a year you thought I was gonna
get it cut up hell no baby right now
imma go get a shower real quick and then
imma get ready for London I mean some
friends down there we've got a cool
hotel booked for shops it's gonna be a
lip-lock guys just me well yeah I need
to go get a shower because I've still
got a little bit of hair and the itching
me and they're really annoying so let's
do this okay guys I've just finished
getting ready in the kitchen right now
I'm going off to London in about 30
minutes it's gonna be so much fun
seriously get excited for that part of
walks it's gonna be amazing but before
that I need to clear up a rumor and a
question that you guys have been
non-stop asking me for the past month
and guys the room I have to clear off is
what happened to the iPhone giveaway now
I have been working behind the scenes I
obviously Wiles on holiday I couldn't do
it to wait until I was back in the UK
and since I've been back I've been
looking for winners I kept messing
people and I had to give him time to
respond and the guy message took like a
week to respond and we're going off to
ship it to him today
mum was gonna stop at the post office
mom's gonna ship it to him and guys I've
announced the winners name and all that
on Twitter so you can see this you but
obviously you'll know if it's you
because I've DM the guy
everything but yeah right now I mean
when we're gonna package up this iPhone
get it sent off to the winner there'll
be a new giveaway on the channel soon
it'll probably be something Apple
related look at that that is some
top-notch wrapping right there off to
the winner guys the iPhone giveaway
finish there'll be a new one coming soon
so right now we're gonna head off to the
train station
mom's gonna post it then I'm off to
London this next part of the vlog is
gonna be awesome
leave a like you're excited subscribe if
you're new it's time you go on the
timeout zone the North Sea sink you need
to stay in there while you learn to
behave young man anyway right now we're
going to the train station in five three
two and one are in the car on the way to
the train station now I literally have
no clue why I bought this stupid bandana
but I guess you know why the hell not
guys it looks nice Morgan I like it
makes you look like you're rich
just make sure that light you reach
you've got nice clothes
boy it was 2 pounds guys I'm on the way
to London I'll see you in London in 5 4
3 2 1
guys the trains here in one minute it's
probably already here
oh god it's here run wait oh my god oh
my god
are we good we're good
that was way too close so I'm just on
the train right now and you guys know
that when I go to London I gotta be I
gotta be having the best hotels there is
I gotta be staying in the best places
and you know I've got to be treating my
friends to it to some nice you know nice
nice hotels boys and girls only got a
gatos the flippin penthouse very
exciting not gonna lie I'm gonna be
arriving in
20 minutes guys God's the penthouse it's
going to be good ladies and gents top
floor 14 for penthouse let's do this
okay wait how does this actually work
how does this work how does this work
okay ladies and gents so this is the
room right here my friends haven't
arrived here yet so I'm gonna take a
look now and then as soon as they arrive
I'm gonna film their reactions but guys
room 40 no free top floor penthouse
suite let's do this oh my god
my friends better bully love me after
this Jesus okay so this is the main room
table
minibar area we've got we've got the
third bed which is obviously supposed to
be a sofa we've got a table space a
chess room which I don't know what's in
there there could be a dead person oh
damn we got a nice TV a nice another
wooden deck and then out here oh damn
we've got oh don't do it oh don't do it
don't do it oh my god yo oh what a
bloody oh my god the height though the
flippin height though is more there's
more there's more of course there's more
that's not that's not everything this is
the main room obviously with a mad
balcony we've come through here that
we'll have a look at item in it this is
the master bedroom which I am freakin
staying in you better believe I pay for
this I treated them I'm staying in this
and then here we've got that sexy name
on that oh wow I've never just I've
never actually noticed how nice my name
looks moving on here we've got a
gigantic must bleed through wardrobe
with an iron and then wait no no we
haven't got more balcony
don't wait they don't wait you may have
won this
moving on air ladies and gentlemen to
the last room of the penthouse let's
give this and open oh jeez okay that was
aggressive only jeepers on toast look at
this we got a bath
we gotta sing we got a toilet we got a
shower
we got an attractive young man oh we've
got a weekly plan I'm taking this I'm
taking this away yo this is now my
weekly plan and no one else is having
this okay it's like a sword it's like a
sword come at me bro you just felt the
power of my Wiggly stick oh god that was
bad choice of words
oh yeah ladies and gentlemen that is the
room I'm excited to see what my friends
have to say about this because I paid
for it
so they better freaking appreciate it
but wait the best part of this entire
hotel oh one more thing guys I didn't
actually mention I've got two friends
coming over here one of them's a girl
one of them's a guy all better and a
double bed there so I mean how is this
how is this gonna go down like I'd never
actually thought about this like we'll
have to wait and see I guess
boy yeah this is the hotel room I'm
gonna wait see when my friends come
round and then get their reaction let's
do it guys okay guys so slight change of
plan a Dylan Cassie Sullivan arrived yet
but jack has arrived with my new merger
guys ladies and gentlemen right now out
now there is new merch I'm so hyped oh
my god guys I actually can't wait show
you now it's been ages since we bring
out some new merch and guys ladies and
gentlemen it's time oh I actually think
this design is like fresh as flipped
guys we've got this in white hoodies
black hoodies as you saw on my mannequin
over there and then we've also got
t-shirts these are all for me so I'm
buzzing we've got the black mgz t-shirt
the Y mgz t-shirt we've got the ym g 0d
i've got the black and gzc he likes it
he likes it he likes it but yeah guys
these are
right now there'll be a link in the
description where you can go and clap
yourself one of these if you get one
tweet me on Twitter the confirmation and
I will follow all of you back at the EM
yeah I'll just I'll be I'll retweet your
tweets I'll light your tweets I'll do
everything guys but yeah these are
really cool like literally I'm not gonna
lie I may be chatting a bit of poo here
but I've tried on a lot of different
youtuber mergers and none of them
actually feel those good qualities I was
like I know you're probably thinking oh
he's just saying that by sweat they're
actually really good quality they're
really comfy and yeah guys they're out
right now so go copy self one link in
the description get yourself some new
merch they're selling really quick guys
so go get yourself some right now go do
it go do it
link in the description okay so Dylan
coaster outside me and Jack are in here
I was gonna leave them okay they're
actually not there they're actually not
there oh god what do we do do dis
you're just chill just get on with my
day yeah ja you get that but mate I'll
get this one
they can just find someone else to say
thank gone wrong okay do you actually
want to see the room now I've had my fun
we've had off on Joe I kid you like it
broke it I told you give out of 17 ah
powder a bit a bit messy today the other
clouds are really letting us down you
know that I would have you know the
scenic it would have been a lot best
evocative Sun 16 okay
good right in what would you give out a
for whoa giametta for before oh yeah
that's pretty good
you know what
when I hear good-quality music you've
got to give a tip don't forget to
subscribe to my youtube channel I'm not
funny also forget to Like and subscribe
still not funny guys still tries to
so Kirsty so we have been walking around
for the last 20 minutes we've been
walking for the last 20 minutes trying
to find a vegan restaurant there's
nothing that I want more than to just
talk into a big fat steak right now into
a steak right now and yeah weird I have
a pretty clue where we're going she's
got the vegan menu odds on all of us
getting something vegan or flipping four
of us
where should we actually do you actually
find you actually good start are you up
for it
no no are you sure wait watch Lee is
there then okay I'm actually gonna check
vegan only gluten classic margarita
sounds bloody awful I'm not gonna lie
I'm sorry but just so me Jack and Adele
are about to play card roulette for some
reason Kirstie isn't even though she's
like the only one who I'd wanted to come
here but she hasn't got a card so you
know we're gonna have to lay off for
this one my current record for card
roulette I've played it three times
every single time I've lost and today
I've got a 33% chance
so I'm actually feeling confident for
once wish me luck guys comment down
below right now who you think is gonna
be paying me jack
Oradell oK we've decided today we're
gonna play a different game
I got Jack and Adele to give me that
cards under the table I've got them here
and I'm gonna give them to Kirsty and
let her pick who pays obviously she's
gonna have to pick one of them without
looking at the name and Kirsty come on
come on cool
yes for the let's all take a minute
we've all been finessed here by Kirsty
like she blunders here
she hasn't paid Jackson been finesse by
Kirsty how'd you feel Jackie vegan life
rice oh we just finished watching it
what did you give our for I'd give her
two hour for no I don't know that was a
little bit harsh I give her free are
four okay guys so it's the next day
right now are we literally just crashed
in bed completely just didn't even out
show the video well that got me thinking
I don't actually have a title for this
video I don't know what the hell I'm
gonna call it so Kirsty hey I mean I
don't have a title for my video so I
wonder if maybe maybe you've got any
ideas I've just thought of something
Kirsty trying to be my girlfriend yeah
really oh my god there we go wait
breaker it's not working out oh god damn
oh these are so got my title there we go
hey remember to subscribe and mug this
channel and don't forget to leave a like
thanks for watching peace out
