guys we're doing the prank right now
cookies upstairs I'm gonna tell mom that
we've lost him and we don't know Harriet
mom no mom this in a joke mom
where's plug in where's the dog
seriously come on
so I wake up I look down and this is
what I see oh my god how is this like a
named fog I think it's time to get Oh No
okay maybe maybe not
you guys been asking me who edits mom's
videos and I don't know how many times I
have to tell you it's been him all wrong
but you can see him in the act right
yeah there you go
the truth is revealed come on Nate yep
that's no that's no you edit yes okay
okay looks like mom's gonna need to find
a new editor because he ain't a very
good he's cute though so I just came
down to the kitchen to start the vlog I
go to grab the puppy and this is what I
see why doesn't this dog sleep like a
normal dog that's weird knows that
that's the old bad and that two cushions
why you in the middle of it bro hello
guys and welcome back to another video
wait wait wait bro whoa bro why the hell
are you doing my intro for me this is my
channel you know you may be cute you may
be funny and you may be a pretty
attractive pug but still you can't be
enjoying my videos for me bro this is
the second day and he's already taken
over my channel hey buddy let me show
you how to do it with some energy guys
welcome back to another video
tea mugs how are you all doing I'm doing
great
this is the second day with the unnamed
puppy and you know he's he's already
becoming a bit of a legend
Liu little I give it like a week and
gonna be more entertaining than me like
I think he probably already is but if
you knew it I just want to start by
saying hey this right here is my
brand-new poufy this is his second night
with me and he's selling it so well i'ma
tell you loads about him in this video
like I ain't gonna lie this video is
just going to be basically dedicated to
the poor like it's just gonna be him but
yeah if you're new here and you've never
seen my face on your screen before my
name is Morgan you're currently watching
their daily vlogs which are on your
screen every single day at 6 p.m. and
have you know already subscribed what
the hell are you doing go down there and
smash that subscribe button buh buh buh
hold on hold on guys there's a most
serious issue at hand at the moment then
then you subscribing now the main issue
is guys we don't actually have a name
for the new Pope yeah I've just been
calling him unnamed pork and we don't
actually have a name yet I asked you
guys in the last video and I've been
looking at some of the names that you
said and you've been leaving some good
ones but I'm just not sure yet what
should we call him we could call him a
toe biter because that's all he seems to
be doing at the moment so yeah what want
you guys to do right now is go down to
the comments section and comment a name
I'll wait for you well I'm a literally
wavier I may give you ten seconds to
think of a name and then comment a name
starting now
one time okay guys have you commented a
name burner mind it's got to be it's got
to be a cosmic name it's got to have
loads of charisma it's got to be fun
it's got to be a good good name because
this guy he's gonna be that he's gonna
is the future he needs a good name so
why want you guys to do is go down that
and click send on your comment stick it
down there and also you could maybe hit
that subscribe on and leave a like if
you haven't already I mean you've
already commented so you may as well
just subscribe and like what do you
think bunny should they subscribe and
like I think that's a yes you know he's
like to thank you ah guys I finally
found a friend oh yeah I've just
realised I should probably make the most
of this time because mum is currently
out right now which means I can be as
loud as I want and say whatever I want
in this vlog there's gonna be a prank on
mum and it's gonna involve the main dog
over here I'm gonna tell mom that I lost
him and I'm gonna hide him and I'm gonna
freak her out and we're gonna go and uh
hopefully a hunt for him on I'm just
gonna hide him somewhere guys that prank
is gonna be in this block it's gonna be
so frickin lit I can't wait I'm laying
on the floor I'm laying on the floor I'm
so excited that's like my another fall
whoo okay I need to calm down a minute
but yeah this vlog is gonna be so
frickin like I do not know why I'm still
setting before it's kind of comfy but
yeah I'm so ready for this vlog so is
the unnamed Pope it's gonna be a really
good one look look the ball huh oh my
god he can already play is he gonna
bring it back no he's not that's the
Peapod pull you're not supposed to lay
on a pea pod that's what your bed is for
come on you supposed to be on there no
way on it
I'm open me and me and the guy trying to
sleep and you're interrupting us oh you
poor girl
is it beautiful boy they always been a
good boy I'll help you beam outside
where we we can't talk mom you stupid
idiot you mean outside for a week no
oven and that's the little pub being out
for a week
no Elson so neither of you have know
what perhaps you need to consort that
okay guys it's little doggies dinnertime
are you ready little doggy where is this
dinner it's dinner it's there dinner is
served little doggy and then yeah we got
big doggy even though he's still not
really that ta good boy he's pretty big
Bruno's dinner and he is not happy he I
tell you they say a happy bug right here
Bruno's swooped in ate some of it and
now he's ran off so I'm out gonna throw
him out live okay let me quickly when
you guys through the plan for today now
right now moment just go back from the
gym she's actually doing some exercise
this is a huge metalman fairplay mum you
may go from Tenten tonight on so yeah
she's gonna go grab a shower and then me
and her are going out to Starbucks
because I want a drink and if you wonder
why the little dog is guys I need a name
he needs a name he's crying out for a
name he you don't want to kiss you you
don't want to kiss you but Morgan's
still waiting for his first kiss even a
puppet I won't kissing okay so before we
go out I'm feeling a little bit hungry
so I'm gonna go grab a new it all so I
think this calls for an epic
super noodle slow motion
okay guys we need to be quiet now
because serious mode is on do you
remember when I was with mom and I said
I wanted to go out to Starbucks to get a
drink I do really want a drink but that
was just a distraction because ladies
and gents what I'm gonna do is go out
get a drink and then come back and as
soon as I come back I'm gonna rush
upstairs get little puggy hide him and
that's when we're gonna initiate the
prank but I mean amazing we'll go and
enjoy a drink so free two one let's go
bye little fella have a good sleep
Oh Misha Misha oh yeah bye Bruno make
sure they'll make a mess yo so we just
went in and got a Starbucks run I asked
for a large strawberries and cream
Frappuccino on a large peach green tea
lemonade I got a small but small
strawberries and greens I was like okay
I'll I'm off while I'm off maybe that's
gonna get one of them wrong I got a
small peach green tea as well look at me
do you think of a small guy I'm six foot
two I don't want small drinks our large
drinks and pissed I'm mad guys they just
they must have saw me and just think
maybe this guy's on a die or something
but I don't know Dyer anyone smalls God
right I am the holding bike a lot of
anger right now so I said to Mum go in
there and get me some tacos with no
cheese and no sour cream we come out
they've all got cheese and then he said
sour cream nuff said I don't if he lies
you're just lying I'm not lying you drag
it back in me aren't ya give me that if
you think I bought you these I'm taking
them back mochas he's not my fault if
everybody can't see wrong
stupid okay so we've just arrived home
and we're gonna go in okay I'm gonna
hide on the toilet now we've lost him
yeah where's the dog where's the dog
where's the dog in the kitchen no it was
closed the door was open come on shake
why don't tell the studio the studio
bug bug whenever we see we can hear him
go back to the kitchen is obviously in
the kitchen it's got slippery ice mom
please tell me about the washing machine
the washing machine mom please what do
we do
mom what the hell do we do croissants
pinch dip a notion to left oh my gosh
you left the windows open which smells
got a ladder you climbed up and take now
with the door closed when you came in
hmm this door was open
mmm myself in somebody's oh I was opened
I closed it did you open it me trapped
in Seoul you play men you pay men no you
put men you came in the house fern Oh
mum I would never just go up and take
him from the kitchen employment out
while you on the toilet and then pretend
like he was stolen
how could how could you have done that
to him put him in that and locked him in
and look how scared he is it's terrified
now are you just chilling come on
did you actually really get scared then
prepare as I knew it I just kind of
couldn't understand it and then I
thought I thought to think could
somebody have got into the house I mean
it was a possibility but the end of the
day Bruno saw me go in okay so the
little dogs just and his first ever bath
and I thought why not share the
experience with you guys in slow motion
baby furry 2 1 let's do this
I know that looks bloody petrified
throughout that boy I mean you know
hopefully enjoyed it I'm warming him up
with affection wolf doesn't belong
though so I'm not loving him in those
guys know how I usually tell you you
know all about how I'm a youtuber my
sleeping pants always so weird and I'm
never sleeping at normal times right now
it's 9 p.m. and I am absolutely flipping
shattered I literally could sleep right
now boy I haven't actually had much food
today I haven't even had dinner those
tacos obviously were supposed to be my
dinner but there were just bloody foul
so I didn't have them so your boy has
just ordered the third Domino in the
past three days
I said Domino didn't I meant Domino's
but yeah guys I'm having way too much of
this in a moment the diet is well and
truly gone out of the window rocket
leaves I don't think I ordered these
yeah so yeah guys right here we have a
it's like a cinnamon stick thingy and
then here we have my pizza if you want
to see it
oh man that looks pretty bloody weird
but yeah guys this is why I'm gonna end
the video today has been such a weird
day literally it's just been a complete
entire day of just looking after and
doing some fun stuff with the little dog
what I want you guys to do obviously as
well as comments and a name for me in
the conversation tell me what videos
you'd like to see me do with him and
what challenges maybe you want to see me
do of him just what you want me to do
with my dog and if you're new here and
you haven't already subscribed what the
hell are you doing go down there and
smash that subscribe button to join the
family we're growing strong we're going
fast and you should definitely subscribe
to join the team but guys thank you so
much for watching and as always I've
been more you guys been awesome and I'll
see you in tomorrow's video at 6 p.m.
peace out if you enjoyed the video then
remember to subscribe to mugsy's channel
and don't forget to leave a like if you
have a big penis thanks for watching
