so you guys sometimes complain that my
intros are a little bit boring right now
look at this okay okay let me explain so
me and mom just got back from shooting a
video on her channel where she surprised
me with this little puppy right here
have you ever seen a cuter puppy in your
entire life
so mom told me gain the car we're gonna
take it somewhere random I was skeptical
obviously and she ended up taking me to
a house full of pug puppies and
surprising me with a new pet to kind of
resolve the beat I literally I'm in
shock right now but guys go over to her
channel after you've watched this video
to go see my surprise live reaction to
this little guy right here because
honestly it was a crazy video I could
not believe it there'll be a link in the
description to that but guys me man you
put me high I genuinely I am in complete
shock right now I can't believe this is
actually happening and I am actually
stuck I'm in shock I'm in literal shock
so this right here is our brand new
friend he's an 8 week old pug puppy as
you can tell this right here is the
newest addition to the malls channel
he's a friend for Bruno he's assumed to
be famous dog is gonna take over the
freaking world and in this video we're
gonna be taking him home for the first
time and see what it does because like
real we're never clear what he's gonna
do is you're gonna pee everywhere
is he gonna poo on me is he gonna pee
well we're gonna have to find out but
guys if you're new to my channel hello
welcome my name is mold that's moulds
mom I said in third person that right
there is a brand new dog he was so
freaking cute
and if you haven't already subscribed oh
he's your him because he's waiting for
you to subscribe but guys if you anyway
go down there and smash that subscribe
button we do crazy stuff like buy dogs
and go random places and just crazy
stuff all the time on this channel so
remember to go down there
smash the SUBSCRIBE one we're gonna get
on the way home right now this video is
genuinely gonna be like one of my
favorite videos of all time I already
know it this is the first puppy that's
ever been on the channel I cannot wait
for Bruno to meet this guy I can't wait
for Bruno Chavez own little friend it's
tired in his heart it's warm guys
subscribe right now leave a like on the
video comment down below what you think
we should call our brand-new little pup
because we don't know yet we need your
help
we need your names we need your creative
ideas tell us what you think we should
name him but guys right now we're on the
way home are you ready mom I am honey
put me over we put him on the floor for
different times that's free for
different times in every single time
he's gone back to the same place do you
wanna know what the place is it's not
there you keep moving from there it just
keeps going back into the hole watch
watch I just want cameras see let's see
what he does let's see what he does see
what he does you know I think he's full
just gonna look me off I think it's
gonna move me up hey mugs
I'm exposure I told you okay so we've
just pulled in at two Morrison's because
I need to go to the toilet oh I've
actually never seen a puppy be so like
chilled and calm from whether we just go
in this guy just doesn't care he's
already a legend look at you this guy's
gonna take over the internet you are the
future you are the future of dogs guys
I've got no idea whether this is filming
us or not
everybody thought I was like the worst
horriblest nastiest mom in the world who
took things too far do you think I'm
taking things too far now Morgan is so
happy and this little puppy's gonna have
a really nice time with us it's gonna be
brilliant so keep watching Morgan's gone
for a week cuz even though this little
puppet can hold it
Morgan Khan okay so me and the pug have
just rolled up two pets at home this is
the first time seeing civilization this
is his first time see that humans that
weren't me so yeah basically we're about
to go into fez home game a bunch of
stuff we're gonna treat him if I see
someone that looks cool he's having it
he's gonna be one of them dogs
he gets pampered he's gonna be one of
them dogs that get spoiled he's gonna
get anything he ones he's gonna be like
a spoiled child you know oh how cute I
am NOT you Mormon little pug you're on
the move oh how cute yeah if no one
picks out these only how cute is in the
pet shop I'm gonna be very surprised oh
my god mom yeah let's get a fish to eat
fish so we're thinking of going in this
bed right here and I mean we should we
may silane try it like think you likes
it yeah so wait wait wait wait mom which
which toy do you think we should game
you know since he is you know a YouTube
dog since he is a legend in milk comment
I think we get absolutely all of them
I'm letting freaking pick which one he
likes the teddy even though it's bigger
than him sausages on row yeah it's
getting there where can we get him a
donor board reckon we get him a burger I
mean it's obviously gotta be one of the
other no no well I think burger so looks
like we're getting both of them but wait
wait wait mom yeah we didn't know it's
the chicken wing Kim the chicken wing
oh my gosh y'all if there's one thing I
loved it's a banana split
Bruno likes those he has Pete Oh Bruno
likes those well looks like our new
toxin I come to because we get anymore
mom wait wait wait you know me mom you
know I love football I think the new dog
is gonna love football as well you think
that's enough yeah definitely
okay so me and young puggy have just
arrived home he's looking right into the
camera
ohyeah good you you know what you doing
do a little fella I've arrived home
right now and basically this is gonna be
his first time going into the house oh
you going to explore you going to
explore no you're just gonna start this
is a camera you're gonna be in front of
it a lot little pool game we're heading
him right now we're gonna take him into
the garden first because I think he
needs a wee well I tell you what this is
the first dog we've had which we brung
home and he hasn't weed in the car it's
usually terrible but he's been so well
behaved we're taking him now into the
garden so we can do his business and
then we're gonna take him into the house
so I can meet Bruno it's gonna be so
much fun guys drop a like right now if
you're excited for him to meet Bruno and
also if you haven't already remember to
hit that subscribe button to join team
orgs the family we've grown so strong
and this right here is the newest member
to the family little boogie we're gonna
die let's do it come on
no oh oh he's off mommy's off already
oh he's exploring he's an explorer yeah
look at him go mom look at the size of
it he's literally the size of me easy
guys check this out this is the new
legal messy oh okay
you may be more of a basketball push oh
wow you are a cute one art now oh I know
I know a little book I think I think
he's enjoying explore nothing oh you
like I like bounces around when he runs
lacy picking fetch fetch the stone okay
he's gone for a different stone oh wait
mommy's I think I've stolen Oh get in my
time is made a noise okay so we're about
to take unnamed pug inside for the first
time ever
let's see how he reacts whoo
okay behind this door holds Bruno the
four-year-old dog here is our new baby
his new brother who's gonna meet now for
the first time ever guys baby let's do
this free energy so mine's just go home
and obviously mine knew we were gonna
probably hasn't seen him yet you don't
know anything about him right so mine's
just going
she pulled this is a bald head bald head
me unnamed pug I knew that will come it
pulled on bald head pulled on bald head
pulled on both hands wait okay wait can
we all just way way way way way way way
way everybody just wait everybody calm
down okay guys there's one thing that's
been needing to happen that hasn't
happened yet and then Martin getting
hair yeah I mean not in that would bring
to the criteria but it wasn't what I was
thinking of guys we're all the slow-mo
dogs cinematics
guys an hour ago I bring his basket to
my room and for the last hour
he just been saying my room asleep on my
bed oh my god I saw I'm bonding already
guys I'm bonding already but now as you
can tell he's dark outside mom's just
taking the washing in and we thought why
don't we let him I have a lot of
everyone and oh my gosh he's so he's so
cute and fragile but yeah I just ordered
Domino's I mean I don't really know why
I'm saying this but like at the same
time I'm very excited however I didn't
order a pizza I ordered chicken which is
kind of weird but hey oh okay I don't
know what to be more excited about the
fact that we've just got a brand new
puppy down there oh the fact that
Domino's has just arrived boys ain't
girls take a look at what we've got no
pizzas which is gonna cause a lot of
controversy but I fancy a pizza instead
what I got was a good old chicken and
potato wedges dish and then as well as
that me and my both thought we'd splash
with the desserts we've got a cinnamon
thingy and some cookies boys and girls
I'm gonna demolish this obviously that's
just the starter the main cause is the
new dog never actually cooked two dogs
though so what well what else did you
think we were gonna do with him can you
help me cook you milk no it's not sweet
oh yeah
make sense also guys newmich coming soon
we've got the baldhead model in the
match right now we've got the plug we've
got the match we've got the ball head
and we've got the dominoes all is good
in the house okay guys I've just
finished my dominoes and guys one thing
I've been needing to ask you and I can't
leave her and actually asked you yet in
this video now we don't have a name for
this pub we don't know what to call him
I was thinking maybe we're calling like
John or like Phil or like Chris or like
Tom or like I'm joking yeah we don't
want a common name we want the most
weird name you can actually think of for
this little pup guys it doesn't even
have to be a name it could be an object
or just a random word that you're lying
but guys we want you to comment down
below your names for this cute little
pug in the comment section below
I'm actually surprised on how well he's
behaved for the first day I mean I know
you guys don't really care about how
well he's behaved you guys would
probably like it more if you went and
just blew it everywhere but he's been
really well babe he's selling really
well and he's on his way to becoming the
next big YouTube dog but guys thank you
all so George to this video once again
if you're new to the channel and you
have no to subscribe what the hell are
you doing go down there smash that
subscribe and join the family for more
videos with the little pork and if you
want to see my life reaction when more
actually surprised me with this dog go
over to the video on her channel
there'll be a link in the description
below but guys thank you so much
watching the video and as always I've
been moths you've been pulled you guys
been awesome and we'll see you in my
next video peace out if you enjoyed the
video then remember to subscribe mugsy's
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis
thanks for watching these are boots
