three-two-one
hello guys and today me and mom are
going head-to-head in a battle a serious
battle which will go down in the ages
yeah this is some kind of a gang of
Floyd Mayweather but of course your boys
Floyd Mayweather and that over there
it's Conor McGregor yes so yes guys
today mia mama taking a little bit of a
break from the kind of district drama
we're going head-to-head in an
old-school challenge and we thought
since we're here in this don't freaking
pool we go head to head in a little
running on water challenge something we
have literally never ever done so guys
this is gonna be one of the craziest
videos we have literally ever done she's
going down right now
hey so guys as you can see we've made a
little bit of a contraption we've put
two pieces of tarp together to make a
long wrong way through this bad egg
normal she's just being a loser however
we did one into one problem we couldn't
stick it to that side we go to the shop
to get more string and I'm staying away
from all right two guys if you're new
here and you haven't seen my face ever
before or maybe you're having you just
haven't subscribe firstly why is doing
what the flip are you doing go down this
that subscribe but let's also team on
that keyboards are the strongest army to
ever rain on YouTube go down there smash
that subscribe or leave a like on the
video comment down below the team mods
are the best go cop submerge link in the
description right now new merch coming
really really soon but guys right now me
Obama off we're gonna go to the shop I
don't really want to hang with mom so
mines gonna come and kind of keep us
apart big lad Mar and literally my best
friend the only reason I'm actually
having full on this harder because she
has just being a little bit of a but
yeah we're going right now so give me a
countdown 5 no one cares guys we're
gonna be dead drinking road to make it
longer I made not seen the baggage is it
in here are you absolutely seriously
talking to me like that on camera yes
you idiot
you didn't make me seen the bar you
actually got in the front so I just got
in the bar I'm gonna stay in the back
cuz she's an idiot
ba guys if you don't know the moment we
in Cyprus and it's just absolutely
boiling like my arms aren't having a
good time at know one of my arms it's
like a rainforest under there oh it's
just putting moist but yeah we're
walking into this big-ass supermarket
with this big-ass woman not like big-ass
woman just like a big woman she's like
just big and a little bit chunky but
yeah you know what mum looks like you
know what she looks like mum Joey you
look like you like a form let me put a
picture of a formal on this girl right
now them little candy bars then little
marshmallows that you had when you were
younger that body looks like a form here
we see a wild whale in its natural
habitat and then we got mine here just
happens to be balls oh my god mom mom
mom catch Oh No
right so mom has literally just IRL
ragequit she's ran off back to the car
someone's putting up with her she's just
a little bit soul - you know because
obviously you can't handle the banter of
Maude's but yeah right now me and Paulie
we're here and you know I've just seen
these hats man and I mean you know you
know your fashion you've got a plain
blue t-shirt plain shorts and a plane ha
so I mean he's clearly rockin the old
fashioned games and mate what we
thinking be real with me bro I'm
thinking well better lime-green hold up
hold up you know as cue ball can let's
keep walking I think we can get better
oh this might change the game Martin the
game that's looking good looking good
look at this dude okay okay let's keep
looking keep looking
oh-ho Martin Oh Martin the team thing or
maybe oh no I think we found it my and I
think we found it I think we found it
Martin oh man is this the one that could
be the one it is the one Oh
now that is my shot this is the one guys
let's get it let's get it let's get it
mom listen right mom hold on I know how
your favorite animals a cow because
obviously you look a lot like cows so
what I'm gonna do mom I'm gonna buy you
this it's a little present mom I'm just
gonna give it your whatever put it I saw
me it's on me it's a tree my treat mom
my tree one thing always confuses the
hell out of me is when people look at me
as if I'm not normal like you idiot
I am normal okay anyway guys we're just
done in this big shop thing we got this
big woman thing here and right now we're
heading to get some food oh yeah food
okay we just went in got food it's good
well what did you get I don't care shut
up guys right now we're going back we're
gonna set up the top and we're gonna get
this challenge started drop me a like if
you're new subscribe if you wanna drop a
like in yeah shut up you old boom okay
mom rock paper scissors to see who is
going first we've got it all ready
rock paper scissors zombies I win oh
yeah yo confessor i won come on there
you go there you go okay so mum the aim
of the game you have to stand there
sprin and see how far you can get across
it whoever gets the farthest wins and
the loser has to do a forfeit alright
mind the referee right over the body
Ellie is mine you're gonna have to be
the referee whoever gets furthest across
wins and the responsibilities all in
your hands mine Jill Hudson are you
ready hey fatty boom-boom come on three
two one go
oh no oh my oh gosh well you're broken
that was probably the worst running on
water I've ever seen okay loan gentlemen
this one is going out to the team out
there this one is going out to Timor I'm
putting the glasses down bit money ready
are you ready okay three two one
Oh God Oh about here without furthermore
not further than your mom or team box we
got this five four three two one go no
this is my ear time for round two
considerably harder considering now I've
got over me oh my god
oh it's a just don't add to be count Oh
Paul that very into me
Martin's real name it was old in there I
don't have to hunt on me
Martin it looks like you're running
there pushing mom we're not time to
waste
get hold in mine get out of the pool
okay okay state your name Martin what
how much do you weigh no uh how much
muscle mass you have cool how faster
yeah very fast how much how long can you
run for how long how how old the young
okay Martin whenever you ready bro but
wait wait wait guys guys hold on a sec I
think what we really should do right now
is you know do mines run in a good ol
bit of slow mo guys go to the slow-mo in
three two one
buying slow-mo time three two one back
this is all II gotta hold it
okay guys and now it's time for the
forfeit now Cena's every time when went
on she the collapsed it all go
absolutely nowhere she's about to pay
the price and the forfeit is gonna
involve these pretty water blue bird
down here down there in the corner and
she's gonna have to try and dodge the
water balloons while staying on the
float and I'm gonna be the one lobbing
them at Mormon to get some revenge for
everything she's done to me drop a like
right now if you're excited drop a like
comment team orgs let's show Teen Mom
that we are the best
who doesn't love water balloon for my
favorite color right I call this the
spinner Oh sugar hey John you okay
oh no you ready for this mom or at once
you better take over mom hey come oh
she's gone
I've been bowled she's dead well guys
that was a little bit of a weird vlog
today we did some running on water we
did a little bit more balloon fight we
did a little bit of shopping a little
bit drink it a little bit of wits so
guys if you've enjoyed remember to go
down there and smash Mia like on this
video right now and if you're new to
team balls go out there and subscribe to
this channel right now to join the
family we're growing like crazy we're
going off and you need to go down there
and join the family if you're not
already
poor guys thank you all so much for
watching remember to stay happy keep
smiling keep being cool and just keep
doing stuff and just that yeah I goes
over to watching and as always I've
involved you guys been awesome and us
you in my next video please out but if
you enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to mugsy's channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis thanks for watching happy
