do you think they can take teamworks
down you can they can take out a shower
throughout this whole beef with mom I've
never really been mad I've been annoyed
I've been a little bit worked up but
I've never really been you know fully
mad but after you hear what mom has done
you will hopefully understand why I am
absolutely fuming right now I'm past mad
I'm past annoyed I am absolutely human
I'm on a whole new level of angry now
before you click away don't worry you
will be hearing some of my district in
this video for the first time ever
however the reason you're not seeing the
completely done music video the
completely made music video right now on
the channel and the reason you see in
this is because mom has destroyed /
stolen the diss track and I wish I was
joking we need to get a drink first one
I'm gonna need to get a drink for this
so as you guys know I've been working on
this district ever since we basically
came on this holiday I've been writing
down notes I've been finding beats loads
of planning loads of hard work and today
was supposed to be the big ending of it
all the day that the district drop you
guys are all gonna love it I was gonna
feel really happy because it was out but
no mom had to get away in it again so
last night was the shoot of the music
video I went out with Martin and for
literally three hours like I didn't
realize it took that long to do these
videos but for three hours we shot the
music video for the district we went out
we smashed a bunch of butcher plates we
smashed a bunch of watermelons did like
five takes of the rap did load the
scenes in the pool we did loads of stuff
all around this mansion and shot the
entire thing and it went really really
well the day before that we shot the
actual song I shot my audio we put it
together with a be added loads of
effects we got that ready the day before
that I found the B and then like the
days before that I wrote the bar so this
has been an ongoing process and today
was as you know supposed to be the
ending of it all now the music video the
entire video and the song was ready
completely ready last night when I went
to sleep it was ready I went to bed at 5
a.m. 5 a.m. because I was awake the
entire night putting everything together
and it was already the
the video is dope the song was amazing
everything was ready to to go when I
woke up this morning my hard drive where
I keep the district and all my files on
for YouTube in general everything
thumbnails everything was broken
completely useless it wasn't it wouldn't
work completely broken this right here I
woke up and it was just making a
clicking sound it was going and I will
show it you if you don't believe me it
was just making a clicking sound which
means that this here is broken it
doesn't work my entire track on there is
gone everything is gone that somehow
that means that is broken which means
really one of three things my hard drive
for the first time ever decides to break
the night before the biggest moment of
this channel in a very long time happens
that problem has never happened to me
and I've been using hard drives for over
a year so number one is that it just so
happened to break literally hours before
my first ever song released which
doesn't make sense like that Cartman it
can't be look I even tweet it out it
can't be go down too bad look because
that is too high of a coincidence oh
scrap that the second chance is that mum
who's broken it in the middle of the
night she's came in while I was asleep
she's broken the hard drive and broken
the track and it's gone because she
couldn't face the track or she didn't
want to hear the track so she's taken my
hard drive bad man she knows that's
where the track is
and she's broken it Oh option number
three is that mum has taken the hard
drive stolen the track plugged into her
laptop still on the track and either
broken it in the process or stolen the
track and then broke the hard drive so
that she would only ever be the only one
with the track now I am obviously gonna
confront her about this I'm gonna
probably wait until she actually
responds on her channel because I need
to know the true of her because
I don't know what the hell I'm gonna do
I'm gonna keep posting some videos over
the next few days some I have ready and
while those go out I'm gonna be
investing it in this whole situation I'm
gonna wait to see what she says on her
channel Steve shows up see if she
doesn't look I think she's stolen the
truck
I think she's stolen the truck because
it's gone it's completely gone however
there is one part of the track which is
still alive one part and is the entire
intro scene of the track which I saved
to my iTunes which is obviously not
which is obviously not in correlation
with the hard drive and what I'm going
to do is I'm gonna play you that right
now so you can get a feel and this is
also proof that this is not an excuse
this is not a joke I didn't I couldn't
not think of anything I didn't either I
did not have any of it ready this is
complete proof here that I had at the
track ready and it's basically gone and
I'm gonna have to work to try and get it
back from mum who I think is stolen it
but guys while do right now is play you
the track 6 p.m. tomorrow is the death
you they can take team words down
they can take out a shower so yeah as
you can see guys I did have a try this
isn't that joke the sender publicity
stunt this is an excuse the hard drive
was broken somebody has broken it it
wasn't me it obviously wasn't Martin so
that leaves one of the suspect whether
she's stolen the truck or not whether
there's any chance of us getting it back
I don't know but I'm gonna keep you
updated guys I'm gonna do some research
over the next few days in the meantime
I've got some awesome video plans over
the next few days for you to watch but
guys I just want to say to the team mugs
right now don't you worry I will get
this track to you I don't know how long
it's gonna take I don't know how I'm
gonna do it I ain't gonna stop until
this track is out I don't care I don't
care what I have to do the track is
going out and I'm not gonna wait until
it's out so guys I just wanna say thank
you all so much for watching this video
if you've enjoyed remember to go and
leave a like and subscribe if you're new
I honestly don't have a clue what I'm
gonna do here but i'ma try my absolute
best to get this whole thing sorted mama
if you're watching this which I know you
are you better watch out and if I find
out that you've stolen or destroyed the
track you don't want to know what I'll
do
guys thank y'all so much for watching
and as always I've been more julia has
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video
peace out cue mum
