oh my god it's results day every single
minute of my 16 year old life has led to
this moment
reception Mercer if I fail today my life
is over I'm a useless
homeless family all the cool math games
all for this one / teach you what people
have said if I don't get my
qualifications I'll be on the streets
I'm holding in my hands the results that
will tell me if I'm going to be living
on the streets English
f you failed
oh well looks like I'm just gonna have
to add a lot of mid-roll ads in this
video that clip better have been worth
it no buffer guys that was just a little
bit of a skip don't take any of that
seriously however what I'm about to say
you should take seriously because I'm
about to have a little bit of a chat
with you guys about GCSE and all that
sugar I realized that like 90% of people
watching this are either people that
have just got the GCSE needs so we're
getting the GCC's or who are just fans
of me I guess know if you don't know
ready last I think it was November I
made probably the big it will I say
probably by far the biggest decision of
my life and that was to quit school in
year 11 to focus on YouTube now our
first glance of hearing that you you're
all probably like what the flip is wrong
with this kid's head however you got to
hear me out okay now I did a whole video
about this so I'm only gonna kind of
brush on some work right now basically
the reason I decided to leave school
back then was because obviously
YouTube's always been a dream of mine
I've been working this for four years
and obviously as I'm sure you guys are
where school is like it takes up a lot
of your time when you're young I don't
think like I don't think people
understand how much time school actually
takes up like it's hard to have anything
else going on if you're at school well
yeah my school in particular I'm not
gonna you know I don't want to chat
sugar but it wasn't the best school
let's just say that I've been asked to
quit YouTube because it was a
distraction by like three or four
different teachers one of them being the
head teacher herself literally I was on
13,000 subscribers and they asked me to
quit YouTube because they saw as a
distraction to what was more important
so here on 2.5 million but you know it's
not really important is it enough it's
not in the school system so it's not
important I decided to quit school to
put more focus on YouTube mainly because
it was following a dream but also
because I wasn't learning anything at
school sure most you guys are aware once
you passed year nine year
10:11 I'll literally just dedicated to
preparing you for the exams and what are
the exams a bunch of stuff that you're
never gonna use in your life I can tell
you guys that in the nine months or
whatever I haven't in at school I
haven't ever had to write
anything to do with English literature
never to use algebra I've barely even
touched a pencil it's just just me
you're leaving you won't use it but this
video isn't about slate in school
alright so you know just just keep
watching I guess now when I decided to
leave the school I was on three
hundred-pound subscribers or around
there and I had about thirty million
views and when I left everyone called me
crazy because I was getting about eight
million views a month it was good but it
wasn't like amazing but yeah having
three hundred thousand subscribers and
quitting literally everybody called me
crazy everyone was called me an idiot
everyone was saying it was the wrong
decision and then literally not even a
year later nine months later I'm
currently the most subscribed 16 year
old on YouTube I've got 260 odd million
views and since I left school I've
gained two million subscribers in about
nine months but hey you know remember
YouTube's only distraction to what's
important whenever I tell people this
story they always get the impression
that I'm just like telling them you know
everyone should go quit school and do
YouTube that is not the impression the
impression I'm trying to give you guys
you don't have to be like everybody else
the way the I felt school brought you up
is the the only way to succeed and the
right thing to do is to follow the
school system is to follow what they
want of you to follow their expectations
to just do what they say 20 because
school is telling you to follow your
dreams however if your dream isn't in
the school system then come follow that
one can't do YouTube you gotta quit
YouTube it's not important if it's not
in the school system the world's
changing and just schools really aren't
but yeah I'm just trying more trash
about school again I shouldn't be doing
this yeah I went on a little bit of a
Twitter I guess not really ran a bit of
an instrument spins but an inspirational
Twitter moment earlier I'm gonna read
you some tweets because they're actually
true so start out by tweeting at grades
don't measure intelligence
I mean sure obviously if you've got good
grades there's obviously some
intelligence that goes into that but a
lot of getting good grades is about
planning preparation
about retaining information basically
what I'm trying to say is to be
intelligent you don't have to have all
aides on a piece of paper in fact some
of those intelligent people literally
dropped out of school went on to say I
still remember my school asking me to
quit youtube at when I was on 14k subs
because it was getting in the way of
what's important they tell you to follow
your dreams by only if that fits the
system's boundaries if not then you're
on your own
I literally not a single person
supporting me and that made us be my
school but I don't know I left school
with 300k subs under a year later and
the most subscribed 16 year old follow
your dreams be unique and then I said
I'm not encouraging you guys to all quit
school
follow your dreams however wild they may
seem don't be like everyone else
you're you buddy I'm really sounding
like a motivational speaker right now on
earth then I but I think it's kind of
sad how most people care more about
finding a secure job than chasing their
dreams and then I finish there by saying
just try your best and follow your
dreams guys whatever is however crazy it
may seem I believe in all of you now if
you've got good GCSEs then well done
honestly you've smashed it you've done
well if you haven't go good GCSEs
don't think that's means your life is
over
like I've seen so many people already
like crying about it and just saying
like I mean it's okay to you know not
being happy maybe you didn't get what
you're expecting however it doesn't mean
that everything's over I haven't got a
single GCSE yeah I'm currently sat in
this 10,000 pound a week mansion the
most subscribed 16 year olds so yeah I
mean I guess I'm doing something right
basically guys that's all wants to say I
just want to say be unique just be you
you don't have to fit this criteria that
you know the school and government and
all that expects of you but if you
haven't got the GCSEs you're expecting
don't be disarmed and sounding like I
probably should have finished school
because I can't get my words out
properly if you haven't got the grades
you want it's not the end of the world
don't worry it doesn't mean everything
you're not gonna fail in life or
whatever but yeah that's literally all I
wanted to say I hope you guys enjoy this
video it's something different literally
I'm posting another video at 6 p.m.
today as you're actually watching this
if this is the first day you've watched
this this is literally just a second
upload I went on the run on Twitter then
I just thought screw it I'm just gonna
load two videos today I'm on a bloody
mad one but yeah
hope this helps Amir I have a clue if it
did but yeah thank you all so much for
watching and as always I've involved you
guys been awesome and I'll see you in my
next video peace oh yeah you know we'd
be on that clickbait you know I'm gonna
get the views up by any means necessary
yeah I just need your attention
everybody look this way I'm gonna put an
old switcheroo you know that I'm talking
about clickbait clickbait you know that
it really ain't nothing new
I'm gonna put a dope image on the video
to raise up the views you can say that
I'm lying you can say that I'm tripping
but I just need you to click it I call
it good business I know you wanna come
see this I'll make it very intriguing
when I start my videos like you won't
believe this a keep on clicking cuz I
know you wanna see what happens
people say they hate it but I swear man
I ain't stopping really ain't a crime I
do it all the time my channel spoiler
click my videos ain't no good 9
clickbait ain't no shame in my game I'm
gonna keep on doing it I'm never gonna
change you ain't gotta like me but I
know you'll be a fan now watch my new
video and wait till the end huh cleveite
click babe hold up yeah
