okay is time for the biggest question
yet we've saved the best for last
never have I ever kissed the person that
next three to one
hello guys and welcome back to another
video with Owen seven oh sorry did I get
how are the world you like doing all the
video when I think I'm today what we're
doing on a squad yo sorry I'm not very
good plan Suleiman we can never have I
ever
we are indeed never have ever recorded
video with moles oh well you are
naturally you new here not going to be
factually you want recorded one with me
all on the vlog Wow there you go
basically we're taking turns to ask each
other questions and we have to reply
we've never or the question oh you
didn't tell me so many questions you did
to take interns so they're going to
point so far so yeah we're just going to
come all the questions I don't know
where ask each other questions but it's
going to be fun me so if you knew her
Anastasia what should they do they
should subscribe to channel thumbs up
the video and leave a comment down below
you guys tell me over here that's so not
true though I leave a comment down below
saying that like multi videos are really
like also you so much thank you
yo she knows she's awesome okay then you
started off you can go first I got any
questions you didn't tell me questions
understand water about this I just said
hey sit down in this hotel room I was
gonna recordable never ever so off the
top of my head I never have I ever
redirected three two one
okay we're both cool you need is worth
well we stole from Sainsbury's what
doesn't count I took envelopes from
Sainsbury's and apparently likes
stealing yeah no but as you pay for the
cards and you get the envelopes wisdom
so liked anything was another pay for
you seen in and I'm not he was
but never never have I ever peed in a
swimming pool
I'll have to put easier at 3 2 1
no I should blue think so tell me think
of any year I mean it'll really see
where I think you're actually more weird
if you haven't yeah beautiful
everybody's done it I'm all right
your guys comment down below if you peed
in the pool because I'm pretty sure
every single person watching this as
being the pool I did last night you take
in no.16 disgusting next question guys
never have I ever skipped a lesson at
school
3 2 1
what never wore I was a proper good girl
so I I can't stand people who disobey
teachers if there's dog oh I'm sorry
okay guys the never ever has
unfortunately comes towards technical
difficulties Jesus sake what the that's
funny and you've literally cloud me my
elbow actually really hurt you deserve
it so you're telling me you've never
ever skipped a lesson never ever
not me I'm not like here like on Glee
also skip lazerov I mean I wanted to
like you've never just never I had a lot
of respect my heater yo hashtag it be
like Anastasia's got that trending hash
text a casting she just pulled the
Murphy on my friend she actually plugged
she's plugged her merge on my channel
never have I ever broken something at
friends house and not told them not told
them not told them or their parent or oh
god I come Bonita buddy made to think
about this one I'm actually not sure
where are you my friend yeah it's just
like technically like your house with
there yeah yeah I have just the record
guys this isn't either of our houses
this is a hotel and we just mushed a mug
so I mean wait I've got your fucking
stone I might know how much more your
mug and next question I've got a really
good one right never have I ever been
seriously annoyed of the other person
during filming and never have I ever
video 3 2 1
Oh what are you last of all cats sure
you're actually really annoying me yeah
like I actually car what are you oh my
god you are disgusting
Oh next question
never have I ever fallen in love at
first sight
oh okay okay countdown countdown three
two one
oh I mean never let me never obviously I
might never hear that well I might never
asked what you mean I didn't I don't
like talking about a James Arvika we
talked about but never they can see that
she do next question on question goes
never have I ever had a crush on a
friend's bleep Aaron Aaron are you ready
okay okay time okay you ready
three two one Oh dad Oh God
Oh his name dropping I can't name job so
my friend's parent I've had a crush on
is woke those weird chemical difficulys
no really really weird timing never have
I ever had to slap somebody across the
face three two one you have it's got
Hank Mottola I've been abused I've been
stopping speed showing and I've kind of
lost my I have I don't know it's gone
I've lost me I have this is an absolute
truck you flat metal a job dude I've
lost my I have this is a nightmare okay
never have I ever fainted in public
three two one what we've ever done
anything yeah please I don't paint it I
wash you're funny store buy this do you
wanna hear
not really but you tell me anyway story
time I'm always everyone gather round
that's it that's it drum a primary
school way to do like storytime this is
it
come on gather round sit down get you
get you drinks get your beverages and
it's time for this time story time okay
so basically have you actually know this
story right so I was at a football match
right stood off a football match in like
a ginormous crowd right a football match
where were you again
I think the thing was a football match
made antenna basically I'd woke up like
late that day which is always the way
every day and I had actually eaten that
day right I had no time for breakfast
than that so went to the match right and
I feel like really really dizzy and
basically this happening like the 20th
minute the game right
my vision went really really blurry and
I started my wobbling like fully buddy
wobbling around and like I was genuinely
struggling to stand right so I'm in a
crowd that this ginormous group people
all stood around and I'm sat down on a
chair just doing their shit I swear just
doing that right and then a half time my
dad got me a coconuts fine I needed
sugar how to pick out a little bit of
migraine yeah you look thrilled you've
had many sent me to sleep let's move on
to them
thanks forum never have I ever been in
an embarrassing video that has been
uploaded to YouTube Oh dark things and
no I'm not going to listen to countdown
I think we both have let's be honest one
okay I was going first
okay you're going to your first
Charlotte what's yours well this video
obviously stars and then we just grow up
way back in it obviously apart from this
video I used to have a channel like way
back before I'm one now oh no quiz a
video a lot nice play them skirt right
now I'm going to Leela before the
predict well I'm not gonna lie guys I
mean I could name a specific video but I
think literally I'm gonna let you see a
few okay because unlike you I let people
see summarize so roll the freaking clip
of one of my most embarrassing videos
hello guys Melanie and quickly before
show you this in so embellisher out see
I mean you go very hard by similar we
everything you do is American so it
wasn't really a step up to be honest
well I'm losing my patience everything
we're going to go being patient you
really like roasting me butter not
winding yet never have I ever
this question doesn't really make me
specifically with know how I ever stayed
awake for an entire night three two one
we went on a website I looking for
questions and one of them was seriously
never have I ever stayed away for an
entire night well by general is my daily
schedule like those ridiculous I don't
even sleep when obviously asleep sleep
is for the weak you're nocturnal
I am very pretty nocturnal what's your
zone yeah it means I'm awake at night
what's yours then when you probably like
one
I said it once when I went to a party me
awake all night in sleep what the day
for I went hastily and I named Polly
wants okay so this is uh nastasia's
final bloomin question so make a big
will make a good one oh it's not much
good I've got a good story though to go
with it that make devar okay
okay never have I ever had a paranormal
experience oh boy oh oh oh that's a
great one I okay see I'm not sure about
this one oh come on I tell you out okay
three T uh I got it I go deal with I
have I've definitely have okay you do
yours first as my eyes column under my
plan see it sounds proper and realistic
oh I think I heard you told you before
you die remember basically you probably
know what the Grinch is I do a dream
weirdo I agree intact like the green a
green man yeah
all I just do what you call the green
Julia boom anyway the really hairy green
man I remember when I was out like six
maybe
I like rolled over to the side of my bed
and I swear I open my eyes and he was
standing there yeah so he was like it
was like his body and I was scoring and
I remembered if I think in my eyes I you
there any was that he was that happy no
attending who's do the green hairy body
no nothing it was the green tender
saying that was like a really good way
of instigated so let's get it straight
so nice shot in bed and a green body
with no no I woke up in the middle and I
and I saw a green hairy man and I swear
to God I saw where I saw the ghost of
the Grinch a movie character sure the
Grinch wasn't the green that was just a
really good work usually those
experiences like I was walking around at
night and I saw something move by itself
so you just don't putting a tight by the
Grinch the Grinch the buddy grin gijiba
ain't going try it
mind I mean to be honest mind you know I
think unfortunately I'm going to tie by
the Grinch or anything but it was a
video a little while ago I run into an
abandoned tunnel and you can actually
see like there was almost like a cloud
of like smoke
well there was no smoke after duster
just exposed yourself mate
there was no smoke in the tunnel where
we watch the recorded back and we saw a
big blue cluster smoke and I think it's
a ghost but it wasn't a Grinch and it
did have a hearse my story was sent back
to do my fair question now
okay is time for the biggest question
yet we've saved the best for last
never have I ever kissed the person sat
next to me 3 2 1
well guys nicely I love the video in
your room - sigh - ouch oh thank you bye
how's outrigger again go like just just
I gave them to just do everything
southern like and just beg them to the
end of bed until I buy everything just
died again just just beggin just back up
maybe so and watch the video if you did
make sure to subscribe to my channel my
name is so loose I never saw the merch
here is out it's here
hashtag stay class you should go down
and buy my merch because I'm multiplying
it as well so you should go get some and
Yahoo a huge thumbs up Bochum - no I
wasn't in my video thank you okay you've
had your promotion okay
link in description pause what emerges
down there now which I did not agree to
but it is pretty good to the eyes if you
want makeup on maybe guys if you knew
air and you haven't already subscribed
firstly like what was actually doing
look yourself in the mirror if you've
watched to know and you haven't already
subscribe like come on understand as a
variable now you're scrubbers are
leading screamer them yeah just scream
subscribe subscribe we do like the video
guys I managed to get a female in a
video with me so I mean if that doesn't
deserve a like this is a big big moment
for the channel this is monumental right
here go down there smash alike comment
down below what videos you want me to do
with the beautiful Anastasia and guys
thank you all thank y'all so much for
watching as always I've involved
you've been occasional ouch okay I do
that every day of as always I've
involved
Reuben Isaiah you guys been also on will
see you in my next video proofread on it
up man
out if you enjoyed the video then
remember to subscribe to mugsy's channel
and don't forget to leave a like if you
have a big penis thanks for watching
peace out
