I'm thinking about dropping a desk truck
on my mom since my mom is already going
at you I think it makes sense to do a
joint this child what do you think
meaning it's me and you against my mom
yeah okay why don't you understand er
hello guys and welcome back to another
video start another one out here with a
view of London very thoughtful oh hello
you kind of are interrupting the view
but you know we talked it's not by views
not my view are there well yeah this is
literally the first video we're filming
as a married couple show him the ring
we've got it on she sought the finger
but y'all it looks very nice that's asam
Versace Louis Vuitton Gucci ring that
cost me 12 million pounds no my guy I
got I was on quite 15 pounds but yeah I
can't lie to you guys today didn't start
out amazing for me because the bird
thing happened today for me was I got
pranked by her I'm debating not showing
you guys the clip at all buy things you
get mad at me so guys roll the clip
so Morgan is literally been asleep like
it's overslept and if I wanna clock we
went to a cow at 12:00
so I've got already and I'm going to
prank him because I'm sick of him prank
every video so and he literally and a
shot here so we want him across field
bottom I can't dine at the same time
well good like up oh no we got a guy's
one o'clock now one it's one in checkout
twelves not now as you can see guys my
pranking reputations can't have been
like tarnished right there anyway
today's video is going to be absolutely
mental right because as you know really
hotel right now with the hot tub which
is absolutely amazing by the way
well yeah today we're leaving this hotel
we're splitting up for a little while
not like that okay not like that would
just just you get to get me we're not
actually like splitting up but we're
like splitting apart yeah and then
tomorrow
yes literally tomorrow I'm going away to
Cyprus again on holiday I haven't even
told you guys when you're watching this
I'll be there so we've got a busy day
planned today lots of stuff to do but
the first thing we're going to do right
now is announce our marriage on Twitter
because we haven't actually done it yet
and no one really knows but guys just
before that if you're new here and you
don't
we already i'm morgues and if you
haven't already subscribed to go down
there and hit that subscribe button to
join team morgue we're growing fast with
so strong the family is just growing and
growing and growing and it's absolutely
crazy so join the team join the squad go
down there and hit that subscribe button
and also if you want to take your
support to the next level go cop some of
my merchandise that's out right now
we're dropping some new designs soon
there's still some stuff on sale when
you're watching this so go get some
merch but the real question is anastasia
how do we announced this on twitter how
we're going to do it how we're going to
go about doing this yeah do you think
shine outs on mine I should like tweet a
picture of the ring and so like she said
yes but not say who even though everyone
kind of already knows what how it was
into that now you can get up let's do it
oh by the way guys we're supposed to
check out this hotel at 11:00 right
right now it is 20 plus one okay so I
say that in every pod what every hotel
must hate me
guys this is behind-the-scenes of how
how a youtuber does a tree right here
I'll go flash got a flash on the three
two guys freeze to one tweet time see
how everyone reacts to a marriage I mean
the thing is there's going to be a lot
of haters I'm sure we both know that
obviously we both know who's going to be
haters because it has only been nine
days now but that's been nine days that
equates to nine years in 2017 well
that's the way it works now
oh the replies are flying in that the
ring is horrible Oh God oh this haters
hates coming already anyway guys we're
leaving right now because we are
literally they've just wrangles again
like they are not having any of us
Danish though you know how is Anna
give me a 10-second countdown imma do a
room tour in ten seconds okay here was
the bathroom guys told us almost the
same kind of tells everywhere hid I'm
looking very beautiful bed smush it
absolutely everywhere doughnuts table
plate ah ah I think I was well over 10
seconds and I didn't even let you guys
know about the iron so you guys
literally are going to believe this
right we're just tired chillin like
getting a few drinks and that I
genuinely can't believe this you're not
going to take a look at this so you guys
know how I tweet it out a little bit ago
about the whole marriage thing check out
what my actual mum has to say about it
my
mom so she quotes the tweet and says he
leaves home but twice without telling me
then get married for a girl who can't
even pull a ring on the right finger I'm
sure you guys have heard now about
what's lingo not the moment have you
heard have you heard you heard she
hasn't heard so you haven't seen the
video right but a little bit ago my mom
did too pranks on me one of them she
bought me a dog which I've been wanting
a dog for ages prank me with it and then
took it away right I thought I was too
far I did a video on it I'm thinking
about dropping a desk truck on my mom
she's my mom it's already going at you I
think it makes sense to do a joint
discharged you didn't mean it against me
and you against my mom yeah okay oh I'm
also fast
she just roasted it to refer yeah okay
well yeah 100 Center guys if you guys
want us to do a joint district against
my freaking mama cause she is and
roasting people the moment she's been
taking pranks too far she's crossed the
line she died new channel and now she
just thinks she's buddy 10 men or
something she's just absolutely lost the
plot if you want being Anna to link up
on a dis track against my mom you guys
know what to do comment down below let
us know was never because I mean have
you got any diss track experienced
mentor I haven't either so we're not
likely got much experience guys but you
never know I think we can pull out some
tasty bars I've got a lot of dirt on my
mom guys comment down below if you want
a dis track me neither
okay so we have elixir just came in to
Herod you may remember it from like a
few weeks ago I came out with a dill and
this place is like I even joking it's
their first time here it's my second
this place is bloody humongous it's got
like five wars but like imagine I get
like five times I hear it's ridiculous
but yeah we're just walking up the blue
designer studio I'm going to take a look
oh god oh god we rolled up to the
women's clothes on by mistake bad
mistake I'm going to be here for a while
guys we've been walking around for about
72 days now I don't have a bloody clue
where we are we're just walking around
this place let's just do a left let's
just do a white I don't know a clue
where we're going we're basically lost
at this point we'll literally lost all
my god right okay well Diana figure if I
sit down
I'm going this is comfy this sofa is
actually about the body size of my house
like this is just ridiculous
oh my god I wonder how much this 204 is
god wait the sofa price tag over there
oh my god oh my god I got 24,000 let's
take it you know we roll up to my
favorite section
I don't care that's Big D and I'm still
5 inside oh my god oh my god it's Nemo
it's cars it's hard it's Pikachu it's
pretty Pikachu the Pokemon go days are
coming back to me wasn't she just show
me this we couldn't find you or I don't
know anything
Fiji so was it then it's just like
proper clear not any different
yeah would you say it's nicer than all
water I don't know I'm copy much and
copper and get myself a bowl it's just
nice it's just blue all sir she's having
me on it's a bleep rank they are getting
Frankie oh my god guys dressing up wait
wait wait guys check this for real guys
comment down below do you think I can
suit this because I think I can't like
your boy can't do anything by the way
guys official sees you walk taste test
right here three two one
please tell me you can taste the
appetite
okay it's pretty good oh my god Jesus
look at the size of this body teddy
barrier not tell you about it genuinely
bigger than you actually thousand that's
three thousand oh my god three thousand
- oh my G yeah I can click those back
anyway you don't need you don't need to
tell about that sighs we rolled into my
favorite safety or jump we brought in
looked over section Sheena's Anna's new
hair she probably won't - Sam I'm about
to say but roll the cinematix
Samia nano just came and sat down in
this place and heinous adventurous
basically she just brung us this right
the top foot is blue pin our oh my gosh
but for real though like I'm sorry but
can I just always Nutella is Nutella yes
I they actually sewed it that's actually
so good oh my bloody god oh my god it
looks like one pick up food but I do not
care I'm going to believe demolish this
okay guys so what we're going to do
right now is just finished food and
we're going to do a little bit of card
roulette just a class right you're
probably thinking why and you're paying
for food I put the ad pay for everything
so yeah don't cha we'd put them both
down and just a pick whichever one at
random and the way we should pick pays
you think it's going to pick y'all
what's doing I played this twice before
on camera I've lost both for them if I
win this has to be my first ever win I'm
getting ready guys
could you do it a favor right we're
going to play a game called like card
roulette could you just pick one of them
at random oh oh yes I'm uh I played the
game three times my record is LLL I'm
taking elves everywhere dice alright so
basically the meal took longer than we
expected so Anna over here is now late
for a meeting so yeah she's going to
jump in a taxi and we're going to say
goodbye for now we're splitting up what
not really splitting up so yeah
by yo guys though literally about five
hours have gone like probably even more
since I last vlog and I know you
probably say like extremely confused
right now and trust me I kind of am too
so let me just explain to you what has
gone on now the last clip I've loved was
when I was leaving an arai and basically
what happened after that I went straight
away to get my hair cut as you can
probably tell it's quite shy on the side
and the reason I did dyes because
tomorrow I'm actually on holiday I'll be
on holiday by the time you're watching
this then the second thing I did after
that was meet up with Jack who's my
manager I think you guys have Stephen
that seen him a few times in the videos
he always seems to like you know just
kind of creep into him every now and
again and a few you guys noticed him
where me and Jack went out and got the
fanciest steak I've ever had we paid 50
pound each
I got Philly state we both got Philly
steak and it was actually amazing but
the bill must have been like a lot
though I mean I'm not gonna lie I did
get a twitch which I was very happy
about and then basically after that I
went to the train station and caught the
next train home then I got a taxi back
from the station and Here I am now at
home hence why I'm keep my voice down is
actually very late at night right now
but yeah mommy is currently asleep in
bed she doesn't even know I'm home like
I told her I'd be coming home today but
she didn't even know that I'm home and
if you don't know already I just left
her this weekend without even telling
her where I was going
and if you've been keeping up to date
with both of our Twitter's you'll see
that she is not very happy like look at
some of these things she's been tweeting
out she is like she's been wanting to
kill me so yeah guys I'm very very
nervous to actually see her obviously
when she weighs up tomorrow we're going
to be going on holiday and I think she's
going to be really really mad at me and
I think the beef is definitely going to
continue like I'm very I'm dropping a
diss track on it I swear I am going to
drop a dish so I'm gonna try my absolute
best to get this district out so she's
going to be really really angry with me
tomorrow and I'm actually very very
scared I'm just going to get into bed
and just hide I'm just going to hide
from my own mom but yeah basically just
brings us back to now is really really
late I am very very tired hence while
you know I'm not exactly too energetic
right now I'm like I'm kind of low-key
dying I'm not going to lie mom's
upstairs asleep and yet tomorrow is
going to be interesting the next video
you'll see is probably just going to be
another one of those the
because you know that's kind of all we
ever do yeah guys I just wanted to say
thank you all so much for watching this
video if you've enjoyed you already know
what to do go down there and smash a big
thumbs up on the video and if you're new
and you haven't already subscribed what
the actual flip are you do it like how
can you watch the full video and not
give me a subscribe like I mean come on
man
I'm not childlike sell you something I
want you to hit subscribe or mom please
I'm finally guys remember to stay up to
date on my Twitter and even mom's
Twitter just stay up to date with all
the corned beef because it's been really
really crazy in the moment I don't even
know what to say it has been all over
the place
I've been leaving a she's not there for
me it's been crazy but guys thank you
all so much for watching I'll be back
tomorrow with another video at 6 p.m. as
always I've involved you've been awesome
and I'll see you in the next video Bruce
oh let's drag this video then remember
to subscribe and ma'juj channel and
don't forget to leave a like if you have
a big penis
haha thanks for watching it is that out
