no no no he's not poor man so early
today me mum went to haunted abandoned
Cemetery and export it on her channel
and you know it's only fair to say yep
the video is out right now so you can go
and watch it after you've watch this one
after you've watched this one okay after
but what about to do right now is go
downstairs and tell her that the files
all got corrupted and ever since making
her own channel she's been going hard so
if I can get to believe this this prank
is going to be incredible mum I've just
been vlogging I've literally just
started my vlog yeah I will just pull my
memory card into my camera yeah it's
just a Genesis a memory card that we
used earlier and then you probably don't
know this I'll reset use the same memory
cards okay I put it into my camera he
gave me this stupid message about
something in the image database have
gone like crooks or something so I took
out put into my comp you learn the files
of all garden they've all gone no they
work on everything even to launch from
the other day they've all just gotten
yours everything within to someone who's
just come special videos for me Mike
you've done a service
no Alan why would I come up with a good
phone and you want to be on your channel
and I said it's mine and you wanted a
mum I don't do that come on oh good god
are you going are you going okay okay
yeah yeah yeah
Oh Oh guys welcome back to another vlog
today MIMO are going to be doing she you
know she's leaving me she's leaving me
she's gone
but guys I'm telling you now today's
vlog is going to be an absolutely
amazing one because what we're going to
be doing is filling it out to wave I
don't know I told them I didn't say this
but we're going to be filling our hot
tub with ball pit balls and making our
own outside Hot Tools ball pit so if
you're new here my name is 'more this is
my channel this is a channel basically
dedicated to prank in the hell out woman
doing crazy random stuff in our house
aka filling the hot tub Lube ball pit
bulls and you know why would you not
want to see that type of content in your
subscription box every day don't
remember to go out there and smash that
subscribe button join the squad
join the family joined it to you join
those guys join the army join the family
I think I said that one and of course if
you want to take your dedication 40
moles to a whole new level go and cut
your match it's fricking fresh well it's
fresh
well yeah I should gonna take today's
vlog is going to be a mental one let's
get this whole friggin day starters bro
yo if there's one thing that absolutely
everybody loves except for me of course
yo guys before your dislike I'm only
joking don't worry I know a that
basically all of you hate me and lost
mom vegetable yeah what I say is one
thing that everybody loves is dogs and
we just so happens to have not one but
two puppies run our house today get
ready for this cute as it's gonna be
freakin cute dogs boobies boobies
oh no oh hello food oh oh hello oh you
so cute where's Isabella oh hello Oh
Bruno I'll tell you what Morgan you make
it all the boys jealous now yeah you
know what I say it is just sure but
Curie's in shape
I don't know live Bruno anymore no joke
I freaking love Bruno but Yoshi is
sickly this aquiline is she shaking bro
so one gallon is our throughput you
probably notice how I've got my team
molds on yeah what's what's going on
with cleaning up that where they are
today I'm gonna change now I do sweets
monastery mods on you one you get
changed to mold I've got my own team J
hey char I'm going to put that on no no
you took a sharpie and drew over one of
my house I did not mean this one of
yours
you know if you want mr. bad and if you
almost are bad go over to her channel
and you know just just just subscribe
and tell her in the conversation maybe
if I see enough people telling you that
you should get merch maybe I'll make you
some merch well guys you not still if
you want much smaller it's closer to my
channel and we'll see what convenient
 but right now I'm going to go get
changed Morgan register there the video
my weight kind of say something real
quick
wow I'm really doing bid on your face I
know I smoked for that I've been working
all day okay so guys is a very windy day
out there I'm talking like very very
windy however we've got all the balls
here now and eyes against bags bags bags
bags bags bags bags bags bags bags bags
bags bags boxes boxes guys there's
literally I never want to know how many
thousands abalzer right now but it is a
freaking lot oh hey mom
I am Oh y'all get yourself a mum that
gets you issues here she's a legend
well yeah these are crammed with balls
every single one of them ball ball ball
oh well as you can see the heart about
here is kind of deflated I think mine
son has none button popped it so what
I'm going to do right now is basically
I'm gonna go out without flip-flops
because I'm a freaking Savage
so yeah mine we need to believe pump it
back up there's a little bit water
around but it don't matter we need to
pump it back up
okay boys and girls right now we're
currently pumping up the heart so as you
can see it's literally done we got Baldy
down there we've got the beautiful mum
down there we got just stupid just fall
for
what me them alone
you bored mine you are bold we have war
gonna do is finish pump additional then
we're going to bring the ball stick oh
okay finally a bit of quiet we're going
to bring the balls up here fill it up
and then we may get the dogs involved
you look all I'm saying that's all
 say referee team moulds let's do
this guys let's we can do this
guys let's mash 20,000 likes on this
video
I don't need bully I don't need mom I
just need team logs now guys without
further ado I present you the world's
first I think hot tub for pool we found
loads mobile get ready monkeys a
countdown Oh
three two one show it oh my god
why I'm rated Mungo I'll get on my side
come on my where she god
hello su I felt a really hard you into
my action back hey everyone to our
profit look at these will still appear
on the me up you feel pop under me for
hahaha oh my god
boggling so Mirai my I don't work
anymore do I need my shoes guy
mom mom we're gonna do a scavenger hunt
for it oh Jesus oh okay listen to this
you gotta choke by the shoe though
Akhmim bat my leg and as my thoughts
dies my thoughts mom girls my toes how
could you go get deeper and and we'll go
get deep down in there and find it more
corn than mine see if you can come to
the rescue
oh Jesus oh the world are become are
they are going everywhere they are going
bloody everywhere oh how romantic is
this oh don't throw remembers the name
is in coma guy she's assaulting the
cameraman give it the camera she's
assaulting the team old you're
assaulting teen moms monkey eyes do not
find your shoe please voice of the word
you bored bug against a word or die spot
to us I've have a shoe this entire time
joking yeah I'm mr. Messimer haha I
actually did hide I don't know where the
hell it is
guys I'm just gonna have to come and
save the day off yay yeah wait
competition whoever finds it first wins
winds up I don't know wins mine baller
Oh Paul haha
guys look like shoes I got a comment rip
shoe in the comment section out of rough
life month being honest going onto
crusty feet of year they've been brave
okay guys it's time for the moment you
have all been waiting for
mum has just gonna go easy the little
chihuahua Bruno is just chilling some
ways over there and basically it's time
to let the dogs out and put them in to
the ball fall so first starting with
Izzy's here she is she's beautiful she's
absolutely she just she did her in a way
she's all over she's excited I think
she's just got pure adrenaline running
through a vein thinking not a dress on
she's got a dress on he's looking cute
Bruno's good after waiting so busy is
the main but make sure all windows look
good true oh oh look after miss you I'm
gonna find you the shoe oh yah she's
definitely confused owner oh my god not
the face
she smelled me mom to be honest we want
to see her but we don't want to see you
sucking up
there we go there we go that's nice
that's better just easy slow easy in
there five looks a bit Bruno pretty
British hard to get in broke
come over let me get you in oh god yeah
big one too ya gon Bruno Bruno they
be there everything dissolves everywhere
some more
oh look a brooder go Oh everybody died
it'll mean amazing you cannot Bruno oh
hello really oh hello oh I would like to
be Sgt well this is pretty cute isn't it
oh look a lil easy oh look a pronoun
Jesus Ferragamo's Oh Bruno go
look at a girl oh yeah really as long as
on this pencil sewing okay you know
sweet of oh are you go waa waa
oh my god of them go in visit hey hey
there we go
ah he's knocking on bag boy boon is on
the beaners on the phone if I'm a
shoe Wiley how are you Susan will
another charm is work human please bad
he's good oh boy for real noise oh my
God he's so should we go ah ready go
he'll probably nicely in a bowl on my
class we feel really cool blows it every
time on a video and he's just under I
like screw you guys let me fire you
boom oh hey I just taught on my private
part guys this is actually oh my god you
did you get the closet you are a little
fun and Gandhi you want blue yes
Oh mom how do you actually go into this
is a new residential tale
wait I shall like God what the hell this
is actually ridiculous
ah he's a remote one in heaven all do
with it
he's absolutely loving it but why is he
gonna come up times where's he gonna
come oh geez mom she is he was just that
no I gave out on neck Bruno look at it
guys I think it's time Bruno needs to
come out I think I think he's got a
spawn oh if you want to call out those
to be honest book it in use this you
know it your change
do you mind no no
oh man
oh my god is nothing in yourself
and then what I'm saying it looks off
just after our option probably ma'am now
we'll blame out they mouth
oh ma so guys it's just one more thing I
want to do in this ball pit bull just
one more thing
it begins with s and ends in O slow mo
time baby
you never remember to subscribe my
channel
I feel for this reason life
you
