can 1,000 layers of duct tape start my
professional boxing skills are steel
hammer and metal acts my mom's are
finally
watch to the end to find out the
shocking truth so guys it's more than
today we're gonna be making a wall out
of 1000 rolls of duct tape and then
trying to destroy let's do this
oh I think you broke my helmet seriously
no guys as you see we literally spent
hundreds of pounds on rolls of duct tape
we came to the middle of nowhere we're
gonna attach this bookcase to this tree
and then this tree can make a massive
duct-tape wall and what are we gonna do
- after that you'll have to watch him
find out let's do this tree I'm sorry
bro but I got to do it when you try your
best but you don't succeed
oh the challenge starts in free I can't
be bothered to wait for the countdown
guys this choice we can't see because of
the tape Oh
all the way let's go down okay yeah yeah
yeah yeah oh one more thing guys we are
so so so close to five million
subscribers that has been a dream of
mine for literally years if you could
subscribe to the channel right now and
help me that would be amazing
but now we're gonna build a wall Donald
Trump's wall I'm gonna have nothing on
this guy's look at this 30 minutes later
me a momma finally connect oh we've
connected this has got to be one of the
most amazing creations in history and
also we've been rolling the dough tape
for 26 days straight
this exercise I've ever done in my
entire life literally for hours yes four
hours later I present to you the world's
strongest
1,000 layers of solid octane and seeing
us this thing took four hours sweat
tears lies all over our faces me and mum
all ready to destroy now mum
I know you're angry I know you're
furious I know you've just put in four
hours of solid hard work building this
thing and I know you're ready to destroy
it but mum
we need to have a strategy here we need
to be calm I hate it how are we gonna
destroy it I have an idea
mooom I think you're gonna have to bring
out the big guns
sorry Morgan
you're a pathetic young boy boxing you
call that boxing I'll show you what
boxing is we need more on your marks get
set go
oh my gosh it's picking up speed
you know what that's not gonna work mom
we need to take this thing down we can't
let it beat us and you know what I have
the perfect thing to use no even the
baseball
was enough Morgan we've created a
monster no one's gonna be able to
destroy this what have we done we were
the ones who created it do you know what
that means no mum it means we have to be
the ones to destroy it Morgan look at
that you serious
yeah it's my entire like his clone woman
ah now guys I didn't want to have to
bring this next weapon out unless it was
100% necessary the wall is not prepared
for what's about to come you got a gun
yeah mom maybe it will still work
this is embarrassing oh dear we made the
first hole mom admit you are wrong all
right Morgan it wasn't that bad but it's
a good job I brought this one what the
hole we're about to set up a level guys
this next weapon is the most crazy one
yeah look that tiny little hammer this
thing ain't tiny it's made out of solid
aluminium but it's so small and the wall
is so big Morgan I don't think that's
gonna do anything
well Morgan you've lares down again but
it's a good job I'm friends with Thor
I'm not really sure
I'll just throw anything I want to
destroy five four three two
mm I don't suppose you know any more
superheroes dear mama the games are
officially over what are you doing now
what is it
oh my word Morgan are you okay I'm
sorting kinda you know he were possessed
I was so scared
are you okay mama I don't know what
happened either it felt like something
deep inside me changed like I snapped
almost like I just got a big slap in the
face and I just went crazy
well milk and that's like really
interested oh my gosh Wow whoa oh my
gosh
Oh
I will destroy this wall I brought you
into this world and I'm gonna take you
out of it Morgan I'm stuck
you suddenly don't seem very
intimidating anymore well mom I guess
that only leaves me one choice guys
we've tried hummus
we've tried pitchforks we've tried nerve
blasters
we've tried baseball bats we've tried
running at it we've tried boxing and
that leaves us with only a few more
options we are down to the last weapon
now and you best believe we saved the
best until last
if you're not already subscribed to the
channel subscribe right now we need all
the good look we can get boys and girls
I present to you
Wow Wow
you nearly cut my leg off oh my god
oh no the car oh no you're good the
entire phone that I can't absolutely
destroy it oh god oh the camera let me
go and see well no you don't say side of
me Morgan I want to go another camera
mom I'm sorry I didn't mean to hit the
car Morgan I've only got one thing to
say to you mum please don't kick me out
please don't hurt me you've actually
given me a really good idea ride the car
through and destroy it I'm not blaming
you for what's to stop and I'm blaming
base it's not your fault
you told me shrills wants me to do this
we're about to put a Range Rover up
against the world's strongest duct-tape
war guys this is the moment you have all
been waiting for
throughout this entire video I need
every one of you to comment below right
now and put your predictions will the
car go proof or will the duct-tape wall
live forever let's find out okay Oh guys
she's ready we're about to see if a
duct-tape wall
can stop a moving car hey guys
oh my gosh how did you think I was here
what did you do on purpose because the
car the people are waiting we need to
show them if the car will destroy the
wall mum do you have any idea what we're
about to do no idea can 1,000 layers of
duct tape stop a moving car oh my gosh
oh my gosh
one of the scariest things I have ever
done I dare even look at my car well mom
at least we got the answer nothing can
stop the Ranger just before you go guys
please go down there and smash that
subscribe button I said at the start we
are this close to five million
subscribers and your help to get there
would mean so much to me I'm doing crazy
stuff like this all the time guys and if
you're already subscribed you're missing
I've been bored you guys have been
awesome and I'll see you in my piece
