would you mind just saying subscribe to
mold is okay down the camera
subscribe to mold subscribe to mold
subscribe hey yeah yeah Amy happy
birthday to me hello guys I'm welcome
back to another video and today is my
freakin birthday
woo another day another destroyed hotel
room destroyed bed destroyed just
destroyed just - just just stuff
everywhere just met smells look at this
when you talk about leaving a bathroom
clean you know hotels I bet they'll just
love us well yeah guys today is actually
my birthday and my plan for today was
literally just going to be going home
and not really doing much because you
guys know spend the day a YouTube event
yesterday however what I'm going to do
is roll to the YouTube event for the
second day even though I haven't even
said I'm going I'm just going to
surprise my friends that are there turn
up roll up for my birthday it's going to
be good guys so yeah let's let's get
let's get this let's get this vlog on
the way yo Adil rock paper scissor drive
if I win you have to ask people to sub
to my channel alright if I win then you
have to okay okay okay oh hey wait what
I don't Schubert much - um that's it
okay rock paper scissor Rock Paper
Scissors welcome people to do hey would
you mind just saying subscribe to mold
just okay down the camera subscribe to
molds subscribe to morgues subscribe hey
yeah yeah let me excuse me
mr. driver I have a proposition and off
the foyer I will give you five stars and
all you have to do is repeat one
sentence
subscribe to Moore's subscribed mugs so
is oh you know I do but what yo we just
pulled into storm in the city can I just
say yo he's absolutely smashing it
cheers bro thanks bro oh yeah we've got
the Adele we've got this way we've got
the Moors
we've got the Custer i'ma go get a drink
ha ha well he just got me like 1 million
a to dis lies on the video for that way
old on 2 million dislikes 3 million this
way 4 million dislikes so I'm just how
here meeting a few people I turn around
what do I see she's got the merch she's
got a mood show y'all where can we find
it there you go
link in the description thank you very
much this idea is a legend
Oh
just man a blue bunch more people but
here the two last ones know what he
needed you do sit down honey
no shout out to these two frickin
legends right here right so there's this
thing in some in the city right where
you can get any photo printed onto a
coaster one of these things like first
of all oh bloody actually use as a
coaster I don't know suffer on here just
go with a really nice photos what's good
for that map alright so yeah these two
ago we get a really nice beautiful
photos get ready for mine because I
think mine just takes the cake oh my god
oh my god it is not not the best coat
that you have ever seen y'all so we
gained our own VIP dodgem and obviously
you know the vloggers gotta come with
taking my camera on no food which is
allowed or not but I was Jesus I don't
know where I'm gonna put my camera here
okay this is harder so this is much
harder for I got Jesus Christ
oh no why I'm nervous oh my god oh Jesus
Oh
we can climb the something plus
oh Jesus Christ oh my god
oh I thought in the wrong way I'm doing
it yo that has a lot on the move
they're putting people everywhere no
right so you guys know it kind of like a
tradition for me to always get a cool
line refresh you want to go to Starbucks
literally the best drink going I've just
bought her one first time trying it
what'd you think
II thought you realize I did yeah this
frickin good another line is choking
good
okay so we've just came out to get food
right I'm not even joking take a bloody
look at this sign up here oh boy oh all
and then over here what we got
that actually wrote thank you right so
we've just we've just checked into our
hotel right basically we're on the
eighth floor top floor geez guys I tell
you I've actually never been top of the
hotel in my freakin life are we moving
you're not that oh no I didn't I got a
Michi this is a bloody nightmare okay
hold up yo some good music this okay
ladies and gentlemen I know what you're
all asking for like now you ask him more
are you going to show us this bloody
room or not and you guys know I got you
covered
anything 14 morgues hey not so fast
yeah the bathroom I just know is the
pathway we actually built in to the
frickin room what yeah you got one sink
then I still have one we've got loads of
oh my god oh my god we got some body
lotion we've got some body lotion
because the makeup tutorial with it yes
yeah yeah let's do it
guys drop a like if you're on a makeup
tutorial Club has to be very interested
in it they got old toilet
cold shower and then we've got the good
old coffee which I want be drinking and
I'm gonna sorry I'll take a water I'm
actually dying moving on
round here here we go ladies and
gentlemen eight for big you look at that
okay okay
I can't Lee tell to the reflection but
yeah unfortunately no balcony but don't
think they'll be able to getting photos
from the happy Louisville yeah we've got
a pretty grand spanking view but yeah
here we go double bed got a TV we've got
a freaking desk we've got a random
keyboard the key that the TV has a
keyboard what type of technologies this
is Lauren this is a crazy creative one
of these days creates a world these days
and then you've got a particular table
and a radio but for real if you listens
to radios anymore whoo I don't care who
listens to radios anymore brah who
listens to radios anymore bro the TV's
got a keyboard and we've got a buddy
radio in the yeah I showed that radio
and yeah yo this is what we're saying
guy you're not too bad not too bad this
was only like 100 pound the last few
rooms have been like 300 and they've
been like the exact same as this but
yeah smashed it boys very very nice room
five minutes later right guys I know
you're probably a little bit confused
right now but it's the next day and what
I'm doing is I've came out obviously and
basically Dallas said to me they've got
me a little bit of a special present and
you know what I would explain ship I
think it's best we give dad to turn a
spotlight all right because I'm very
concerned about this I have no clue what
it is and he's been hyping it off like
it's some kind of like Diamond jewel in
there or something so you know big
downloads and take the center spotlight
yeah it's just a nice little bit of some
food made by a local Sheffield company
never what were you saying about is like
him got something embroidered you know
sauce it's got happen so basically the
item has got your logo your
Mahesh logo link in the description mhm
merch get it right now yes it's got your
logo on it and user is a bespoke made so
it's made specifically the yo-yo yo-yo
yo-yo can we cut the big word please I'm
struggling mr. Sok specifically that's
just for you oh wow by day so are we
ready
should we do it let's go to morgues
happy birthday Walter and then Maria
yeah I'm Maria by the way we got some
cards got some cards breathe my yeah I
can read them I'm joking - I'm joking
don't have a big bro not unreasonably
I'm expecting is this all for a diamond
bracelet
it's not a downline ring necklace so
documenting what happens no diamonds at
all
can we get the going all yelling here he
goes each other
- oh ok I'm pretty height now I'm pretty
high now I'm pretty hot now he goes oh
oh damn oh wow basically yeah yeah for
the voice mode out why that's twisted
stainless steel so it's made by a
Sheffield coming out of stainless steel
and Sheffield famous for being not very
good hello its famous but it's still and
being not very good no I'm kind of
liking this but I think I service ah now
it's a special way of opening it right
ok
I've cut out you haven't oh you want
well don't cracked it but don't
underestimate me baby cereal you got 5
million ho ho boys and girls there we go
buddy snazzy da so yeah bro what we
saying guys you got a comment down below
what long seen done well you've got your
thing as well you can pick your color
and there is a gold one and we all know
you
Gold you like gold in your hair you like
gold around your neck
I do like color on my mat and you like
gold in your hair if it said that one
already know you like gold in your hair
yep okay and you like gold on your
t-shirt yeah I don't matter they go and
I'm expecting to get a gold tooth notes
actually that are loaded right guys days
where we are good at this video if
you've enjoyed do you know what to do go
down there and smash a thumbs up on the
video and if yeah I'm going to subscribe
first of all what the hell are you
playing at you've watched till the end
like any other subscribe I'm
disappointing you so go around there
slash the subscriber and smash the like
bone and also get the merchandise is
heist fresh and it's out right now link
in the description guys thanks also to
watching and as always I've been more
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video
one one final question Morgan before you
learn this video can you remember where
my birthday was remember what month it
was first can you remember that
and it Cheerilee was June what what day
have been teens ring about yeah yeah
yeah I nearly two months ago we can
agree that can be yeah 18 months ago
could I ask you a question
yeah when are we going to present it's
on its way
where am i game my guys and we'll see
it's on its way
where am I getting my present hold tight
guys did I so much for watching I see
you in the next one proof somehow
enjoyed this video remember to subscribe
to my channel I don't forget to me
tonight if you have a good feeling
thanks for watching means I have to
