hello guys and today this is one of the
most random thoughts ever but how
similar does pranking time sound to
Frankenstein know hi that just came to
my head anyway guys today we're gonna be
doing the tic-tac in pill bottle prank
and you may be thinking Morgan you're
being quite loud right now
well I'm in the studio and that means
mom you can't hear me hole in my left
hand I have three balls of Tic Tacs
wait hold on that's my that's my that's
my right hand probably should have
dropped out of school in my right hand I
have three tubs of Tic Tacs
and in my left hand as you can see I
have an empty pill bottle right here do
you kind of see where this is going
today what I'm gonna be doing it's
filling this empty pill bottle with Tic
Tacs and then drinking the entire ball
in front of my mom to make her think
that I am literally downing pills and if
you don't know already
darling pills is bad very very bad now
guys if you're new to my channel and
this is the first time you've seen my
face on your screen firstly hello my
name is Morgan and secondly go down
there and smash that subscribe button to
join tea mugs and I currently have a
giveaway going on right now for a brand
new iPhone 7 which is ending in like the
next week if you're going to that after
this video go down to the description
and click the link and there you can see
all the different ways you can enter for
guys let me give you a few more details
on how this prank is gonna go down
because it's going down so I've been
quite ill today I'm just like
all over the coal has been in bed most
of today just feeling a little bit sick
and I told mom this when she came into
my room early because she asked me why
I've been in bed all day and I said
because I was ill now I'm gonna use that
to my advantage because basically I'm
gonna go into the kitchen I'm gonna set
up a camera and I'm gonna say to her I
need to get some painkillers and if you
don't already actually I don't know why
the hell you would know this we usually
keep our painkillers in this pill bowl
obviously as you can tell offended them
all right now but wanted to do actually
Mason I just do it now I'm gonna ask you
these into there and then literally to
found them right in front of mom and she
should free the hell out I used to have
these like vitamin tablet things and one
day I took like two or three of them
which I thought that's the amount we
should take a month freaked out at me
for taking that many imagine what she's
gonna do when I drink an entire ball
she's gonna go mental
so guys be sure to watch all the way
till the end of this video because the
reaction we're gonna get I already know
it's gonna be inked what I'm saying
incredible but it's gonna be like
mommy's gonna freak the hell out
basically no guys if you have any more
pranks in mind for the prank wars and
you guys know what to do leave them in
the comment section below
because I'm always on the lookout for
new pranks to do what mom and I think
she's always on the lookout for wants to
do to me however you guys know I'm the
prank King like I can't be prized except
for that one time when she when she did
prank me but we don't have to talk about
that no guys from the first step to this
prank is to fill this bowl with the Tic
Tacs so that's exactly what I'm gonna do
right now or fresh pocket get ready get
ready get ready
oh no no they're not coming out no just
just not coming out are they
right well it's not the best start oh
there we go there we go I've cracked it
I've cracked it boys and girls I've
cracked it oh there we go ladies and
gentlemen
oh no it was all it was all it was all
it Oh God Oh okay there it is I got it I
got it oh my god there is Tic Tacs
literally all over the floor I'm gonna
have to go beat them up after the video
because you guys know we can't be
wasting food hey guys as you can see
we've got the pill filled with Tic Tacs
bottle what were you guys to do is leave
a light on this video if you're on Team
malls and if you think this prank is
gonna go down and also I need good luck
so go down there and smash that like
button look guys
basically what I'm gonna do right now is
go upstairs and get this prank underway
guys I'm gonna do my best to sell this
hidden camera I'm hoping this is gonna
go down well I just said tapa life a
good look subscribe if you're new I'm
kind of choking on the tip cock right
now
guys subscribe if you're new leave a
like on the video and let's do this
I just remembered guys I'm gonna have to
go into the kitchen right now and plant
the take that bottle in the place which
it usually is without us seeing that
okay wish me luck for that I'm gonna
coach you I know how five minutes later
okay guys the pills have been plundered
successfully it's been about five
minutes since I went in and planted them
I literally went in and got a glass of
water then went straight back out now
I'm gonna go in with the camera get the
camera set up and we're gonna get this
whole prank going on so excited guys for
you - oh let's do this
oh yes earlier still faster this feel
really rundown just some toast got
something like that if you feel a bit
like it's a toaster oven rose just
softened like toast and just something I
like or anything
even though I'm just getting bit a book
more than if you feel like you've got
some you know you've got her day you
feel a bit hot
basically I my buddy I used to get all
tired but like it feels terrible to that
I in ages you need sort of the toilet
awesome we estimate a blows oh it's the
memo and then a couple now a minute and
then we should see if it helps a bit to
know if two of you were up to now and
then see how it goes and then we'll up
some more in a little bit I'll pretty
soon I've got another leg down on your
better nothing some more awesome
I'm just go through it alright that's
not working in a bear and then just
you're doing the right thing you've just
drink loads of water running too much
pain seriously too much
I feel terrible
what are you doing Morgan
you stupid it's not right I was just
come down it's just me just me just me
oh my god you go you go you go just me
just me
whoa I thought you mean I thought your
ad that you've been drinking
Oh something because you're not actually
normal oh I wasn't taking off with all
that I'm surprised you weren't even more
the first time you'd even see me did you
know stop trying to pick a t-shirt with
it because I plum in my mouth and I was
like hold on why isn't she doing
anything did you actually not see me
doing anyway I'm not even happy so I'm
going cuz it's not bad to keep
practicing moonlight no mom I have one
question for you views the king same old
is the king come on come on come on mom
I know you think you're funny Morgan
Burt I'm thinking about lots of things
I'm going to be doing back to you wait
what what did you say everything you've
done to me I'm gonna do back to you but
worse I'm not gonna loan it to my
Chunnel
when I get my channel what did you say
you're gonna prank me on your channel
wait wait so you're making a channel
then yeah your hundred percent sure yeah
did you read what sir but I've on said
you shouldn't make one more everybody my
channels gonna kick off pretty soon and
the first thing that's gonna go on it
it's just gonna be a prank so that I
know when you're gonna make this channel
was very soon of God is scared right now
no I'm having desperate second thoughts
about how Akane councilman's channel
and bill you want to be a monster it's
pretty bad this then morgue and save
just in a horrible prank on me how it
was going
you can stop me ordering some clothes
which I was going to see save you some
money I actually feel quite relieved now
why now if you're hooking on the bright
side and I didn't have to take its
hospital and sit in A&E with you for a
few hours some quietly there is one
thing that we haven't done yet
the everyone's waiting for the
requirements after you get pranked
repeat after me I Jill Watson
I killed Wilson have just been pranked
I've just been pranked by the king of
pranks louder by the king of pranks and
even though I'm making a channel soon
and even though I'm making a channel
soon even when it comes even when it
comes the pranks will not be as good as
morges no the pranks will not be as good
as maul dirt the pranks will be better
than more bull guys that's why I'm gonna
end this video another successful prime
for team molds of course because that's
how we do it however team mom suppose
they've been let down to this video but
she is gonna make a channel soon so
we'll see what happens there look out
for mom's channel is gonna be coming
very very soon sooner than you things
guys once again if you're new to a
channel why are you doing go down there
and subscribe to the channel right now
and pick you side is it gonna be team
logs or is it gonna be team norm I think
all the girls will come on my team y'all
girls don't don't go on a team don't do
it don't do it girls guys thank you so
much for watching go topside get some
merch if you haven't already the link
will be down there
and then to the iPhone 7 giveaway the
link to enter will be in the description
below along with obviously all the other
stuff thank you so much for watching and
as always I've been the pranking she's
been the the pranker the prank oh that's
been pranked the pranking the pranky Oh
Branca that's been proud the pranked
well you guys have been awesome and
we'll see you in our next video
breathe out if you enjoyed the video
remember to subscribe to mugsy's channel
and don't forget to leave a like if you
have a big penis
thank you watching inside how to
