she'll fit in here you're wonderful
going crazy it's just a gentle calm
College to do this is it out are you
crying it's not there's nothing driving
coyote molds and welcome back to another
video but hold on a minute guys today's
video is going to be a lot more creepy
now currently right now is 10 p.m. me
and mom have just finished recording a
QA she's upstairs right now getting
ready for bed however what she doesn't
know is the free a.m. tonight she is
going to get the biggest scare of her
life
ladies and gentlemen I'm going to be
taking the traditional scare prank to a
whole new level
I'm going in
I'm on a ball there we go alright you
got a bird I'm going to just wash my
face into tally I'll finish washing
there do enjoyed our filming you know
got out it's fun yeah you know felt bit
bastard a beautiful name no I just like
also goodnight I know it Charlie
look you one little oh nice loop all
right there tomorrow so as you guys know
at the moment I've been laying low on
the whole prank wars thing it's not I've
run out of price it's just that I have
been feeling generous I've been letting
mom or however as you know today is the
day that that changes for good now over
the past week I've been thinking and
I've been thinking hard what brands can
I do on mum that will truly change the
whole game up I was sat there like hmm
hmm and then it came to me I am still
yet to do a late night prank on mum and
I thought with the whole 3 a.m. trend on
YouTube how about I what combine the two
oh yes it's going down now guys just
before we continue with a video if
you're new to my channel and you haven't
seen my face on your screen remember to
go down there and smash that subscribe
or enjoying tea mugs and also
I'm feeling like today we should smash a
really really high like gold I don't
know if you guys have noticed but it's
been ages since I've actually set a
light goal on one of these videos so
today I'm gonna come in with a big one
come with mash fifty thousand likes on
this video I'm calling all the team
walls out there go down smash that big
thumbs up subscribe if you're new well
guys what I'm going to do is come back
to one at 3 a.m. and I'm going to
discuss with you the prank that we're
going to be actually doing today
I'll see you when it's 3 a.m. yo so guys
just like that is now like 2 a.m.
actually hold on a minute bro hold on a
minute
2:36 a.m. yo I am freaking tired one
thing I'm sure you guys know about being
a youtuber your sleep pattern is never
normal so yeah as you can tell I'm awake
right now and I really don't know why I
just said that like obviously you can
see I'm awake like why did I need to say
that and guys what I'm going to do right
now is basically run you through how
this prank is going to go down and trust
me it's going down okay so I'm gonna
have to watch kind of my voice levels a
little bit right now but what I'm gonna
do is basically look around my house and
try and form the scariest outfit I
possibly can I've got some scary masks
downstairs like I never never want to go
downstairs I'm I'm kind of scared
well yeah basically guys I'm a dress up
in something scary I'm gonna sneak into
mums room very mind it's so lay right
now and she ain't got the same sleeping
pad as me like she that she'll stay
awake late like me but yeah guys I
genuinely cannot wait for this I am like
I've got a feeling this one is going to
be the biggest prank yet because I have
no clue how she's going to react guys
it's so late right now
I think her initial reaction is going to
think that someone's actually broken
into the house and that is one of the
biggest fears now I have kind of been
planning this prank for a while for a
reason now mom believe or not it's
actually a strong believer of the
paranormal and all ghosts and that stuff
so that just helps me with this prank
like she's probably gonna think some of
that too so yeah guys what we're going
to do right now is basically try and
find the scariest outfit I possibly can
you know what let's get some frickin
lies on because it's pretty damn dark
I've just been chilling for the past
two hours but yeah let's see what we got
in the wardrobe right now as you can
tell I'm just rocking this white t-shirt
which ain't really very intimidating is
it I think basically what I'm going to
try and do is just dress in all black so
I'm going to keep on these jeans
probably take off the heart I don't know
if I hats really that intimidating but
yeah let's see what we've got in the
wardrobe let's see what black clothes
I've got oh okay
okay nice black long t-shirt you know
that's pretty scary put that on there
and talking about scary meet my new
friend guys we haven't been formally
introduced
now I asked you guys on Twitter to send
in games for this bear and it's
basically going to be the new mascot of
the channel so are you ready for his
name his name is clickbait the bear his
name is clickbait the bear so yeah this
is plea-based official official like
hello to the channel I mean he's going
to be in all the video is basically like
my only friends so yeah this is
clickbait guys I hope you're happy to
drive in there on the channel but you
know what it's pretty late clickbait
that's why I'm gonna let me let me let
me get you like let me get you tucked
into bedroom
there we go goodnight clickbait okay I'm
kind of getting off topic but yeah
outfit change in three two one
yo be honest with me guys am i looking a
little bit more intimidating hold up
we've got the black t-shirt we've got
the black jacket we've got the black
jeans this top has even got sleeves over
the hands like I have gone all out with
this frickin prank however there's one
thing which kind of gives away its me
the one thing that you're all probably
looking at right now I'm thinking that
looks really really stupid my freaking
hair and that is where the mask comes
into it let's go downstairs guys to the
studio and check what masks we've got
but just before that guys once again if
you're new to the channel remember to go
down there and smash the subscribe
button for more extreme pranks just like
this but guys I'm not gonna waste your
time anymore let's get this whole thing
started
okay I think rather danger zone she can
definitely not hear me when I'm down
here oh man well that just isn't creepy
that I hate going down there at night
it's pretty creepy and don't even laugh
at me I don't care what you've got to
say okay so I'm down here in the studio
just turn the lights on and had a look
around
I found a few were the masks right
basically here are some of the ones I
have the first one I have is this
freaking evil walking bunny like tell me
right now
darling the creepiest thing you've ever
seen I can't see a cop doing is
literally car oh man I took on some
sugar okay okay okay okay it's a little
bit what do you think is it scary enough
I'm not sure let's come back let's check
the other guys what we're saying about
this one I think this one is probably
the best yet because I can actually see
out of this one which is obviously good
I'm just going through the mirror oh my
god oh my god imagine fewer if you're in
bed and you wake up and you see this
face y'all I think I'm gonna stick with
this one guys tell me what you think
right now so if you saw me like this in
your house would it scare you there's
one more thing up in signs which may add
something so I'm not gonna lie guys I
think that's pushing it a little bit I
think we should just stick with our is
to be like this yo I tell you what oh my
god it is hot under that mask I'm going
to take off brim enable guys I think
we're all set to go oh my god guys let's
go back upstairs and just get freakin
set up let's finish this whole thing off
okay guys I'm back upstairs now as you
can tell and I think it's time we get
this whole thing started
I'm ready I think I'm finally ready guys
one more time smash a like on video
right now if you're excited comment team
morgg's because you guys you better be
on team modes because after this prank
there's only going to be one team that's
went in and it ain't going to be team
mom but guys I'm going to get the mask
on right now now I'm going to get this
thing started three two one let's do
this okay guys
here we go
we did you
I know issue I can tell us you are
amazing really works we do long way
others do and you Jim know wonderful go
away that's crazy many just nation
just a gentle to do is you say come on
it's just a joke stupid thing to do
Holly was just a prank was just a joke
why are you crying is what was not in
joining nothing's wrong whopper crying I
just remember the stupid mask on come on
come on please tell me you're joking
you're gonna get me going
I'm cool so obvious joke just a joke
alright just a general way now it's
nothing all much done revenge prank no
you are Monday oven the oven just I'm
not young just or not yeah you scared me
but then I scared you you don't have any
idea how bad I felt we called you
generally don't hit me I'd probably come
without everything calm made me feel
like Dylan bro I said only he's just on
that yeah you just say no because you
work on you don't may feel bad I love
chopped I'm scared mom you don't you
don't know how bad I feel right now
well always wear the little convention
thing down but I feel bad that you'll
feel bad when you've come in at 3
o'clock in the morning and scared the
hell outta me so Chima see so we call a
cry on video I've never even seen you
I've seen cry like once you've never
cried on time you've never ever cried
I've I ended this prank like worse than
you
a very naughty boy and you need to think
about what you do people do get revenge
on you you know but like you know
usually after we've been pranked
you're like I'm gonna get revenge on you
you better watch out you scam revenge on
who here like you've been pranked worse
well I felt scared for a bit so that was
pretty I was telling myself I didn't
wanna do because obviously I thought I'd
have to scrap the video because you were
climbing I put the camera down and
everything I just stopped I can't
believe that you genuinely had me almost
crying when you say smiling about it go
out now don't see how will you gonna a
little remember we can all creep into
each other's bedroom at night with funny
muffs on Conway oh okay I'm gonna leave
you to it but I don't know that Colby's
you don't know droid that project that's
so bad Wow well that video didn't
exactly go to plan did it like oh my god
I stayed up till 3:00 a.m. admittedly I
probably would have anyway
well yes sorry if the recording wasn't
too good while I was up there like I put
the camera down and everything because
I'm fully just thought I was going to
just obviously just scrap the video and
just like I didn't know what to do
because I don't really feel right
recording my mum crying on camera now
and it turns out the entire freaking
time she was obviously just pulling it
on I mean obviously I did scour don't
get me wrong it wasn't like a prank
completely gone wrong I did still
destiny she did so John Byrne run up
into the toilet but I think that was
when she said like you know I'm a milk
that I'm a stop cried and I don't think
she'd have actually cried but yeah guys
once again if you're new to my channel
remember to go down there and smash that
subscribe button more crazy pranks like
this one
and while you down there smash a like on
the video turn on notifications by
clicking the bell and finally check out
my brand new merchandise which is out
right now we've got t-shirts we've got
hoodies with our hearts we've got
everything join team or get your merch
guys thank you so much for the support
at the moment and thank you all so much
for watching this video guide as always
I've involved you guys been awesome I'm
going to go back to bed because I am
actually dying right now but guys I'll
see you in the next video which will
obviously be tomorrow
60m because it's 6 p.m. every day let's
do this
guys thank y'all so much for watching
and as always I've been mauled you've
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video Prust
oh it is dread the video remember to
subscribe
magis channel and don't forget to really
like if you have a big penis thanks for
watching do you sigh houses
