sighs you know a little while ago I went
to stay and watch them for like wing
night I got like a few days ago and
basically I left my by giving of the
Train and then on the freakin train I
left I mean it could be on someone
else's bheemanna
not happy about this coyote molds and
welcome back to another video 6 p.m.
every day let's do this now you probably
sat there like morgues you big blonde
booger 1s are you going to be doing
today yo I highly doubt any of you are
actually thinking abut if you were
shoutout to you well ladies and
gentlemen what do you ask because right
now I'm off to get my hair cool after
loads of abusing the conversation I
decided it's finally time I shave it all
off guys I'm links we're just going to
go skinheads like I promise you I'm
heading off to the hairdresser's right
now transition in 3 2 1 all right guys
I'm by doing right now before I show you
what I've done just promise me that you
won't laugh I promise me basically I
decided to go through with it and get
all my hair cut off completely skinhead
guys I can't believe it Oh guys I can't
live actually did it I don't even know
if I want to show you much you guys are
just going to roast me forever I don't
have any hair anymore man I look like a
freaking egg ok 3 2 1 hey did I get ya
know I get ya did I get ya I tell you no
one's safe from the pranks oh yeah guys
new haircut looking clean feeling clean
feeling gauze dressing the team moulds
merge link in the description also the
sale is still on for the brand new mhm
hat so pick one of these while you can
well yeah guys if this is the first time
you've seen me on your screen before
thank you for that car I really
appreciate it I don't want to see that
car around here ever again if you new to
the channel my name is more this is the
team one house okay don't really what
I'm talking about right now guys if
you're new remember to go down there and
that subscribe button to join to moles
and also go down there link in the
description get your team world's most
right now anyway today's vlog is going
to be awesome let me let me forget tell
you about it bro
basically right now it's like 6 o'clock
yes you'd think it'd be like early in
the morning but if you know me you'll
know I don't have a normal sleeping
pattern bro in about five minutes
daddy's coming round and meaning am I
going out we go in fricking Bolin bro
because who does a lot of the game of
bowling and we may even stop up at the
arcade and see if we can win some more
Teddy's because you guys know me I love
my friggin Teddy's but anyway what's
going to see more oh-ho-ho
mum's on the phone I'm gonna do
everything I can to disrupt whoever
she's on the phone with oh yeah no like
so rude
go to your room now when Mom did you
just say did you say nice hat Morgan's
not go to you oh yeah I'm pretty sure I
said nice hot Morgan then yes or did you
say nice t-shirt Morgan with a on
ice you sure nice nice Bofur nice wait
mom I'll go where I'll leave you if you
say where they can get these hats
Andy t-shirts www.movinon.com for real
guys I genuinely have one of the biggest
announcements I've ever made on the
channel coming up and while I'm home
Tommy's got girlfriends oh my god I'm so
proud of you no no no girlfriend no no
no I'm going to let you tell them what
the big announcement is I got a switch
there poor girl already goes I may have
a week so freaking Twitter after you
will is literally begging me make one at
Widowmaker estructure I made the first
step and mom is now a Twitter user I'm
Big Chill citizen
kid at Jill Hudson and guys as you may
be able to tell I didn't make her
profile for I picked the bio I picked up
Anna and the picture and I'm going to
show you right now
glad you can tell us is up big Jill
Hudson there is a profile photo oh no it
does not just what new April the big ice
cream John a reason to buy a warm an
amazing little subscribers all hail the
Queen but more what was your first win
it was an alien bitches the queen of
YouTube is a yes yes guys you actually
heard that right so um how many
followers have you got on this brand-new
Twitter under 28 but mom how many do you
want to have by the time this video is
out oh gosh specimens by phone yeah she
wants 5,000 followers guys there'll be a
link in the description go down there
with as many followers as he can because
mom we finally got a Emma don't owe me
do guys link in the description doo de
doo dodoo dodoo dodoo dodoo did digit
killer moon dudududududududu okay guys
so basically right now dad is on the way
to come pick me up because we go and as
you know falling I'm going to get some
food too however that is not the only
place we're going now you published that
they're reading the title thinking more
like when you're going to talk about
this and basically right now I'm going
to fill you guys in so as you know a
little while ago I went to stay in
London for like three night I got like a
few days ago and basically I left my
Yeezys on the train on the freakin train
I left them and basically I remembered
this last night at like 10:00 p.m. when
it was too late and the Train places
were all short
now basically coming back from that trip
I had two bags I had one bag which has
almost often which was absolutely huge
imagine a suitcase it was like that size
I'm not even joking which out of box
this size in it was I said this one is
for some other uses so yeah that was
just like a carrier bag and I got on the
train coming back from London I kept my
big bag around my feet so I could get my
stuff out and I put that bag on the
space above the Train and yes you
probably know what happened from that
basically I just got
off the train and left it forgot about
it completely now you may be wondering
what type of idiot gets new shoes and
then leaves them two days after it
wasn't actually my new easy these ones
are fine right here thing is when I
bought these eases I actually wore them
straight away and swapped the other
years I was wearing for them and put
them shoes in the box at these Caymans
now the users I was wearing and the
users I lost are the black and red ones
which are worth like $1000
coincidentally I actually checked how
much they were worth when I went to the
shop to buy these and they were actually
1,900 on freaking out about this trust
me I freaking am but I'm trying to keep
it inside bro try to keep ourselves
together bro
now this fingers on to what me and dad
are going to do about this basically me
and him are going to go to Sheffield
train station and see if they're there
we have no quiz but they're just good
rules where the Train ended so hopefully
someone found them and took them and put
them in like lost property or something
however someone could have stolen them
borrow same first class so I highly
doubt someone from first class would
have stolen them but for all I know that
could be in someone's freaking house
right now we're on someone else's feet
babies could be on someone else's feet
much not happy about this
well yeah done is loose we just pulled
up outside this log is either going to
go really happy or really sad because
the first stop is the train station
we're going to see if they have my eases
and if they don't I am NOT Zeinab happy
well guys I don't even know what to say
drop a like to give me some good look
and subscribe to give me some good logs
because I need I need some freaking good
look right now that eyes like the number
one thing I need but guys I'll see you
very very shortly okay we're just in the
car in Sheffield right now pulling up to
the train station dad is Lizzie just ask
me how do you freaking leave like shoes
on a train I think if I was in a rush
get off the train so I wasn't getting
off to the last stop and I had my huge
bag and then it is so easy when you have
a big bag and then to have a little one
I just forgot it was on the top and I
don't know yo son cuz just the thing is
bro and biggest good news we told them
we told them what they were and they say
they think they've got some big I was
like
loads and loads bike don't kill my mood
bro why you gotta kill my mood bro by
the way mom just hit 1000 followers on
Twitter
he had 4,000 she's got 1000 actually no
she's got 1,100 now mom's Twitter's
popping off dad you think she's gonna
overtake you probably yeah
oh that must be hard my jaws for like
five months she's others were like a
dangers probably gravitate you like like
a child well shut up Roger I'll be a
look of a shoes right so dad boy going
on may come to the busiest place on the
planet Jesus all honking side it Road
and everything so what we're doing now
there when I'm not going bold so we all
after every third somewhere altitude
they don't become the height Dajjal
we're doing we going for food so well
and then we're coming back we're going
bowling so I can kick your ass just
being fit enough to traffic down another
what fun I know I don't know if I am all
starters are here dad what we say what
we say what we say in where you got your
nice well you got bro you're contenders
is that weed I just
Wow guys taste test
bye guys we'll stop being so on seven
out of ten right there I died I've got
nothing for you right you willing to
hear me out okay hear me out
it's gonna be bad how about okay what
Paper Scissors is if you win then I'll
do the forfeit if I win
could you do the forfeit John know what
the forfeit is basically get that straw
put it in that guacamole and drink it
are you willing go you give me go
well you might wait I might wait and
then you have to do it ah okay okay come
on then okay well both business roll-ups
cake with scissors ha oh my god those
double is oh oh you are gonna go that
ha ha ha ha
oh no disgusting
to adjust for the VIP lane literally it
was like a hound extra one-pound extra
blows one pound and yet it's literally
just a normal bowl in waiting with a
curtain rail and let us see that
literally hit you may abound extra and
you get their seats but yeah we've done
it anyway you need to lose what for the
first time ever shuttle broke I'm going
to try my best and you know what John
Cena says yusei's never give up that I
may have lost here about 20 times what
today will be the first guys comment
down below a team old 14 that let's do
it are you ready
let us do it let's do it oh here we go
there we go there we go there we go
move hey stop well I say it's not too
bad is not bad doc I don't know I think
they're my boys boys
oh this one Seymour
look at this dude look at his head I'm
sorry Olin
every now and again you know the real
genius is arrived we'll take shortcut
into sickness wait a minute no very
morning away oh oh oh oh god oh oh oh
I'm pulling bike I don't want in the end
everyoneís all mine I feel like hundred
fifty girls killed over 75 yes yes
that's right
75 and that was with a spare and a
strike on the left edge who are you
really going to believe you're going to
believe that lying old model the honest
person I am you guys know me I never lie
what the hell have you got my money is
my money
guys it's time for another grab a
machine 1v1 first guy to win a toy win
oh no way Oh
mine alone I'm actually really good what
mobile oh I am actually cloak I'm
actually cooking from back there all the
way forward
I like the doing bigger than I was
saving up for me oh my god oh so
beautiful
Oh pity a misers get him closing closer
this is oz7 go summer like that I salute
to my lord the other day we sent 30
pounds to get around that would have
been 2 pounds guys you will not believe
what just happened I'd show him
especially felony if you messed you
still no mo no to do new handsome no
he'll hit it oh my god oh oh my god
what'd I do
oh my god oh oh yeah yeah true how
many pounds like 10 is less today I
would be like what was the long bond in
Bordeaux I don't even care
I'm just going to take the profit rather
have an actual genuine prophet like
these are like 15 pound each there's an
actual profit like when do you ever get
that guys we now have five of these guys
actually like nice thick my going times
the next challenge basically it's a
basketball rematch week whenever go
whoever gets the most wins obviously
guys comment down below team morgue
right the merch or team - whenever
you're ready
oh my god I always always do know I got
one hour gasps oh jeez Oh like we're
doing are you doing it doing it that or
you know unless are you doing it just
six five four three
- 135 35 they go well experiment 26
which we got last time I will it times
me a B it oh you know on my ball so far
no pressure broke fix you can fix having
a nightmare dad not of the nightmare are
so skillful as well so elegant
Oh coming back coming back
are you River look at it going I can get
down oh yeah yes boys dad how does that
make you feel I'm thinking you at the
grabber I beat you at bowling I feel it
yeah whoa mariga's would soon become the
way here holder way when we will go whoa
bowling you got boy no no grab I got
boys well I got point that to one to one
okay we have water game like bowling oh
no no boys to me just you did to you in
the second 32 - so you know what I mean
a little algae algae we sell it I
display
oh no flu we're recording they were
recording a promise
oh they were recording I promise biscuit
is not to the winners are spoiled and
they're not taking man well hell don't
take them you could take my body you
should take my soul
don't take my teddy bears bro if I'm
being honest I don't think I've really
really deserved that win finally I'll
let you guys decide in the conversation
team wolves or team - I think team was I
think we did very very good I think dad
just tried to run his excuses and you
know just just I don't know I think we
deserved that one really oh my god oh my
god oh my god oh my god dad I think
we're forgetting something about that
competition I don't think you have worn
listen could have not wonderful new
lenox playing three - yeah cuz I've worn
do the grabber and the basketball
however I didn't just win the grabber
once I think just really wants it for
y'all no winner no when I carried on I
never had to go on the crapper it don't
matter it don't matter I was too good I
was too good if we all it carries on to
the night video oh my god we forgot we
actually forgot guys comment down below
chemos right now because I freakin
deserve this draw next video the truth
will be revealed and who is the real
winner
hahaha Molly 4:02 now then mm 76 cents
no way yeah no guys without anyone even
knowing on YouTube 2007 on juice you're
going to be on like 10,000 followers
okay so follow lead in the description
but yes but Morgan I want to ask you is
about this Twitter business what we so
amor Adam for Adam four videos will be
only set three there look but that's
following what you means follow it what
would mean with you I mean not videos I
mean looking back door like not only
you're following three people you're
following three things
Wow that's all oh okay you guys one bath
only pair so we all just go out the
bathroom feeling fresh I'm feeling kind
of good however it is 1:47 a.m. right
now so that means this wraps up another
awesome daily vlog because you know 6
p.m. every day bro well yeah guys if you
enjoyed this video you guys know what to
do go down there and smash that like
button and if you're not already go down
there and smash that subscribe button
join team orgs join the movement join
the fan gender squad joined the family
joined them whatever other things you
can call it remember guys I did just
release these brand new heart they're
selling really really fast so remember
to go down and get one for summer
there'll be a link in the description or
you can just type in www.edmodo.com
posse I don't know what the hell has
happened to my mind there these are
literally like the computers I've ever
worn I don't know I didn't wear it today
to be honest it's candy this is a god
new haircut and I kind of want to show
up a little bit but yeah guys thank you
all so much for watching and as always
I've been volved you have been awesome
and I will see you in my next video
which will be tomorrow at 6 p.m. guys
I'll see you then facial Souls watching
and I'll see you in
next video please oh because doesn't
mean they remember to subscribe to
multi-channel I didn't forget to be the
night
happiness thanks for watching
