you know in the gaming bar so I've been
the gaming part oh man I'm struggling
here
okay I'm sorry bit worries brilliant
okay brilliant frickin brilliant
I lost a deal in the game of
hide-and-seek I'm literally wanting to
die right now ah thank you're wrong
hello guys and welcome back to another
video starring this one off on the move
because I've just ordered over E and
yeah we're going to go pick it up and
yes I have absolutely no shoes on
because yo and no one's got time for
that I ain't got time to put shoes on
bro I mean I'm in a rush well yeah get
this right we ordered room service and
I've got to overeat things coming right
now
pretty crazy oh thank you oh when we
receive this room ride is basically just
sort of the frozen yogurt I want to
drink as well through every ordeal
ordered room service I've got like three
different things coming and you know I'm
not going to prepare for that much food
right now but yeah I just remembered
it's got to take a card out on me and
I'm pretty sure they're not going to let
me back in guys please
oh no well in the meantime guys if
you're new to my channel go down there
I'm special hey bro how's it going oh
yeah
brilliant thank you buddy adil I'm sorry
bro we had some good times my frozen
yogurts melted backing away this time
I'm going down again to collect my bowl
please Ireland and haven't even finished
my yoga yeah thank you
yo I've just got the drinks this has
been a pretty weird intro like ooh
breeze is cool but like I down for going
downstairs every frickin five minutes
oh god I forgot again Adele I'm sorry
bro let's make this easy Oh what we
saying what we say in waited they'll do
the honors bro do the honors oh yeah
there's nine baby would you take a look
at that absolutely bloody delicious
and then you've got deals I'll take one
of them I'm taking along all right guys
one hour late Amina did was just not
ready basically I'll be done deliver
migraine so it looks like today we're a
two-man band outfit for today checkered
shirt 15 pound white top 10 pounds jeans
30 pound Yeezy 800 pounds the jeans top
and jacket I look - like 70 pound and
many users are just like 700 bit weird
but yeah well yeah there what do they do
if they've never seen my face on the
screen before bro punch the screen yes
punchy computer smash it and then
subscribe like just why not when your
first stop is going to be the Gucci
store we've got our eyes set on some
project product OHS and yeah guys it's
going to be a good day watch the full
video because at the end there may be a
surprise so guys it's the first time
I've been outside so for today and I
swear to you I literally can't breathe I
can't open my eyes all the weight like
feel like I've just watched my dog gets
stolen or something like I was like
basically crying at all doing it stood
outside well there's sunlight hurts my
eyes
yo so we've arrived at the first
destination I'm going to do a list of
what I want before going in and compare
it to what come out with because usually
when I do that I want loads of stuff and
I come out with bloody nothing on a belt
I want a hat and I want some glasses
let's do many then I come out with they
made us wait in line to do the face you
make when they make you wait in line to
go in your favorite shops
okay so as you can tell I've got bagging
behind so it's not all bad news however
I said I wanted three things firstly the
heart did open cell anymore which is
pretty great
I got a belt which I'll show you in a
minute and then some glasses come find
out are like oh yeah we got one thing
it's not all bad but yeah now we're
heading off was it called big man carrot
how it's the Corolla is leaking out of
him
no way yeah off to a different shop
right now which Adele face is very very
good so yes you guys soon bye guys
basically we just put up at Harrods
which is like no one is like the most
expensive shop in London right
apparently if you film in there you get
like kicked out in salina not allowed so
I'm going to try and do it discreetly
filming her and see how much how long it
can film for we're going in as probably
all angles guys we've been in for a
solid five minutes so far a build
been checked which hasn't even got
anything in it but yeah we're undercover
and we were alive guys we're staying
alive I tell you what guys I swear to
you I've never seen a shop so big in my
literal life we can't find the clothing
we just can't find clothes in a shop how
long we been walking for very long time
we genuinely can't find anything is math
dull I want to play hide and seek an
elephant this is just a mistake okay oh
my god we've literally just found the
staircase by this is mad yo so we've
just what's the Gucci bit in Harrods
guys I got my heart yo I needed it too
because look at my hair it looks like a
bleep bird's nest sell fire like blonde
but yeah anyway we finally got it I'm
actually sticking on right now because
my hair is just a bloody disgrace guys
just made the third purchase of the day
I swear you guys watch this like more
twice but not any money I literally
never spend anything but yeah as you can
tell I've got this new chain to be fair
I'm not like buying my overly expensive
stuff and like I could like spikes up I
just I don't ever spend it I don't ever
spend my money really oh yeah I just got
I got this oh and I got the hot by the
way tell me what you think of this stuff
in the comments but yeah seriously this
place is absolutely mad like it's
absolutely huge I never know I'm going
oh
the brands are here well so I dunno I'm
go oh this is bully rapid
we were speed on this we rapid butter up
hood guys basically right we're going to
play hide and seek in this stuff I
persuade you to the dill I've said you
know hind seek is my favorite game in
the world and it should be yours too
it's a lot of fun so yeah we're all
gonna fly to see Tyler we like the
finished floor right now because we're
just trying to analyze which was best to
do it on you know I'm saying got to make
sure we give you guys the best I didn't
see you ever going to see but for real
guys this place is worth like I don't
want to think about it there's five
floors every floor is like I believe is
like 20 million times bigger than my
house and imagine that times I find I
swear guys this store is mad I don't
even heard of it somehow but yeah guys
we was looking for the best place to
play hide-and-seek yo my years literally
glow in the frickin blue how sick does
that look look your non glowing shoes
bro you haven't even got glowy shoes yo
I got washed up for that full Mel bro
two girls laughed at me they don't want
to stand the grind I'm on then I
understand the YouTube thumbnail grind
you got to get your fun down title on
point the haters I'm going to I'm going
to stab on the haters well I'm taking
Jay Paul's advice
okay guys basically now is time for the
hide and see which picked up for
wrongful I can't speak run floor three
okay so it deals going to be hiding
first I'm going to have the camera I
don't go count to 60 bro i'ma let you
hide and I'll come and find you can pick
any way you want on this floor sign now
60 59 58 57 56 55 54 I'm still I'm high
bro I'm coming for you Adele
don't think you can beat the King I
don't see no one beats me home see it's
my game I've been playing it since I was
in the womb I played hide and seek with
my with my self in the room trained
myself up and I came out just I've just
destroyed when I'm Zeke and I have no
clue what number on my now my collar
like 15 14 13 I think a song go that way
I think it's going to try and
double-cross me so I'm going to go this
way getting watched which is not good
I'm so scared I'm going kicked out yet
by the way go because we've bought like
three things oh my god yo this sport is
bigger than I thought I think you may
have gone in technology I'm getting
somebody weird looks at oh that this
place is just too freaking big and I'm
oh I'm going to portal
okay okay okay okay okay anything
logically why would a deals go I'm
thinking about wife's favorite place
it's definitely the toy shop so I'm
going to go into toy Kingdom this is
literally called toy Kingdom I'm coming
for your dil I know you're going to be
in here bro I can't find him anywhere
oh why feels like behind me following me
no he's not it's not it's not okay okay
oh wait wait wait a min gaming gaming
gaming gamers no in the gaming bar I
thought I'd be in the gaming part oh man
I'm struggling here what do you've gone
this far to Kingdom you're talking that
this is why it's going to be I guarantee
of in toy Kingdom it's where I woulda
came I'm gonna lie
okay I'm sorry a bit worried why she's
left me why she's literally just gone
and left me here in the frickin middle
of this place on a cupboard I don't know
why I feel it we're here I'm trying to
like scan everything but I'm really
really really really really struggling
I'm really struggling
I'm trying to like talk to you guys in
scammed him at the same time that keen
hard man look at is really just people
everywhere I was walking fruit onto a
frickin camera looking like an absolute
bloody maniac I genuinely I'm in the
children's fiction section mouths no
clue is directly stayed in the bit rice
bastard I reckon attracted like double
brought me or I was I don't even know to
be honest I think I'm thinking too much
brilliant okay brilliant frickin
brilliant I lost a deal the game of
hide-and-seek lion literally wanting to
die right now this is the one bit
haven't checked the one there in the
entire floor and this is the quietest to
which could mean he went here or maybe
that was what he wanted what I don't
know what the law oh my god yo this is a
new section I didn't even know this was
here yell thrilled guys this so say over
from the gross over for me I don't even
know this place was here I know he
doesn't publish present happy ending I
just can't find him anywhere
oh my girl games no losers here I check
all the furniture places I've checked
the toys for I've checked the electronic
the one players haven't checked is the
bed and that's why I started and I think
he just don't make a hundred percent if
he's not angry or not because I don't
know ask at the way hold on oh it's made
of big mistake having that big into
jacket on doing the help he doesn't they
yes were you sign here no
well I beyond applause did you see me
walking posture you actual mmm anyway
yeah you ready for round two let's do it
bro yo I ain't finding you bro you ain't
fighting with fire so basically a deal
isn't real is that the experience of
vlogger I am so I'm going to take the
camera to hide but bro just 60 seconds
all right the turtles back
are you starting yes one two oh boy yo
turn round bruh a lot of crazy guy in
the shop right now
I'm not crazy bro I'm very very sorry
okay I'm going to go straight on out
even know where it's going to leave me
I'm going to give straight here I'm just
keep going straight
this bit here I'm going to go into the
furniture bit I didn't even know that
was there and she liked the first one I
didn't know was that he ain't going to
know this is here in this heritage our
members would have been I'm staying here
I'm to the chill I'm just going to chill
he ain't going to find me when you sit
down and relax man I don't even know
what he's up doing right now but it
ain't going to be finding me anytime
soon I just went straight on and I think
that's going out smiling because I think
is going to think I'm going to go like a
loop-the-loop I thought he was going to
do that so I'm just used his plan
against him it's going to work if he
doesn't remember loose right now it's
been literally two minutes so he's
hundred-percent on the loose but he
ain't incoming so I'm sorry sir this is
that this is the life right here ain't
gonna fire me I'm just chilling all
those girls guys drop a like right now
if you think I've got this round covered
and also subscribe if you think I'm rich
or the king of hide and seek because if
you want more freaking hind see I've got
more videos coming because it's
genuinely so fun for ya guys drop a like
right now if you think I'm the best at
Hansy because who is better choice dad
I'm just the best
yeah I'm just yeah I just showing yeah
thank you
Oh blue very very discreet hiding space
you got here bro I would all right oh my
god yo to be fair you did take a while
you took like two years to find me
can I see it longer than yeah so much
longer oh man doesn't mean you win no I
was saying how I'm the king and no guys
comment down below who you think won
comment down below it's just look good
pretty doesn't Matt yo guys comment down
below where you want me to play hide and
seek next but yeah I think we're all
done in this shot we're gonna head some
other ones that was actually that was
the last four guys I know like I was
good but so basically we wanted to go to
Selfridges right before we came out
today we said let's not do Tai Chi today
let's just walk I got Selfridges up on
me freaking Google Maps the walk down
the street then the route changed
meaning we have to go back and then I
started taxi and thought yeah what screw
walking who needs that you don't need
exercise I should get active though yeah
run away to Selfridges and we've
probably spent more on taxis this entire
trip than we've actually spent on the
frickin trip like I'm not even joking
we're just texting everywhere so you
guys remember how in yesterday's video I
said that there was like top that off
white topper wandered well they didn't
have it in stock so I had to order it
basically I next day ordered it to the
shop and I'm going to go pick you up
like literally I've never done that
before and so excited I paid and
everything I'm going to go in and pick
it up like I'm freaking hype for this oh
my god I just literally had a mini heart
attack basically I used the wrong email
when I ordered this to click and Collect
so I had to start giving loads of
fricking questions about me that was
pretty stressful
anyway and now we're going back to the
hotel we haven't eaten yet so I think
we're going to go get some food later or
something but yeah genuinely so freaking
I'm like I was I was a date I didn't
think that because they were going to
give it me but yeah we got it
geez digestible anyway I'll see you guys
when we're back
y'all like in the room right now guys
seriously check this out I've just going
to open my belt which I bought earlier
on today it was freaking gift wrap bro
like shout out to the guys in Gucci for
literally rapping at me guys awesome but
yeah this is the thing that I almost had
a panic attack there's anything I was
going to get and then I've got my chain
which you guys saw and a half suite oh
hey guys how the Frick is it going
as you died back home right now and I
first want to apologize but how kind of
here and does its vlog has been it's
just been a bloody puzzle but yes as you
can tell I'm back home in the hosting
crib and yeah the trip was absolutely
awesome I really hope you've enjoyed
however don't you
freak and a click away yeah because I
got some exciting important stuff I want
to share with you are you first thing I
want to say I hope you've enjoyed the
video secondly I just released new
merchandise baby I'll be a link in the
description where you can limit I can't
be on over to say the only give the
description where you can go look at a
merchant copy but some I just released
hot guys hide you can get a heart I
should probably wear mine right now to
cover my fricking left of hair where is
it where is it
wherever look guys the hats are out
right now there'll be a link in the
description where you can get one for
summer embroidered MH logo we got it
embroidered we got a special hats that
fit so much better than with the ones
that gives you look how this fits on my
head grow it's it's freaking with
freaking perfect and ya get one of these
tights you can show it off to your
friends you can after you know beg your
mum's to buy you on because these things
are freaking fresh so yeah if you want
one for the summer order them right now
booze you'll need to get one quick
there'll be a link in the description or
you can just type in www.koco.com cage a
freaking Topco well yeah guys thank your
soldier watching this video get ready
for the videos here at home in the UK
wait I said in the UK and ever went out
of the UK because England is my city but
yeah guys Carol if the videos a home
they're going to be good we're dropping
some bangers but guys get a new merch
click that subscribe on and as always
adding more you guys been awesome please
oh if you have brothers we go there
remember to subscribe to Mowgli's
channel and don't forget to be the life
this is happiness
haha thanks for working in fat helpful
