oh man sniff me she saw somebody fine
off the label I feel like I've achieved
my dream right here
good morning tea mugs now you may be
able to notice I'm not in the usual
habits are I'm currently in London spain
in this hotel room with some youtubers
who around the corner right I think four
guys seriously I'm about to show you the
best view you will possibly ever see in
your life
we had to grind for this view are you
ready three two one look at that look at
that when you talk about sexy views we
buddy smashed it there now today we're
off to central London we're going to do
a bit of shopping but before that right
now we're off to the spa we just woke up
and we need to you know we need to cool
down even though the spas probably going
to be hot but yeah transition in three
two one
yo I've just realised I just took a
massive DSLR camera down to the spa
where people are going to be you know
going in the pool this is probably not
going to end well for me odds on me
getting this taken off me the vlog life
has to come first at all times yo guys
we just take a second to appreciate my
geniusness I hid my camera in my two
shoes and walked in with it oh yo the
vlog life just comes first it has two Oh
Shona Oh y'all win before my channel
break let's do this
ah jeez I can't take this who could take
this how can you actually take this okay
well I'm going to take this time to say
if you're new to the channel and you
haven't seen my face on your screen
before remember to go down there and
smash not subscribe oh and we're on the
road to three million and you know we've
hit the halfway mark almost we like
approaching the halfway mark anyway guys
go down there hit our subscribe button
join team or spread the word join the
movement alike say nice sounds cool
and yeah why you down there leave a like
and turn on notifications but for real
ugly I don't have
how you can take this this is way too
hard you do you freaking out - Tyler my
camera is going to just explode in a
minute I can feel it generating frickin
heat wanna go in the pool
no okay I'm going to search the hot tub
screw you guys I screw you Thomas's at
all haha just a frickin coverage I do it
a lot these days I'm just saying this is
Jimmy USO today's vlog is going to be
freaking wet so be sure to watch it all
start to end back to start no not that
way clearly a good one
what's your okay well this feels very
weird oh my god yo if I drop this this
is Paul Graham down the drain if I drop
this this is 4 K down the drain if I
drop this there's a lot of
responsibility if you push that wore at
me I'm getting out of there even though
the Gilbert for real this this frickin
spire is pretty good we're hating this
hotel for 3 days guys so you know what
the video is coming your way so we had
tells in the conversation what you want
us to do
hi guys basically change your plan right
now me and Alfie are going to go and get
a massage I've never done before nudity
no clue what respects but I see weapons
although you know yo that was I was
actually amazing
I'm kidding guys yeah they only had one
spot left so I decided to be the nice
person I am and let you know lastly take
it to ease up in a massage right now
really deliberately go get ready and
then we're going to hit up London later
but yeah I'm kind of wonder well one
spot left the entire day yo guys
literally 30 minutes is past were
already
adil rockin blue Alfie's Lawson's really
Iraqi in purple we're off our we're
going to do some shopping there's a
year's shop nearby that we're going to
here
no observers this is the first time
we've Western hotels today and it's
quarter to six we are building on there
so it's basically we've just been in
that shop I haven't bought anything yet
I'm just kind of deciding on what I want
to buy I want to get some zebra uses
however a pretty overpriced in that
shopping me and I'm not I'm not my
Cinderella but they are pretty
overpriced so I'm just deciding if I
wanted to get more somewhere else or
just you know to just take the hit and
get them from the shop but yeah it looks
pretty good right now we're just
starting this buddy this food place
which is very nice and yeah I love that
you guys later we're going to do koala
shopping today it's going to be fun for
the places that I could grab it like a
like a key machine in it where you can
actually win users in like an arcade
machine which I want to help another day
well yay guys going to be good bounces
what should we do from you to the
channel they should subscribe down below
and like eight 15 years videos
no god it was going so well I was like
it's only a matter of time before he
screws me over hello
yes that's been me rock for you touch
nice
grow
well Phil I want to improve review
camels it just stays in the Congress
eats too but like this is breaking gold
Jesus Jesus when you just try to vlog
with the wind just trying to ruin your
life okay it's gone guys I couldn't find
any friction Yeezys for Chiefs I think
I'm gonna have to go overpay like 260
pound or some freaking geezers I'm not
happy one bit but you know the show's
got to go on 660 bills and freakin 660
it's not that expensive because they
used to be like 2 grand but still I
think I'm just again an example sighs I
bought these for like 400 let's see how
much they're going for y'all nine nine
five sighs coffee right there yo born
for four hundred nine nine five i'ma
just tell them right now guys it's time
finally I'm a change into them right now
there's why the hell not Oh struggling
oh hey man sniff mushy so some of you
buying off the label oh that's nice
that's a good solution yo guys Barry
I've been one nd since they were like
two grand I didn't want to splash out
I'm sorry bitching watch and finally
feel like I've achieved my dream right
here always put in the work and you can
retrieve retrieve your dream a tree you
can achieve it I'm going to put on a
t-shirt retrieve your dream
yo so we just got of Selfridges right
basically those four things I like to
hide them all in behind to ask for my
size in all of them three of them din of
my size and one of them which I remember
walking to the other one but yeah I
means I'm gonna have to order like all
of them online when I get home and it's
such a pain
like why do shop should never other
sizes you want probably because I'm a
weird size but yeah anyway right now we
are live on the way to this Gucci shop
because there's been like a few things
I've wanted for ages and I tried to
order them online one day and I just
like forgot halfway through so I'm gonna
go pick them off with these two oh no no
no no you just got me like a million
dislikes on the video and then this guy
hopefully you want to do is something
the screen Jews out they enjoy life
because if there's a heart forever sick
right so we just paid seven pounds again
over to Gucci turns out it closed two
minutes ago
woopy what a great little bit of
business they is paying ten pound for
putting off in we're gonna have to come
back in tomorrow's vlog so I mean you
know I guess come back tomorrow to watch
tomorrow to see what I wanted to get
however I think what we're going to do
is go just see if there's any other
shops open and then head back to the
hotel and then head out again later go
at cinema get some food it's going to be
good what you staying so if they save
for you soon so whenever a video we
really just say stay for when our video
Alfie just does some weird hand
movements but whatever let's continue
over the day yeah how would you say
nothing no matter okay that is 3 to 1
time 3 to you're a failure million oh oh
so oh you're a the steam room they're
not doing a lot guy is basically right
now we're going to go upstairs get ready
and we'll go into the cinema and this is
very inconvenient so I'm just going to
go out with the bully steam room but err
I'm not showing the door yo so we just
ordered food through uber eats Alfie an
idol of just want to collect it however
it made one mistake leaving me the only
one in the room oh yeah oh yeah I'm
sorry bro allow yourself the Sun point
is my foods in there too so I just kind
of do kind of backfired on me a little
bit
hey guys how's it going win you've
you've probably got a lot of questions
right now but all will be revealed so
don't look away because I've still got a
lot of subs a friggin zeliha stuff you
will not want to miss firstly you can
probably tell that I'm back home right
now I'm not actually home at the current
time of the video that you just watched
basically long story short I forgot to
outro this frickin video and you can't
be having that so the first thing I want
to let you know is the day - from this
trip is going to be out tomorrow because
you know it's everyday bro in that video
we went to the most expensive shop in
London and played hide and seek and it
was literally like mad so you're gonna
you're going to love that one tomorrow
over the main thing I wanted to tell you
was something that I have been waiting
to tell you for ages my
so if you follow of my Twitter and other
social medias you will know that I've
been wanting to release merchandise hot
for freaking ages like me and my team
have been working on them so hard for so
long that you guys have been begging me
most whether the hearts coming out bro
and I was like hold on hold on how about
I wait until it's closer to summer and I
drop them at a perfect time so we can
work on them and make them per se and
guys big announcement the hearts are
freaking here they're here ladies and
gentlemen whoa now put some pictures of
some of the hearts on the screen right
now but if you want to check them out
see the info get one while you can
there'll be a link in the description
for www.markzware.com
so I was like doing our website : UK or
Co and I'm all about saving you guys
time so just Marco how cool is that
sound so yeah guys are throughout right
now get well while you can and also if
you got heart and tweet me the order
confirmation or tweet me a picture I
must follow loads of you guys site and
you know we can DM we can talk it's
going to be cool guys so pick a wanna
hearts continent water fresh for this
summer if you want to get one for
somebody you're gonna have to order
quick so yeah guys they'll be link to
them in the description down below but
thank you all so much for watching this
video tune in tomorrow for the second
part of this kind of two-part London
tripping and yeah I love you all so much
thank you all so much for watching and
as always I've been mauled I'm getting a
call on GTA on playstation let me just
put that down as always I've been mold
you has been awesome and I'll see you in
my next video breathe out if you enjoyed
the video remember to subscribe the
muggy stellar I don't forget to leave a
like if you have a big penis thank the
word seems a house
