you absolutely joking what are you doing
that's absolutely ridiculous it's 40%
spread and you don't all that going to a
hospital some important hello guys and
welcome back to another video today I'm
here we've died and we're going to be
able on them same where I'm going to be
blogging I don't know why I'm starting
the vlog right now we're just on the way
to the shop
well yeah guys today is going to be so
fun we're just on the way to Sainsbury's
right now because there's some stuff I
want there's some something you want and
also there's a cinema near the
Sainsbury's and I really want a tango
freakin ice blast guys I'll see you when
when we're done throw
jisu yeah whoa yo yo mugs from the past
hold on a second bro more from the
futures here no guys as I'm sure you're
aware by the title this video is gonna
be a little bit of a plot twist because
today Dan is getting pranked well at
least I hope now earlier on today dad
mentioned how later on today he wanted
to have a drink and you may be thinking
you know mums while he tell you this is
because earlier on I asked him if he
could give me like a lift in the car
later on he said no because he wanted to
have a drink
however he said to me that he doesn't
have any other alcohol in the house and
they was going to go out to the shop to
get some however I thought hmmm how can
I make this into a prank
ladies and gentlemen you're gonna have
to keep watching the video to find out
it is a crazy one but just before we go
back to pasta mold if you're new to the
channel and you haven't seen my face
before remember to go down there and
smash that subscribe button you guys
know what to do you guys know how it is
join team moves join the squad here our
subscriber and I'm if you hear that
subscribe on you will be automatically
entered into an iPhone 7 giveaway
literally hit one boy and you could win
an iPhone 7 like it's a pretty good deal
well guys I see we go back to past
morgue see what he's saying oh whoa that
was an interesting transition guy he's
just finished in the shop as you can see
got some bits I got y'all you guys know
me I cause I got some diet coke got
anything in particular you
like a subgroup pregnant there was one
of the things over I know you didn't
like saying uncomfortable he did splash
out quite a bit on a bottle of alcohol
it's a little bit blushing the cash on
the alcohol we're guys right now we're
going to go into the main reason I
wanted to come out here we're going to
go to the cinema so I can get a tango
ice blast guys let's do this do do the
transition again let's do it oh hey it's
you Jamal's I'm back again yeah just
wanted to say that I want you guys to
watch to the end of the video and then
after you watch the old comment in the
comment section if you think this prank
was better than the smoking prank I did
on mum which loads of you guys enjoyed
let me know in the comment section below
anyway yeah I think we should go back to
past morgues again
hey bro how's it going oh we got the
right one by the way you see what
worries oh gee that is heat right they
got the mhm jumper link in the
description guys done well is a good is
a good dose really cooked was knows like
y'all so guys it's been about an hour of
just eating my tea drove all the old on
the tops of just up to change that is
downstairs and around right now and I
think it's time we get this prank
started actually why am i whispering
when I can just do this it's time we get
this prank starters basically guys the
ball vodka is on says I don't think it
had any of it yet which is obviously
goes wrong really my he has but will be
berry feed in the plan a is right let me
talk you guys through the plan I'm going
to go downstairs sneak around into the
kitchen take the bottle of 38 pound of
odd curtain bring it upstairs and then
drink it up now okay our knives are
gonna be drinking it I'm going to pour
it all down the freaking sink ah mother
what's going to kill him then I'm going
to take the bottle in here just chill
living you now have a little bit of fun
with the empty bowl and then hopefully
she's going to get up look for it see
it's not in the kitchen look around the
house and then obviously there's only
going to be one place you're going to
have life to check my room and then
Isaac comes in I'm going to hopefully
try another hidden camera set up
partially try and convince him that
drank it partially just show
that none of its there basically is
going to be mad at me for drinking it
and also stealing everybody get down in
and also getting rid of all this frickin
vodka that he's just paid 40 quid for
this prank is going to be a frickin
interest in one guy's if you're
exercisers prank go down that and smash
that phone's on one haven't even said if
we could get thirty thousand lights on
these videos that would be absolutely
amazing why am I talking like this I
don't really know and also guys if
you're new to the channel once again hit
that subscribe button down below and
leave a comment telling me who I should
write next mom or dad tell me guys in
the conversation below but it's time we
turn up stealth mode
mission successful
he hasn't going calories a half okay let
me shut this door the power of the door
will keep is hearing the way
so guys you require the vodka he hasn't
drank a bit of it Wow okay is clearly
saving it for like one is ready
basically guys I'm just going to pour
this all down the scene right now oh god
I kinda feel bad yo is a waste but at
least people can't stay in the
conversation kids could have drank that
vodka because kids can't drink it well I
mean they can you know they're not
supposed to don't drink bubbly anyway
I'm just going to pop this bloody lid
open
how do you do it just got done I can't
do it 100 but dumb but dumb you oh yeah
oh my god I'm pouring all in morning I'm
literally pouring away 40 pounds right
now
I'm sorry doubt the prank war is real yo
it's been done it's been furry King done
by actually thinking about the prime
would probably be more interesting if I
filled up with a little bit of water so
I could actually be drinking it when he
comes in just a little bit of war though
so he knows that I've drank like armor
he's got a free towel the fact I've
drank literally all of it so they expect
me to be drunk I should probably get my
drunk acting skills up and guys just
like that y'all wait on with three kings
and on that is the face of Agha's it was
not miserable
okay guys basically I'm going to get the
prank starred now I'm all set up in
there everything set up I'll see you
guys in hopefully not long I see how
long it takes them to notice play the
time card
by mid to late Dale yeah
what we got earlier from the supermarket
exceed it are you absolutely joking what
are you doing
what launch with a drink no nothing left
that's absolutely ridiculous that cost
40 quid it's 40% strength and you don't
call that if you don't kill what we do
minute what have you done with that this
is serious this is serious this is
serious what are we doing that have you
done call it that you've drunk all of
that you're going to need to a hospital
on your stomach pumped you better get me
stuff together because I'm going to each
other working all about this this is
ridiculous yep now to be ridiculous
absolutely ridiculous ridiculous get you
stuck together now they stood together
not going by any of it you fight I'll
tell you what you're the HEPA did not
want to do absolutely nothing about you
don't you help baby should be other
usual rules
come on give us a knockin life like a
fucking train oh come on sorry drink
hi oh you gotta say before they come
today
few goons I never drink together
No
okay no but that bad way oh I was going
on I'm sober
obviously I'm drinking in it so where is
your kit it ain't even a prank well no
coming back from this
I know how long you believe that drink
today for your left the will be more
like it there's nothing there for as
much concurrent for one vodka yeah by
the Sun I don't feel like one now I
think you valued the actual amount of
vodka waste more than my health I
could've died well you know now I know
that you're a junkie
there is 50/50 this is it you got
exposed bro you didn't get paid you know
this man here cares more about that then
ah
I have a live the vodka doesn't show a
minute wait a minute I'm game pranks I'm
getting absolutely destroyed and I
should carry it back on me
that's ridiculous you know the entire
day - they're in the car today I was
never even vlogging I was never even
vlog is I was never even blogging it was
just a back-up plan
see I had to take this prank as it came
I know you mentioned earlier that you
wanted to go out for I mean I use that
to my advantage but if you'd have got
like a 10 pound bottle of vodka this may
not work but you actually when they've
got the most expensive one high five you
really help me their back camera come on
yeah it's Ray's gary-oke baby if I don't
do the pause do the park yeah
the park yes what you want to drugs and
once a look but Dad you know I think you
can getting the impression from your
body language that you know you kind of
wanted me to leave and probably leave
you do it so you can have a little bit
vodka that you paid 40 pound for and you
can get one
well I better get married things they
enjoy that I dream grow just one teapot
you build this for in town I'm not sure
about I ask you when I'm not sure about
a girl
yeah if I know I think I think you're
going to be waiting a long time for that
payment you know what there's one thing
I don't know if you watch the videos but
there's one thing you have to do what
you're going so well I think this one's
going to be quite quite good come on to
this one so the tradition on the channel
is that every time you get prize you
have to stare down the lens well there
is no repeat there is no longer dishes
there is no traditional there is no
additional it's not the lens I wrote a
river to be after me I have just been
prised I have just been pranked by the
kingdom pranks by the king of having two
strings on his head sure you're breaking
the rules
and finally repeat after me why senses I
look like so let's go for aria oh that
was yeah we look that good
what the hell are you doing without each
other what the hell ah yo guys for real
I'm talking straight heart now mold to
team molds heart AHA I want a truthful
answer
am i the prank king or not like I think
I've got to be the prank King so far I
have never been pranked by dad I've
planned to about five times I prank mum
about 15 times I've never been quite
once by her and I was asleep when she
would he did it I'll pull off pranks
such as the hundred and five pump it's a
prank the vodka prank smoking prank a
range of different pranks like for real
I think I'm the king like I'd wear my
crown up by the next prank video I will
have a crown but guys I really really
hope you've enjoyed this prank dad
it's nice to playing dad you know
because he hasn't really felt the wrath
of the pranking yeah just kind of coming
into his house then it's Dre kind of
just let him know that the pranking and
I deserve respect
you know the knife or vodka prank going
through that made him worry and you know
waste is vodka the same time maybe just
don't guys if you're new to the channel
remember to go down and smash that
subscribe on so you never
to miss another prank wars video and
also subscribing to the channel will
automatically enter you into an iPhone 7
brand new giveaway yet all you got to do
is hit our subscriber and I'll actually
enter you into an iPhone 7 giveaway like
how cool is that one button one click
enter the giveaway but if you want extra
juice of the giveaway there is a link in
the description of this video that you
can click it'll take you to a website
waking get so many extra entry I'm
talking like if you click this link and
do all the other stuff you'll have like
a nine hundred percent bigger chance is
that true that can't do math you'll have
a lot bigger chance of winning like a 90
percent bigger chance if you do all the
other stuff there'll be a link in the
description where you can enter the
iPhone 7 giveaway but also subscribe to
join team Moore's and also to enter the
iPhone 7 giveaway which will be
announced soon so answer while you guys
can but there'll be links to my other
social media in the description as
always feel free to go follow walls and
Twitter snapchat Instagram adieu
loadable of smaller giveaways on them
which you won't want to miss so go over
to that and hit that follow on all three
of them but six but who cares guys thank
you all so much for watching and as
always I've been more you guys have been
freaking awesome and I will see you
awesome people in my next video peace
good out us drugs video remember to
subscribe lovelies channel don't forget
to leave a like if you have a shitty me
thanks for watching
peace out
