right it's time for the truth to be
revealed three two one
hello guys I'm welcome back to Never
however hello guys are welcome back to
never have I ever
yeah no I have one goal in this entire
video expose the hell out of you what
well I have one goal to expose the hell
are you bringing up so guys we tweeted
out yes we how embarrassing is it that
he actually has a Twitter which we are
now asking for never have I ever
questions and we got some so he's got
loads read and trust me I've got loads
wit down to us cameras but just before
we start guys if you're new to the
channel what do they do that
subscribe go down there smash that
subscribe button and leave a like on the
video while you down there let's try and
shoot for 30,000 likes thousand coach
let's shine shoot for 40,000 loads
oh ok we'll do four guys four thousand
likes and one more thing guys what I
want you to do is watch the full video
and then at the end of the video I want
you to leave a comment in the comment
section down below saying who guy
exposed the worst most face it mean that
the like five videos together on every
single one he's been like Morgan you
can't post this so guys you're gonna get
straight into this with the first
question and who wants to go first
I'll go first Thank You Carrie you go
first
how much didn't assault with a little
bit kind of like a timid one maybe just
a little bit well your throws are over
as well I have time so as well so you
know maybe expose myself a we'll have to
find out never have I ever peed in a
public pool ah I lose myself there if
you're watching this and you peed in the
pool go down and lonely
I'm pretty sure everyone's doing it when
they were a kid
just now yesterday
timid start easy well you know Martin
actually you know what what was the last
time you did it because I feel like
that's more important I can't say
probably a long time ago probably when I
was your age
wow I'm doing now all I'm saying is when
we're on holiday when we're in the pool
I didn't feel some warm country and it
definitely went for me that's all I'm
saying
never ever ever vomited in public Oh
public high end what you let's see three
two one I'll show you up as well not
just me though who's going first then it
was a precisely question all I'm saying
is own it was in someone's house someone
who probably the very few of me we'll
leave it there right okay so once upon a
time a long long time ago I was probably
about twenty I went out for drinks had
far too much to drink I was so bad the
sugar I knew I needed to eat so this I
got an acute of a fish and chips shop
and drum filled still there the Jolly
farmer you're good fish and chip shop I
got a few further sick went out of the
queue out of this fish and chip shops
beaut around the back and I went by
shape and color fish so I started timid
right into it anymore dad get yourself
ready this on first perfectly for me but
you know maybe maybe not for you never
have I ever had a threesome whoa oh oh
oh she's a good mom to you doesn't
pretty sure he's mostly doesn't this
been such a wonderful pupil as you were
school so never have I ever
swore as a teacher for a teacher give me
a minute to think about this
yep okay three two one you are alright
what's not a nice story
I don't think there's ever been a time
just to write will be smaller than in
the middle of the class but like you
know where am i behind their back and
they're like all that teachers are a
video dating so Oh watch your
performances but yeah you know I mean
maybe I'd probably have but I've never
you know gone Optima just be like oh
you're okay yeah I'll be carried away
that there was a guy this is bike in
different times last teachers could
actually hit you if they wanted which if
I weren't allowed but they did though
this one guy I'm not going to say his
name it was a PE teacher and it was foul
anymore his punishment he get his bare
hand and slap yes I was it could on you
you bareback and leave a hand mark and
it once did done right to me and it
wasn't even me they've been talking
while it was sort of stupid like talking
you know he was merely slightly much I
took to go and bleep himself alone
around cool slowly at all yeah I got big
right cool
quite interesting one never have I ever
watched morgues for more than two hours
a day I mean it's kind of clear that I
buddy out because I watched my videos
but can edit them and still put you know
I'll be more disappoint if he says never
than not you
do you want the answer so I've watched
you for two hours because of your dad I
need you to watch it for seven hours in
a 8 hours are they tears a day want you
brought it up but it'll be kids when you
were 3 want you going into soft play
areas and coming out with it three other
kids who would cry cuz you took the toy
yes I watched hours and hours and hours
never
yeah I've never ever ever never have I
ever pretended to like something by the
other pasture I'm going straight
I'm fully how I can't think of an
example of its own yeah if you what what
about you while I do my chest the
Christmas present you brought me you
know the two things that came that
weren't even wrapped and they came in a
bag that looked a lot like clothes you
might have bought for yourself but
seemingly do fit you know I think we're
great what were your clothes they were
actually size small
the lies great fantastic she's
complaining so this right here is a
jelly bean machine right well I mean you
currently tell us a jelly bean machine
because there's nothing in it but that's
part of the story so God bought me this
quite happy you know nice little jelly
bean machine I had all of them and then
I didn't see him for a while came back
nothing in it all gone
he actually said a lot about core of the
jelly beans
so washer problem with the fact that you
only got a quarter of the jelly but he
said the press is still good show me
machine
yeah we shall be doing it it's an
ambition okay Molly next one so never
have I ever sleep walk by got it
three two one my number
whoa whoa you never have
I will be sleep wall used to shout out
you sleep so often you have
conversations with yourself in your
sleep you did I - mom I think I can't
remember the specific subject matter it
was it was recent ago was when you were
like playing games on the computer so
I'm not talking about when you were like
six or seven I've got a funny one never
I have a mad fan in public maybe a fan
of mine or a fan of yours if you're
asking me was the call to you then they
got a bit of fun here ah okay okay okay
yeah I'm got a coffee story so dad was
yours
well yeah think a tweeted about and to
be honest and recently more it's getting
more and more as you get more popular
with people coming out of the car show
okay this is it this is a strange one
I'm gonna read this as it came in so
never am I ever gone into a co-op at
10:42 Tabari
Coco Pops but come out with Cheerios
free by the way we all take time to
appreciate how good my cards are
essentially check these markers on look
at them right you leave a little bit of
space for the light to reflect up there
that's what all right guys never have I
ever lied to Morgan about something
important
well I just made I'll say I've never
lied to Morgan about something important
so what about you diamond yeah you got
to tell a lot of the lightlife specially
like when I told you I thought your hair
look nice look at this theory it looks
like you've got a pot of mustard on top
oh yeah this is a little white lies I
told you I loved you never have I ever
wanted to get rid of Bruno oh well I'm
gonna say never
Wow you wanted to get rid of your own
dog who loves you who thinks the world
of you
so basically right what used to happen
was when it was me a bit bigger a little
bit bigger properly obviously I think I
love them do it every bloody night and
when we went down into the kitchen
there'd been a big fuss swampy poo all
over the kitchen you see what used to
happen is we used to lock him in a
little little room in the kitchen like
the utility and he didn't like that he
used to be 90 like treated bloody toilet
so that I had the genius idea to get rid
of that I'm just laying around the
kitchen freeze and that's when he
stopped and that's when I loved it nah
always loved him but I didn't really
love what he was pulling in the kitchen
let's just say that I can step in he'll
but I'm stepping out never have I ever
been stopped by the police oh oh
recently only once every
okay I'm done here I'm gonna leave if I
don't agree the same beer was a day
criminal what about you anyway if you
ever be stopped by me please you
probably really more trouble than that
with me when I was young about I think
like 10 I think I've played on the
parking in the woods right a woods my
nose it's like this Scout whore and
basically me and I was like this other
people like you don't like getting rocks
and like flinging them a vowel it hit
the Scout whore and echoed all through
the hall and then turns out the person
that runs us causal just happens to be a
policewoman she comes out says there's 9
o'clock and you've just thrown a rockin
scared them they all fight with
collapsing never have I ever stolen mom
or dad's credit card
annually really believes in it well I
know I haven't you stolen my mom or
dad's credit cards ever you have right
ok ok hey baby moms there was back when
I was I'm just getting on to the FIFA
scene back in FIFA 13 or 14 I think it
was right call of a date to it do a
people points oh yeah you know I
borrowing one 130-pound for fever points
kind of gone to a two and then three and
then for my baby I think it was about
them and guys after all I still didn't
even pocket look good okay never have I
ever lies about your well or money to
enjoy impress a girl or in general just
lied to try and impress a girl or your
case woman 3 2 1 oh you're joking
never are you again
I would never lie sure whoa
why would I ever learn to a good I think
I probably have lied but like I can't
make a minute wait a minute how could
you hide to a woman you've never ever
woman or a girl you know as you guys
flying oh all right well let's test the
next question never have I ever kissed a
girl ah or a woman ah just a girl just
two girl kissing your mother hi guys
it's time for the final question and you
best believe I'm coming in strong that
guarantee never have I ever stolen
something over the value of ten pounds I
then I've got my relieve you you ready
three two one oh oh oh good yo what is
it that 11 years old they were a crazy
toys for Pocket ears if you imagine a
pocket ear was like a it's like a video
game it was like this little pocket and
you flip ball bearings anyway
pocket ears well karma how much 10 quid
oh right it's time for the truth
never have I ever had sex
three-two-one
oh well guys that is the end of this
video as I said at the start remember to
go in the comment sections and now tell
us you guys suppose the most I'm
thinking I don't know what did I really
get exposed on the phone I'm just such a
cool person guys if you're new remember
to go down and smash that subscribe but
I'm also leave a like on the video and
turn on my so applications by clicking
the little bell also let me know if you
want me to do another one of these never
ever ever challenges with mold because
that would be you know I'll be pretty
pretty interested in that but guys huge
shout out to dad for being in this video
boom our Twitter's are in the
description below
getting somebody small around and guys
once again thank you all so much for
watching and as always I've been more
happy more time you guys have been
awesome and we will see you in our next
video please
oh if you enjoyed the video then
remember to subscribe mugs is channel
and don't forget to leave a like if you
have a big penis thanks for watching
peace out
