the company comes under pressure here so
you taking the McCullen bullet I don't
know if you I don't know if you want to
do that no no no more cannot on my face
no you shot me with a bullet with a nail
in it
you always wade through dark in my room
let's get some lion yeah oh god no no
I'm going back to bed I'm going back to
bed no guys I'm welcome back to another
video firstly I just want to say how are
you guys you feeling I'll be feeling
you're feeling good let me know in the
comment section how you guys are feeling
if you're not feeling too good
hopefully this video cheered you up a
little bit well guys today I have an
awesome day planned and it's going to go
a little something like this in a few
moments I'm going to go downstairs and
get a smoothie then I'm going to go
prank mom but you know you guys don't
have to tell her about that then I'm
probably going to prank her again and
then annoy her again and then annoy a
bit more and then annoy a bit more until
she gets annoyed at me and kicked me out
the house and then I'm going to go to my
dad's and surprise him and it's
literally been about 60 days like over a
month since I've been to his house but
I'll tell you a little bit more about
that later right now i'ma go downstairs
and guest movie and then I'm going to
prank mom by the way I don't know if
you've noticed yes this is the bathroom
and you know only savages wear bathrobes
like who actually buys a bathrobe and
likewise around the house why only
savages do that well yeah let's go make
some breakfast so at the moment I've
been having a smoothie every morning
take a look so firstly focus movie you
gotta have some through let's start with
some Magno final rosada magna right now
let's move on
of course you can't have a smooth move
out the banaenae and there you go you've
got a banaynays in the house
moving on you got off some good what
hair you're just like that we've got the
white hair then obviously you got our
yogurt so I've got a yogurt right there
I'm now apparently American and then
finally blasting
juice darling darling darling you're
come on give me closer to this give it
closer without that right there is a
star you day the Mamas even a little bit
for you well there you go
okay mum taste-test be brutally honest
with me what will say more saying come
on give me some details very fine
honoree away alight but very nice oh
very good way to start the day
very good eh no I actually hear you guys
he's saying to me Mort we don't care
about this movie we want to see mom get
praised and I said that very loud which
means you probably just heard me and is
now preparing but hopefully not just
fine mummy okay she Desmond those are
pranks coming that means we can't do any
acting pranks we're just gonna have to
go and shoot with a good or some
Christmas okay well enter in the office
or as I like to call the room where we
store all the stuff I prank mum with
okay what we got then what we got guys
we got one of these and you know I'm
kind of fan kind of liking this you know
I'm kind of liking this yo guys for real
be honest with me tell me the
conversation what you thinking I'm
thinking I could wear this I start
selling them these are going to be the
new merch bro still got a wobble bubble
that's just kind of like dead watch this
is literally dead we've got an empty bag
of swedish fish could be cranky with
this definitely not we got some fun mail
over here you know well let's cut one of
these open right now yo this guy's send
me a freaking dog like look at that he
doesn't care about the rule it don't
care about what school he just does why
once he's got swag I like it anyway I'm
getting off-topic we need to find
something to prank her with like you're
not liking that bad boy yo guys I'm so
job is dangerous bullets from ages ago
now I don't think I can here were one of
the dangerous ones and I know you guys
are probably expecting a go I actually
think I can but guys I don't know I feel
bad guys I don't actually think I have
any normal bullets I genuinely don't
have any this could mean that I've got
no other choice
I'm pretty
of us I don't know like anything okay I
found a normal one and I've got my
blowgun here
okay the slight change of plan I found
some normal ones and I also want to go
change I'm going to go with a blowgun
because it's just way more cool and what
I'm actually going to do is I'm going to
do a paranoid prank on it I think
basically the two bullets are inside it
don't have anything done to the midges
normal bullet so I'm going to go up and
say to her that they're the dangerous
bullets and they've got spikes in them
and then can you can try and convince
her even though they're completely fine
however it needs me do have a dangerous
one right here we'll see what happens
oh poor guys subscribe is he a new oh my
Oh mommy
oh don't move I will shoot don't move I
will shoot you I'm cooperate paint
listen to me the bullets are inside here
remember the dangerous ones with this
this is the dangerous ones Ania right
go away I'm resting a poly leg oh how
dangerous was I very gently break my oh
you broke my arms so are you taking the
McAllen bullets I don't know if you I
don't know if you want to do that no no
no Morgan I've got my face No ah mama
cane
you shot me with a ball in it with a
nail in it I'm on the dangerous ones in
you said let me say always like when you
do it there you go and then we'll give
me your best shot
ah
Oh
sounds yeah ah right the monsters come
into my room and basically you guys know
as you ordered a new SIM card for a new
phone
we've just got his sword and she hasn't
got any like numbers on it she they
haven't carried over and she says to me
so my graph to sear and transfer them
all over one by one and I said yeah
you're probably going to be there for a
while like you know you may just have to
do it you know expect you know say like
you know fifty hundreds what how many
have you got more how many you got ain't
got many friends probably about fifty
most well how are you getting on you
going out so you're gonna ask just
literally just call me then I just look
at there oh look at all I'll say only
one you need guys the only one who needs
alkaline iced water she looks angry she
clearly all you need is another planet
back then war war to switch you are hi
Siri you may not you got a precedent
move oh we were talking about you have
you ever eaten a salad not me who
everything a salad yes I have eaten
salad I like salad why do you ask
by the looks of it you should eat son as
more often oh I had a salad for dinner
today Siri
salad with an extra large matter Jason
pound Oh residue over her I thought
these bones were meant to be kinda good
oh I thought you were supposed to be my
friend Siri I was never friends with you
oh how do I get this person out of my
phone I don't want to person call Syrian
my phone wait I can actually disable
Syria things so let me love never you
been disabled I've got serious shadow
disabled him or not yes till Allah has
been more respectful well mum
is it gone home word good gone man okay
let me check so we've killed in let's
just double check hi Siri oh my god
that's it well will it not Kia back what
it's nasty I'm are they looking at that
yo everyone kind on the hashtag savage
Siri because you're pretty Savage that
geez okay guys back home right now
literally two hours of past long
football session I'm very very sweaty
now I'm joking I just want my hair guys
I was pretty play though anyway
basically what's happening right now mom
is giving me a lift to dad's house and
as you know I'm going to surprise him
having told him I'm coming I'm gonna
show pose our so clearly Happy's
hopefully be glad to see me
well yeah guys I'm on my way right now
we're gonna go to Dad's I'll see you
know when were when would they're ready
to surprise him
alright guys outside dad's right now
just been dropped off let me see about
the cars there we had a look at the car
was there and the lights are on so you
know he's in this is literally the first
time I've been to his house in ages I'm
going to go in surprise in let's see
what happened I'm thinking he's going to
be buzzing I don't think anyone really
comes to the door at this time so I
never used that I usually just not what
am i doing sneakily you come in come on
down
thank you here I just article insert
idea
I spoke trusty but seriously could you
move the hair off my doorstep look at
the state of it it's career yeah I
expected you be a little bit more happy
well then roasting my hair so anyway
mate you're wet and at least get hard on
people football yes seriously
please pay a lot yeah I was playing what
you guys didn't expect to come in and
get me frickin roasted I've been here
for a minute you said I think you've
roasted my hair and all I've done is
just try and surprise you check this out
my room is seriously rather than all of
moms like judges out the game yourselves
I've used about bloody ones so one of
the requirements in my contract to be
here is I must have food cooked for me
so guys get ready for the first episode
of cooking with sir
so Darren what are we going to be
cooking today
salmon let's take a closer look into
this Simon okay so we got Scottish
salmon fill it 260 grams I don't know
why I just pointed that out to be honest
but we died I've just spotted something
they say if it goes our date 17th of
July that's a problem 74 Judaizers all
right because we're not at the seventies
to do lie yet it's the 14th now yeah
I'll leave food which has four days
before I guess our a day you should know
this
oh what's that one I must got one name
for a good day you should use that one
for this so choice of vegetable
vegetable okay so what we got we got
some sweet potato fries I like down
we've got some whoever tried those no I
haven't I brought two nuts squash
crinkle cooked chips talked about
wrinkles got like a boy done what is
that my job just another one you
available are you laughing no this is
literally a Nintendo stock right vegans
be like oh my god this is delicious
sorry to anyone I may have offended that
I'm in data a currently involved in a
really heated game of Monopoly right
when did we start when did we start back
to us we started eight twelve seventeen
right now we started our we started like
two hours ago now let me show you guys
what's going down
all right basically this one set in the
entire game and that's the pings I have
been with hotels however died just keep
fully avoiding him he's got free grand
but there's no way he can physically win
me
so what would basically say right now is
I'm just we gonna see it's only run on
my pegs you know over there all right up
there all night by us to little money a
thousand water drop off nice right every
time you land on the pinky I get nine
all time wel away well time to file do
you already know in about a week
pushing some things away roll it away
good dinosaur this is no place I wasn't
absolutely viral uig these are three
stars you same ever since we saw the
game you are I was just our look like a
basic among co-workers ah you looked in
my eyes I look to the screen that you
press restart
I don't know I'm doing you know that
what love you know you I tell you are
taking up job here is your winner by
forfeit more bye buddy be honest coming
are lies beyond school guys guys it's 2
a.m. right now it's been a few hours
since dad's gone to bed and I'm gonna
bed pretty damn soon however there's one
thing I need to do now to get revenge or
at least a little bit of any more
revenge will be coming soon
I'm making no monopoly I under monopoly
champion I am the king of Monopoly and
you quit the game nice ass it's been
like three days bro for real I just kind
of forgot to out through this video well
you know the answer is very important
because if you watch the ultra right now
you'll learn about giveaways you'll
learn about all the stuff so god of it
into but guys I really really hope you
have enjoyed this vlog if you all
remember to go down and show the support
with a big thumbs up on this video it
only takes you one second but that will
really show me that you've enjoyed show
me that you want more vlogs and also
just show me that you're a freaking
legend also leave a comment tell me what
your favorite part of this video was and
if you want more videos with dad go down
to the comments section leave a comment
please a nice comment and tell me what
you guys want to see and also guys there
isn't
film seven giveaways running right now
as I'm sure you're aware we've won in
our time guys the giveaways ending very
very soon but it's a brand new map like
iPhone is brand new available for one of
you guys in a giveaway and the way you
enter is literally just by clicking a
few buttons the main one is by going
down below this video and smashing that
subscriber and subscribing to the
channel there'll be a link waiving your
extra entries into the giveaways I'll be
linked in the description hit that link
and then do the stuff it saves on the
other page and finally guys feel free to
go and follow my other social media
which are all in the description below
Twitter snapchat and of course Instagram
bit those three with a big following
because I do other giveaways on them
which you will not want to miss well
guys thank you all so much for watching
and as always I've enrolled you guys
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video
peace out if you enjoyed this video then
remember to subscribe to my channel and
don't forget to be the life you can have
a bikini
guys are working in fat houses
