don't like it when people tell me
something
impossible the last time somebody told
me something was impossible I told them
I wanted to get a girlfriend I'm still
single I'm not doing too well on that
one
but that doesn't matter that doesn't
matter today we're going to be playing a
game called the impossible quiz and I
can feel the anger surging through my
veins aah aah oh ok hello today I will
be beating this challenge by the end of
this video I will have done the
impossible well at least I I hope so if
you don't know me already I'm more known
for many absolute classics like going to
McDonald's and ordering one chicken
nugget revolutionary store I mean I
can't think of somebody more physically
equipped to destroy this challenge now
guys if you are new to my channel if
this is the first time you've seen my
face on your screen remember to go down
there and smash that subscribe button
and by doing that you will enter
yourself into a giveaway and no it's not
a gift card giveaways it's better than
that it's an iPhone 7 giveaway now as I
said if you subscribe you'll be
automatically entered into this iPhone 7
giveaway and if you want extra entries
then they'll be a link in the
description which can go on after the
video to find out how you can get more
entries and as more chance of winning
this thing
now you may be thinking more how do you
prepare for such a such an impossible
challenge
step one you've got to make sure your
fingers already ah
step two you've got to have eye
protection now I don't think this really
counsel anymore so I'll have to whip out
the ray-bans I'm step free you've got to
ask there's cold beverage to stay calm
I'm ready let's do this
okay I've never been more ready in my
life
that starborn why you got for me god
that musics that musics move ational
welcome Conor McGregor right now okay
how many holes in a polo obviously one
right it's not one obviously two right
it's not two obviously free how many
holes in a polo obviously is four so why
is it for then why is it bloody for Oh
harmony holes in up okay I see how this
is gonna fish employ on me it's going to
be smiling how many holes in a polo you
got one in the eighth one in the okay
I'm gonna I'm ready to this kind of mock
net kind of match box
well it's not yes or no because like
obviously it can't so it's obviously
going to be on a bomb one it's going to
be being cheeky with us let's go for
that nobody think okay I see what it's
doing it's having funny with me can
imagine what nobody thing cut haha not
funny okay then what is this ensued
where our cab looks OOP answer this
question a backwards okay oh okay maybe
yo-yo click the answer
oh I saw that I just saw that baby
what well why wasn't it we do we yeah
baby
it was Safari Firefox works with Safari
dozen okay square root of onion I can
I'm starting to get a feel of how this
quiz is really going to be going not
very good how am I supposed to know the
square root of a buddy onion a job task
school I'm an idiot I'm gonna go with
shallots oh okay well yep that is just
brilliant in that take that back I'm not
an idiot
I'm a genius as you can see by that the
answer is really big really big screw me
Allison okay
I don't know I'm doing this what
precedes the Untied you could question
to and think of it's that one ah oh my
god
okay choose who's me
you could eat a pen I mean you know you
get people like to number pens at school
so I mean oh maybe it wants you to
choose food so nope that's not working
I'm going to I'm gonna go with two only
which it may be because of like choose
food like that - it isn't it ah I'm so
small I probably knew that I definitely
did what follows December 2nd a question
mark what I was so confident then oh my
god okay then what follows December 2nd
what what follows it December 1st I
thought I was too easy and why is n no
that one I don't think it's that one not
that one either
it's that one what what's out of the
Bell make raw betaine hmm
blood uh blue binder or languorous but
it's got to be like a foot hang maybe
yes oh it was just the obvious one they
died for that what can you put in a
bucket to make it lighter a hole no
canned laughter no Forge what why we
torch you know what I'm just going to
click random stuff will do - oh no I'm
just I'm just absolutely legend have it
you know what you know what you know
what play the music you know please play
the music place yeah let me hear play
this out
Oh your boys smashing this wasn't seven
fight over the alphabet one two three
four five six seven don't see you can
catch me out like come on
okay 24-7 is em is it like 17 yeah okay
yo for real why is this what what what
oh god okay oh I don't want to click on
that washer wisely hammer then okay it
was this boggy geezer
why is which book like hot dogs let's
think about this logically
bo GGY boggy it clones my column in with
the pain can I get my favorite colors
alright
blue wait a minute oh gee Shh why is
boggy my guy yo boggy I feel like we're
friends now coil a let's go cover goes
up a drink
Deal or No Deal Co Co Tijuana peel me on
a meal feel no feel okay yeah I'm done
I'm done done I'm just going to show my
eyes and just nice just okay don't on
there are now I'm cooking oh god my eyes
are shows with them and know which one
was wrong I'm suspicious
I gotta go my going to think oh I don't
hey hey
you're on a roll Oh these questions are
scared bit we're doing weirded out they
save changes to untitled Bram why is it
Brad I'm just going to Lorna sounds more
stupid
why's it brown I don't know I don't
money now sorry
no skipping okay like brilliant to go
see L oh god what's the next line after
that so it'll be about CLC k so click
there click there click the VIP VIP
valves up these are valid either I don't
know what it will Ripley click oh ah on
the big the V okay how do you kill a
werewolf aware what no don't you I
slowly drug car leave me alone I'm
thinking it's going to be shoe polish
why my think is going to be shoe polish
I don't know but it was shoe polish okay
I do actually know about this question
which of these places names doesn't
exist and actually no obviously watching
all this stuff brown Willie's a place I
know blue my house is the place bitch
field I don't if I can say that
definitely a place it's between twat and
our spacing I'm going to get one yeah it
was our space it wasn't it of course a
buddy wars have you been paying
attention to the question right okay
well I'm done for
okay you know it's not 21 it's
definitely more than that I think it's
more than 24 I think it's either 26 or
okay it's going to be 28 yep ballet born
fairy cake abundance cruel so it's not
cool okay not fairy cake it's gonna be
okay ballet born our abundance yeah okay
just don't go every what I think and
I'll get it
that's the tactic what flavor is
cardboard okay so look II but yeah I
kind of got enough got a bit there what
a main ingredients of shampoo right I
have no clue how to commence
how many lives in his hand okay it's
going to do that again in it 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 elephants don't like mice
yeah they don't there's elephant signs
going into the mice so what do I you
know it's giving me much yeah I don't
know to do I generally have no general
no clue okay so it's why was that
Lucia left active this game you just put
your mouth on anything and see if it
works
you press this Boston so let's go oh
there we go okay I've got three of these
little skip things now what do you call
a wingless fly oh no no no no holy call
wingless fly a walk okay you know that
makes sense
can you get this question wrong no I
don't believe why would have been that
more going you idiot
Wow do for God's sake Oh God okay oh
what the
why would I know I wasn't nothing afro
oh well why is the answer to life in
it's 42 so how am I supposed to know
which one is then Oh God
totally in my I'm struggling I'm
struggling big-time I'm just kind of
everyone maybe I don't know kind of yet
this one either I'm very much struggling
right now okay you know what when life
gives you lemons look at the impossible
quiz answers so I'll be right back
alright so it's this one here I'm hold
of it over apparently but how long are
you supposed to know down what it's
noise at that one okay Bridget makes
everyone god sake why would I know
so just do the random thing again you
know what I'm getting it I'm getting it
I'm getting it bro get it oh my sugar oh
my shoulder all my sugar click here ah
yeah bye freakin sick oh my gosh you
killed Sonic you bastard of course it is
a buddy cause it is it was me mask on I
don't know what's happened to me what
happened to my mouth my mouth is
flickering big time
wait this is my mouth freaking out no
it's nice the game so weird
snake snake snake yes which is the
correct spelling flat me do what we do
slightly do is let me do let me do are
you actually taking the mick but enough
of this man you know what because of
these ads next time I die I'm calling it
a day
I'm fail for this I'm gonna go with a
slight lead oh it's not that is it oh
it's back okay it's back video blue red
blue yellow okay okay we're gonna pass
Bixby that was pretty intense right
there
Cara it's definitely not definitely go
I know my fruit this is probably the end
of guys if I don't get this right then
it will be don't fall
maybe it's impossible maybe it can't be
maybe I'll just never defeat the game
you know what
no guys if you want me to return to this
game and get the light does the last 50
questions I don't care how long it takes
me I don't care how hard it is if you
want me to return go down there and
smash your life on this video and
subscribe if you're new and leave a
comment telling me if you want a part to
do this because if you want I'll bring
it to you oh god guys check the link in
the description if you want to enter
this iPhone 7 giveaway you can get loads
of different entries down there by
clicking the link in the description oh
we've near the top of the description
I'll be like iPhone's doesn't giveaway
so go down there give that click find
out how you can win an iPhone 7 and guys
thank you all so much for watching the
video I love you all so much thank you
all so much for just supporting me in
general it really means a lot to me
and also one last thing after literally
a month I've whipped out the big lens on
this camera kind of forgot I had it but
this lens is like a huge lens and it
should be a lot better than this one
which is the one I usually use so tell
me who knows and improvement if you got
to care about stuff in the comment but
guys thank you all so much for watching
I love you all and as always I've
involved you guys been awesome and I'll
see you in my next video
peace out if you enjoyed the video then
remember to subscribe to mugsy's channel
and don't forget to leave a like if you
have a big penis thanks for watching
peace out
