I'm not she was logging I wasn't
actually vlogging today I'm going to
need you to do something for me it's
going to be basically a game apart cold
cold colder top part warmer warm
boiling boiling hello guys I'm welcome
back to another video today we're taking
a little bit of a break from the prank
wars however mom is still going to begin
surprise but for the first time on the
channel it's actually going to be a nice
surprise so basically today I've came to
Medawar two gay brand new iPhones
because as you know I smashed mine
recently so it will get a replacement
for me I didn't just want to do that I
wanted to surprise mom now mom has been
using this same like Nokia for the past
like two years
it is literally I'm sorry mom is
literally the worst so and I've ever
seen in my life
like imagine one of the flip phones
everyone had when they were a kid it's
probably worse than that so today I'm
going to be doing a good deed for once
and actually surprise you know with a
new iPhone 7 and I'm also going to get
our applause because you know you just
why not
no guys just before we get into the
video I feel like I should mention this
at the moment I'm giving away an iPhone
7 this video just seems like I phones
everywhere but I'm giving away an iPhone
7 at the moment brand new the giveaway
is still running and the way you enter
is by subscribing to the channel down
below hit that subscribe button and also
for extra entries why you down there
leave a like on the video and turn on my
channel notifications but guys as you
can see we just signed the carpel right
now I'm here with the man himself if you
guys been asking you know where's dad
he's alive don't worry show them show
them your life
fill em alive what was that cuz I'm
getting the iPhone as well it's being
delivered right now at my house but I'm
not there to get it cuz I'm coming to
sort you out and now your mom out
kashish the die phones everywhere today
no I didn't mention two more while we
were on holiday we went into a text shop
and I showed her some of the iPhones and
I just kind of get a feel for them she
said that she liked the +4 eyes just no
bloody clue how to work them she didn't
even know how to turn them on so you
know she's gonna need a lot of help in
here ain't gonna be an easy job I tell
you that one for real she has next to no
knowledge with phones like she can
barely work a laptop when I bought a
laptop like she's gonna really really
struggle but I'm
prepared to put in the work to teacher
she deserves to be on Twitter she
deserves to be on Instagram and I'm
going to teach it so that she can get on
Twitter Instagram and snapchat self guys
tell me in the comment section if you
think mum should get some social media
because I think we need to set up some
social media gang so yeah we're going to
heading to Medawar I'm going to get my
new iPhone we're going to get mums new
iPhone and dad going to get a new iPhone
but not today because without getting my
new iPhone and mums new iPhone it's just
I've burned everywhere and there's also
an iPhone being given away you've used
to strive like this is not I swear
because I've got the box of the iPhone
I'm giving away at home I love my brand
new iPhone mum's buy a new iPhone the
giveaway brand new iPhone and then dad
with his brand new iPhone there'll be
four son UI guys you know it's really
funny to hear with all these pranks and
loads of different brands and just
different stuff like that
but for real she works so hard helping
me with loads of videos the channel were
doing so well we're on holiday so I feel
like she definitely deserves this reward
and we're gonna head him right now and
pick it up I'm not sure what call I'm
going to get oh I think I'm gonna go
with like silver or gold I feel like
that of course you like the most but
yeah she's at home right now I'm going
to change that up in a really funny way
went home so she doesn't know it turns
and then I revealed to her says it's
gonna be so fun guys but we're heading
into medal right now let's go get these
iPhones
by filling a bonus nice nice nice nice
because we're just waiting for Apple
appointment got how away massive our
guides are just replacing mine but check
this out it's all board add way saying
thanks great oh look at that look at the
pain Oh sighs actually ridiculous your
guys would just like metal or look at
this clean new iPhone for me mum's it in
the back I love the iPhone 7 course I
got in gold I'll show you later and then
I also got what was it was it's
particularly I think I got it because
you're not going to be more than 32 and
then obviously I just got a straight-up
swap for my own replacement which is
pretty decent but yeah I'm really really
excited for this way guys you just pull
them home right now mom cannot hear me
I've got the iPhone my is one agree to
say guys it ain't sponsored in any way
don't know I would be basically all
myself
and she's literally in there right now
now the thing is I'm actually
considering opening it open taking the
phone out of the box and then like maybe
I say to like hey I got a replacement
new color or maybe I actually like set
it up for maybe like it's theory
involved to say hey whose phone is this
next to her and it goes hi this is the
mobile of Jill to Nuala you do that yeah
I'm definitely doing that so what I'm
going to do going to go inside open it
up set it all up I keep the box in
everything obviously so she can get the
experience in the setup and then I'm
going to ask Siri hi whose phone is this
obviously set the names - Jill hood zoom
and there we go I cannot wait guys this
is going to be awesome so I need to
prank joke right now
and hide it under my jacket but that's
why from the jacket I beside the phone
under it guys see we're in size 5 so mom
just came down and went straight out to
take Bruno Awards so the house is free
right now so yeah I've got it in here
coincidentally started a bag of white
stuff you bring back from the office
hole they went on so we put the iPhone
back in there I think it will definitely
Best Buy set it all up for two because
she'll have no clue what to do sign it
and it'll help the surprised if the
phone's actually ready so she can use it
I'll definitely be bare so yeah I'm I
said all right now I can't wait guys
who's going to be so fun
oh yeah and if you didn't believe me
about the giveaway this is the giveaways
boom
a completely new as I said if your honor
enter this giveaway all you got to do is
subscribe to the channel leave a like on
this video and turn on notifications you
know this is going to be so fun I cannot
think of a person who deserves it more
than mom in the world she's she's done
so much I do want to touch on that do
guys you may not kind of know is this
because I never really say it but
literally there's no one that works
harder than mom she's amazing she helps
so much not just with the videos but
just behind the scenes and she's just
amazing and you know obviously she
deserves like everything but she
deserves way more than this but this is
just something that I know will mean a
lot to her and help her a lot and
something that she may not know that she
wants so much which is definitely will
need because I want to get herself on
the social media so as you can see
everything kind of behind the scenes so
yeah comment down below if you want mom
to have some social medias what social
medias think we should set up Instagram
maybe snapchat Twitter but yeah honestly
I kind of think the person who deserves
it more than her she's absolutely
amazing okay guys so we're inside right
now basically Mia more my mind going out
for tea today so mommy's upstairs
getting ready right now which fits in
perfectly because I know she won't want
to be on camera when she's like not got
makeup on on stuff so I'm going to give
it to a very very soon however we did
say we're going to set up first so we're
going to do that right now
okay guys my problem the phone needs a
SIM card to be activated and you know I
don't think there's any way I can Jack
mom's SIM card out of food I don't think
that's gonna happen guys so what I'm
going to do is I'm just going to give us
a phone I'll find some kind of way to do
it in a funny way I don't now
well yeah guys the phone is out the
package is in weingold it looks amazing
mum is ready right now she just came
into my room actually well sent up so I
kind of managed to dodge a little bit of
a bullet but yeah honestly guys
genuinely I cannot stress to you guys
enough how much mum honestly deserves
this like I know I've said already but
there isn't a person in the world who
deserves it more than her she's just the
most hard-working person she literally
asked for nothing back like we saw in
another video she wouldn't even let me
buy her a pair of sunglasses and that
just genuinely so caring and I don't
know what I'd do without her like she's
just brilliant so you know this is just
a small or something I really hope she
appreciates that she's definitely going
to like it she'll definitely like and
she definitely needs and I am secretly
very excite
it's a teacher all and see how she
reacts to like simple stuff like turning
on and stuff because it's also Nupur so
she's going to be like one first guys
all I ask if you're enjoying is that you
drop a subscribe on the video down below
we drop our subscribe on the videos I
don't really make much sense so that
guys please subscribe to the channel if
you're new because I don't know just
just hit me that subscribe please and
also guys he'll like on the video down
below is very excited for this because
I'm still excited I'm going to go and
give it to a now I think what I'll
probably do is set this camera up is a
little bit a hidden one you know she may
notice it but obviously I don't think
she's really going to care it's not like
a prank or anything so yeah I don't know
what I'm gonna say but I think of
something guys oh my god let's do it
guys we go to do it right now y'all so
hyped I'm so freaking hyped mom can you
meet me in the lounge yeah just another
lounge please I never go in the lounge I
literally never go in the lounge juice
is automatically going to think
something's up actually mom me me in the
kitchen I'm gonna make sure that not the
best start okay mom I'm not going to lie
I'm going to be honest here I have got a
bit of a confession to make
I'm not sure of login I wasn't actually
vlogging today and I'm going to need you
to do something for me
Wow I'm going to basically need you to
step outside that room and just step
outside the room that's all I need you
until I say to come in absolutely no
idea what's going on she's gonna do it
though y'all like that okay so they step
out there just don't go anywhere until I
tell you coming
you can come in okay that's right no no
no anything else that's later on okay
I'm joking I'm joking okay come on
what's going on show me basically right
there's some of this little surprise for
you in this room hey there's nothing in
the fridge it's going to be like a love
it's going to be basically a game of hot
coals okay mom okay so it's a hard cold
and there is something for you got to
find cold colder cup hot warmer warmer
cold cold get a little bit warmer but
you still kind of pretty so pretty cold
still pretty cold over that are you
getting cold
mom you're just like soap okay okay Oh
what got cold and cold still pretty cold
or warm warm huh really hot your baby
you man you're hot but you like you got
you just kind of stale in there you're
not really going anywhere so you're hot
but you like no oh kind of part still
colder colder cold colder warmer warm
boiling boiling what's this
you've never bought me a phone serious
yeah
Oh Morgan oh my god if an eye on iphone
7 plus oh my god why should an
additional penny oh come on we all know
why you like it I love it
are you coming out car I got you gold
digger it's right when you went to that
middle wall today right yeah I got my
new on and I just thought it was only
fair they get you something you helped
me so much
well as a holiday just in general just
the cover Mia oh I did oh good I did so
this is the force this is a bigger one
because I knew that's all on your line
why on holiday I did ask you which one
your eyes and you're gonna say oh yeah
just one more thing to say
yeah just one more time not mine it's
for a giveaway
really Oh jojomo Larry getting you to be
on the ball it's not the boat big balls
have a look at your ball oh you told a
little joy still going to delete guys
can I go ahead boom a little charger Oh
Mustang this is for me nice Oh y'all
your little phone now mojo I mean you
can get choices not change the Garmin
you can avail all anything up
so modern yeah I'm glad you're okay with
it I'm asking with it everybody's going
to be going mad when you see this that's
amazing only friends join your friend
alone really a message you know I'm
going to teach I am gonna teach it it
will take a lot of time should all work
I will teach you I had to like teach how
to access a history on a laptop she
didn't know that so working at iPhone is
not going to be easy but I'm determined
I'm determined I'm gonna spend some time
may I've got some time next week when I
won't be working so okay oh and before
she goes her iPhone and show me uses it
for calls and tastes you can do more
than that now you can get internet on
that one Internet
I just said that no one that deserves it
more than you know oh right then well
I'm going to set us up for and then
we'll see you we'll see you later on
when we're out we may as well keep the
video going so I can show you some
behind the scenes but actually trying to
use this basically the next part of the
video is just going to be the funny part
where we laugh for her not being able to
do anything so keep watching this is
going to be the best bit I swear all
right guys we've encountered a problem a
liver problem on basically Kirsten won't
fit into the apple core apple you need
like specific sim so what we have to do
gay on you on tomorrow so you'll be able
to use it tomorrow but for now you just
have to sit and look at it mom you go
the other first lesson about turning it
on there and then boy you've noticed
that a lot time in the charging things I
like these previous and oh yeah she's
trying out the air from 2011 look at
their brother is right I think you've
done the wrong way yeah oh no you don't
you don't right way well gone well done
mom thank you am I an idiot Jesus dear
what mum I'll give you a little test
right now come over it and turn the
phone on one you can do it I believe in
you so guys it's actually been about
three days since I last record or
something for this video basically as
you know we are to all the mums SIM
cards we ordered a
actually talked what it here like three
days to call it took ages then it came
today and basically minimum set up the
phone by doing like the iCloud and just
kind of the date and time and all that
however we haven't actually sets up any
apps on the phone actually I'm telling a
lie we set up YouTube on here and while
I was saying it women we gave you a
chance to kind of explain to her a few
things and kind of get get a look of how
she's doing with it and I'm not going to
lie guys I'm not the best mom serious
when I asked you to go home on the
iPhones you hold it down in Syrian pop
up and then what else can a finger broom
should go so we 132 old good guys I'm
kind of exposing here right now this is
funny stuff I don't want to keep this on
camera I want to show you guys move kind
of student of this so guys what I want
you to do if you want us to do a full
video or some sort of video where I show
Mom how to use the iPhone and we based
example oh there's like a teaching
session then you guys know what to do
drop a like on the video subscribe and
tell me in the conversation because more
I think it would make them funny a funny
concept yeah this is really all about
taking the mickey out maybe guys if you
want a video on that you guys know what
to do
but guys just before we end this video
I've been forgetting a lot recently and
you guys have been telling me more where
there is that is the notification shower
where's the teamwork shout out our and
I've just missed the game guys my brain
ain't very good at the moment I've just
been forgetting it another chemo shelter
for this video goes to column who says
he's been loving the prank wars it's
open mom can do a deal more prime for me
which I'm I'm not too happy about
baad likes and watches all my video I
need to turn on notifications so if you
want the team or shout out in the next
video you guys know what to do go down
there hit that subscribe button turn on
notifications and leave a comment about
any anything you want anything you want
try not roast me though because you sent
I'm very sensitive deep down but guys
eyes the end of this video if you've
enjoyed the moment to go down and leave
a like subscribe to the channel is going
to you and obviously tell me if you want
the video I just told you about remember
to go and follow all my other social
media the links in the description and
also enter the iPhone 7 giveaway which
is really really we weren't out of time
guys if you want enter you got to be
quick but guys I love you all
so much for watching and as always I've
involved you guys been awesome and after
you in my next video
breathe out if you enjoyed this video
then remember to subscribe to mug this
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis thanks for
watching it's a pretty sizable
