guys today it could be the biggest day
of my shorts 10-year life I can't even
describe to the amount of emotions
they're surging through my veins right
now I'm scared I'm nervous
let's pretend they don't mean the same
thing I'm worried I'm anxious and they
don't either today I'm gonna be seeing
my dog for the first time in 27 years
small can defeat a weak Shushan if I say
that I don't think you mean to say that
I'll get more views more welcome young
even been along for 27 years
neither is Bruno was a fool yeah but
that doesn't matter all right
this dog is or something okay I need to
go back into submode go today I'm gonna
be seeing Bruno I've seen loads of
videos where owners see their dogs after
a long time and they're all so happy the
dogs run over to me give them a big hug
and kisses now the problem is me and
Bruno well we have an on-off
relationship the only really seems to
like me when I am filled in my hand and
maybe he won't be so happy to see me
let's be honest milk and I never I'm
gonna have being away from you no guys
I'm not gonna lie I'm super worried
right now so if you're new to my channel
please go down there and hit the
subscribe button because I need
subscribers soon as well as nyle just
make me feel so much Barrymore hobbies
there please subscribe
they're just alive me then I've got
nothing left and I need my subscribers
mum can I have a hook yeah oh yes Oh
this time oh my god I'm kind of nervous
guys like why if what if Bruno doesn't
remember me
what if Bruno was having such a good
time with my aunt Eva he just doesn't
care about me anymore he's forgot about
me my own dog all the walks I told him
in fact that's only about like free in
the free years we've had him guys I'm
super nervous right now I'm pacing
around the room I tell you what if you
think Bruno's gonna remember me then
drop is subscribe right now I need all
the subs I can get because I'm nervous
who knows my little pug is the closest
thing I ever had to a friend what if I
lose him
okay okay more than calm down he's gonna
remember yeah it's all gonna be fine
this video will hover fee and then if I
believe but seriously guys meanwhile
we're gonna take interns mine's gonna
like Bruno in one by one see how it
reacts to mom see how it reacts to be
bold is here
the board is here Jill's in the kitchen
let's go see what Bruno fretting is when
he sees it
yeah or do you want to stay with mommy
no yeah
remember one can trace guess who's home
Bruno so why I don't know Phil remember
me it's gonna be two weeks darling no
looking change in like two weeks a lot
can change in two weeks mom oh it looks
to say and his breath still smells
yeah but wifey just love me anymore all
the times I've poked him and pushed him
why he just thinks like no I don't want
the little spaces it feels really guilty
about all the times that it's been cruel
to Bruno's Marty come on acquaintance
look who's here Bruno remember Morgan
come on it's Bray come on Morgan
it's wait
told you this would happen
Oh Oh baby doesn't me kiss me if you
love me
Morgan I don't know what shocks for me
it was like all over me brunette me it
looks very happy were you Martin but
perhaps if he walked him a couple of
times and bonded with him again you know
that walking thing where you put them on
a leave or start yeah oh yeah brilliant
idea
yeah but God you guys your hair change
look Martin is fine because he's got no
hair see all people sometimes I've got
advantages saying not to this keywords
ha yeah it looks like you're just going
to sit up to keep your hat on or keep
the weight you were hot yeah Marlow the
story is just don't dye your hair how
are you talk to I love you anymore or
just go bald like mine and well guys the
end of this video remember to look back
together well I'll see you like your
buddy
my best friend best friend Bruno but
yeah guys that is why I'm gonna end this
video a little bit of a funny one I mean
my definition of or even yours is
probably a lot different and you know
the funny part of my whole channel is
kind of debatable but nonetheless guys
hope you've enjoyed if the new remember
to get out and smash that subscribe
button for daily videos coming your way
every day wait I said the daily gain and
every day why you just can't be daily
then every other day cut it and guys if
you enjoy it also remember to go down
and smash a like and click the little
bell to turn on the notifications so you
can be first to my videos because why
would you not want to be first then you
can leave an annoying first comment like
the first 50,000 people who are
apparently first boo yeah guys thank
you're so shorty and as always I've been
bored you guys
and I'll see you in my next video peace
out if you enjoyed the video then
remember to subscribe to mug this
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis thanks for
watching peace out
