I'm on their all paid for thorbourne
these sunglasses were two guys it's 11
a.m. right now I've got a Brian early
today we're off to the gym
well I'll spawned I'll do guys I've just
got back from the gym at mumble -
sleeping on some beds over there mom has
been complaining about the heat
literally all day so what we're gonna be
doing is we're gonna be cooling her down
it's really nasty go get some more
please yeah I just said I just feel like
I'm a little yeah Morgan it were really
nice thank you
no guys I'm welcome back to another
video and now today is Monday and
unfortunately today's the day we go back
home to the UK cue the sad music no I
mean I didn't mean using it oh sorry
so you may be Louis and we're not in the
villa right now actually in this other
hotel the pause here who's glad to leave
the villa really early like 10:00 but a
decent day we're just kind of chilled in
some babe I went to the gym you know
getting and gains okay that's that's
definitely getting cold mine what do you
think you're doing it's your app it's
more like covering your egghead you're
borderline scrambled in this heat I
don't want bald genes on my heart can
you please take it off
smart around now your boards
transmitting through the Hat and then
it's gonna go on to me take it off
before I get infected oh oh for God's
sake so guys we're just in the car right
now on the way to the airport well guys
just one thing if you're new to my
channel and you haven't seen my face
before remember to go down and subscribe
to the channel where honor the road
three million subscribers and weekend
they're so so quickly so if you can
subscribe to join the team that would be
so much appreciated well now we've got a
really long car journey to get to
never sweat
oh wow you just woke up you're confused
oh my god oh my god oh my god lion-o
hi boys and girls when our free winter
the good bit that was actually not as
bad as I expected the queue was pretty
quick but more I've got a question for
ya and it's like a no-brainer will you
let me buy some new sunglasses because
I'm not having you're wearing them you
deserve better more food first and then
we get a mum buying you some nice ones
mom you deserve better than Tesco free
pound sunglasses next the same thing
really
so we've just sat down to get food mom
and mind I've got whatever
these are like sausage rolls and I've
got this story of noodle seriousness
tell me that don't walk absolutely
amazing
Oh mom um what you thinking then oh god
it's too confusing she don't even seem
happy she's like a free pair of
sunglasses it's too many Oh mom oh I'm
kinda liking it on me wow I'm feeling
the heat coming from mom she's looking
pretty swaggy oh my god I think oh my
god kind of match the color and bring us
out the retinas I've gotta admit more I
don't like serious boys thinking oh then
Cushi sunglasses on look at that oh wow
I think that's I think they actually
look good I'm no joke I actually like
them oh I think you like these
oh okay maybe not maybe not ha ha oh wow
look at her she looks like a point of
view and may you're one of you shall
show you I think of my favorites mom I
think these ones she's done right now it
nicely by a mile these are my favorites
well done what you think look gives you
the power do the pose then they're good
I like be all how much I'm not saying no
we want to buy him woman they don't need
to know the price why would you need to
know if I'm by then we'll have you made
your decision I don't want a spy anymore
mom come on you like him don't you guys
I saw mr.
one man like you deserves better mom
your hard-working YouTube mom Ben you're
beautiful and you need some nice
sunglasses I don't deserve it you
deserve it you deserve a gift every now
again gone final times looking in there
look down the camera
here's a pose I love these Oh
okay Casey a new glasses mom after I
bought reveal how much money they are
looking like Kasem or what about kaizo
song yeah nice little box join us for
glasses all paid for now mom's no going
back yeah you kind of worried by excited
yeah yeah well after you know the price
you would bear look after they thank you
okay mom are you ready to know how much
these were I'm on they're all paid for
doggone these sunglasses were 2,000
pounds there were 2,000 pounds I swear
mine
there were weren't they no you can't
take them back
seriously I swear the founding father
did for them more you said you really
wants me toss them I don't want you
giving them me them guys she literally
has a reset button
I'm gonna reveal to know that there
weren't mm well yeah she ain't happy by
the look mum wait wait wait wait come
back mom the glasses are I've got a
confession to make come on they weren't
actually mm I there were 1,000 friends
you happy then she's got more expensive
glasses you don't quit on me now no
women no I reckon I could get if I can
get over wearing them I'm taking her
your sway ball that smart tennis ball
Martin is ball they are three sunglasses
there yes it would do a big run here and
every brand for a big woman yeah I think
just nicest a big brown boarding the
plane right now who's this geezer why's
his name fine get banged by guys on the
plane right now
mum's got our sunglasses you're gonna
take another good look in just so nice
aren't they when we're done
they're really good feels so good I'm
serious about we're gonna do a
comparison right now which ones are we
thinking about gotta be there's gotta be
gotta be the three pounds next three
pound versus 300 pounds guys I've got
really bad feeling about this flight mum
just in case it crashes I love your
loads you love me too a mind how can I
forget just in case it crashes your head
fall mum I've got your present another
present a sick bag for when you're
looking at my side can't be needing one
of those
dude look at the chins trigger the chins
oh by the way is way to sleep I've ever
seen
I'm so glad to be back and the guys
after really long consciously we are
home in the mogs room guys it feels good
to be back however it's a free a.m.
right now and I am literally dying so
let me speak to tomorrow when I can
actually put in things straight okay
guys so it's the next day right now I
have completely lost my voice I think
it's from all the shouting I was doing
in my videos let's be honest but yeah
guys I just want to say thank you all so
much for all the support on the holiday
video and don't you guys worry the
videos are gonna be just as lit even
better while we're here we've got so
many awesome ideas even crazier than the
ones at holding guys all I'm saying is
stay tuned get excited get ready because
the videos here gonna be just as good if
not better guys and also I'm gonna be
going to LA really really soon I think
in about a month I'm really really
excited for that but yeah guys let me
know if you enjoy the holiday videos in
the comment section below
also remember to hit that subscribe
button if you're new to subscribe to the
channel for more videos just like this
and also enter the iPhone 7 giveaway
there'll be a link in the description
below that you can press I'll tie you to
a website and that's where you can enter
book guys one more time thank you so
much for watching and as always I've
involved you guys been awesome and I'll
see you in my next video peace out if
you enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to mugsy's Channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis thanks for watching
these are
