don't make it on me put on this the
other one was the fours lava 5 for free
hello guys and welcome back to another
video today we have another awesome
holiday video mom you told me wanted to
go to the zoo so I thought I'd wake you
up though you'd be ready to go with this
EP more awake now are you ready guys
we've just go across the street because
the entire time we've been here there's
been like four abandoned villas why not
just enjoy the video while in this
abundant pool but guys we've got a
really really fun day planned today
including a hell of a lot of boys lava
so keep watching well guys if you're new
to my channel remember to go down there
and smash that subscribe button
well on the road to 3 million
subscribers and I gotta say we're
getting there really really fast so good
on that and subscribe to join the team
I'm hardly like let's go for 33 3,000
likes so down how I hit the subscribe
button a he's gonna be a really really
fun day Morgan I want what I don't think
anyone's gonna answer I think of someone
was just open the door or the from oh
right guys you've just come back to the
house to grab a few things I've got a
phone I've got my camera we're talking
about phones if you don't know already
I'm
away an iPhone 7 completely brand-new
few people have insane is the box empty
it's got a freaking seal on it and I'll
be a link in the description way can
enter but we showed today where after
you've watched this video for two other
things you have to do to enter the
giveaway is subscribe to the channel and
turn on notifications let's do it
who fails you probably tell them about
you buy I think a through a melon up to
a really happy melon and I twisted and I
completely blows you say she's not
really the best before addition so mom
is gonna get by just allow yourself to
just just listen to my work cuz this is
really crazy so when you have some
blonde toes let's say Nutella on toes do
you call it like jam on toes on the
teller on toes however when you put
butter on toast you don't call it bar on
toes sly when you're toast with butter
and jam you don't call it jam and water
on toes you just call it John
toast so what we assuming the toast has
to have boar on it to be toes well then
some people like toes without boards so
we you know what size that like hot
bread by it's just all confusing my
brain like my brain can't take this and
if you wondering why that thought came
from I genuinely have no clue like not
not clue well if this is my last video
alive and I die from burning to a
literal crisp I love you guys it is
literally I want to say hot I mean like
for I am literally dying boom the floor
is lava
I'm just five four three two okay
whoa wait guys there's an animal of the
cage there's an animal of the cage watch
out everyone there's an animal out of
the cage back here for as long as animal
500 that was a good plan right there the
floor is lava full three two one the
heat yeah the floor is lava four three
two one guys don't go stay back stay
back stay back
penguin penguin why
- what's your name oh I feel like we're
like put on and off
I'll call you later bro yo guys tell me
why that looks exactly i mean exactly
like one then village ports from
minecraft
I think minecraft have come to the zoo
being back and forth around literally an
exact replica oh you've already been on
in for free
you've already been on more in four oh
my god yo we didn't move this guy's are
savage yo wait hold on the Tigers come
though gosh oh oh my god oh my god oh my
god it's a live tiger it's coming it's a
bunny tiger oh my god I'm getting out of
a few moments later
they're literally just asked us to leave
forgot to say why does this always
happen right guys so I'm not sure if you
could tell what just buddy happened I
slipped the camera on recording while it
was in one's bag so like you won't be
able to see anything but basically it
literally just asked us to leave it
turns out while I did that thing around
the lion cage we're hopped over like the
first barrier on the guy saw us and as
we're walking up there just followed us
well I didn't get anywhere near the
animal thing get wound up but it's
bullshitting kind of mad but at the same
time I can't really complain I want to
do these challenges I do know that
obviously there's a risk that this stuff
can happen but yeah I mean if I'm gonna
tell the truth
savage morgg's mode is on right now that
zoo was kinda but anyway like I'm not
gonna like there weren't even any
penguin penguins in my favorite animal
and I'm gonna say no penguin so you know
I'm kind of glad we got kicked out I am
literally dying okay guys
I'm literally getting in the pool in
like two seconds long story short we've
got asked to leave the zoo the zoo
wasn't even very good so I don't even
care we just left it's gonna be loads
more for love in this video guys so stay
tuned and also leave a like if you're
enjoying and subscribe if you're new but
guys right now I'm we're gettin the pool
because I look like a bloody sweaty
monster I'm Morgan okay guys so I don't
even remember when I last filmed long
story short I sat down that sit down and
ended in asleep and now it's 6 p.m. and
we were supposed to be going to put golf
however it's bloody clothes cuz it's
Sunday we were like ready to walk out
the door then we're like hold on what
days it is bloody Sunday but guys if you
want me to do a full golf video back in
the UK a full video
fuck golf then go down and subscribe to
the channel and tell me in the
conversation below but guys we've had to
get this night started because you know
what they're saying please board a place
for love or all night and good he's
starving so mom can we just get some
food please need to eat turn round
stay like that as everyone can see you
do not need to eat you also show to the
subscriber that gave me this bars inside
because I'm sure I'll be watching this I
don't put this on right now it's pretty
low right then so in the Chinese right
now just bleed demolish the starter
alright we've just been reading right
we're just been reading the comment from
one of my other videos and loads of
people are common in about Martin's bulb
hertes the flatform are in you can fry
an egg on his head he'll bleed go
scrambled in the Sun why I want to see
is who can do the best roast on mines
bald head so comment in the comment
section down below your best minds ball
head growth and you know our like heart
of Anjou heart bunch of good ones guys
our minds head to get roasted but yeah
we're just demotion just demolished a
nice thunk now moving on to the main
course mum what he's saying about the
meal
enjoy the meal
like I said will y'all stop it bro we
decided ball had a few drinks and that
seriously I don't think I've ever seen
anything more cringe ease than a bunch
of middle-aged women like drinking and
dancing like it's genuinely live as a
group about 10 of them just going up and
just like by 60 rolled like guys just
like it's like seriously it was like
watching a panda bear like yeah you know
but I'm just a boring guy so I'm just
gonna criticize people and just be just
be poor and my other stories middle-aged
woman shall be dancing my cilantro
saying right guys without giving right
now as you know I've literally just sat
down and my camera is low on battery
which isn't good but yeah guys I really
hope you've enjoyed this vlog I'm gonna
sit down and get some editing don't get
some work done because even when you're
on holiday guys the grind never stops
and yeah I'm actually serious guys like
I've been getting like no sleep this
whole I've been working harder than I
have been right before I went on holiday
but yeah guys I really hope you've
enjoyed the video if you remember to
smash a like and also subscribe to my
channel if you new and also turn on
notifications guys by clicking the
little bells so you can be early to my
videos and be notified when out blow
it's really cool guys I'll get a
notification straight to your phone so
you can be really early also feel free
to add all my other social media Twitter
snapchat Instagram and enter the iPhone
7 giveaway all the links everything he
needs in the description below so just
give that a check give that walk and
you'll find everything down man thank
you so much your support and as always
I've involved you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video please
if you enjoyed the video then remember
to subscribe to mug this channel and
don't forget to leave a like if you have
a big penis
thanks for watching peace out
