oh my god hello guys and welcome back to
another video it's competition time
today's challenge is going to be the
hide-and-seek challenge and I know you
probably expected this to be like a joke
or something know what I actually just
gonna be playing I didn't see
hide-and-seek this is actually gonna be
really fun basically we're both gonna
have a minute - hi and then we can find
a hiding spot anywhere in this villa it
can be outside I'm saying the rules like
you don't already know the rules of
hide-and-seek
however the loser is it gonna get a
forfeit forfeit you've not told me about
this I'm gonna keep a secret
but guys if you're new to my channel
remember to go down and smash that
subscribe and subscribe to my channel
we've got loads of crazy videos to
upload in this mansion so you're gonna
want to subscribe so you don't miss one
of them and also mom set a big light
target what like target we're thinking
today forty five forty five thousand you
go down there smash that like button
smash that subscribe or well are you
ready guys are you ready guys let's do
this I'm not losing I swear to God I
ain't losing I'm not well you one of
those gotta lose ain't gonna be made
okay someone's got her camera down here
we've got a double camera settled there
we go and basically I'm gonna go down
there into the downstairs toilet account
yes
I'm gonna be it first along you get one
minute I'm gonna count out loud to go
find your spot are you ready I'm ready
are you ready ready let's do this okay
okay I'm walking down the stairs mom the
cow begins in three two one one two
alright guys I know where I'm going this
is actually pretty spooky I found this
little room oh god how did I get to it
this way 26:17 found this little room
today and it's like a storage got the
geyser in the gerlichs
do you want food
oh my god I'm coming oh no he's coming
I'm gonna have to go away in telling
there's no come on no because she had
like a big debate over if we could go
outside or not I'm thinking she's gonna
use that against now thinking she's
gonna think I'm gonna go outside I think
she may have gone upstairs easy places
here nope it's still you so it looks a
bit suspicious ha having a drink by my
height in the note cupboard get in this
one so enough to go further hmm nope hey
mom I know you're in here I know you're
in here mom are you sure about that
give it up give it up for honey give it
up mom oh we can get a nice bird's-eye
view here kind of see you anywhere guys
can you see it I can't see yeah okay
let's go through this one I've got a
problem because I don't really know why
else could be nope I mean there's only
one more floor we made well maybe I'll
check it out
now sure this is dark I can't see you
anywhere I'll see you anywhere yep nice
little space down there are you sure oh
well guys we literally never go round
the back of the house maybe she just
thought forget about it but we're behind
in like you literally can't find it by
the way my feet are absolutely killing I
didn't bring blue shoes she's not down
there either that is literally a full
one a full lap of the house oh my god Oh
if you love me did you know that rumors
even that yeah oh gosh
well guys next round more you ready yeah
let's do it
okay mom yeah inside get down okay I'll
see you soon
60-seconds some know in the downstairs
toilet I think I spotted mine stay a
while I've had this bottom line for a
while if she gets this I'm gonna be so
surprised
well upstairs right now as you can see
going into my room and basically if you
come out here you can actually get on
this balcony this pillars there and as
you can see I don't think she's gonna
see me there if I lay down on it it
wanted to retrieve it for oh man this is
risky what as you can see I'm over now
gotta be quick okay I'm coming around
just gonna quickly run around everywhere
no think you'd be down here
quit looking the cupboard not don't
there's not down here
do you just be wrong
why are you staying there you know where
he is I'm looking at the places that I
would have gone but I don't know whether
he'll know all these places let me keep
you under the bed if she comes up to the
balcony I am screwed a few moments later
wardrobes over CB how do you know
clearing around these rooms that Ken's
moved where would he hide outside ok let
me think
hi
it is absolutely boiling tonight not
under there come on somebody give mr.
Murray three years and it's not round
there no I'll cut the pool looks now I
just want to jump in so far okay not
there this is really not be hiding where
I was just hiding no Morgan II will be
if he's a hiding where I've just hitting
them with absolutely go bonkers what do
I do what you do if you can't find
someone you just like so I give up all
what would you do if you can't find
somebody better those steps go to this
that room at the top that's the other
way - oh this is lovely
all through the room oh my god Morgan
let me zoom in on yet masters of that
how did you get through your bedroom
because we was followed was actually a
very last-minute spot these set down
there honestly Morgan I knew I went into
your bedroom when I slip the Nets being
put on the bed the Nets be Moo
know what you did I don't did you not
see no she were late black cosmides the
Sikhs I want to be running around for
the last 10 minutes
luck is twice the old thing next round I
guess it's absolutely incredible I mean
I'm smile and although I didn't get the
point
well that was a good spot so for this
round we're gonna mix it up a little bit
are we mom
we've got mine over here he's got his
camera there we go
and basically Martin is gonna go and
hide and me and mom are both gonna try
and find him we're gonna give Martin a
chance to show that the ball that really
does have some power to it and it's
gonna go and hi and see if he's better
than us are you ready are you ready all
right let's go come on come on
okay three two one one two three follow
me
I think they won't find me in bo-tat car
so when it bought it I'm closing bell
but you can see this okay let's go about
60 you by the way
no it won't be called sorry we call
myself now Ashley wait wait wait wait
wait let's go all the way up to the top
so we can scout the area let's go all
the way go on the bus engine okay mom
always saying left to the garage try the
couch on the couch on the car it's a
good idea oh where is it in boo-boo
button Zoe Zoe husband
oh my god well mine we all left menow
city like terrible we got you in like
five minutes then we do i wasn't easy
one morning mum high five high five we
trusted you martin and he was down she's
genuinely saying I didn't believe okay
guys so it's time for round three right
now and this one is gonna be a little
bit different we said at the start is a
competition and so far between me and
Bob it is 1:1 so basically for this one
Martin is gonna be it
we've all got cameras mine is gonna be
agent account for 60 like usual and then
me and mama both gonna hide and whoever
mine finds first whoever finds first
losers this is the grand finale guys why
won't you do comment down below who he
thinks gonna win me or woman also smash
you like and subscribe if you're new for
more hide and seek videos cuz this until
they've been so fun but guys are you
ready I'm ready I'm ready okay so mine
get going mind if I can interest them
we'll find out oh god I thought I've got
okay
change your mind change my mind is it
solid
but I went outside bus which so guys
that is it for this video but wait
there's more
obviously because mom got picked she
lost and it's time for the forfeit and
she's gonna have to drink raw lemon
juice are you ready mom look a lot and
now we film over and get your knives go
on it's gonna get a good blossom nice
one
you're almost a nice son oh yeah please
coming yeah Bissau it so loud he wants
clean by the way probably not only so
it's lemon juice in dirt
yep thank you for that mocha nothing
nothing no you know get it good fear
it's lemon just not good for your mouth
to taste okay then mum I've got the
lemon oh okay mom well we're all lemon
go for it
oh how is it Oh No
pepsiman you're doing the Pips oh no oh
no oh no oh god bad news people oh she's
going oh no oh god oh my god oh my god
oh god oh god no she's freaking out
she's oh she's freaking out she's
freaking out you can do it mom one more
that's all on me in three two one
no oh god mom finish it shall we finish
it mom okay she's doing she done did you
do it
oh no oh no she's all over the place
oh god she's gone outside I think she's
got outside yeah she's gone that's what
you get when you don't feel good at
hide-and-seek
well guys at the end of this video if
you've enjoyed remember to smash a like
on the video down below and also
subscribe to my channel we hit like two
mil a few days ago and I can't believe
how fast would growing is incredible all
the new subscribers welcome thank you
all so much and guys once more thank you
all so much for watching the video and
as always I've been more cheap in both
mine mine you guys be awesome and we'll
see you in my next video peace out if
you enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to mugsy's Channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis thanks for watching
