hello guys and welcome back to another
video I am literally freaking out right
now oh my god this last hour has been
one of the crazy hours of my entire life
from which they just walked around in
circles like I don't even know what to
do we are literally sell clothes more
dicks one half
my all my social media blowing off and
blowing up and blowing up balloons
we got balloons here if you don't know
honey we're in this villa
this bloody 5-star villa look at the
pool we're gonna hit you million in
literally the best way possible oh my
god oh my gosh stop it get some help
nope sit down sit down on there No sit
down calm down a minute
come on oh my twitter is absolutely
blowing up right now this is mental I
have no words oh my god
can you guys see 99 water paste on down
slow down
oh my god I didn't do it guys we all did
it do you really in subscribers a 15
years old 2 million subscribers it's
just a poo this blue thank y'all so much
you know what one part of the camera I
think someone else who needs a big
congratulations is that boy over there
like he's been an absolute legend of the
channel is else's all the way now I'm
joking one big congratulations to you
probably made like Alf my channel so I
think mom deserves a big congratulations
- we did it mom we did it
oh no my pen I'm so scared don't
oversleep - guys - millions
thank you all so much
actually we punish thing either let's go
let's go
like out of nowhere celebration ever you
had balloons and everything's really
nice to get like officer Moore there's a
car I do love a good car Congrats
come on it's got three monkeys on there
too Morgan well done you did it
muttering woman mind I'm Bruno Bruno
yeah Bruno would look to be here but is
no other people like you Morgan I don't
know team or going buddy men all right
now look it up so on the way out right
now the celebrations begin is 10 p.m.
right now but yeah we're just on the way
out now to try and find somewhere to eat
I'll come back to you guys where we can
find some way because we're just kind of
in the middle of nowhere guys look it's
a little oh it's not pasta on the
street more the real question is can you
handle 21-inch all right so my buddy
Calamari's here well what you got buddy
disgusting
it's been two hours since with two
million check how many someone's on our
team morgues are literally mental cops
get the fishing torch that's better
do it up Oh God you just got me like 2
million dislikes on the video Moulton's
the other good night tonight alright
guys we've just got back from the
celebratory his site is not a word mommy
celebratory aware I think it's a bloody
word I don't know we've just come back
from the celebration all night out been
pretty fun guys I tell you what i'ma
speeches tomorrow because I need some
sleep I'm absolutely bloody not good I
thought I'd come out here and just say a
few words the next day right now about
time just to kind of relax and think a
little bit and just take it all in two
million it's pretty crazy I know I kind
of do these speeches a lot where I say
thank you and I really really hope by
now you guys know how thankful I am of
you but I'm gonna do another one today I
try and keep it as short as I can
without rambling but I do want to say
some things no one YouTube at the moment
it's it's pretty it's been pretty weird
for me it's being pretty on and off in a
way like stay motivated motivation is a
weird thing because you lost so much of
it at one point and then they'll have no
nevere another point for example exactly
a month ago I got to a point where I
really really it was just it wasn't I
wasn't enjoying it I just now it's just
a love at demotivated but then I decided
just just to keep working hard just to
work hard again I start uploading daily
and it's been like that was like one of
the best decisions ever because right
now my channel is doing so well so many
new faces coming over and it's crazy
really is I'm just enjoying myself like
so much so much at the moment I'm making
multiple videos a day editing multiple
ones in there is really all down to you
guys so I just want to say a massive
this is this
from the heart and massive massive thank
you I know a lot of youtubers say things
like this and sometimes don't mean it I
really hope that you guys do know that
everything I say or when I say thank you
I mean every word of it I mean every bit
of a few years ago I literally had
nothing there's one thing I knew I
wanted to do and I was YouTube but at
the time it just seems so unrealistic I
had nothing else I never had any other
hobbies I never wanted to be a football
I never wanted to be a singer I never
really had anything that I was good at
and then the YouTube thing took off and
it was honestly the best thing of my
like entire life the best thing that
could have happened because now I know
this is what I want to do and this is
the only thing I want to do and the fact
that I've got an audience of two million
people now supporting me every day every
video is the best feeling so I just want
to say I really really really really
hope you all understand how much you
mean to me and they aren't just words
that's that's true right there I really
really hope you all know that you mean
everything to me I really hope you do
when I see you guys saying that you've
enjoyed a video I wanna see you guys
saying that you've subscribed and you're
knew it genuinely is the best feeling
seeing the family go bigger and bigger
and then hitting a milestone like 2
million just remind you how big this
thing all is and that's I'm gonna I'm
gonna oh it's a it's just is a great
feeling guys honestly it's the best
feeling and yeah I just want to say
thank you I just want to say thank you
and I really really hope you all know
how much you mean to me but yeah guys
I'm gonna go and enjoy the day let's go
enjoy the day let's have a good one guys
thank you all so much for 2 million
let's have a good day
ok guys it's time for another
competitive game me versus more today
it's tennis as you can see we've got the
tennis net right here never for real
guys we're gonna have a one-on-one game
of basketball
I mean I've kind of put my own spin on
it if you touch the net then it's a foul
you can dunk it as long as like you know
actually touch there if you score you
get a point those to five points wins
thanks for that and then obviously
everything else is just mobile
basketball Martin throw is in a ball
missed it I finished that oh yeah
it's enough it cancels out my view or I
took it again yes don't touch it bogan
right then we've just headed out of the
house right now mum what we do in girly
assembly Charlie's all the way around a
barbecue tonight we're having what mum
calls a game night where we're gonna
cook some nice food and have some games
it's gonna be fun guys we went into the
shop one in charcoal we came out with
charcoal had about 50 pounds of floats
on top we've got the biggest flow in the
entire shop it was 25 then we got these
ones here and got another rubber ring
we're gonna just literally feel the
force flow it's gonna be pretty cool to
be honest
like a child
look at that fills the entire pool
basically we're gonna be here for a
bloody while yo I've been pumping away
this thing for like the past hour we've
finally got it it's like it's like 95%
done and it's literally it's going dark
guys it's actually going dark but yeah
we've got the food being prepared
Marnie's the Barbie done yet it's nearly
dawn we got burgers chicken and hot dogs
walking that just sounds gorgeous and
look at the poor guys he just looks
amazing at night it looks so beautiful
and guys that's a wrap we finished
he's literally rock-solid right now the
food is also on the barbecue right now
the world's first board barbecue is on
the case finally after about an hour and
now we're both in them little skinny
legs must be worn out so now we've got
dough not a basket born there a big flow
we've got a goal net got balls down
there we've got water guns and then
we've got them big long ban the pool I
think we have got another thing though
we got something else into below
standard rubber ring as well yo guys the
food is here shout out to the big man
himself the big head we got burger we
got chicken I've got a nice corn oh
you're gonna be good bro oh okay joined
all well Ricky we in by the c1 scale Oh
always a bloody savage this one this is
why should I be guys this is why call
Oh No oh my god Oh
okay guys so I'm back inside right now
he's been a little wild right now it's
actually like 3:00 a.m. Cyprus time or
like 1:00 a.m. UK time I've just been
editing for the last few hours because
you know the grind never stops well yeah
I think I'm gonna go to bed in like an
hour or so at the moment I've been going
to bed at like 8 a.m.
so like as soon as the Sun come up I've
been going to bed if you really weird
but yeah I just wanted to say one more
time a massive huge ginormous thank you
to you guys for 2 million subs and hey
it's the free million hopefully we can
get it I don't know let's see if we can
get it before the end of the year I
think we can't know because T moles per
unit no one can stop us
we're you know that this is bass noise
that's those it's true but you guys if
you've enjoyed this video remember to
smash a like on it and also subscribe to
my channel guys thank y'all so much for
watching thanks for 2 million and as
always - walk you guys been awesome I'm
I'll see you in my next video remember
to subscribe to mugsy's channel and
don't forget to leave a like if you have
a big penis thanks for watching peace
out
