hello guys and welcome back to another
video today's is the long-awaited house
tour honestly I could not believe how
many of you guys are asking me when is
the tall and today guys it is here we
just have always thought I'm giving away
a brand new iPhone 7 completely unopened
on use and the way you enter there is a
link in the description down below and
I'll take you to a website and then on
the website I'll ask you to do for all
things to employment
I'm a more point you have the badge and
you have a winning this thing doing the
things you have to do to employ is
subscribe to my channel and like this
video so be sure to do those joke right
now we've read already subscribed and
subscribe because if you're not
subscribed if you haven't liked the
video you ain't going to be winning this
me and someone's got to get it so why
not you well thanks boss ruin my video
haha well guys just before we start this
house right here is our new house what
you mean on you have like a house before
this no it's for the holiday you were
going to be impossible game or even most
to be no we have a little charger in the
video would you are you know what more
make sure we just saw at all start the
till my start at all okay
so as you can see this is the step where
you come in among do you think we just
start with our side first yeah yeah
what's that well I hear we have the pool
now on the pictures I thought this pool
is going to be really small I was
actually quite surprised it's a pretty
decent sized pool what about you saying
it's amazing that was absolutely amazing
is the lights come on to this pool at
night and is the best thing ever check
this out and look at the pool guys he
just said just look amazing at night it
looks so beautiful guys I mean how cool
is that that's just too cool but yeah as
you can see we kind of customized the
pool of it we've got some that we've got
a down on over here we've gotten more
than that we've got a basketball do i've
been necessary well the de cresci's kids
are still there literally moving onwards
right here we have some song bugs it's
been kind of just somebody's got around
I haven't really pointed them out this
right I don't actually use is yet more
widely is this that's the kitchen for
when we have the barbecue tonight yeah
you will be using that when you wash all
the top label horrible afternoon moving
up there guys this night massive its
respective literally mustard we have
this which is probably my favorite thing
of this entire house check this out
oh my god this thing it's just it's just
legendary it spins around oh actually
spin all the way down over when a boy
tries to be cool and it just doesn't
work round here is the second little
area I'd say here we have the barbecue
and a nice place but no place to sit
down I'll kill in 10 kills oh this is
the chill zone we haven't even opened
this yet I a few minutes ago I didn't
even know this was here this is a forum
ping pong table we're going to set the
old label 100% over here we've got the
most exciting thing of the month oh yes
mum's washing area look at that now
moving over here we have a real this is
like my actual favorite thing no it's
just it's just so cool we've got the hot
tub and at night the lights come on and
it is genuinely like it just like the
pool it's the best thing ever god this
place is just so cool at night well you
had a hot tub is absolutely amazing
you've got light you've got loads of
different league
it's just amazing honestly it's like my
favorite part of it in time you spent
the last two night cutting it the first
night we got here it was 5:00 a.m. and I
still got in it like seriously I'm in
love with this thing boom anyway moving
on we're going to go a different way
what we can actually do is cut round the
back right you don't know who's like
secret areas in this house it's actually
really cool like there's a staircase to
get out and move right onto the road but
over here this is like the drive area
slash games area because what we got is
a freakin pool table and then we've also
got the Ferrari right here looking just
absolutely gold seriously this car is
just it's just really beautiful it's
absolutely magnificent but yeah we got a
pool table right here surprisingly I'm
actually use this yep I'm definitely
challenging you to a game at this later
more and then up here we've got actually
come on let me show you people come on
now that's another way up but we're
going to show you that through the
actual house if you come down here this
wings around the front of the house
again and I didn't actually show you
guys this right here if you mind all the
pillars I'm at the table well we're
probably going to be enough food tonight
well guys I think it's time we move on
now to the house you know we could open
the front door but I think it's just
easier to come in this way to it well
yeah this takes us into the front room
and this right here is the main room I'm
not gonna lie I love houses where it's
all those inflammatory kitchen area
we got achieving here this shall obtain
whether we use little Maui incarnate by
his next level right there seriously am
I the only one we're like Mario Kart was
just like my entire st. Charles would be
like if not a little mushy latane
Lincoln will give you a child
honestly like the video if you love
Mario Kart because I I think every kid
just everybody in the world you will be
different
everyone knows Mario Kart Wii out of it
is the kitchen you got all we know
they're big three shuttles of stuff in
this we went into the shop yesterday we
love the freezer we've got absolutely
putting loads of cupboards washing
machine
whatever lies I'm leaving Shelton in a
dishwasher
yeah hello I know my stuff I know my
cleaner appliances and then movin over
here we've got while explore this map
section we got some Walker's or lathe as
they call we've got some rip-off doritos
it tastes absolutely horrible look I
like them I don't like them but I like
them I can't eat them of our thinking
this is just like 10 times worse than
the Rios I know just a lot of other
snacks and bits and bobs like some ears
nose got me the camera on my GoPro all
teams are just broken right now oh well
yeah that's about it for this little
section over here we've got some of the
lounge using that also so right there
what I like to do is open the door and
you can just see how you can you see the
Magnificent looms but guys I think it's
time we continue with the tour we got
two options over with on upstairs a case
it is outside one I think start with
this out there don't worry is the first
like bathroom bedroom this is the first
I do money literally none of us use this
like this is the two red Beijing for go
to single base water one mirror and then
over here we have the ensuite for this
room actually it is just as a shower
built the Western honest Tonica Flanagan
my show title so this here is the toriel
and this one's all over weird one which
is really really cool let me show you
are you a sub sorry my stereo just
continued little bit let me show this
see buddy
you can upstairs you've got a second
floor isn't right this is not about you
that no one you didn't do you just wanna
make makeup yeah any effective mobile
users as a makeup with that already
bruised with on this wicked mansion
there is one are so mirror of your life
so bad pump a job so that people assume
that you might not own sweetener so I
say will give this one so this one God
sink a shower and of course
sorry eyes are sorry master Zuo Jiayin
so here later to add mocking spreading
let's just continuing strange anyone
moving on all the title doubly Saturday
we've got the next wall and this is kind
of what a lot of dunes on today's woman
Barton through it's just I mean are we
within mom's room are even laundry will
literally the exact same that they've
got double dare to bedside tables and I
love natural window right here some
wardrobe space here and that's really
about it and if you man this caller and
you college Lee an exact replica of the
room goblin minds blood mess in there
that's our table that's our table
wardrobe space port there's one holding
an instrument hello this right here is
the balcony now if I connected balconies
to be honest we can't have a little bow
over who would get this wall because
these rooms obviously the best cause we
got a balcony and then we just ended up
both going from but yeah this is the
view guys and seriously check this time
away is incredible
you know what we've invested at Morgan
you won't even let me come in and you've
ended up in an adjoining bathroom with a
shower balcony what I was not giving up
a balcony no no no it'll be nice to just
be so close to you but a little bit of
privacy sometimes it's kind of nice guys
who just one more thing to show you
though on this floor
no in here you've got shower you got
thinking you got cooler which toy are
you on you had to pick one one timer
interval timer you know rabbits
spreading it around every role so what
are the point in foster care should and
guys this is the end of the house
remember earlier shows that stair cases
that are showing you later
watch out check this out oh just look at
all guys check this out silky
telepods again keep turning it oh yeah
you got table you've got a sofa you've
got another sofa but that's not the
mazing up here guys check out this
review
and then you cut down here you've got
this nice staircase all the way down and
then once you come down here and get to
the bottom you're back here by the pool
and yes that is the house pretty decent
anyone pretty late today too but is it
okay right I'm sorry good I'll take you
I'll take it no guys guys the end of
this tour guys tell me what your
favorite part of this house is in the
conversation below is it the pool is it
is it the upstairs that the downstairs
it not is it hot tub guys tell me what
you think and also don't forget about
the iPhone 7 giveaway that's going on
right now there'll be a link in the
description where you can enter to win
this thing basically you'll go to
website they'll be asking you to do
stuff like like a video subscribe to my
channel follow my switches and stuff you
may already be doing and all I have to
do is click a few buttons and you can
enter yourself into an iPhone 7 giveaway
someone has got to win this thing so why
can't it be you but guys remember to
leave a like on this video if you've
enjoyed and also subscribe to my channel
if you're new we're going to be in this
house for a while guys so we're going to
be making a hell of a lot videos in here
it's going to be absolutely amazing I
hope you guys enjoyed the video so far
but there's a lot more to come guys and
they're going to keep getting better and
better but guys one more time thank you
all so much for support and as always
I've involved you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace out
it was drugs video there remember to
subscribe to my channel and don't forget
to leave a like if you have a big penis
thanks for watching
please our houses
