so pleasantly when I'm watching YouTube
I really really like to watch travel
vlog and there seems to be really really
popular so today that's exactly what
we're going to be doing so where else do
you today oh my god it's so exciting
you're taking it home
whoa so guys obviously that was all just
a joke obviously you guys know me you
guys know more we always like to joke
about yeah we're actually going on
holiday right now to Cyprus tell me mama
mine are going on holiday the three of
us and we're not all going up explains
here you can't come you're going to
foster care now can you please just get
out it's a system of us you go on off
you go have a nice holiday we'll see you
soon Oh bye a few moments later um part
believe they've ended up with us I
really wanted to do some analogy on our
arrow probably that the hope of all
talking proper they've got the wrong day
because not it is small I think he
somehow made them so everything
Paden you're excited for the whole room
anymore nila wall was excited the tools
on our Liddy not three Oh Paul my love
you mom all this going to do is going to
take the mickey out my air hole are they
so guys as you know we going on holiday
I managed to let's just say like squirm
my way into into the puck I don't think
going this way another thing mom's very
happy but yeah guys we're on the way to
the airport right now we go into Cyprus
got a nice Villa over there tidy or
place tidy and guys while on the way to
the airport I just want to quickly
mention I'm like 75% sure this is going
to be the first video that I'm going to
post after hitting two million if my
calculations are correct and as you know
are two million subscribers I'm giving
away a brand new iPhone 7 I would show
you the Box right now I'd like to show
it's all legit but it's typed away in
the suitcase so I can't actually show it
yet if you want to win a map like iPhone
7 then remember to leave a like on this
video down below and subscribe to my
channel there's a free iPhone 7 and all
you got to do is click a few buttons
like is a good deal really
because my family now oh yeah we may be
too much subscribers right now I'm not
really sure but either way the iPhone
giveaways coming soon we leave a like
and subscribe to my channel but now
we've got on our journey to Birmingham
Apple and that's where we're going to be
getting the plane a photographer can I
have a peach green tea lemonade large
please
so what's often my mom for 15 minutes
few minutes early so a bit quick cast
and well that's not good mo where am I
still here
he got away in this queue how are you
feeling right now absolutely good Morgan
about you really know queueing more
queuing mum finally no more queuing Oh
Spinelli bad
mom's more queuing we're just on the way
to Ford right now I'm literally so tired
of which would have been curing
flake-free hours straight
nicely one bit boys and girls here we go
on the way to the play one of the
crashes water the crashes well if the
plane crashes and this is my last
message of film I love you guys I love
you all if we dies we love you and also
if I die I made I'll say mum Jamaica
besides a few moments later
I've got Jeffrey right what you call a
man without her Marty moon we didn't die
to live guys so yeah for I'll fly down
it's like a 30-minute delay we will just
start there doing nothing and then
obviously four hours and I feel like a
five hour flight I slept like four hours
of it that's where all the pain went
down on me which I'm not with other know
everybody was laughing me on the plane
you made everybody else happy so that's
the main things well at least I got your
back a little bit now do we have to go
on like a two-hour car journey posi al
so we're going to literally get to the
villas good about 10 o'clock but they're
going to be good a guy I'm excited yes
very excited mom no jokes here what do
you call a living egg like an egg that's
alive Mastan
just long mum the boys lover five four
three two
that was bloody shocking did you do it
did you do it
mindful of five four three two one
evolve it ball down big time didn't you
Iggy
so guys them just came and sat down of
timerlay
normal and additional obviously I mean
I'm in Cyprus and I heard him say now
and then just run off
I think they've left me they were saying
they were on something on the plane
leaving me they didn't want me here no
I'm just here by myself
this sucks lay down so guys turns I was
just as ginormous misunderstanding I'm
living one you know she we just cured
just playing a little joke on me weren't
you mom
oh my Marvin there we thought we got rid
of you this is just too much will meant
to be on arrow and you just like sort of
the earth why she's joking no she's just
served him just area Nellie so guys
we ran in a car and we just pulled off
as a car rental all ready to sell with
get ready I'm talking bad and Ferrari
Bevan Ally's we didn't want it we turn
the Ferrari down to get this it's just
it's a magical vehicle Guerra the three
two one would you look at that skirt
skirt what do you think better than a
Lambo better than a Ferrari cost eight
courses oh right guys so after literally
a 19-hour car journey I'm joking but
it's like 2:00 a.m. right now we pulled
up at the house like that car journey we
got lost like five times in a row it's
really really dark we just pulled up in
the villa looks insane but let me get
inside whites actually live because I
know if you guys can even see me right
now police can hear me so we got our
torches out were exploring we've just
found the big boy
this is if you can't tell any hot tub
it's not too bad a mum not too bad I'm
gonna do a full tour of this but I feel
like I can I'm gonna at least show you a
little bit just so you know what
States but look at this big pool oh man
so I got to stop before I show you the
entire thing but like this this is
looking pretty dope eh not too bad mom
god it's Leslie explain to them what
this hold it was going to be until I got
involved it's a two-bedroom apartment
cause it was em you you two got like it
for a really cheap offer but I like to
be honest like you know if you're gonna
if you're gonna do it you got to do it
big boys this is this is paradise right
here it's pretty dark but you know it's
still pretty lit okay guys so about an
hour has passed since I last did
something for this video we've literally
just been packing the cases and stuff I
had stuff on charging up because
literally everything died on the plane
and for the car journey I had to like
find somewhere to put my phone in in
like it was it was pretty complicated
but yeah I'm just gonna say guys this
place is absolutely incredible like this
is a proper like five star like mansion
obviously we've rented it but like this
place would be this would be like a
million pounds to buy all ever like this
is a very very nice place so I'm going
to give you a full room tour a full of
the same room tour a full house tour in
another video because there's just so
much to cover get ready for when the
household jobs it's going to be insane
so this is where we're going to be
staying for about I think it's 11 days
we're going to stay in there me Mormon
mind I'm going to be trying to do daily
videos over have got so many ideas it's
going to be so full get ready for the
videos guys because it's going to be
like some of my best videos ever I think
them by the way what what I got the
iPhone I'm going to mention again I am
giving this away very very soon enough
just check my account and we are 5k of 2
million which means when you're seeing
this we will have 100 percent hit 2
million I'm gonna have a full video
saying thank you for the output yet if
you're onto the giveaway for the iPhone
smash your like on the video I'm
subscribed like I've got it right here I
did one of you is going to get this
right guys just got back from the hot
tub just went in for a quick dip it's
now 2:30 3:00 a.m. UK time or 4:30
Cyprus time so like it is pretty late
right now guys I just want to say thank
you so much for all the support one more
time it really really means a lot to me
literally you guys need everything to me
so just thank you all so much
if you've enjoyed the video remember to
smash your like and subscribe
during that will enter you into the
iPhone giveaway so do that right now
and also check my other social medias to
stay updated with the giveaway Twitter
snapchat Instagram all the links are in
the description below and I'll see you
guys in at tomorrow's video get ready
tomorrow there'll be a new video 6 p.m.
and as always I've involved you guys
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out if you had read the
video then remember to subscribe to
mugsy's channel I don't forget to leave
a like if you have a big penis thanks
for watching peace out
