floor is lava for 3k
Wow the floor is lava Oh three two one
we got the exact same points whoever
wins this round wins the entire thing
Shh
time for the signature surprise of all
these four is lava videos wonderful over
four three two one every time baby
what y'all that does not count course it
counts
hello guys um that's very bad timing
haha now today's video is gonna be crazy
for a lot of reason firstly we're gonna
be pointing the floor is lava stories
lava taken we're gonna be going to an
abandoned possibly haunted tunnel yo
guys this is awesome I'm third there is
a chance that there's gonna be an iPhone
7 giveaway right here in this video guys
you're gonna want to watch the full
video it's gonna be a really really good
one we're gonna be making it a hell of a
lot more competitive basically
throughout this video we're both gonna
get 20 chances to do the floor is lava
on the other person and every time you
say it and the other person fails to get
to land you get point and then obviously
once we both use our 22 boys lavas
whoever has the most points will win our
the forfeit for me if I lose this
challenge I have to go to Apple buy a
fully working brand-new iPhone 7 and
give it away to one of you guys and if
mum loses she's gonna buy one lucky
person some cleaning products bucket
Mart everything you need to keep clean I
think it's pretty clear that throughout
this video you guys gonna be ruined for
more because if mum beats me which can I
say she's failed to do in the first two
videos and one of you guys gets an
iPhone 7 brand new I think they're
professional cleaning products are you
sure about that
no guys I'm just gonna give you a little
warning prepare yourself unless you're
already subscribed everything but the
SUBSCRIBE point is now lava five-o
three two one
there you go if you hit it in time then
you survive and guys one more prepare
yourself
everything put the like button is lava
guys you know what three two one there
we go if you buddy shoot them both in
time leave a comment down below tell me
that you did Morgan the floor is lava
four three two one
no that she falls veo yeah but she's for
sure an expectant in class she first
played on you wonder all I'm using
tactics I tell you I'm not only one
today I'm on the fours over for free no
to one you oh my god you looking why is
it guys I'm just gonna say one more time
watch this full video because at this
point it's looking like I'm gonna be
buying an iPhone at the end you may have
got away with that one wolf boys barber
for free just oh my god oh my god y'all
this is not going well for me guys it's
not it's not been a good start for me
yikes Bruno the boys lava 4 3 2 1 yo he
he just doesn't care full-on savage
going on here okay some mummies out
right now she's just on a run I just
thought I'd have a quick sit down and a
little chat with you guys because you
guys know me I always like to keep it
real with you guys but seriously without
you guys like I'd be nothing you guys
really mean everything to me but
seriously I've just been like looking at
some of my YouTube stats and already
today I've already gained 5,000
subscribers today and it just made me
think like guys so crazy and I really
really love it when new people subscribe
and join the family literally the best
feeling seeing it grow and grow and grow
I just wanted to number one say thank
you to all the new subscribers thank you
to everyone for the support and also if
you're new feel free to hit that
subscribe button because we're getting
so close but guys Mumbai watch your bite
when she goes back because I'm feeling
as soon as she gets back hitting her
with a boys lava I need to score a point
the balls are 4 3 2 1
it's oh it's over yes baby Yoshis just
got back from a run I knew she'd be
paranoid I knew she'd be sweating poor
off God morgen
the floor is lava 4 3 2 1 yes baby there
you go mom oh not fair point things
around the house like that
your tell you when we call me off-guard
when I was although they are playing
again game on game on game on ways on
game on game on sweaty face just so pay
money welcome go fetch Bruno Enfamil of
molding you've got look after milks the
floor is lava four three two one you did
that one before no I'll do another one
I'm did that before and you drop Bruno
you might save Bruno you just looked
after yourself and drop poor Bruno look
he's in the lava
oh you fail logs well yeah definitely
failed again no no we left yeah I want
to let you out of kept told of you if
you want to
it's about midday time guys right now
we're just heading out to the abandoned
tunnel few people so this is haunted
it's in Chesterfield it's supposed to be
like an underground tunnel or completely
abandoned we're gonna go explore it
you're excited move by two videos in one
pours lava and abandoned tunnel but yeah
we're gonna go right now guys let's do
it
number five over four three two one
no that was nighttime that was nighttime
that was nine time let's genuinely like
Bruno decide yeah we put him down the
toilet so every comes to good we do it
yes yes I'm the line of that point
fucking mess right guys just pull them
right now by the tunnel I'm gonna show
you in a minute and yeah guys we're just
gonna we're gonna go and try and explore
sleeping again I think we're gonna be
able to and yeah it's gonna be good Oh
three two one yes
that's another one down for you mom
Morgan the floor is lava four three two
one
yes yeah there we why are you saying yes
have you just used to return do they get
a single pulley I'm trying to support
your nuts shouldn't be support in here
oh my god Oh mah mAh pretty weird it's
kind of like so symmetrical and light
Eve and a nice just really cool question
is more my coming in it's fairly easy so
I mean you could easily do it the
offices and goals you out here I don't
know what is didn't have any friends
so I brought my mom what can I say she's
an active mom I think I'll have you by
one year the boys lover for free no no
wait hold on a minute hold on a minute
the four is over four three two one does
that count
does that count I don't think it does
you're for real this is actually like
really cool we're gonna go in and we're
not gonna like go in all the way a
speedy monkey you're a free warmer
Yeezys guys
I wore my either she might chew our Sun
I know we only having over walls this is
like a prop oh god oh my god yo look at
that dropper this is a proper frickin
tunnel does it Hannah dustbag jeez I
have to cop that ting yo guys this is
awesome I love like I love doing stuff
like this like exploring in that I
generally find it problem fun
look at that door so he don't know ready
guys this was like an old abandoned
white tunnel like a railroad tunnel or
think and obviously it got abandoned and
yeah this is all others war dripping
down
there's actually water dripping Darla's
genuinely like kebabs down and stuff
people have been down a lot oh wow guys
look at this puddle looking up a little
that's the poo bye guys so we've just
been taking a few photos Lawrence Martha
Oh three two one whoa
actually I am one darnit some bleep in
your that was leaky but the floor is
lava four four three two one oh oh oh
you're leaving it there we're gonna bet
you're quicker to the floor is lava four
three two one yeah just stood on a bag
of crazy that's great Oh three two one
you know what I'll give that argue thank
you I go don't actually mental subscribe
to mugs guys actually amazing don't
remember to bolt don't remember - okay
don't forget to leave a like and
subscribe mental yo are we done
I think we've done our job here wait
what's that down there ooh let's go
yeah so now we have to do the tricky
part which is get out guys I think I'm
just an animal stuff right now take the
camera and I'll follow you easy
you're really only Greeks more here if
the floor was lava bar before breathe
blue diamond right so we're just pulling
into bmq right now loads of people in
the conversation said this is one of the
places you wanted us to go and obviously
play the floor is lava so we're here
that was actually really fun in the
place but mom the boys lover for free oh
good ball three two one
okay I didn't think you had it in you
you know I didn't think at yatta India
almost always lava for free - what the
hell shelf lift you just illegally got
on a shelf lay the fourth over four
three two one yo she did it she did it
again I'm struggling I'm pretty
struggling right here Morgan have you
seen anything you like in here so nice
walls Morgan Florida papa
three two oh my god oh my god what's not
with you today
four three two shot in air isn't it
feels like the floor is lava
Oh three two one
oh dear froze upon it he froze it's cuz
I see I think you know one it's cuz I
said it very quietly I just went the
floor is love four three two one you're
getting very lucky you know I'm okay I'm
gonna stain the floor before - no you
can't do it you know I'm getting off
this island off this I live just took
free big file the thought was like a
four three no two one oh wow come on the
foil mother four three two one okay and
lay down and say I'm having a bar I'm
having a bar lay down so welcome down oh
happy so guinea fish pull over
four three two one
oh you got away without one mom come on
the phones are that's for free on now
chairs are allowed yes hahaha it's over
get in it I get my point
Morgan floor is lava for three
you just ahh
Oh get the ball
classic ball under the car yeah we ended
up going to be MQ and getting a squidgy
ball because we're really really really
grow annoyed in some kitchen roll okay
guys so it's actually the next day right
now you're probably wondering Moore's 1
Earth's happened there basically I came
home and I just crashed like it it fell
straight to sleep
now it's not all bad though because one
basically done is I've actually worked
out how many pins we spend and how much
points we both have and guys it ain't
looking good for me let's just say that
I've used 16 turns which means I have
four left and I've earned five points
mom on the other hand who's use 14 turns
to less than me she's got six more to go
but she's earned eight points basically
am I need to come by pretty damn hard
I'm good after give an iPhone a yo hey
iPhone 7 away but you know I'm saying is
if it's bad to do giveaways it's not
really bad to do giveaways I do
giveaways all the time but at the same
time it's a bloody iPhone 7 just kind of
the factor if I'm going to actually
spend that much money on a bloody phone
so yeah it's gonna be really competitive
between me and mum I'm ready
three tell you what you want what the
fight what do you mean I'm sure resolve
it that's another one okay there you
gotta not know you what floor is lava
402 are used to do those genuinely cows
oh wait that means 3 - yes you've now
done 16 and you've got 8 points I've
done 17 and I've got I've got 6 points
so I can still beat you guys I can still
be a show mum you bear for your water is
love
Oh three two one Oh sinks allowed yes
the Dory alone oh yes Tommy's report on
17 you guys I'll go sticks the floor is
lava four three two one oh my god oh my
god do this one you can 18 and 817 and
six guys is all getting pretty dramatic
right now if she wins I give away an
iPhone tie when she gives away clear
products I've been buying bleach and
things my mom to give away for free -
yes yes your pain is good me oh my god
pruno yo we've got a chance bro we've
got a chance this woman has the power to
let one of you guys have an iPhone and I
think she's screwing it up mom you've
used 18 turns and gray I've used 18 and
got seven oh my god
four three two one
yes yes oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god okay get him laid they're just
chilling
well I'm getting tea ready to see Morgan
the floor is lava four three two one
yeah I did it you know I did it yeah
literally
you know I actually knew going outside
was gonna be the worst idea I got for
that yeah I had a mini heart attacks I
knew I couldn't do on somebody against
had already done that but she's got 19
turns eight point I've got 19 turns
eight points Joey's neck and neck I just
noticed mom its neck and neck and it's
on the last point you go on my showing
I'll go on my turn and we both gotta say
my point
we got the exact same point so ever wins
this round wins the entire thing runs in
the hole right now so I can everyone
knows feats the foot steps that's the
only reason I know
the hole is by far the most empty room
in the house so I'm just going to burst
down there I'm just gonna say it guys it
all comes down to this if I don't score
a point here then I'm in trouble
I did it we put up on the same points I
have no turns left you have one turn
left if you get me with your turn then
oh are you can't even win anymore oh you
were sister don brunnen Oh mommy's born
winner winner winner winner winner ruler
with winners I'm fine boy mum's just too
much bigger cried you ball you are I
told it I've been what illness you know
what you know what guys I'ma be a little
bit more positive about this a bit more
positive my spending a thousand pounds
for the end of the day at least I'm
spending on them it's not just like I'm
going out and just burning a thousand
pounds I know one of you guys will be
get an iPhone and will be am very happy
so yeah
looks like you guys didn't get cleaning
products which I think you're probably
happy about when we lend me a thousand
pounds each okay well guys unfortunately
Sunday right now to the Apple shop shop
really early at four it's like six right
now what I'm gonna do is because we're
literally about 50,000 subscribers away
from away from 2 million and barely man
we've been gaining like 10,000 a day in
the moment in of our week we're gonna be
hitting two million and it makes sense
to do this as my big two million
giveaway I mean we could easily do is my
1.95 giveaway or my two mil giveaway I
think the two mil sounds a bit better
right yeah
so I'm gonna go get the iPhone tomorrow
and then as soon as we're two million
I'm going to be giving our way to one of
you guys if you want all days on the
giveaway and when it starts remember to
add my other social media which is
Instagram snapchat and Twitter all the
links will be in the description that's
where you can stay updated and also if
you've enjoyed and you're happy for the
iPhone 7 giveaway remember to smash a
like on the video down below and also
subscribe if you're new
because literally guys like if you want
to give way to be quicker you need to
subscribe because the ceilings wait two
mil that's when the giveaways gonna
start brand-new iPhone 7 we're gonna
basically make my bank account go rip
but you know what mom imma let you do
the art show so if you've enjoyed the
video leave a like and thank you for
watching and we'll see you in the next
video peace out if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe to mugsy's
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis haha thanks for
watching peace out food
