oh hello guys I'm welcome to the what's
in the box
challenge oh my god this is gonna be
crazy and my opponent for this challenge
is going to beat more and bam there we
go mommy's here so if you care to
explain what this challenge actually is
it's a box
I don't know you've not told me you just
said come down and do something with a
box
oh well duh so basically we're taking
turns to be stood behind the vault and
the other person in this case mom can go
around the entire house and find an item
to point the ball anything in the entire
house and then the box might have to put
out in the box and feel it and try and
guess what it without being able to see
it just being able to feel it you can
put anything in this thing I'm also
gonna make this a little bit competitive
whoever guesses the most correct wins
now guys if you're new to my channel and
you haven't seen my ugly face before
remember to smash the subscribe button
down there and why you down there he'll
like mom how many life should we smash
$30,000 we go 30,000 likes guys smash
you like subscribe and also click the
little bell and turn on notifications
for the channel before let's go let's do
this
whoa see to me oh wow expose oh right so
Morgan's turn is back I'm gonna get the
item and put it in the box and I've got
a bag of ice and this is of this one
because I don't see what it is everybody
see what that is
well mold already together right then
one color guy tunable go good or go
again I'm gonna enter my hands Oh
a so it's not not big that's what she
said Oh
upon it it feels like feels like a hand
whoa whoa any ideas we can do closed
want a clue yeah well children like them
Oh broke it oh it's cold it's a breather
it's like an ice lolly
but energized lolly is it can't be a
chocolate you call me a chocolate I feel
like it's two it's not like oh no
seriously you give me a name I'll give
it in sorry take a look yeah
you're kidding you notice actually since
you never cook a fish yeah you've been
beaten by a fish finger Morgan my
fingers even smell horrible now look
there's go not looking over is it let's
move on okay don't move Jane you're back
because it's my turn to go find an item
are you ready yes are you ready don't
 call me physical damage you
can't promise about
guys that is the item in the box ago oh
you should not trust me because this one
is for the owner if I'm starting off bad
single woman reveal yourself single man
reveal yourself
copy man's but reach a box big you know
jelly we won't have to put one hand in
further box mouth oh it's a jelly faster
scene pasta food no plasticine that
gooey stuff you use to make you fidget
spinners go Easter what you call
remember you must know the name Joey
stop go Easter is that your final on
yeah gooey stuff no mom I'm afraid the
correct answer was slime gustavus slime
is the same thing I'm afraid I'm asked
to be harsh and I can't give you that
one that's it now I'm giving you any
jello your mom said yeah see I'm leaving
greedy only go so long he can go right
um no no no no what keep up amen let's
keep going
he turning round it's my turn to get an
item what do you do then
oh this could be a red this could be
listen a one that I'm just buying in the
box
drywall good we're ready to go turn
round single man to build yourself
yo single man reveal yourself
I'm going in for the kill get ready
oh I know it's like this is okay I'm not
going to do it good get this shot good
shot
don't do any I'm sorry so I think is
behind you would pull them till actually
put it in the box and they gonna be
loaded good movies one mil can't believe
I put that one name is Brad Morgan Ryan
Moore regex one nil to you Morgan do you
think of a good one
boys this is this too much I'm gonna
risk it remember I'm gonna give you a
I'm gonna give you a little like safety
precaution don't go in fast go in slow
and careful turn around
just be careful when you go in there I
get any fingers blown off or anything
I'm gonna very very very angry
oh sorry sorry sorry the hounds are in
oh oh my god she's got she's she's she's
grabbing she's got enough mono mono you
go out fairly quick dinner yeah no not
the knife I don't just you ever no you
will never never never never never get
this one right Morgan I will be
staggered if you get this one don't if I
get it then yeah you'll be amazed you've
got you know Chum know
yes yours that's a gift from me to you
so this is my mom you won
you boys back in front Barry's next
round okay mommy's time for another
round
I'm gonna go searching down here into my
cave oh this is perfect
this is bloody perfect Oh woman get
ready for this one stick their hands in
there we go yeah squeeze it I mean you
can do if you want a mind you've ever
risk if it's a risk you willing to take
then give it a go
he'll just realize when you're handed in
the box I can do after one tear oh my
god she's picked up the wall low in joy
there we go mama you got it it's a
stress ball oh my gosh revolting oh my
god that's amazing look at yo she's
fascinated by baseball she's fascinated
mum are you ready for the next round
let's do it right the next one I'm gonna
go for is that I think yeah single mom
easy hmm they say a sewing kit a string
ring thing no no look that's not
anything a sewing kit ring string fee no
more God trying to it
your mom's gone is it four plus four
then is it yeah those are suing kid dude
it's not selling kissing Morgan if you
can guess the name of it amount that you
are this is sewing kit thing you don't
call it a sewing kit Fred it's fine it's
not Fred
it says probably there you cheated me
already
your balls come up can you just get this
bread and sew it back on again no that's
not the right ring and it's not floss is
it say it Richard you're wrong it's a
spread on it mom I'm taking the point
you're not a point because it's easy I
doubt it Morgan c/o condo Morgan I'm
gonna say my boss come up can you get me
clothes on please
yeah Raghu ce o-- t cotton yeah
okay I'm soaking the pool you're not
taking give me the collar give me a
break give me Fred to go free to next
round okay mom we're about to step it up
a notch
I've been saving this one the big guns
guys can you see all this is more much
better be petrified right now
oh my god it's going in guys it's all in
there mom you can turn around now I'm
just gonna say like be careful right
slow movements she's having a big day
grounder be careful
I know it's long and thin mm I was a
lost arsenal said that Tim Hogan shuttle
it's actually very long it feels like
yeah it actually feels like one is it's
me
yes it's not real um though it is it's
now mum free free next round right
Morton single man you've revealed
yourself oh my god oh my god I've gotten
so strong that well I've got it is there
only one yep oh my god what is this
he's saying is it yeah is he it's Brad a
chili pepper pepper what you going for
one or the other
hey thinking are pairs of the peso final
I'm gonna know is it chilly
yo no no you're wrong it's a chilly the
same yeah baby same thing no she's hot
killers a heart sorry Morgan
that's mine you didn't get no I tell you
what keep your point next round
there ain't a chance you can this side
game on for ball game with your gray
ball game on crush Dana game on crush
day guys this is the item right here
what do we think do you think mom's
gonna get it does look right there am i
doing my left under for change
clothes use my Ryan stop today there is
nothing in oh oh she's made contact rain
no oh my god
so he's got a little knob on the end and
that one spot you know a little knobs oh
yeah you should've a little know about
your tail goodbye so now right let's go
in the box at 28 turning around Morgan
put your arms in and close your eyes
close my eyes I still want to be careful
just pawns in close your eyes are you
ready
close your eyes Oh put your arms to the
start out a little bit the hell is that
so I got a point
yeah an easy one is that free all now
know we rubbish out me I'm not a minute
it was free all three all I've just
equalized oh yeah oh I've got a perfect
item guys if you're too fun on my
channel you'll know exactly what this is
oh this is so cool I don't know if your
girl to find it
Oh hidden Oh plenty of different balls
isn't them um there's mail balls this
small man it's a big round ball a bull's
testicle no it's not a bowl testicle is
it a basketball you need to give me the
name of the item a big rubber ring
bouncy ball
it's a squishy ball a squidgy okay we
keep certain fun and on and on
what's that you need to go up a little
bit I can put my finger in there what a
wobbly wobbly we believe all people will
die
with the waffle bowl okay it's a wobble
bubble I'm afraid the score stays of
free--free
so close brah Morgan single man single
man who's been single for a very long
time single man reveal yourself why is
the absolutely freezing there why is it
freezing you're looking very confused
I'm gonna repel the bag oh the lettuce
yes for free your boy is in from
there you ready let's go no yeah doesn't
it for fun there is plastic plans it was
never a plug but there is an extra
conservation house - anything more for
its fall for in 35 if I win this round
it's over I've won come on Morgan one
more guess I've got it yep a hard one if
I get this right then it's all over
- slowly I can tell you're loved up he
found it oh you're so stupid you are
so so stupid it's a little small is a
packet of ketchup no you should have
asked for a clue slow down moves got a
chance now I'm gonna need to get a
really hard one over this one more why
need you do the only face away I need
you cover your ears
hands over your ears ladies and
gentlemen it's bruno time oh I'm here
okay yeah yeah okay are you ready are
you ready more
oh yeah oh girl told you know that means
Bruno you just thought you the wind who
now will mom a you and Bruno gonna go
and celebrate
yeah whoa you know war sells very well
winners when you're watching the winners
play I find the winners well guys
there's the end of this video huge
chunks them shines huge thanks to move
and yellow for being in this video guys
if you want another what's in the Box
challenge remember to leave a like on
the video and comment down below also
the team all shout out for this video
goes to James who says he subscribed and
turned on notifications and he's like to
like on all of my video so she you shout
out to you James if you want the next
one leave a like subscribe and turn the
notifications but guys thank you all so
much for watching and as always I've
been more Bruno's Ben Bruno mum's been
love and we'll see you in the next video
peace out if you enjoyed this video then
remember to subscribe to mugsy's channel
and don't forget to leave a like if you
have a big penis thanks for watching
this happens
