tory's lava four three two one oh two
one the bones lava four three two
awesome Shh
mum mum before lava fire free oh she's
alive
hello guys I'm welcome back to another
video I honestly have not been this
excited to film a video in so long
because today we're gonna be playing one
of these best games of all time Morgan
the floor is lava
five four three two now don't know
English class Morgan got the coffee
table the full of character oh my god
you gonna give me a heart attack
guys today we're off diet care to play
the floor is lava and he's gonna be
literally the funniest video it's just
gonna be amazing I cannot wait guys
let's go mumbles lava five four three
two one
Oh check you get away with this on them
okay guys so we're on the way to Ikea
right now we got mommy in the back I
think she's just staying back there and
then we've got Maltin the bald head if
you're bald I'm joking I love I love all
people
no you don't so guys why we drive to
Ikea I want to say you guys a little
challenge I want to see if you guys can
hit that like button subscribe and turn
on notifications all in five seconds
guys bye
three two one buying there we go did you
do it mom or I can just think they did
it I'm in the conversation if you did it
go well yeah in all seriousness if you
could subscribe to I mean a lot to me
and also leave a like okay guys as you
can see we've just arrived I was walking
in that now and genuine so excited for
today it's gonna be really good
Morgan what floor is live five four
three two that's too easy right I've got
to get better at this guy's has
literally rugs all over I kids just rugs
all over the floor so we're not going to
count rugs and mats
we're gonna do just objects so month the
fourth lava five four three
you got away with this you got away with
it engine Oh mom how'd you feel about
shortening it from five seconds to maybe
four will do four seconds four seconds
guys okay what about Matt another search
for floor is lava four three two one
juice floor is lava again
oh I don't know how to just get on the
sampler are you doing the fours lava 4 3
2 1
only narrowly on the paws all the 4 3 2
something every time you just say it on
that taken out just taking out the trash
Oh what you doing everything in here's
lava except for in that room for free oh
my god
contra away from the surface I swear
yeah trouble the floor is lava 4 3 2 1
you up close you should do it do you do
any size this is mister she just missed
it
my phone's broken
I'm on the fours lava for free what a
shirt
gooey bunch as red bunches the Falls
lava 4 3 2 1 I swear to god you think
this man is big enough the floor is lava
oh not long 2 1 I made it well down
floors lava huh you got a detail you got
to do what you got
survived another one have I lost one yet
I have another got one fear
yeah the four and beds a lover four
three two listen you're like Morgan
Morgan no I do think that the floor is
lava four three two oh that was close
hey this is cool you know began yo this
is actually fun I'm not real alright how
many like should we smash on this video
then I think I should smash the floors
lava for free that can oh good old y'all
just not be good the floor is lava
Oh three two one oh wait nothing no
chairs we signatures
no oh I was too late anyway
oh I just took the easy option the pause
lava four three two
it's not but it's only a little push
something a bantha my sheer how
disrespectful how are they disrespectful
for a month more than its busy near have
you seen any knife some holes I want
some football ray I'm ready
I know you gonna say I'm not gonna say
it I know you show you have you seen any
NASA folks please Plaza no want to click
the reset proper cook the reset wife put
the covered on the floor is larder
three three one that counts right
I can't did you take you think that yep
I still run that one Aubrey slippery
play seen anything you like Morgan no
I'm walking the floor is lava four three
two one
Oh I would do it every time I slowed and
would do every time I'm gonna get you
I'll get you I'm gonna get me I'll get
you but you want the jump torture no I
got you I got any of you leave it in
yeah Martin for over four three two one
okay he got the strength we've got the
arms and Morgan the floor is lava four
three two one
Challenge has got me ribbon in beds mud
floor is lava laundry see on the floor
is lava
3 2 1
okay does this count yeah Oh careful
cool you're right mo Gonzales lon
Oh 3 2 1 you're all rhyme organ but the
floor is louder oh no failed you fail
fail the boys love her for three oh
you're kidding me
I didn't see that one that was literally
right there before lava 4 3 2 1
they actually sized I want some me mum
before and the slippers all over 4 3 2 1
yeah all the ass washed out Mogens you
need any new ropes no you like a rope
don't ya Morgan large lava
4 3 2 1
well done smokin yep the floors longer
you all right Morgan here I'm good
Morgan yeah have you seen anything you
like Oh husband do you like it when the
floors are there four three two okay
well done
scan it turns this before father four
three two one that without a shoe that
was too late
that's the third time what are you doing
you know very good oh yeah it's not your
game yeah got your arm strength to
support the body yes there's too much
bother you know Mom and sit lovely when
you're in a lovely smell a bit and guess
what the floor is lava I'm Oliver Reed
so you've met oh you're messed up are
you joking okay big floor is lava and
you can't fight someone who's been on
for three two one oh you're only losing
you're losing God so it's really arty
I'll say it Morgan but the floor is lava
oh three not missing one oh my god my
stuff again oh my god s again guys I've
just wandered away from mom Garret for
this the pores lava four three two one
oh she balled it she balled it she
fouled it I just said that so nasta not
real guess what the real they are real
yeah is that you both time died in yo
the lavas incinerated you Morgan you're
right lovely puts the club is lava o3
- Oh mine was lava for free to see mines
glued might only need a few seconds -
boys laugh again for bouffier four three
two one though she ready to get mine
three two one
mine and mom the boys lover for three
he's fine she's fine
they both survived Morgan the floor is
lava four three two one
did you do it yes oh my god no one Falls
lover I'm Morgan all your kids I didn't
count okay Oh three okay what I didn't
count I just let the flow is love then
you just run off so I want what all I
was gonna say is both of you
the floor is now our four three two one
two Morgan oh sorry cut till Oh before
lava Oh
three two one shelled it for whopping
one second we just sat down for some
food well floors while have a break
there we go
gonna be good yeah
you
so as we sat down eating the food they
came over to us and asked us to believe
after we finish the food I mean I can't
really complain kind of like we can't
really complain but we didn't get to buy
our serviette we had serviettes in a bag
and we didn't get to buy him so IKEA
joke's on you because you just lost out
of like 30 people from serviette so
we're outside now but that just topples
the boys rather both of you
five four three two hi he gave us an
extra second mole or lava until the
stash for free sitting in this room oh
you guys well guys I really hope you
enjoyed this the floor is lava video I
honestly enjoyed this way more than I
shut up so if you want me to do a part
two to this go to a different place and
do it again even more extreme extreme
extreme then leave a like on the video
and don't forget to subscribe and I will
do it for sure
comment down below which was your
favorite bit from this video and also
don't forget to turn on my post
notifications click the little bell so
you can be first to my next the boys
love a video guys I seriously can't
believe they kicked us out there well me
I kind of can't believe it because you
were kind of you know rune in the store
a little bit but we did clean up after
ourselves guys I know he didn't show any
of it which is kind of boring but like
for example when we like jumped in the
baskets of like pillows and stuff really
kind of straighten out and all that and
on the beds and stuff but still I mean
we really can't complain and we said
sorry to them and everything and we
understand them that so I think I mean I
care on good terms I think we're okay
love you I care I love you spend a lot
more in spent a lot money in your place
well guys if you want to get t-shirt a
fidget spinner a hoodie then check out
my merchandise there's a link in the
description below or just type in
www.google.com and finally add me up on
my other social media I've got snap jab
got Instagram and I've got Twitter guys
all links are in the description below
well guys one more time thank you for
watching I love you all
I hope to see you in my next video and
as always I've been molds you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video hopefully please out if you
enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to mugsy's channel I don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
piece thanks for watching this happen
