it really does feel like slide we've got
slime busy spinners they've actually
work will this slime dizzy spinner
actually spend less by now I want to
know how to make a veggi spinner out
over slave now you were supposed to say
yes ha guys are welcome back to another
video today I'm here with the woman's
the guy extra self Jill and today we're
going to be making the slime fidget
spinners now if you're new to my channel
I feel like I should we save our channel
at this point book if we knew then
remember to hit that subscribe button
down below because we're so close to 10
million subscribers we're yeah it's just
it's just me me
I also remember to turn off my post
notifications by clicking the little
bells mom yes satellite goal I'll be
issues with that and let's see thousands
high 40 don't hit me liar
45 Oh 6500 I goddamn bitch should we say
50,000 yeah guys 50,000 lives for this
crazy slide DIY for you spinner nobody
made me aware I do not my own Finnish
manners which are which of these ones
right here after like two days they were
all sold out and ever since then I've
been getting so many people asking me
more are you going to bring back the
Finnish spinners and restock them no
surprise guys the biggest winners are
now all but they're all back in stock
when you're watching this but this is
the last time they're going to be
restocked so this is your last chance to
get them before they gone forever
they're super cool all metallic
available in loads of different colors
and there's a link in the description
down below where you can get them so
guys the way this is gonna work is
basically this is plasticine you make a
mold with this and then you can fill
that hole with loads of different
objects obviously some people don't like
chocolate today I'm gonna be doing slime
that's why I've got loads of different
slimes let's get started the first thing
we gotta do is open up the plasticine I
assume a lot of you watching this used
to play with clay it all that stuff in
school as well I feel like I'm being
quite relatable right now playing with
clay was just amazing okay there we go
so we've got massive clump right here
fancy go yeah okay
like like down yeah I don't go a lot
just go reckless this realm
roll it now squash it flatten it well I
think you've done it I think that's
enough you know that means put me on the
camera
Morgan don't get over your head oh my
god
it's a cool place this table is just
pretty dough visiting I mean look at
this okay so I've done it I've got the
plasticine and I've just made like a
flat burger shape with it I put on the
table and now the next step is to get
food it's minute it can be any busy
spinner you making the mold which a
slime which is over here is gonna go
into don't let me just pick me it really
doesn't matter I'll just pick the
silverfish Pinner place on there and
then give it a big push down oh god it's
harder than I thought oh well it's
actually a horrible thought I'm not
think on this time you've ever pushed in
the local I bet isn't it oh god more
though as you can see it's fully in
there right now next step you want to
take the fidgets minute backups so I've
got a nice little penknife and just try
and like pull it out oh my god
okay let me just grab a little bit red
from the like the edge and just fill in
these guts a little bit what I want to
do now is just remove like these little
parts that stick up and you can just do
this with again a knife or you brothers
do with your fingers to be honest it
depends how much finger experience
you've got you've got no fingers no no
exactly that's why that's why I'm using
a knife that's what she said that
process is actually prettier this piece
all it is it's not that I doing they're
all Johnson in it yeah won't want to
mess with it and fire to be honest so
you making it nice and smooth
yep movies two things a time
aha I've been a split pretty good enough
that looks cool
come Paul I guys there you go it looks
pretty decent I mean for a first go I
think that looks pretty good you want a
gas British man it can be any physics
pin obviously I'm gonna be using mine I
want to recommend you use mine because
they're pretty dope wanna pop out the
middle bit which is the bearings now in
this case this piece is already popped
out but basically you just want to pop
out the front as well right that and
then you're left with this BAM in the
middle which I believe you can just push
out oh no the tool made move in there
just to well maze compromise to popping
oh okay so we managed to pull the middle
out of the gold one you literally just
have to get the bearing like that place
in and just leave it there and now
wallace in there what you want to do is
now the fun part
pick your slime no thing for the first
one since the base is wet I'm going to
go with green slime because green slime
is just the coolest slide okay maybe
okay yeah there we go so this one as you
can see how it feels kind of solid it's
good though and then if we got any ones
in the barrel I think these are going to
be the cool one because I open one of
these earlier and these were like really
cool okay
and the reason these are cool is because
let me show you they are so like it
looks like a pile of water but you hold
it and you pick it off and it doesn't
like wet your hands it feels like what
like what I fly it really does feel like
slime oh that's so weird in this
openness color look of its to come a
fool I'm just gonna try and fill the
mold with the slime see what I'm doing a
I'm just gonna basically bit by bit just
fill up the mold with the slime like so
mom seriously I want you to look at
guys that we get a winning with a bootie
like slime like they were surprisingly
we've done it we've done the mold so as
you can see this is like a ruddy a runny
fidget spinner who technically made the
finish but however what we're gonna try
and do is go upstairs and basically
freeze this together but I'm not just
gonna leave a warm finish spinner I'm
actually going to make another one at
least I'm going to try to out of this
slime the thing is these molds are
really hard when they first come out the
package they're like hard when they come
out the package let's forget I ever said
that
oh whoa Elmo that's it
I said nicely I know what I'm doing I
know what I'm doing even it could have
squeezed okay there we go
the model is done finish spinner again
we may as well use the same fidget
spinner three - water / it a lot of them
you think you know it really take it out
there we go
Oh God okay maybe I'll never mess of
this one okay I think we can resolve I
think we're all good monk at me go on
fire
look very intense mocha money doing that
yeah I mean it's my passion isn't it so
I'm vicious Vanessa all I wanted to do
my entire life I think we're about done
there we go I mean I look too bad okay
so we've got another berry I'd obviously
like the last one just place it in there
like that and yeah there we go we're
ready to crack on now obviously we're
going to use the blue slime what you I'm
doing like pressing it in like that it
will actually work at the it will
actually work I'm 99% sure it's gonna go
in okay oh yeah we are doing it making
progress making moves making moves it
does feel pretty good quite moist but
like the other one felt quite moist - so
like that everything is just moist more
like a dry moist yeah like a dry moist
how about all types of moist me dry
moist wet moist very
Moyes just a little bit more talking
about any movies yo for real this one's
actually actually go together so much
better than the other one and you
surprised me seriously
look walk quickly
yo this is what is getting its
Citronelle zyk it dopey and sickened boo
mama
well there's one thing well I'm gonna
leave a like if you like it no more get
that mom mom mom silence please
room six
fucking mess so we got all of them here
they're actually both looking really
good the green one is looking a little
bit runny over this one just put it hot
in already I'm pretty sure this one will
be alright
however this one I ain't too sure what
I'm gonna do right now if one will
follow me we're gonna take these
upstairs and put them in the freezer and
freeze them basically we're gonna face
in for now
we've got no space under there we go
into the freezer and no guy is basically
we're gonna leave these farm what you
say mom wait 24 hours maybe Marie yeah
leave a while tomorrow and then we're
gonna come back to you tomorrow and take
Walker then see if they've stole hope
boy they're gonna be alright guys we'll
see you in the next video no guys we'll
see you tomorrow okay guys exactly 24
hours has passed and I am so excited I
have not checked them and I want to see
if they frozen what do you think mom do
you think they'll have works yeah you do
oh my god I cannot wait let's see if the
frozen businessman is at work oh wow oh
my god they look they look pretty frozen
solid to me we've got slime fidgets pit
as they've actually worked oh my god
let's take these downstairs let's get
them out of these molds so we can
actually get the fidgets spinners
spinnin okay they're starting to melt a
little bit so we need to be quick guys
now these mold are pretty hard as you
can tell but oh oh I need you be careful
it is staying together mommy stay
together look at this oh okay okay we've
got a slime a fidget spinner right here
doing something wrong right we've done
some another challenge right
oh here I am for the finishing touch the
MH let's pop it in there okay we've got
the MH on there now it's time for the
big test will this slime dizzy spinner
actually spin left by now they're things
what makes me
oh my god this one all this one's
cocking oh I don't know if this one's
gonna work mom we've got somebody's ass
today
yeah I mean one of them's work I think I
think that's good enough to be honest I
think we need to like exit say that's
success Oh oh my god
oh this is this is really scary oh my
god
no that's doing it that's doing it
thinking wait mom mom oh it's a real
slimy one this isn't it I mean could you
could you say that sex is sex wait I
think Oh spin and the spin test Oh
yo this one keep positive keep positive
guys one of them works and yo this is
just this is super cool a slime vision
spinner and actually spins like they
look at this look at this they smell
like this oh this is an actual slime
vigie spinner I really didn't think this
was gonna work like I'm being serious I
did not think this was gonna work well
guys thank you all so much for watching
this I'm genuinely so so happy we
actually managed to make a gummy jelly
literally this thing it look like it
actually pulls out and like squishes is
getting a little bit more kind of
fragile now and flimsy but obviously
it's kind of I guess kind of melt in a
little bit and get a little bit warm so
it's obviously expanding a little bit
but it's still let's see if we can still
spin it they're kind of but you know we
did get some spins so it's definitely a
success guys tell me in the comment
section what you want me to make a
fidget spinner out of legs because I
want to do more videos of these maybe
make a chocolate one all like and now
what we could do loads of different ones
of these fishing spinners because the
slime one was a success so I want to do
it again you want to catch a little more
that would be good though guys leave a
like you're on a chocolate one and
talking about likes guys if you've
enjoyed your member to smash a like on
this video down below I can't remember
the lights all you want
actually it was 50k wasn't it that's a
huge huge light target guys fifty
thousand remembers to smash alike and
turn on my channel notifications by
clicking the little bell the teamwork
shout out for this video goes to oliver
who told me that he lost my vision
spinner videos any lighter videos
subscribed and turned on notifications
so Oliver you the man and finally guys
if you want to get your own mold species
spinner there's a link in the
description Boston 20 files is gone I
can tell you that they're already
selling out so be quick as always I've
been bored she's been warm you guys have
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe to mug this
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis thanks for
watching
these are outputs
