hello guys and welcome back to the most
talked-about holdable series on YouTube
on talent Oh everywhere
Hudson helpline starring the Jill Hudson
and if you're wondering why I'm not
blonde in this video is because I'm a
time traveler all right just accepted
what video got so much support alive so
mums back again but today if you want
God to come on for the next episode
leave a like on the video hmm and call
it if you want the third episode to be
with mom again well this is the series
where me and her answer your questions
solve your problem and overall just give
you advice because I've said in the
first episode we're just the definition
of success if you looked in the
dictionary you'd see this face are you
sure about that
and that face no with your body given
advise and we're good we said that we
could know guys if this is the first
time that you see me and I'm here on
your screen remember to subscribe to my
channel download I mean so much we're on
the road to 2 million and we're at the
service station we're getting we're
getting close and picked up the Burger
King and the cost of coffee which we're
getting a half-wit puts an outline take
one so if you've got problems you want
us to solve or if you've got confession
or a question send them to Hudson
helpline gmail.com guess Gmail how
professional and you could be in the
next episode of this series but we've
got the signature phone oh let's do this
let's get this started
hey Morgan a quick question for you do
we have any advice on getting a
girlfriend because my friends want a
girlfriend so I wondered if you could
give me any advice so obviously if you
came to the right place just think about
the most attractive and beautiful men
and boys on the planet ladies back then
but one just shines above all they're
obviously obvious to me so it came to
the right place here oh my god
girlfriend what's realistic so obviously
my advice for getting a girlfriend would
just be aa great
beautiful smell of great fashion sense
and finally above that like 1.8 million
subscribers on YouTube because it helps
a lot but you haven't got a girlfriend
even with all that since you're a girl
mom just tell me what you look for in a
gay guy obviously I think when you're
younger you look more like look since
the ones more exciting but I should get
a bit older you can watch sore nose a
bit kind I know where I really love sure
and a butchered first and just someone
who never criticizes you and then okay
next question I'm bored let's go to next
question there may be some keywords in
here that you're not familiar with but
we can always taught you through that so
me my ex broke up because he cheated on
me so - girl yeah and he now has a
girlfriend who doesn't know I exist or
why the ended yeah recently he's the
message in her and tell him/her or
telling me
but she's an amazing shot and he's so
much better than me we broke up six
months ago so the guys tells her again I
don't get why still going on about it I
don't know why he's trying to do but it
really annoys me so what should she do
you go first right well I obviously
still fancies you oh my god iterations
that big accusations cuz why else would
he keep until and I've said locked in if
you can lock in and if he carries on
just threat and just tell him that
you're just gonna tell his new
girlfriend what he did why I probably do
is just go to his house just knock on
the door when he comes down just kick
him in the balls always a great option
once I leave me alone don't even say
anything just kicking the ball it'll
just feel fall to fall ill be in pain
it's always a great option just picking
the balls any solution geom Anya picking
the balls they steal from you just kick
them in the balls
oh yeah nice that's the solution that's
why I say this one yeah this one sounds
pretty pretty serious be honest this is
gonna be one upset serious as this
answer because I can tell
hard time basically he got diagnosed
with large erectile penis syndrome and
we're wondering if you had any advice on
how to be careful when enter the female
with this condition maybe your mom could
help him out your arm on the other imma
do is over the white mom answer take
time lubricant and civic take your time
use lubricant and help serious so I'm a
problem I have an addiction I've tried
to quit but it seems to be getting worse
I've even started doing it for other
people to get addicted as well do her
addiction is she's addicted to YouTube
especially for videos really well I
probably say is just done just do
absolutely nothing about your addiction
keep getting other people addicted let
your addiction get worse this possibly
can because that mean that what a lot to
me I like two boys and one asked me out
I have stronger feelings for one of them
I assume you're one of them and me and
these boy the best mates I feel like the
boy you are stronger feelings for has
been lying to me and I don't know how to
confront him if you like one more than
the other probably don't go out with the
one you don't like as much and the
similar question in the last video and I
think this answer also kind of can work
with this question it's going to be free
some other sch√∂lermann please love it
don't were there many questions where I
can say when I win a dollar French we go
for Freesat de da hood sings I have an
issue I don't that I can live without it
being resolved Jill doesn't have a
Twitter account
that's the change you saw nutrition
comes out there if you are more clever
very own Twitter leave a like on the
video and a steel I can do hi Morgan
I have some friends the always bi TCH
yeah go to stay PG for the YouTube 2017
behind people's backs and I don't want
to be like that I can't leave them
because they're my best friend any tips
on how they can make him less naked get
them in a Facebook group chants say this
these are sight words hello friends I am
having a lot of trouble at the moment
because I feel like I am falling behind
you are are just web what what are you
say if you won't change then I will have
to go because I am a nice person and I
don't want to be a bad word chatter
behind your backs
so because I thought the worst thing
else on this is if you want oh I'll just
say you know I don't know you were just
asking me to do hi I'm in year 7 and
I've been bullied most nights after
school on the bus I get I can't get into
the boss they've hit me in the head with
bowls put gum in the hair slap me punch
me call me names what's the first
rattling why is the bus driver do what I
do is I'd say to the bus driver
I am being bullied and I need protection
the bus driver I'm blaming them really
hard but that person supervising you I
would have said so I think you need to
go to the driver and say someone's do
this to me they've hurt me I want you to
ring the police now always to come or an
alternative you could just hit with a
kazoo but in that another spirit yeah
maybe big I mean akio I don't know where
you never know person right that you
could be the next John Cena
my crush knows I like him and his best
friend told him I was an idiot and a
creep he has blocked me on everything
by still loving what do I do and I just
back away a little bit
they can't be like the dream wattages if
he's blocked you on everything but you
never know maybe it's been dragging into
it
you just got to take a good hard look at
him and think is he really all that is
it really there's a lot of beautiful men
out there what it's a lot of beautiful
women as well obviously so you know
there's plenty of other fish in the sea
all just actually go through in person
rather than doing everything over social
media well that seems like what most
people do these days actually go up and
talk whoa god that's a bit sir that's a
bit modern it's really much attention
get him a little yeah
now two years ago I found out that my
dad had cheated on my mom however they
my mum didn't do anything about it and
they're still together and I've never
felt the same way about my dad since he
seems very shady real sick we say
there's more but still say she loves him
so oh my gosh drama phone trick your
missus no I say you know it's up to you
mother dad and it's up TMO you know
you've always got a reasons for staying
with it well maybe these monsters not
strong enough to just do what's right
well who says what's right I mean it's
listen to it is you know is my mic field
even she can forgive him and she's up
here being with him they're not I'm
gonna answer this one because you know
mom is the more experienced in this
department and ha so I've just lost the
question but long story short it's from
a girl whose best friend started going
out with a boy a few weeks ago and every
time she tries to talk to the girl it's
mainly all about the boys and whatever
she tries to start a conversation with
the girl about something she's just
talked about a boyfriend and she's
really there for her so a question is
how does she talk to a friend and how
does she get her to respond and how does
she get the help so mom I like
well I mean I think you've just got to
kind of understand friends excited she's
got a boyfriend you know and she's
obviously just wants to talk about and
she's gonna be she's sharing that with
you
you got a concern if it's all she's
talking about you got it cop yeah I mean
no but it's just just basically just
kind of say - okay we could have a
little chat about something else I know
you're really excited but can we just
talk about something else for a bit in
something I want to tell you you have a
boyfriend then
you're probably gonna feel safe I do
feel like my suggestion will be a lot
better I think it'll just be a lot more
sensible and just the better option but
I well done for saying something but
okay I know what I do corn before or
messaging a little bit Facebook snapchat
Instagram
I don't mind down below or just
environment I'm just sitting both down
next to each other
look I'm looking both dead in the eye
good one with on I want any other I just
stand down to say these exact words
shall we just have a threesome oh good
it's just the best solution Morgan it's
just the best solution tell people to us
that she's been left out just wanted
threesome she just wants to talk to him
how did you know that you didn't say I
talked to a friend during the threesome
okay Morgan all right well I think for
that it's like it was answers whose
answer the question the best no me Bruce
is the best I think girls are gonna go
with mom when we don't go for free some
whoa that is the end of the best series
of all Thai help line foot sickness foot
some helpline aka know if you've enjoyed
what are they doing wrong leave a like
and leave a lot and let us know
Costello's they'll prepare a pro week oh
well sorry we made your life worse guys
if you've enjoyed leave a like and also
leave a comment down below tell me what
you think of this serie guys a moment to
check out all the social media which
will all be in the description Twitter
snapchat Instagram a loss of a
merchandise the link will be in the
description to my snapchat morgue hood
so my Twitter mortgage my Instagram is
more whitey and the merchandise is wwwo
but that is my it guys so as always I'd
be more
cheeping mom you guys have been awesome
and we'll see you in the next city and
peace out if you enjoyed the video then
remember to subscribe to mug this
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis okay thanks for
watching peace out put
