right guys the ever heard of the show my
strange addiction you probably have if
you somehow happen trust me you're about
to young guys and welcome back to
another video on my channel today we're
gonna be reacting and watching some of
the most crazy my strange addiction
because I've seen quite a few of them in
my recommended on YouTube but I've never
actually watched them so I thought what
better way than to watch them in a video
so me and you can watch them together
because you know we're family now guys
if this is the first time that you've
seen me on your screen remember to leave
or leave a like on the video down below
and also subscribe to my channel I'm
hella close to 2 million guys I'm
getting close so if you could subscribe
that's why I'm hood fell down again you
know what maybe I should just leave the
hood doll yeah we could subscribe and
like the videos I'd be amazing let's try
and get 20,000 likes on this video but
as I was trying to say I'm getting close
to 2 million so if you could subscribe
that also be amazing but guys I know you
bodyboarding me talking already you want
me to get started with a video so ok ok
calm down I'm gonna keep you waiting any
longer let's let's get this started
bow before that if you couldn't I'm
joking I'm joking ok let's actually
guess that's my name is Casey I'm 26
years old I'm from Fayetteville
Tennessee and I'm addicted to carrying
around my husband's urn I take my
husband everywhere to the grocery store
shopping ooh babe look at that that's me
why why do Casey and Sean were married
in 2009 after dating for 10 months I
feel bad for a boy like give us just a
little bit weird isn't it isn't it like
if I ever got a girlfriend or got
married obviously never gonna happen but
if I ever did and they died I wouldn't
carry around there oh now oh my god my
name is Tamra I'm 33 years old I live in
Jonesboro Georgia and I'm addicted to my
pillow
yo I'm not even weird that isn't even
weird that one I've got nothing wrong
with that one really how I actually lost
my pillow the thing is with me I've got
four pillows right but there's only one
there's only one pillow that I actually
sleep with the other three I was like
choking off the bed only I know the
connection that we have I know that when
I touch it everything is going to be
better
Tamara has been addicted to her pillow
since she was four years old she carries
it at least 18 hours a day and treats it
as a best friend oh okay no no okay
maybe maybe it's not no but I don't
treat it like it's my body best friend
maybe I should do though because so have
any friends they ask you how you are you
just have to say that you're fine my
name is Evan I'm 28 years old I live in
Seattle Washington and I'm addicted to
pulling hair out of shower drains the
only fuel has so much fun you just be a
hairdresser it's stress relief for me I
have this anxiety and then I get the
hair and I'm like BAM I'm really how
does that come around like how did you
just get addicted to pull in herre
shower drain now he collects hair from
drains
up to three times a week often you got
something a little bit more productive
to be doing with your time rather than
putting pulling out shower drains so I
mean I'm talking about being productive
with time I'm the one side reacting to
this so you know I'm not really any
better my name is Rachel I'm from
Augusta Georgia I'm engaged I'm a social
butterfly but I can't stop picking scabs
oh there's some bad this was about I
don't know watch it on a watch as I got
older I would actually cut open a few
layers of skin just to have more scabs
to pick it what I first noticed Rachel
picking when she was about three or
three and a half wide understand that I
said actual mother like I get it is hard
to treat an addiction but if you're the
mother in your daughter is crying
herself just to open freaking scarves
like what you just maybe just say you
know that's not the best idea or just
buddy stopper doing it or something like
guys bad parenting like that bad
freaking parenting my name is Riley I'm
25 years old I live outside of Buffalo
New York and I'm addicted to being in it
Oh baby I just as a baby as often as I
can imagine this ride she's on a mental
night out club in Mesa blow is into her
she's into him they both go back to her
house hooked to a bedroom and then he
sees that imagine what he'd be thinking
Riley has turned her bedroom into a
nursery she sleeps in her crib every
night my team turns I explain to someone
why your room looks like that man let's
say maybe on a visitor came up Jerome
imagine explaining to them your
addiction of Oh since the shell a
relationship it really hasn't changed to
be honest I mean we are still extremely
supportive of each other is that a
bloody doll chi-chan actually really
enjoys foot rubs that's probably one of
our favorite things in the world how
would you even know that it's not real
how can you know what she put he likes I
think people think having a synthetic
partner is strange because it's just so
out of their realm of possibility it's
not that it's out of my realm of
possibilities just that in my free time
I don't want to pretend that a freakin
inanimate object is alive
okay they'll get off Honda seriously I
just think it's a matter of time before
more people are choosing the synthetic
option yeah you know because why have an
actual real loving partner when you can
ask an inanimate doll in 50 years time
instead of marrying an actual human
everyone's just gonna marry dolls that's
when the world will be a bad place
my name is charissa I am 56 years old I
live in Phoenix Arizona and I'm addicted
to my girlish dress I couldn't think of
an animal that I would rather not be
addicted to than a bloody hairless rats
actually maybe like a crocodile or
something
now our studio apartment overflows with
52 of them imagine she has to move out
of the apartment then the delivery van
has come by mover furniture and stuff
instead of like sofas and beds you've
just killed 52 hairless rat cage I
wonder what like the delivery man thinks
when he knocks on the door she opens it
and behind it he's just 52 bloody house
rats all in little cages
I bet he's always thrilled to go there
my name is Natasha I'm 40 years old and
I'm addicted to eating play masks
it tastes wonderful like wet rocks what
why is why is wet rocks an example of
tasting wonderful like wet rocks like
that sounds disgusting model like gold
the clay mask that I eat starts off in a
very fine powder sort of like when you
get sand in your mouth Oh God when I go
to this beach and I always get bully
sand in my mouth after like swimming and
I wash it up one show after I put it
around other most horrible thing ever
son do disgusting like I was a ho I
don't even want to think about he in
that mud like I'm genuinely oh she's so
hooked that she consumes up to a jar a
day and even replaces meals yeah what
how many calories are in that
hmm my bill all calories and I coulda
saw the caves instead my name is Kyle
I love days and grandmas oh wow the
first addiction I actually agree with
guys I'm I'm joking don't worry my name
is Adam I live in Hollywood California
and I am addicted to being Madonna don't
have any words for this one to be honest
my name is Galen I'm 18 years old I live
in Sacramento California and I'm
addicted to eating plastic
imagine right you win via round to your
house to like play xbox or something
past the remote and then are nowhere IV
in 12 remotes over 5,000 beats over a
thousand cocktail sword I've never
actually tried plastic I think this is
plastic so let me just ah Oh God about
25 plastic glitz on to-go cups no I know
people buy this chozo like I'll be the
first one to admit you know every now
and again I bite my stool this is a
glass eye an alien you know I bit last
sure like that's fairly natural but I've
never once wanted to freaking eat my
straw right guy is nice why I'm gonna
end this video I can't even take any
more that was a really really strange
experience guys if you've enjoyed
remember to leave a like down below um
please subscribe to my channel and also
check out my other social media and my
merchandise in the links in the
description below I'm just wrong our
brand new fidget spinners that out right
now so go to www.calculated.com/support
ee to that color but but if you have an
addiction that's a little bit strange
tell me what it is in the comment
section below my strange addiction would
probably be getting hair custom make me
like i've got a bird's nest on my head
but guys i hope you enjoyed the video
once again and as always I've been bogs
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video peace out if you
enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to mugsy's channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis thanks for watching
