when I was 12 my own mom had sex with me
hello guys and welcome back to a brand
new series on the channel this is hoods
and helpline where me too soon I made
mom well actually Jill Watson book sorry
actually this is a new series I'm gonna
be doing as well as my blogs to kind of
make the channel a little bit more
interesting
basically smear mumble are gonna answer
your questions and give you advice
because you know you're better to go for
one advice than an absolute dropout fail
you're like me no lady like me will help
you fail no we'll do our best
no I want to know if I've ever sowed -
do you guys want me to do the second
episode with my mom or my dad if you
want me to do it with my mom they'll
leave a like on the video and if you
want me to do it with my dad then leave
a comment on the video mom what we were
saying go for dad walk for dad oh god
not lasting can go from one so you leave
a live Carolus
let's see often so yeah quite you've
you've been same in the comment section
as well as the wall you want me to do
some more videos like this so this is a
brand new series we're gonna be trying
to do every like week or maybe like two
weeks old on I haven't actually said how
you send in the problems and the
questions guys if you have a question or
a problem you want help with then send
it till the email Hudson helpline at
gmail.com and everything this sent in
will be anonymous so don't be afraid if
you've got something that's a bit
embarrassing or maybe you just don't
want everyone to know if you something
personal ways and ours and you obviously
our expertise will help you out but guys
got a phone well let's dog that was
super the outline Oh problem shared is a
problem huh that's a good saying no so
the first one looks a little bit winner
so my mom is a bit everfree this is
gonna sound weird but my mom has an
addiction to smelly feet you'll be good
edition good transfer
let me explain someone more my fat
smelly feet then she tells me randomly
to get my fiallo smell them and then she
decided to lick a fork to be better if I
was her I'd probably just like by your
mum like when Christmas should buy a
really nice shampoo or maybe like a bar
so it's like maybe take her to get a
nails like a manicure
they go that's great advice take em all
nails your pedicures you feed by and mom
and shut up by your mom some nice foot
cream get some fuck reaming a manicure
pedicure for God's sake guys know the
thing if we smell let me get your nails
titles for a whatever he's a 13 year old
boy from Miami kind of already jealous
cuz I'm when a man absolutely turn it to
the place he needs help with a girl he
likes
okay Oh how does he tell her they like
to avoid embarrassing himself and when
is the right time to tell her now I
think I've done Swiss versus I've got
some great advice now you've got good
experience shuttle another exit shuttle
now the better you know the best way to
get a girl's attention in my opinion get
your friend to ask you out for you go
puppet go you seven go in your seven I
mean it fancy that Gail can you go in a
crowd for me and then it'll go over and
then she'll say yes and you'll be saw
they called you what would you say I
would just say to stop talking to her
and ask if you can carry a back for her
and buy some special sweets sweets
accord I do person thing my advice is
bird
to do it it's all always work boys fall
asleep from my experience in year four
a few moments later so this guy's had an
absolute nightmare
he's having a really hard time in the
moment not yet asleep panicking so much
he's worried he feels it could change
his life forever
the problem is he doesn't know what to
call this fish it's not getting enough
sleep because he's worried about what to
call this fish well we had to fish
didn't live and we just fell over the
sponge and bulb just call this one job
all day yeah question dawn oh so good
one so there was a girl he likes
but best mate likes a two and he doesn't
know that he likes her and advice on
what I could do yeah then he says keep
up the great work so thank you
so you animate birth like a girl okay
it's a tricky one presum that's the best
actually yeah there yeah no ignore
Morgan
well that's mine so I'm saying that
you've done that you know like I'm not
even mention I think it's a tricky one
you've got to think it was more
important to me the girl or the boy on
the other end you've got as much right
to like her that's what your friend does
awesome summer threesome
meds for solving problems not not making
people get sexually active oh my gosh
jeez okay I'm gonna read this one
because it just look about 25 girls long
right now I have my GCSEs coming up in
year turn really fry ended scatter
Phelan if she fails she feels like she's
scrapped entire future and show struggle
secondly feels really I can't say the
bloody word anxiety getting worse
because when I get it when traveling
walk in school in school and in class
and all a job lastly is in class one day
and two boys tried getting involved in
mine and my friends conversation then
this person had the audacity to call but
but because I'm at me I like to make
things worse I went home that day didn't
need dinner went straight
she say she really needs some to talk to
you don't know what you can do and to
really someone self I think you're not
on your own I think there's a lot of
people we're going to be in exactly the
same position and I think now there is a
lot of pressure on kids for school a lot
more than when I was at school and
that's like a long long long time ago
and you know if you don't do as well
with your exams then you know there's
still gonna be a lot of other things
that you can do you showed up well so
I'm just gonna I'm just gonna leave
you're into that there you go
the other thing is you probably not even
I'm not gonna say fart on that same fast
everybody's different but people just
try and hurt you by saying things try to
put you down yeah okay next question
whenever this person asked it is if it
did if he's adopted they give him a
weird look buddy says what you think
it'll just is mum and dad can I assume
so dog enjoyable is it why do and I
welcome that sim down and say sit down
that's it sit down get like a weapon
like maybe like a comb and just say
welcome in the eye and just say am i a
mistake no grinning serious face and if
they say yes then you get your comb and
your freaking comb the hair you comb it
so freaking well it all comes out yeah
okay I'm not sure if this one's serious
for lunch we'll say regardless
hey morgues and Maude mom hey one can't
be real other thing for you guys when I
was 12 years old
brackets I'm 16 now my mother had sex
with me oh the girl reasonably with
glasses oh my god well this is probably
is it going into detail yep
he didn't know what to do he just went
along with it it scarred him for life
once he realized what I'd done well I'm
gonna take that is
yes and your little sod if it's not
you're lying that's not very nice but
you need to talk to somebody you need to
talk to a grown-up my advice would be
get the hell off important outline and
go see go to the therapist or someone
because I can't help you I'm in love
with a girl brackets I am a girl I'm
told my family but now they hate me for
it
Jesus would you hate me if I was in love
with a boy and I was a boy which I'm a
boy barnacles and had won't make any
difference to me at all to this person
what would you suggest because you're a
loving parent clearly this person's
parrot are as loving since I'm gonna let
you answer this because yeah what was
the question again
well you're just gonna do what you are
what you are you know you can't change
it there's nothing wrong with it
and I think it's just a case that your
parents will eventually accept you we're
not responsible if we like boys girls
tomato you know tomatoes bananas you
just what you are not sure what you are
so I think give it a bit of time that
you wanna branch any packages you're
still talking okay guys the last
question now this is a fairly like
affair like interest in what I'd say
hi I'm 16 I earn a decent alimony and I
like to treat my mate with gifts but
whenever I need any help or anything I
don't get anything help wise but what do
I do
this is a tricky one this you want to
Julie your first 100 first and I think
it's trick kicks if you've got if you're
a generous person you've got money then
you do want to treat people but you've
just got to be really careful that
they're not using you sad to say you
know it may be that they just don't
they're a bit victim they don't realize
that you know unique hell I said be
really upfront about it you know
don't say I need you to help because
I've given you something or bought you
something so you're not buying it some
of them something to just so the hell
yeah I would just say you know I need
help with this and just see what the
reaction is and if they won't help yeah
and you know then I kind of think are
they really proper mates don't anybody
you know she won't be money what I do is
I'll get all your friends in like the
group shell whatever I'd say we got 17
free iphone 9
at my house right now so everyone come
round right warm all in and then once
they're here trap them in your garage
just leave them for the rest of their
lives I thought were given sensible
advice by sensible you know if they're
using your I wanna tea or maybe if you
want to take it a step further than a
salad if you want genuine advice what
you could do we're going to chat like
I've gotten a free iPhone 6 come round
if you want it the ones that come round
a fake and kill them off for the ones
that don't come round they're the real
ones I was going to come round if you
were up for an iPhone so I'd be round to
your house oh you know looks like
standing the Irish girl wallet well guys
I did for the Hudson helpline if you've
enjoyed remember to leave a like down
below and subscribe to my channel if you
are new we're getting closer and closer
to 2 million so if you could subscribe
that mean a lot to me and tell me what
you think in the conversation of this
new series who gave the best advice oh
yeah totally call it so choice remember
to check out my other social medias
Twitter snapchat Instagram and my
merchandise all the links will be in the
description below my merchandise
Dubi Dubi Dubi Molko my twitter is more
good soon but snapchat Mortenson and my
instagram is moore's whitey
that's my guys as always I've involved
she's been mum you guys been awesome and
we'll see you in my next video peace out
if you enjoyed the video then remember
to subscribe to mugsy's Channel and
don't forget to leave a like if you have
a big penis
thanks for watching peace out boots
