hello guys and welcome back to another
vlog I am currently naked right now I
have no idea why I just told you that
I'm going upstairs to get a shout out
because my hair looks like a dead rodent
in fact no it always looks like that but
like usually it looks like a dead road
and this just been like stabbed or
something right now it looks like a dead
rodent that's just been obliterated by a
boss well yeah I'm going to get my
shower guys so give me two seconds okay
that's two seconds I'm gonna get my
shower sometimes I think what would life
actually be like if you were shower
constantly give give give out fresh
water what you get in return my body
sweat and occasionally a little bear we
I just realized how to shower even
though in two hours I'm playing football
only to get sweaty again I am such a
fuck to guys I've just been saying
reading the comment
it literally seems like every single one
of them is just about my hair morgues
your hairs dead what's that on your head
mom's your hair looks like a rotten
pineapple like what were you serious
guys is it really that hard to
understand I actually just like my hat
oh hey how's it going vodka can I reach
my friend to come around and sort your
hair out it looks a right mess you gotta
be kidding me
do you know what guys serious moles mode
is on right now this is 100% serious if
we get 100,000 lights on this video yes
I said it 100,000 likes I will dye my
hair I don't mean spray dye I mean I
will literally die my hair fully born
I'm hundred percent serious no jokes
hundred thousand wide are go blonde I'm
not saying any more because personally I
don't really want to go blonde my guys
hundred K and I love yellow her I'm a
good shot at the car go hundred K likes
oh good so guys you know me you know mom
we love to play pranks on each other I
think I've played about ninety nine
thousand on her and she's done about one
on me but still ladies and gentlemen
boys and girls whatever the genders
exist I'm not even sure anymore this is
officially the start of the prank off
the poor girl story more than normal
mom this is coming straight to you you
know it's just serious because I'm tuned
to taught you through the camera rather
than just going upstairs where you are
right now before I was showing mercy now
there's no mercy
no games anymore you better be scared
you better be scared more hide your kids
yes the other ones you don't know the
terror that's about to rain down on you
and guess what ladies and gentlemen is
starting right now over here I have the
first item I'm gonna use to prank mom
today good summer good Oh real-life
prison handcuffs oh my lord
this prank off is gonna be real guys
we're gonna go downstairs now and try
out the first prank more before that
today's team all shoutout goes to Chris
Stephens you said he turned on the
notifications subscribed like and also
commented so shout-out to you Chris if
you're the next team ugh shouts out in
the next video leave a like on this
video comment down below subscribe to my
channel and turn on my notifications but
prank off starts now baby serious mode
activate finally oh my god guys tank off
starts now let's do this
basically what I need you to do is sit
down on that chair just just shut your
eyes and that's all you have to do just
trust me it's not gonna be anything bad
brain it's not gonna be spray I promise
it's not any type of spray it won't hurt
ya
yep magic trick that's all is okay from
this yet we need to shut your eyes it's
a magic trick okay pass me one of your
hands that's all I need to do see look
it's not her is it if you get this arm
ear and put it down like that down like
that I'm just gonna clap that one in
like that oh yeah I have the key I have
the key and I got stars down no more I'm
done with waiting
pass me my phone then in a bottle of
wine
all right mall I went to the toilet
oh you slip your gun put your Z yeah
I'll show you because it's something
that you might need to know for the
future to promise you
yeah promise seriously I will show you
how to get out we can adjust our them
have you done it oh so what I did was
can you say I've seen Marisa I did
actually just pull it out so the key
things
so this prank originally backfire on me
now is just by five on you again I did
it for now I'm gonna get from them ya
know all I need to do the full mouth
yeah we our gals and if I should beat
you on Bam Bam no it's not for the full
moon promise yes it's fun obviously I'm
the only other kid no Johnny Johnny yes
all Morgan let me out that's a child
dying of me and then forget about the
kids okay mom mom I'll make you a deal
okay if you don't look I'm gonna hide
the key in this room and then I'm gonna
just let you try and find it what are
you doing oh oh you own you have not
this is the famous YouTube star
Jill Hudson to play hot/cold yeah okay
cold do it I can't move my hands oh come
on this is the first time you've ever
been called hot in your entire life
cheers morgue they stopped being called
it wants you never are oh oh they're in
the pen arm it's in the bin insert Oh
got you this good it's in the selfridges
if I put in the Selfridge you didn't
side of it I'm not even a knot in it
like on top of it
really yeah come on Beast movin in the
bin no it's not I said enchilada hot hot
cold
Oh moved in it could be hot and cold I'm
in the same place
very hot you've been in you're literally
on fire money on fire okay seriously I
can't
shit I shouldn't under I think she's
actually done that I think she's
actually doing this it should go okay
she's got okay we're lost ourselves just
shove it in different places that's my
strategy for first time I don't find the
whole it goes in and I can't see it
where's the hole I don't even know where
it is that's relatable yeah why'd you
back into the first first episode of
prank are this Franklin your way love
guys have got the same woman who
couldn't even take hands out of
handcuffs when she's got the key in a
hand coming ours
I'm so nervous oh oh god mom Bosco's
battle scars already she's feeling the
effects of the prank are so since our
just prank mom pretty damn hard don't
get me wrong the prank off is still
going on but you know I'm gonna give you
a little bit of like a love of a gift
oh come on present for Mom oh oh it's a
full day and it says this is the best
gift she's received Oh ever except for
obviously me coming out here that's look
I might showed him um working to get one
frog and the link in the description
below
there you go munch I on can't walk it
then I think I look like I'm on a
catwalk darling all the girls out there
a lot a lot like if you look as
beautiful as this woman right here
probably never gonna sell another one
now it's lovely actually it's really
calm fade you like it my favorite outfit
not navy blue
yeah embroidered logo though I'm off to
football right now I'm gonna show you a
few videos while I'm playing just on my
phone however I'm literally the worst
football of all time asking a lamppost
to do a backflip is like asking me to
score a goal it just doesn't happen but
you know it's not about the goals it's
about them exercise so yeah guys I'll
see you soon
you
I think that one clip just sums up my
entire footballing ability I believe or
no guys I scored like 15 goals everyone
said it was like the best player by a
mile it was like really Morgan why are
you talking about stop lying to the
camera I have to pick you up after two
minutes cuz you got injured god I'm
gonna go get a bath
oh what a phenomenal light that is time
to wash away all my sadness and
depression that was nice
well guys it's getting later on right
now I think this is why I'm gonna end
the vlog don't click away just yet
though basically there's only a few days
left before the ten percent off sale
ends on my merchandise if you want to
save 10% on all merch use code morgues
Tennant check out right now literal
because in a few days it's gonna be gone
they'll be link in the description to
our merchandise please add my snapchat
my Twitter my Instagram all links in the
description as well as the merchandise
if you want the shout out in the next
video remember to leave a like subscribe
and turn on my notifications and guys
thank you so much for watching the vlog
as always I've involved you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe to mugsy's
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis thanks for
watching peace out
