so today could be either a really really
happy day or an absolutely terrible day
60mm every day let's do this yes these
are pajamas no match dr. Watson a few
moments later guys remember how
literally like a few days ago I was I
was saying well done England because the
weather was actually nice what an
absolute bloody disaster
seriously anybody fell for this unit
haha look at the location he blends in
so much you can just see his little eyes
there's a cute thing every month anyway
yeah a busy day fun today well the first
thing I'm do today is go to the dentist
seems like all the scary things are just
happening at once I went to the hospital
yesterday now I'm going to the dentist
like oh you guys probably like see me
suffer so I mean I guess that's
something
well yeah guys time for another
challenge is just like yesterday instead
of giving you 10 seconds i'ma give you 9
seconds guys you've got 9 seconds to
leave a like on the video subscribe down
below and turn on my notification
starting now
sleep that was a weird beep did you do
it did you do in time let me know down
below if you did in time but yeah right
now we go into the dentist and I am I'm
pretty nervous once again well mom I
know you well so how you feeling good
um no do we have to go like
realistically
I can't leave somehow you've made me go
to the hospital for the injection and
the dentist literally the next day how
do you manage that you're at Milton
you're a collar laid-back than an LP now
no I'm gonna do yours or the first is
bigger you are on rejection the capital
nothing it was great we pulled out to to
bring so much return psych guys Laura's
all I went in sat down literally they
looked at my teeth
what did they say they said they were
perfect pushing the only thing that was
wrong with him was like was a little bit
of plaque on like the bottom ones which
they like the bottom two they said
except for that they were perfect
honestly it's just a perfect guy honor
anyway we've literally just pulled up at
McDonald's because what I'm going to be
doing today in this video is I'm gonna
be going to the drive-through I'm going
to be dying like one of every burger or
loads of different burgers and I'm just
going to be making the biggest Chinese
DIY McDonald's burger I'm going to try
out some different flavors see what
works see what doesn't
mom it's going to be awesome you're not
using us yeah you're probably can yo I
and you can yeah so I think I'm just
going to get like let's say like a Big
Mac like a water no that's that's very
good oh well hi hi can I have one Big
Mac
kind of a six chicken nugget it come a
chicken legend and what's awesome is
that barbecue and kind of a curve a
quarter pounder and kind of a
cheeseburger kind of a
a mid chicken sandwich now they're kind
of a filler fish actually make it make
it to fill officious please come out
some chicken selects for you with like a
barbecue dish will go with a quick kind
of a half-full pie kind of a McFlurry
are we go is that one of them I sweet oh
and a cover large Diet Coke as well yeah
that's everything Thanks oh he said so I
said 2888 that's pretty good
and then you've not brought your money
I'll pose your bar
but home now here with the beautiful
food itself
look at this free bags McFlurry there
i've demolished the diet coke and then
we gone on to say hello lousy i was it
going it's going good
so it's good opening i can get some of
that mcdonald mom are you ready to meet
the craziest burger ever
no retweet hello rune oh yeah are we
gonna trap Otto don't drop in bruno
bills perfectly Oreo McFlurry very very
nice we're going to see what's in this
side here we've got a classic mix
chicken sandwich give machado basically
a little bit of mayo chicken and lettuce
first burger we'll pull out that a
quarter pounder with cheese now I don't
really like cheese but I mean when you
got all the flavor I think I don't add
yourself have it I don't really care
quarter pounder with cheese there you go
here classic cheeseburger and it says on
the box that only one big much seriously
everybody loves a big much check and bag
moving on apple pie
now I just kind of I was bottling up and
I think it all water burgers and they're
just thoughts to grow a license by some
random stuff they've got apple pie
there's a barbecue did put that in there
we've got some chicken nuggets just a
nap on mmm-hmm oh my god ah buh buh
10:03 chicken Celeste now I think these
are neither than chicken which I'm not
even lunchtime aguado saying it you know
how we have the we have to fill out
fishes and wait on these waiting on me
the cheese the fish the sauce and the
bone
look at that boom Contessa that I only
know this sense mas smooth the final
thing a barbecue chicken legend
obviously only legends can either sus
wives on it
I love everything on this burger so much
the barbecue the chicken the lace this
is like my I think this is my favorite
thing in McDonald's we're gonna add that
there and there we go are you ready for
it
been a while since I've done this
tomorrow we're all
tonight now it comes down to the
football we're going to make make a huge
burger out this thing I think you're
let's start with the big man but what
I'm going to do is I'm going to take off
the bun I'm going to go into the chicken
nugget free chicken nuggets right now
like that built a fish face down like
that does that not or they just look
amazing I'm going to get the barbecue
sauce that is all it needs okay oh my
god done locally so good you know what
I'm gonna grab the chicken selects I'm
going to do I can do with it they
stopped pretty well just kind of is it
like a little bubbly self I'm hoping
it's going to help people in together
yeah we see Bobby Jon blue obviously
I'll be glue so this just in you can
Mayo is of it looking me over put I
don't know I hope our buildings usually
look it up you know what monk put aside
the awful part no I'm on that set for
itself never tried the apple pie from
again you never but everyone always says
amazing kind of grease in High pretty
nice but it is quite recently gonna
place a little girl now like that
cheeseburger cheeseburger till we get to
try it and let you know I think I need
some more barbecue in photos Oh blessed
look who's watching yeah just in case
you drop any oh he sounds a little and
placed on like that so nice oh my god
Joey is pretty well back now I don't
know my donkey still got two more
burgers left my question is no we go
friend Trey so I'm thinking oh y'all the
chicken Otis did overall numbers let me
down I don't believe it remove them
nuggets
screw the no good arm sorry I don't mean
that I don't mean that can't say that's
about McNuggets the biggest five we're
gonna remove the know goes I'm caught
almost October I'm gonna grab this this
has got a lot of this sauce on it some
was going to totally style done on there
like that and I'm a fine all the ways
that double good herb will you can
barley glue gets smaller we're going to
gain weight leave it they told me I got
it I got it mom I got it just won't see
the hand
we're gonna go for without the chicken
legends here I don't really know how I'm
gonna get it on I'm gonna try baby just
do that and then maybe just put that put
on top what I thought always what we
saying thank eyes without further ado
here is the altar
from ghost vici destroy DIY McDonald's
burger don't you think it's lucky to
look at that she's elected bakers oh oh
okay okay movies bowling okay guys so
did it genuinely looks so nice oh my god
little of it would you have ever tried
to combine I don't know how I do this ah
oh oh nice Morgan Oh looks like a got a
lot of flavor
it looks like there's enough for two of
you there to an adult soon so are you
gonna let your try
really mm-hmm Rylan mommy
moms are currently reconstructing the
burger there we go look it up what did
you even get a bit there go try not it
oh no oh God
after to do this look at it yeah
waiting on seconds we forgot the milk
floor eight
no no oh god I called it I got down I
called a bitch it games shooting a
little bit they only give a little bit I
don't want animal caster always tell me
I'm not any little noise just to earn
your I'll go look at your on the barbie
glues all over a few moments later
honestly though I am actually really
surprised about the dentist like was
genuinely expected a lot of filling or
like loads all over I don't know I I had
really bad had a really bad expectations
in the head I went in literally they did
like nothing I'm like I was I'm
genuinely so surprised but guys later on
today I actually said later on today in
a few hours I'm actually going to the
Sheffield Wednesday Huddersfield game
the second leg of the playoff the first
game was nil-nil
over at their place obviously I'm going
to the one on our place I've been a
season ticket holder so I am literally
so excited for this much but at the same
time I'm really really nervous if you
don't follow football I'll give you a
little explanation later on but yeah
guys we're going to the footie match
later
and I'm pretty done nervous also guys
today's Teemo shout-out goes to die
said he's been subscribed to 10,000
subscribers so huge shout-out to you
done and if you want to get the next
team mole shout out in tomorrow's vlog
all you have to do is leave a like on
the video subscribe to my channel turn
on my post notifications and tell me in
the conversation when you've died you do
all that you'll get the next shout out
tomorrow but today's shout-out goes to
Dan so thank you bro does I'm not sure
she can hear that but guys the sound of
mum hoovering all and I don't know if
we're thinking on the same page here but
for me that means time to try and scare
Oh
so I've just got back from the game calm
down a little bit don't really want to
talk lion-o go light I hate my life I'm
going to include some of the clips from
like obiter when we were women and then
I'm just going to scrap the rest of the
clips and just burn them and just get
rid of them never to be seen again
played alright played well even game my
dance penalties and they just just did
it this sad but I think I'll get through
am i right guys I hope you enjoyed this
video by the way if you've enjoyed
immensely I like and subscribe down
below for more daily vlogs remember to
turn on my post notifications to my
channel so you can be notified when I
upload and get to the videos early i'm
remember to check my other social medias
i'm my merchandise or the link shown is
in the description below hope you
enjoyed this vlog guys and yeah i'll see
you guys tomorrow
and yeah i'll see you guys tomorrow
peace out
