I'm feeling more good little bit worried
hello guys I'm welcome back to another
daily vlog 6 p.m. every day let's do
this so as you can tell right now I am
back home and in today's vlog it's gonna
be a different one I'm actually quite
nervous for this vlog like it's gonna be
very very very different nose midday
time right now and mum why my what am i
doing what am I about to do right now
we're going to the hospital to get your
vaccinations go go get needle stuck in
me and I don't know if this is just me
right leave a like right now if you
agree with me but does anyone else just
hate needles so I just see any needle
just pop up why it just makes me makes
me a little bit scared and not know
glide and it actually form faint ones
when I got a blood test now a few things
first of all I'm gonna give you guys a
little challenge right now basically I'm
gonna give you guys 10 seconds to
subscribe to my channel leave a like on
the video and turn on my YouTube
notifications starting now
by okay did you do it did you do it did
you subscribe like an internal
notification and why do you think
directing they did it yeah well I hope I
hope so come on and what we do that
sounds like someone saying Morgan you
your new hat looks really nice and we
got ya to talk Taylor guys this is one
of my brand new hearts now these aren't
available yet but guys they will be soon
and if you excited for these two job
tell me in the comment section as you
can see these are the mah stitched
embroidered design on my eyes and you
guys always say I wear hats so much so I
decided to make my own and I cannot wait
to drop them guys all in my merchandise
Twitter which is in the description for
more updates for guys let's go to
hospitals don't wanna come but they want
to go come on I'll go with you so imma
go I'm gonna miss the appointment
go-go's we're gonna miss the appointment
darling we should have set off five
minutes ago who doesn't want me to go
does he oh my god okay oh god mom is it
too late now to just kind of run off no
comedy guys this is time to go is it yes
where you going
come on so get a little prick
I don't like proof you do em up while
you down but I'm cell to pretty well
nerd right so as you can tell on the way
to the hospital right now and I just
want to tell you guys something this
pretty frickin funny so for a while now
I've been wanting to get like a hamster
right I had a hamster ages ago and it
was like the nicest thing when I was
like I guess I was like 10 years old
when we had it I've been wanting one for
a while I think I'd be awesome care for
my videos but my mum doesn't seem too
fond of the idea do you know I don't
want another one the cube I don't are
not the one
me mum having a long talk about it and
it got to the point where she actually
said what she wanted to name it if we
were to get one we're not waiting one by
name why would you think of a name that
you want to name it you didn't want to
get one I think she's having those on a
bit here you know I think she's charming
she's child playing mind games with us
anyway we need to prove
wrong we need to show that we we need
those arms is Oh leave a like and
subscribe I feeling Morgan little
worried I got a little tofu you will no
fainting we've got your leg down how
does crash just now oh wow hello another
one you enjoy yet expectant mother
Wow okay that wasn't too bad
not okay um where is it continue find it
a little plaster fella well that's wrong
no second watch it's a game just a tiny
tiny scratch just just we didn't know
yes yeah it's got a little bit perfect
we have it going
no I've just got little baby haven't
done it so that's it oh so long girls or
like with council two appointments I
would do but we actually do constant you
know cuz we look it up you'll be the
sauce definitely definitely when I had
my blood touch which is a little while
ago basically they put genuinely four
needles in me because they couldn't find
a vein and then what I did was I got a
part of the bed and passed out like for
real I was expecting it to be like that
caliber genuinely well I'm actually very
very surprised you guys are probably
like always she's just a cured but he
didn't loads of pain but yeah that was
that wasn't too bad
I think the hi got me through it I
reckon she loved the heart I can she
love the heart mama I'm not even joking
I've just had the death be oh my god mum
yeah less less point dad you ring him I
chose your pranking but you ring him say
that like I've passed out or something
say like he's woken up but he's like
buzzy and like so they're just keeping
him in from
oh shit yo knotless Oh Oh y'all are
excited oh my god that is not anything
generally why she what I wear my jacket
cuz it just looks nicer on me hey Suri
turn on the lights
sorry okay thank you Suri thanks so much
bro gonna be kind of tricky for me to
show you my arm I'm gonna give it a go
so yeah as you can see right here
literally wait hold on let me zoom in oh
wow thank you motorbike all the fuss was
about plasters literally that big let me
do my other of I was actually worried I
was actually worried about a plaster
literally that big it really didn't hurt
at all before you comment that I'm not
just saying that like it really did no
Morgan you're just acting hard I swear
if I get one comment that says that I'm
not gonna be happy I do like these huts
though they do feel really fresh they
actually fit me better than my Ralph
Lauren camp so I mean that's specialized
good that these are gonna be out very
soon so I'll keep you updated in these
vlogs but yeah one thing though if
you're not already subscribed to my
channel now if you could subscribe down
below by hearing this subscriber and
that would mean so much to me and also
one more thing guys if you're a follower
of my challenge is really really
important if you enjoy my videos and if
you never want to miss a video this is
really important so listen all some of
my videos haven't been appearing in the
subscription boxes which basically long
story short means that you guys aren't
to see in my video now one way you can
counter this so you'll always see my
video and you can actually get that
early is by turning on my channel
notifications you do that by clicking
the little bell there's located by the
subscribe button your click dial say
like do you want to turn on notification
for this channel and then you just click
yes and you'll be notified every time I
upload oh you never miss a video and you
get there early so mums just told me
she's ready to do this prank on dad and
I'm not gonna lie guys I'm actually very
excited genuinely this is the second
time in two days I've prank my dad so I
don't think I'll be happy but it should
be really funny welcome any whoa whoa
try again try again try again that
dad's just phoned
so basically when I ring here we go the
prank starts now hello
oh yeah I've been trying to get hold of
you for ages
yeah it's okay it's not but it is it's
not what all it is genetic Morgan
Tubby's some vaccinations today at the
hospital well it is still early Hospital
now we had a little bit of an incident
so it was kind of just two injections
and you know it's like you just kind of
last time we went it fainted so he just
went off Forney they started to inject
him and he jumped up ripped his arm a
little bit and said I just can't do it I
can't do it and try to like run off like
it like it is last time basically so
anyway we calmed him down and he's laid
back down but it did actually manage to
bang his head as it was like doing this
so what we've done is we're just staying
at last before for an hour just while it
kind of comes around they're giving him
a drink and everything and they just
kinda on the splits I unbelievable I
know but it's too thin whilst yeah it
sees a panic attack because he just
kinda the first one was fine and then he
saw them coming towards him and he
started go I can't do it I can't do it
started yes Hallet yeah and he started
push pushing as they put it in it's got
a little like rip on his arm it's
nothing bad chassé chassé but let me
just let me just see if I either feel
talk to me cuz he got really a bit angry
with me as well and started getting a
bit abuse if I think he just went a bit
do lolly but just a minute I'll just see
just a minute but Morgan are you are I
this
just don't copy it's all done now just
have a little chat with dad come on
you want him to come and see at the
hospital Morgan no we're just gonna wait
come on buddy can come see you later
no I honestly I can't it's just you know
I'm not saying you've been a bit silly
now it's all done anyway no leave it
leave it
what we'll do is Sir John still have a
little word with you just a minute will
you talk to you that just for a minute
she's really worried about you mm-hmm
there you go there you go just sell out
life absolutely
oh my god they are sleeping boy Frank
dad it wasn't my idea
no but you said you'd go through with it
well yeah um I'm easily led
I'm usually led by hilarious guys I'd I
generally don't think that could have
gone any better
oh my god oh why why is my socks in here
see you double why why why sighs see you
know why I'm not sort of on Bruno
be nice fine Bruno's fine talk about me
right that's not very nice is it come on
Bruno we're taking my offering I'm sorry
I'm Joe mom don't leave me
I'm sorry no me Mom have this like
running joke when whenever I go away or
whenever I stay like a hotel she always
asked me to bring back the little like
soaps that you get this is a bath and
shower foam which with this tiny little
ball mom oh hey Bruno Bruno just kind of
chillin I've got a gift for you
you ready you had a few big surprise
here close your eyes close your eyes
close your eyes it's not a prank don't
we close your eyes if you spray me oh I
think gonna spray me that oh you pitch
me something
I stole shit the soap motel for you yeah
that's lovely thank you
you've got your own laughing shower so
how can i order some food for delivery
please and can I have one chicken kebab
and then that's all I want
but can you like equal the delivery cost
with like a few bottles of Diet Coke or
like however many I need to get the
delivery that's perfect thank you yeah
Cheers
bye food time boys oh my god yeah it's
literally been like one day since I'm
gonna take away like guys way too long
from joking guys okay believe or not I
do actually I do actually dye it I take
away diet no guys I Doug seriously I do
die I say that while I have a bag of
skills right here no one - no one ever
believes me Oh 20 minutes later we've
got a hair Bru's looking pretty excited
yep you can see the excitement from not
from not your guys let's do this yo guys
look at that beautiful looking chicken
kabab loads of salad just how I like it
Bruno is a I don't know it's just kind
of there okay there's one there why is
the fork in the knife section mom what
are you doing nice sharp not oh okay
lovely burn we're gonna put that on back
and get a different one that's not even
that's a potato people and off we go
what do the the bedroom cue the dramatic
music
come on hey yeah nope I'll screw it
there we go
ladies and gentlemen I'll see you when
I'm eating my food right so guys I've
just finished my food and to be honest
guys I think I'm gonna get a bed and
you're probably thinking you know this
isn't like you mugs to go a bed so early
it's about 11:00 right now usually I do
about it just ridiculous I was like free
4 a.m. as you know I've been traveling a
hell of a lot of the moment it does
really weigh you out guys and I kind of
feel like a dude is one up and just
catch up on some sleep
I don't feel too well either just I got
a little headache and stuff but wow this
fogs been a bit of a weird one you know
them injections I completely expected
them to like her but did the hilarious
prank on my dad which genuinely couldn't
have gone any better that was the
funniest thing and I really hope you
guys have enjoyed this vlog a little bit
more of a chill vlog I've enjoyed it
guys and I really hope you have to
remember to subscribe to my channel if
you are new to help me hit my major goal
of 2 million subscribers that would mean
so much to me and also leave a Fonzo on
this video that also mean a lot to me
and check out my other social media in
the descriptions below descriptions
below the description below yeah hi for
these hats by the way because they're
gonna be out soon more information will
be coming your way very very soon in the
vlogs and guys one more time I really
hope you've enjoyed the video and as
always Ivan Borges you guys been awesome
and I'll see you in my next video peace
out if you enjoyed the video then
remember to subscribe to mugsy's channel
and don't forget to leave a like if you
have a big penis thanks for watching
peace out
