oh my god wins guys I'm doing an awesome
gift card giveaway right now when so all
you have to do is leave a like on this
video and subscribe to my channel but
anyway guys enjoy the video just woke up
when I got a shower
and my god that bad I just want to get
back in man put a cold 6 p.m. every day
let's do this so guys today is Monday
last night was literally like I'd be
worse nicely basically yesterday we made
a huge slip and slide I ended up grazing
like all my leg show you in a minute
because it's a lot worse than it sounds
and I was so itchy in bed like I was
just dying Lee ended up getting like end
we're getting like 10 hours sleep night
I was sleep I got about I got about 4
change of plan I'm not going to show you
the grazes because they happen to be on
my bum cheek and YouTube 2017 we'll
probably age restrict my video so we
call me up in that Regency in Istanbul
eggs and toast nice they are nice saying
did you just say you're so tired that is
ridiculous and today guys we're going to
be going out into town we're going to be
doing a bit of shopping we're going to
be doing some tricks with ping pong
balls and try and pull up some of the
craziest ping pong trick maybe even in
public too like for example when we're
studying in a restaurant just whip out
the ping pong ball and hit a trickshot
you know what I'm saying trick shot vlog
life bro anyway guys right here I have a
massive sack filled with all B's this
entire thing it's filled to the brim
with all B's so if you want me to do a
video with those always leave a like on
the video let's try and smash 10,000
likes I'd be amazing and also guys I've
currently set myself a goal to reach 2
million subscribers before August SiC
which is my birthday so if you could
subscribe to my channel and help me get
there that would mean the world to me
because I'd really looked at it before
my birthday
only what have you done down here in an
accident he's dropped his knife before
he dropped the scrambled egg ah Jake is
not gonna be happy
that out there is if your volleyball
club you guys say hi to my vlog ball so
hard my ball guys I'm gonna make a deal
with you right don't tell Jake about
this this goes unnoticed I know one tell
him I'm about to commit a horrible act
oh my gosh guys please don't tell him
he'll be very angry at me all right so
guys I've got some ping-pong balls I
literally have 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
ping-pong balls and throughout the day
I'm a bit in some trick shots starting
right now
starting right now I'm going to bounce
it onto the floor and then into the easy
onto the floor and then into the easy
guys first try first try you can hit one
into the shoe into the yearly above all
do what do we go that
Oh guys if I pull this off you have I
mean you have to subscribe to my channel
Jake are you ready for this this is
gonna go in the shoes down there oh my
god oh my god it was no physics involved
guys you got to subscribe now that was
the deal you you know is we go for
another chick shot off Rob oh yo so guys
I've come over here because in this
house for some reason everybody always
seems to vlog at the same time we're
yeah guys were off now in fist time
we're gonna get some food we're gonna go
shopping just gonna chill the land die
is that DK drift King that's like the
truth he's drift King
he also we're just out and about right
now shop these lot look at this leave
this 1 million 1 million subscriber
youtuber won't walk in public this is
this is embarrassing
anyway yeah basically guys we're going
shopping right now it's fairly good went
to his one shot which is like all
flannels or something went last time and
I bought some stuff so we're gonna go
back there again ladies and gentlemen
here we have another episode of being
awkward in public when I'll give you a
dance
what off the dough birthday to go under
that tape and SH you need a hand guys
new your hand
you sure okay just to it you did daddy
so you know you go to there now it's my
turn
oh yeah most most Oh guys I really need
to sneeze like really badly oh my god yo
how's the world on that sorry guys yo
okay so we're in the Apple Store guys I
just spent 70 pounds on a mouse and a
cable one cable in one mouse sense our
very expensive stuff in the other stuff
I didn't even get the new mouse I didn't
get that like the wireless one I got the
wired mouse and that was still 50 quid
what Apple may bank like it's just so
expensive in there but you know when
you're a youtuber you got to do what you
got to do I need that Mouse sweating my
videos man so wait is that glass
what's all those glass oh my god yeah
there we are it's time for a ping pong
trick shot can somebody hold my bag
Thank You Don it I which you were going
for them they've been up there
Oh God is there any chance realistically
right one two
oh my god that just didn't work the
dashiki one into the okay this isn't
going well I would go for a trickshot oh
my god
what amazing are you sure you don't want
a hand I'm sure I'm sure not one hand
okay Jose night oh that guy must hate me
it was hate me
oh no we're just gonna go some food now
where we going we still haven't decided
where we're going but yeah we're just
we're gonna eat somewhere so guys were
sat in Nando's right now I've just
ordered my a half a chicken medium spice
I got spicy rice I got coal and very
very nice guys I'm excited but yeah but
anyway we're waiting on the food I'll
show the food when it gets there guys
literally about two minutes after film
like clip the food here basically like
no way I've got I said cause guys
chickens leave what he got chips
good
you're just been in Wagga Mama's
literally to get takeout juice like
seriously like the juices you get from
Wagga Mama's I like to die for
oh no
we've just been told by my G Martin when
I have to film in the carpark but you
know you've got to do what you got to do
this YouTube vlog life has to come first
for mine I'm afraid I've got some bad
news
I'm filming in the car yo so we're back
at home and now I'm saying home it's not
only home but we're back in the studio
we're just playing a little bit of GTA
well I mean I was playing it it looks
like mr. J yeah because the GTA loading
screens about 8:05 20 minutes right guys
now it's time I've stolen Morgan's
camera it's now time for Morgan to show
you guys how good he is at ping pong new
picture we don't know we don't have the
red cups yet but we've got a very
interesting back garden and we've got 1
2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 and balls so right
now get ready see that thing not with
you Sherman is just a minute this thing
I'm gonna do bounce into the thing okay
yari
oh okay I'm starting to get a feel for
how the bounce actually goes okay okay
close if I don't hit one of them oh no
how about oh your DC I hit the rim hit
the rim bro how about maybe like a oh
yeah I've got FEMA where it's gone my
buddy's the last one last one
can I get on the final one
good dammit I would do four at once if I
don't get it here
this is gonna be outrageously ready
three two one they all came out they all
came out they all came up how do you
feel right now you know it's not going
too great yo so we given up on that
target we find a new one check this one
out this one it's pretty crazy and got a
water machine here and then we've got a
hole right there the water machine so
what we're going to do maybe how about
we try bouncing it there and then in
that is like impossible but it's worth a
few goes okay didn't ever hit the edge
oh oh my god oh my god oh no I'm not
gonna get one armor yes oh no last try
got so guys basically we've all got free
balls right here I've got free
everyone's got free so what we're gonna
do gonna take interns we were taking
turns use our free balls and whoever
gets it the most wins if anyone even get
any altogether i'ma go first
gosh I was really close enough to go in
okay second try Oh third try okay
majority and you're going into a to the
edge and then bombazine actively years
up
Wellum oh no wait a handle is the
closest oh oh we are so naive they come
on Tom come on Tom
ah okay second try time ah okay so they
punch money in your place last time
third time lucky
yep Oh still no one's got this yet Jacob
Antigua yes yeah let's do it
James go over a million so technically
you have to get a novel out
yeah actually giving money you owe
or going going for it Oh
oh my god no way
it's actually really hot yo this is
impossible this is like the impossible
shot hey guys we're not stopping until
we at least get in once okay here we go
Oh oh that's it oh my nose really mm-hmm
the Fisher loving this gone oh my oh no
one's got it yet I would do that team
that team Jimmy D Gee Gee Gee Gee Lake
team wait don't say Oh
oh my god I need it oh my god oh oh oh
oh
watch Jake celebrating four so guys we
found our next shot basically we're
gonna stand here where the cameras right
now we've got to hit it against that war
whatever against the shed it's got to
bounce back and go into here a few
moments later that's it
if you moments later
what's it like for this for my laptop
because it's really hard editing on a
trackpad to like old-school
Apple right here this is like wired a
little bit clunky well you know it does
the job guys
I sure if I hit this this is going to be
magnificent I'm gonna go literally one
shot to one we're doing all this oh wait
I'm gonna bounce
oh my oh my god oh okay let's go so I'm
moving it's fine right guys just leaving
Jake's house right now we're going to
this field down the road because we're
gonna be filming another crazy video for
Jake's channel we've got loads of bubble
wrap and we're gonna be making it into a
giant ball right now we're gonna need
all the lies everyone's help to do this
because we've literally going 10 massive
rolls of bubble wrap she's gonna be
crazy here we see a beautiful field
beautiful sky lovely trees and then over
here we've got a massive load of
freaking bubble wrap guys I've kind of
been forgetting to do the team mole
shout out into my latest vlog so I'm
gonna do the first official team mole
shout out right now if you want to be
shout out in my next video all you have
to do leave a like subscribe and comment
when you're done with the first shout
out goes to Zach from Sweden and as you
shout out like and subscribe to get the
next one yeah guys as you can see
is gonna be pretty intense so guys we've
been rolling the ball for ages we're not
Donna we just took a little bit of a
lunch break here that was it chicken ham
Doritos rat I'm om evil just because
made it is innovative it's just grated
oh my god oh no
Oh jeepers oh my goodness okay
do they do that again this is the
process of getting at home like you know
this is a pretty for the oh my god okay
so guys back and Jake's now as you can
tell guys let me update you on what's
gonna happen for the rest of this vlog
right now we are off to we're gonna go
to the spa again because we're all
really like bruised or and our legs are
aching and stuff so we're gonna chill in
the spa but on the way I'm gonna pick up
some red cups and then once we're back
I'm gonna do loads more ping pong trick
so stay tuned leave a like if you're
excited leave a like if you enjoyed the
vlog but guys we're gonna go chill then
it's back on the grind back to running
some awesome ping pong tricks I'll see
you guys in probably about two hours
okay guys we're back from the spa when
got some foo and had a really good time
but guys as you can see we've got a
little cup settled go we've got a big
start but smaller slightly smaller than
Open Cup now obviously what we're gonna
try and do is bounce on the top of that
top of that top of that and then into
the cup oh never give up
bow stoneway Oh
oh let's joking out Oh Mike you're how
about if we did one big really Oh
individually one made any shot video
manager just pretend that he's made a
show we just cheer frames I'm like like
you know we feel bad rivers like yeah oh
yeah you you you you you you you killed
that well guys I hope you enjoyed this
vlog if you enjoyed remember to leave a
like down below on the video and as I
said if you could subscribe to my
channel then please do so because I'm so
close to 2 million and I'm trying to it
before my birthday remember guys every
day 6 p.m. come back tomorrow because
it's a brand new vlog guys thanks for
watching and as always I've involved you
guys been awesome and I'll see you in my
next video peace out you can't read the
video then remember to subscribe to
mugsy's channel and don't forget to
leave a like have a big penis thanks for
watching and peace out
