I'm gonna draw these three fidget
spinners 100 feet and see if they break
guys I'm doing an awesome gift card
giveaway right now when so all you have
to do is leave a like on this video and
subscribe to my channel but anyway guys
enjoy the video it really wasn't the
best ideas starting this video off as
soon as I got that now we're hold on I
have a solution
perfect that was easy hello guys and
welcome back to another vlog as you know
every day at 6 p.m. but guys let's do
this my life seemed to have changed
color like are you thinking like I swear
they were blue like 15 seconds ago yep
there you go has changed now full-blown
orange now no other to show I showed you
that I just thought it was cool anyway
yeah guys since it's the morning you
guys know what that calls for you gotta
get on the bathroom I'm gonna make it a
tradition guys it's gonna be a tradition
I've just realized I haven't actually
told you what I'm gonna be doing in
today's video hover so guys what I'm
gonna be doing in this video is taking
some fidget spinners and basically I was
gonna be putting them up against a
100-foot drop basically dropping them
onto the hard concrete floor and seeing
if they can survive to be fair these
things are really strong I'm not sure if
they're gonna be able to withstand the
drop guys that's all we're gonna be
testing out and finding out today guys
drop a like if you're excited but yeah
let's go see how mom's doing I pranked
her a few days ago guys and she's been
very salty for the past few days I think
she's in it here let's have a walk
oh no she's not but Bruno is here so
this is one word outfit
a bathrobe I don't know I'm not
recording you I'm not recording you if
it's pointing at me that means recording
me how's your house you morning how is
your morning shoes this is my daily
vlogging it's like my life I've got to
show you guys everything so I've just
had a package a parcel for Mike Sonia
and I know exactly what this is guys
this is gonna be cool let me get this
open god it's actually a lot harder
opening packages we want hand and you
think guys new Ortiz yo
this is lip black one and a white one
and Horizonte got some of my merch what
if I gave a few from the way to like
friends and still so Jax sent me out
some more just Amanda Joey sent me out
some more hoodies toy as you can see
this thing's embroidered MH logo patty
little white hoodie too much my white
dressing row honestly I actually need to
change and get ready for the day because
I look like a freak you want to get your
molds Mitch they'll be linked in the
description and this currently a 10
percent off sale first sale I've ever
done on the merchandise use code molds
can at checkout to save you some money
because who doesn't want to save some
money and why the hell is my arm just
gone off then well yeah I'm gonna
quickly grab a shower I think because I
feel a little bit day or maybe a bath is
too early for a bath a few moments later
bath time baby back time baby you all
dissing my buffs I don't care I still
got faith in the bath yo guys another
shower done I'm not gonna lie I said
shower again enough why is he with me I
keep saying shower like for real loss of
Allah anyway yeah I'm wearing my
bathrobe but for the first time it's cuz
I've actually been in the bath anyway
mom coming here
you want to know what was in that
package don't you for me you got me a
prison but yeah mom have you heard about
the video have you heard about what I'm
gonna be doing today
so basically I don't know why she's
doing this
but basically basically wondering today
you know my video spinners yes I'm gonna
drop them long story short I'm just
gonna drop them yeah from the roof
offering like the top of the house on to
Bruno I mean that wasn't the plan but we
could do that I know what I'm gonna be
doing I'm gonna be going up to the your
balcony getting the fidgets spinners
dropping them like hundred feet from the
top of the house to the bottom and
seeing if they survived okay yeah yeah
okay green outside ready man that's
pretty risky though so guys I'm gonna
try to different places I'll show you
the first one right now told me you may
not know our house is like different
than like standard houses it's quite
thin but very tall so it's like a very
tall house but it's kind of like more
narrow than other houses the top room is
my mom's bedroom I'm in there right now
and if I open this as you can see it's
fairly high open there's like a little
bar this job isn't quite 100 feet I'd
say it's about like 75 but then the one
that I'm gonna do after that if it
doesn't break will be like way over on
duty the back-up plan is just straight
out of my window and this is like well
over 100 feet so if the first one
doesn't do it then we'll just do it from
that one but yeah mom do you think the
foodie spinners will survives it
survived a lot to be fair but will they
survive a big drop to be favorite ones
on concrete they don't have much chance
to enjoy that's a good point we've got
very emotional moment right here because
for some reason my mom I'm
just came into my room why is this
happening to my room
all right guys Mama's back right now and
we're gonna do the fidgets spit out
experiment now the thing is you know
this is absolutely crazy this fish is
Benna right here you may be thinking
this is just a standard fuji spinner but
i'm about to make this thing worth 1
million dollars and you're probably
thinking Morgan how on earth you're
gonna do that I don't know I mean I mean
you're gonna have to wait and see okay
so this is a very very very risky
procedure basically if we go over here
into the science lab we have a bunch of
chemicals this right here is an
unidentified spray non-identified spray
this with all of my high-tech facility
down the road and basically what we're
gonna do I told you guys this was risky
oh one more of this unidentified spray
all over here seriously what am i doing
just what am i dealing with my life I'm
sorry
spraying a fidgets spinner with links
Africa what the hell is my life but yeah
guys what I'm gonna do right now I'm
gonna get changed I'm gonna get ready
and then we're gonna get all the fridges
finished and put them up against a
100-foot drop guys let's do this
so guys we're back we got mom on the
camera and right now what we're gonna do
is we're gonna get started with the
experiment now I've gone our mininum
double spinner I've got a Dominion I've
got a low median triple spinner and I've
got standard plastic why spinner guys
what we're gonna do we're gonna get up
to the top board to Mom's bedroom I'm
gonna drop these one by one see which
one's break see which ones don't
it's gonna be awesome guys let's start
by going to Moon's bedroom out the
balcony straight down onto the floor
let's do this yo guys it smokes mum on
location okay guys we're in position
we're obviously in the balcony on mums
for the
I'd say this isn't quite one on your
voice a little bit less steep than I
thought I want if you show them the drop
as you can see it's pretty far down I'd
say public fifty feet maybe a little bit
less but the other one will be a lot
higher guys because obviously tweets
tell orient the story this one at the
moment is about to accelerate so anyway
guys I've got these video spinners what
I'm gonna do I'm gonna save the triple
hour minimum for this big drop and I'm
gonna put the plot oh god yeah promotion
I need to do that okay aluminium one now
by the walk through the plus they want
to survive
London on the map I'm gonna spin it to
okay you ready
yeah I'm gonna spin as it drops freeze
to survive we've got a lot of dents all
around it it's really scuffed up it's
actually a little bit broken now if I
give it a big spin it dies pretty fast
but yeah so it has survived now let's
hit the white one another thing with
this one is it landed on the mat thingy
which obviously gave it a lot of
protection but still the Barons two of
them has fallen out either way I don't
think this one's gonna spin I think this
one is basically yeah it's gone it's
died the impact of it just screwed it up
I fixed it there we go so that's the
first job now what we're gonna do we're
gonna go upstairs and go for the free
storage drop I'm just gonna put all
three of them up against it but I'm
actually really interested to see out
the higher drop how much better the
higher drop is compared to this one
because this one wasn't that high and it
still did a lot of damage especially to
the white one so guys let's see how the
big job does guys I'm in position as you
can see the window is wide open this job
actually let me show them this job this
one this job is a big one look at this
like hold on zoomed in let me zoom out
guys this is this is base for the
situation right now I'm gonna hold the
food spinner out there I'm gonna drop it
all the way down mom is gonna move a car
because it's literally in prime position
isn't it but yeah that is easily
104 you can see everything I may even
spin it out like that and see where it
goes mom this is gonna be very
interesting
okay we're gonna start with the white
Piggy's been as this one is almost dead
already
but we're just gonna give it a big spin
and we're gonna Chuck are you ready yeah
keep it that way
oh oh I can hear piece is over there
it's dead you need to come and check it
out guys time for the final one now the
field the build of this one is so much
more sturdy this one's a really hard
aluminium a triple one and the fairings
don't look like they can actually pop
out so this one's gonna be really really
interesting this is a 100-foot drop down
onto concrete our minyan fridges with a
hundred foot drop
guys let's do this oh that's perfect
so firstly when we didn't know if this
check out the black one oh the middle
completely fell out the actual middle pc
please being on this gong guy so the
black one rip fail it's dead it's dead
the white one does still spin but it's
just very stiff rusty the bearings are
gone so mom
I would give it a damn it has to be
and finally with this one it's still
very rusty well guys you see the
bearings to this one it's so much
different than the other one so I think
that that made it survive you can see is
very chip to though and very destroyed
this was my baby and now it's just kind
of just kind of dead bought I'm not
gonna give it a down but it did survive
nothing's actually broken on it it's
just a little bit damaged ding chips Oh
mum no no no guys for the grand finale
we're not done yet what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna do all three of these at the same
time from the big drop on to the
concrete the black one and the white
ones basically already dead but who
cares let's just throw them all the same
time so mum I'll see you out there
let's do this guy's leave a like if your
exercises oh my god I'm excited let's do
it I got the black spinner the gold one
the white one all at one time
mum can't be down well the guys from
three to one yet three two one go I
think that's no so the middle is now
gone out of the white one as well so the
white now completely is where is red the
black obviously was wrecked before I
can't believe it but the gold one still
survives check out the spin though it's
literally that's really it's been
anymore in one piece then I'm one piece
so this one it is survives anyway guys
that was really fun I enjoyed that I
don't know about you I thought was
pretty cool guys is currently 5 p.m.
right now that means two things number
one it means today's daily vlog is going
up in an hour
and number two apparently it means I'm
going out to football I wasn't flying on
going into like literally five minutes
ago but my friends are having a
kickabout
I'm gonna go out to get today's exercise
done and have a laugh I would record it
but you're literally just just kicking
them ball around a muddy field it's
really not that pleasant to see but yeah
guys
enjoy that finished minute stuff I'm
gonna come back to when I'm back from
football see you guys in like an hour
alright guys I'm back from football you
probably can't even tell the difference
in the way I look it wasn't raining
outside was a pretty nice day so yeah I
know I'm gonna go downstairs right now
me and my mom are going out for tea
which I'm very much excited for very
much excited for that I was so posh but
yeah come on we're going up to my ear I
have no liquid fart spray so guys we're
going up with tea I'm gonna get ready
right now I'll see you when I'm ready
yo so guys I'm heading out right now for
tea I've switched over to a small camera
and yeah basically this is the outfit
I'm rocking right now I don't know if
you can come on show them you show them
you outfit you're wearing today going
out
holy step Oh Blake is very old boobs and
very old jacket welcome to your outfit
well you went to go out then
so the food has just arrived I've got a
salmon it does look pretty good
right guys so as you can tell I am back
home now I'm literally in my dressing
room I'm just getting ready for I'm
saying get ready for bed that's kind of
a weird way to say but yeah I'm just
chilling I'm gonna go to bed soon just
gonna edit this video I think so that's
ready for tomorrow but yeah guys I
really hope you have enjoyed this video
it's been a fun one I think the videos
been experiment was pretty cool you know
I was actually except I'm faster
surprised by some of the results howhow
did the gold bar actually get held up
and some of the other ones didn't it was
pretty interesting guys and I hope you
enjoyed it so yeah as always if you
could leave a like on this video that
would honestly mean the world to me and
remember to enter my 150 pound gift card
giveaway that is going on right now
there'll be a link in the description
where you can enter and also if you
think of my games on my merchandise do
it right now because there's a 10% sale
on right now which will be going soon so
get it now while you can
the code is more 10 and you put in a
check out all one word malt and then the
number 10 and that will save you 10%
finally guys remember to subscribe to my
channel if you're new so you never miss
a vlog and remember to come back
tomorrow for tomorrow's vlog guys as
always I've been more you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe to mugsy's
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis thanks for
watching
