he's still a little bit mad at me hey
guys I'm doing an awesome gift card
giveaway right now when - all you have
to do is leave a like on this video and
subscribe to my channel but anyway guys
enjoy the video yo guys how is it going
I've no clue why I just did the intro
like that but whatever I did
so yeah how's it going guys today is a
good I never knew this day like why
don't I just check the day before I do
the intro oh well Friday today guys will
you all be seeing this on a Saturday now
this video is going to be a little bit
more serious I do another bit of serious
chat with you guys in this video about
my channel and the future my channel and
all that jazz well it ain't serious time
right now guys only way that's going to
be later on and seeing as it's not
serious time let's go down and see how
my mum is because if you don't know
already I pranked her pretty hard
yesterday and she was really mad at me
I'm saying was she still is really mad
at me one like equals one prayer for my
salty mom she's still salty and I know
she'll be watching this they will
comment down below hashtag salty mom cuz
I tell you what she's not happy anyway I
want to see if she's still mad at me so
let me go down and I'm gonna try and
hide the camera so me not mad anymore
you know madam anymore mum explain to
them what happened yesterday no just do
it one guy Tommy and hashtag salty mommy
the conversation below mum tell me what
happened yesterday my memories got a
little bit of it guys coming Isaac told
him of she's still very very salty
whopping yes today we got ready Scott's
tea and then I got ready and then you
decide bravely with Farfrae also give me
a house don't savage mugs because you
know I didn't care
gender gender and nnnnn remove this
weird thing right where I stand up here
and if you go for him you like Bob and
twerp see I'm not even touching him he
does this every time where he sons up
here and if you go for him he just works
at ya bugs are supposed to be dogs that
have like no energy and they're just
like fat slobs and then we got brewing
over here it just runs around the house
runs around the house just barking
licking just twisting you don't even
barks you disliked words don't you I
squeal oh so right now guys it is about
midday time if you wondering why I've
got go on and stuff I've actually just
got back from playing football it was
late so just a little kick about I woke
off and my friends awake out so I just
pushed out to play and I've actually
just got back and got start least wrong
up right now I'm having dinner in a
little bit which is gonna be pretty cool
and you know food has to be first
priority all guys the longer this is
that the D pro gamer Jing in a little
bit of mold merch I think it is guys get
your most merch link in description
actually guys I forgot to mention this
and I don't know how I forgot to mention
this online merchandise is totally a 10
percent off sale and it won't last
belong basically what you do I check out
your enter the code morgg's 10 all long
word mods just and then the number 10
and then you enter that in the checkout
and basically what that will do is I'll
save you 10% on your order so if you've
been thinking about all doing it for a
while or you want to take a look now is
the time to order because you can save
yourself ten percent this is the first
ever sale so make youtube it while it's
here guys I've just received word that
my dinner is ready
oh my god cue the music didn't generator
did I just get a destination to get to
the third one is guys as you can see
mighty Israeli right here I've gone
vegan for a little bit so I've just
decided to go with a little bit sighs
thanks for making any moment looks
absolutely beautiful are not playing
with it's now playing you're not for you
no I'm not playing you very nice always
do people and the price game is too
strong yeah well I get some bad yeah
yo guys I've got to give credit where
credit's to you this does look like a
pretty tasty meal from the woman herself
she's like mad at me but she knows I
have absolutely no experience with
cooking food so she's like damn it I've
got a corkscrew even though I'm angry
it's a win-win situation for me because
I mean I get the food well yeah
dinnertime aah oh my god guys I'm not
gonna lie
I just Amala shhhhht that yo seriously
mom I know you'll be watching this
your lover soul to the moment but you
can still cook some good food so thank
you but that doesn't mean I'm gonna let
you off pranks in the future baby it's
still on
I've got one question for you do you
know what time is guys I know exactly
what time is ladies and gentlemen it is
last time the way I see it like if it's
a morning showers like like top bus 100%
but when it's kind of like midday
nighttime we just want to chill wine
down relax
nothing beats a bathroom a little bit of
music a cold drink steaming hot bath I
just love it but it's lovely comment
down below
Buster showers for me it's fast 100% I
don't care how's it going you feeling
any fur
you okay he's still a little bit mad at
me goodbye / - it's still salty mom
okay i'ma get in the bathroom now guys
it's not filled yet but I'm just going
to get into a while until so yeah see
you guys in like half an hour no guys
I'm not gonna lie that shower was
absolutely amazing I just said shower
did not oh my god great start Morgan
let's let's try that again y'all guys
that bus was absolutely amazing but yes
right now I just wanna have a little bit
of a chat with you guys a lot of in most
areas but I promise it won't say too
long but it is very very important so
would appreciate if you've watched this
and then tell me your opinion on what
about to say so as you probably know if
you've been around my channel for awhile
my content always kind of been very kind
of mixed I never just did vlogs I never
just a game and I always tried to mix in
a little bit together but then naturally
you get more interested in some things
then you get less interested in other
things for example I got a little bit
less interested in gaming
I started and joined doing the more
challenge videos and doing stuff like
that but one thing that I've absolutely
always loved doing and one thing that
you guys have always loved me doing is
vlogs and the reason why I never loaded
that many vlogs is simply because of
where I live in the UK there isn't as
much to do we might say America so it
makes a lot harder for me to find stuff
to do in the vlogs
however I've always loved vlogging and
you guys always wore my vlog so I think
what I'm going to start doing is doing
daily vlogs and kind of trying to
combine everything into one so for
example I believe log in my day or maybe
mixing in challenges and integrating
them into the vlogs so for example if
you love what I do like the impossible
challenges they'll still be in there but
at the same time I'll mix in some more
in real life content and go at how and
explore in places the good thing about
vlog is you can really just do anything
you want in them it's just your day
isn't it so I can mix in some gaming in
there challenges
personal stuff like UAS stuff with my
mom pranks going out and exploring
places and I've been vlogging for the
past few days daily and honestly it's
been the most fun I've had in a while
because even though I haven't been going
out too much I'm still had so much fun
and I think the videos been really
entertaining and you guys seem to be
enjoying them which is all which is
ultimately why one if you guys happy
then I'm happy now I will try and do
daily vlogs
obviously daily vlogs are very hard
because most daily vloggers these days
kind of doing more quantity over quality
because obviously if you're learning
daily it's very hard to edit
standards and make although high quality
if you get me and I've always tried to
do that with my videos so is going to be
very hard for me to kind of mix together
quality and quantity but I will try my
absolute hardest if I know you guys want
the ones and if I know you enjoying them
so why won't you do is variously leave a
like on the video if you want me to do
logs every single day and comment down
below if you're happy with me doing
basically everything mixed together into
a really fun and cool vlog and obviously
doing it daily at the same time I think
it's going to be awesome guys but I'd
really all want to safe as long as you
guys happy I'm happy so tell me your
opinion in the comment section below but
anyway a few things I want to do before
we continue the day first I need to do
my hair and secondly what I want to do
is show you guys this studio and I also
want to open some pure box mail because
I haven't done a pure bolt open it ages
and I've got so many exciting boxes and
stuff like that ready to open which I'm
really hyped for so we're going to do
that right now guys let's do this now
what you don't actually know before the
studio is a studio it was a garage run
and basically what me what we did was we
paid someone to come out with a few
people and then obviously get an
electric to it all that stuff and yet
here we are down here and the garage is
now a room anyway yeah as you can see if
we turn the lights on this it's very
basic room wooden floor why it's got a
really bright light which is calling
them what and then just at the moment as
you do not plant there we're going a
glass ting there and we got a light
there now this light has got Phillips
you bulb in it but I left my phone
upstairs I can't show you and one more
thing I do have a strip light here like
a Felix you script like a cord one so
tell me why things I should put this I'm
thinking like a cross across the window
there well then again I'm just not sure
guys tell me why you think it should go
well yeah we got loads of pictures down
there our thinking picture there that I
think in picture there and then here
maybe I see a few pictures along this
wall on one of them but seriously I'm
really not sure under here is where
you've got the stories you got a bit of
gym equipment around here and yeah guys
that's about it but in the middle of
this looking very boring it's just
really good lying in here and it feels
like a proper nice room so I like in
here and one thing that I'm going to put
back into these vlogs 1,000,000% is in
every vlog I'm going to open some
thumbnails
new to the channel I used to do a series
on my channel won't open fun mail and do
it like like form videos about opening
it but I just forgot just kind of cool
really find the time is to get me in
these walls now every single one I'm
going to open a bit of fan mail so the
pure box address is on the screen right
now and in the description if you want
to send me stuff go ahead and here we go
guys let's open some fan mail
woo yo so guys here we are I've got a
little camera settle you know is you got
even have to cut a deal with my chest
because I said I'm taking off this
bathroom scene as it's me I could not go
with a standard table I had to get the
ellipsis table possible guys seriously
an extended table like yo this is cool
this is really cool but yeah as you can
see we got loads of exciting packages
all over the tables we got the knife too
so I mean let's get into this Pio hooks
opening right here in the warm let's do
it and here we got some bubble wrap
stuff yo we dye it a little notes here
we always read that no yo look at that
look at that skittle KitKat Kim tan
mango flavor big looks pretty good
pretty good from Michael Gerald yo big
of Michael John thank you bro no I think
this guy Sophia still be W in felt haha
it's just so vwe bells what the hell he
says will YouTube jump on it y'all
that's cool imma put on my shoulder the
question is will that stay that I think
it will guys realistically a god
bathrobe on I'm going to retile am I
just the king of swag or not like
seriously yo this one was sent oh it's
done with this has annoyed me now I'm
just I'm gonna put it there oh I think
this is a I think this is a board game
guys yo this is for Michael and he
invented the bulletin board game take
your turn
tell me if you want me to play this
against my mob in another video cuz i
really don't
thank you Michael trusts are my freakin
bathrobe because it keeps coming open
and I don't think you guys won't see my
chest or maybe maybe you do maybe what a
little bit cleavage there we go
feels like Christmas this guy said these
these DVDs and games or that is what has
on
okay I'm not touching that
no oh they're all sticky ooh thanks for
selling stuff man but they're all sticky
and ha ha whoa Xbox one game Call of
Duty advanced warfare 2 Raider and black
ops 3
I've got Bantle offer Michael's free
among the like I have a lot to Raider so
thank you bro thank you very much dude I
really appreciate it also since I've
already got these two games drop alike
and tell me in the comments if you want
me to give these two away this one is
actually quite heavy to say it's quite
small I think is yoga sort of cool in
here
yeah time faster so yes Thank You Milly
for those time plastics final one here
we've got quite small one now by anyway
whatever oh my god what the hell is that
man the I'm really not sure this is your
I'm really not sure this is I'm really
not sure they're supposed to see what
this guy's name is I can find his name
these channels Ikeys gameplay thanks
dude and yeah there we go guys another
deal wants opening door then you stop to
the address in the description below
thanks everyone in this endless stuff
hope you enjoyed this little segment in
the vlog and yeah let's go back upstairs
anyway guys this is why I'm going to end
the video I'm really really really like
tired I really hope you all enjoyed the
video if you enjoyed remember to leave a
like and tell me in the conversation if
you want me to do these blogs daily and
what you want me to do in the vlogs also
I'm doing a giveaway of one hundred and
fifty dollars of like gift cards and
stuff they'll be linked in the
description to where you can enter that
so go do that right now guys have a
really good day
I'll see you tomorrow with another video
and as always art involves you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out if you enjoyed this
video then remember to subscribe to
mugsy's channel and don't forget to
leave a like if you have a big penis
thanks for watching it's really sad
house
