today we have probably the most
embarrassing video I will literally ever
make I am not joking oh god I'm not
ready for this so as I'm sure you're
aware by now a few years ago I was
pretty far pretty far and you know I've
showed you guys a lot of photos of me
when I was five photos like this and oh
and that one you know that one's a
classic and of course you can't forget
about this one right here but guys none
of those photos will even slightly
compared to the photos I'm about to show
you today you understand now a little
bit more about why I'm kind of dreading
making this video on this memory card
right here this little 16 gigabyte
memory card this memory card is filled
with photos of me on holiday and you
know you may be thinking more than
what's wrong with us these photos were
taken when I was fat but not only that
guys these photos were taken just before
I start dieting so this is like the
fattest I ever was an aha can't believe
I'm showing you these I reckon if it's
too late for me just turn off the camera
and just burn the memory card just burn
of all existence now I'm pretty sure
there's more photos and videos out there
for me when I was fat so if you want me
to do another one of these videos
reacting to fat more spits then leave a
like on the video down below and if
you're new then remember to subscribe
down below because why the hell not
literally why the hell not and one final
thing before we load up the memory card
and take a look at these photos I'm
currently doing a 150 pounds I choose
and google play card giveaway and the
way you entered by doing smaller tasks
like subscribe to my channel and stuff
like that now this giveaways room for a
website called gleam and there'll be a
link to that in the description so click
the link and then you'll see all the
things you have to do to enter the more
tasks you do the more chance you've got
but guys got a memory card let's load it
up into my computer one like equals one
prayer because I am dreading this I'll
kill it here goes nothing so I've just
loaded in the memory card and I love how
it's just conveniently called no name
like that's really encouraging but
anyway we've got two files ECI M and
misc I think if we click DCIM and
if we cook 100 cannon oh my god there's
so many oh my god there's so many oh my
god okay well guys without further ado
here we go
okay so the first photo we've got right
here is a beautiful shot of a nice palm
tree you got the seat you've got the sky
you've got a nice lamppost beautiful
it's a great stars in it real I second
photo you've got my mom looking pretty
cool Martin he's looking pretty swaggy
with a nice car time for the next photo
let's see if they're all as beautiful as
the first two oh oh god no one point
every single of these photos out there
on the internet for everybody to see
this could very well be the worst
mistake of my entire life anywhere as
you can see we've got fat logs the
hairstyle looking amazing look at the
teeth looking to be honest I can't say
them I feel really bad but yeah we've
got the double chin you gotta admire the
double chin all right gotta admire it
and then you've got the beautiful moles
mom who's looking you know pretty damn
pharmacy next throw we got we've got a
fairly decent one of mom hair looking
you know pretty dumb she's looking
pretty damn cool you know putting the
peace sign up showing the peace you got
the palm trees in the background the
nice blue sky let's see what the next
photo is in this one we can see me just
kind of be myself you know arms behind
my head just chillin lookin cool alright
looking looking pretty cool we've got
the beautiful purple lips to
conveniently shake bowling ball head
that just is the shape of a bowling ball
like just the exact shape and then
you've got some fella in the background
got a nice shot of the beach nice shot
of a more looking pretty good this is
gonna be equally as embarrassing for my
mom look at that look at her ice cream
looks pretty good just what's the night
time we got oh god you know this is just
the end of me this is seriously the end
that I can't come back from this my
Twitter my Instagram is just gonna be
full of these photos seriously I like
can't come back from this kind of
firstly you've got you know the
hairstyle
walking just dies
I mean people ripped my hairstyle now I
know it's pretty pretty bad but like
would you a let me go back to that huh
we're driving me go back to that it's
what I really thought to be honest I
think that morgues had more like muscle
definition than me now oh look at that
though watching just it's just beautiful
isn't it it's just beautiful I want you
guys to just think for a moment just to
take a minute and think when you think
about the dynamic duo the power to when
you think about the best duo's in the
world you think about morgues and
morgues more there is one of the best
photos in existence of morgues and mugs
mom the dynamic duo
take a look truly just beautiful
seriously god knows what jumper that was
but I know for sure it was an XL manu to
be honest you know mom's looking pretty
swaggy mom's looking pretty good but
then you just got me seriously I look
like if you mix the pumpkin in a
tomorrow where are the eyebrows out bro
where the hell the eyebrows take a look
at that photo with me but genuinely
there's like two lovers of eyebrow
towards the ends but they just are my
god I mean oh this is just horrible
this is genuinely horrible what on earth
actually I remember this I remember this
so well this was when I turn the cam
around obviously knowing nothing about
cameras not like let's take a selfie but
it'll turn up cool then you get this
then you get this beautiful image by you
can literally see like that much of my
face look at my eyebrow Suzanne dies
disgusting guys just vile lads on tall
whoo-hoo you got fat morgues you've got
mine the lads on saw having the time of
their lives
Moore's looking just hench not say not
fat not big-boned just hench you got
this
blow kid just seriously assist no don't
tell me this pose of me in the pool oh
my god okay this just got a hell of a
lot more embarrassing here we see a
beach whale then there's natural
habitats here we see a photo of the
beach whale having a fight with a fish
here we see a rather overweight otter
jumping up and head boy in the air oh my
god seriously like look it up oh is that
almost fossa now you're like is that is
that the rock is that Dwayne the rock
Johnson
think is I think it has to be okay he
wasn't head boy yeah he was playing ball
oh look at that look at that can we get
a close-up on that that is what you call
passion I've never seen so much passion
come from a game of throwing the ball
around in the water but guys just just
screams out passion I'm not gonna lie I
think I might have just been hit in the
face with the ball in there oh no that
is just just skinny just skinny moving
on now we've got some nice photos of me
my mom having a nice game of minigolf me
my McKenzie shorts my honey that's top
oh what a lovely smile look at the smile
how beautiful how just beautiful that's
actually I've been shows you the phone
mom I'm doing a makeup I mean she's got
the lipstick out looking quite fancy a
lot of people ripped me for posing a lot
on my Instagram at the moment if you
don't have my Instagram following
Moore's YT link in the description but
yeah I see a lot of comments on
Instagram saying you know Moses just
poses too much it just weird poses the
truth is I've always just been the king
of posing and you can tell from this
photo right here I mean look at that
well your arms behind the back is
standing tall he's standing proud got
the really cool haircut which just
doesn't like an ice jam could we just
take a minute to admire that tom pogue
fold just showing that I just was a real
folk back then I was just I was a
gangster you can see the moobs boo the
shirt just god-awful seriously just
god-awful
again I got a lot of comments of people
say that look like unenthusiastic in a
lot me Instagram photos well I'm just
playing it serious or just just try to
look a little bit cool and again the two
bits I've always I've always just post
serious but though I was like look at
that well there you go you can see me
just looking just looking unenthusiastic
just pose it and just not looking
bothered we admire that photo
seriously just didn't buy that firstly
we've got adventury
a bench hoodie just imagine me back then
being like oh hey mom do you want to
pose of me in this photo where we both
cross our arms and poor ends open and
look really cool and my mom's like to
share it you 20 subscriber
go home seriously
gentlemen I think this literally could
be the worst one yeah I've got what
firstly why is my left hand doing I
think he might actually be grabbing my
move is if I move like flopping up
grabbed I'll just leave it there my
other arm Matt what's that handy wheel
it's like coffee mug Oh what there we go
added ice John I cares been chilly
absolute legend all right legend we got
no the beautiful forevers me and my mom
this is one the deserves to be framed I
mean look at that look at that you've
got the nice smiles you've got the way
to big joggers of noise you got mom in a
nice blue dress just looking joy just
looking happy just loving life let me
pull on the screen right now that I took
last holiday this is a beautiful faux
you know you got the digging of a nice
view in the back but in my opinion it
doesn't compare to this photo I mean
seriously the body complexion the view I
think it'd have been bad back then if I
fell off actually probably wouldn't
because then I wouldn't be here today
but yeah seriously just what a beautiful
photo
what a beautiful photo you got cracking
throw mommy she was clearly ready for
the photo clearly embracing the camp oh
there we go oh there are you we got in
the end and then finally the final throw
on this album is this absolute beauty
the man himself mocks the woman herself
Jill and to purr if ik tons ladies and
gentlemen there you go I think we've got
to go back and look at some highlights
you know some of the best photos that
were taken for out the holidays the
first one the first instant classic was
this one right here you know hair on
fleek pose on fleek just like just a
crack info all around who could forget
this absolute masterpiece boys still got
it to this day I mean that is just the
best pose you'll ever see you've got
this one you know the elegant sea otter
jumping it's just beautiful it's a
beautiful picture beautiful creation of
nature and then finally the one the only
bug bug just it is just perfect way atop
of this video and now to remove the
memory card and burn it forever well
guys that is the end of this fat mugs
video you know what the greatest part of
these videos are for me the fact that I
know that as soon as I upload this my
Twitter my Instagram my snapchat it's
just basically gonna be
bunch of you guys sending me all these
photos ripping me to pieces roasting me
like I predict that literally 55%
I don't know so specific 50% of
everything that people tweet me all the
pictures of people DM me on snapchat
Instagram will literally just be these
photos and another part of these videos
I love is knowing that now that this is
out on the internet it's never gonna die
no one's ever gonna forget and it's
gonna be with me my entire life
brilliant guys if you've enjoyed
remember to leave a like rating you've
watched a full video you're still
watching you may as well go down there
leave a like and also if you want me to
keep searching for more fat more photos
and videos I'll have a good look around
if you want me to find some more and do
another video on it then remember to
leave a like and also subscribe if
you're new and don't forget to enter my
giveaway I'm gonna kind of give you guys
a little bit of an explanation about how
you actually join and do the giveaway
because I don't think I really explained
it that way so there'll be a link in the
description it'll take you to a page
which is basically called gliese and
that's just a website that allows you to
do giveaways and basically it just elect
winners for you so so easy and fair
though there'll be options on that
website basically same stuff I subscribe
to morgues add me on snapchat follow my
Instagram and every time you do one of
them it will give you points and the
more point chav it means the better
chance you have of actually winning the
giveaway and Baron math 150 pounds worth
of iTunes and Google Play vouchers up
for grabs so everybody should enter this
so yeah all you have to do is real easy
stuff that you may already be doing and
literally the more of them you do the
better chance you have so guys click the
link in the description I'll take you to
the page enter while you can because the
giveaway will be ending too and yeah
guys I really hope you've enjoyed the
video and guys one more thing I want to
see who watches these videos truly till
the very end so if you're watching right
now tweet of me this photo right here
and captioning I'm a loyal team morgs
member tweet me this photo here or just
tweet me the words I'm a loyal team
board member and I'll know you guys are
loyal my twitter is at log hudson and
obviously they'll be linked in the
description but guys as always I've been
morgues you guys been awesome and I'll
see you in my next video peace out if
you enjoyed this video then remember to
subscribe to mug this channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis
thanks for watching
peace out
