I'm going to be dropping these mystery
boxes but the mystery boxes are going to
be filled with mystery items so I have
no clue what I am dropping guys it's
mugs and today I'm gonna be dropping
these mystery boxes off my roof or the
mystery boxes are gonna be filled with
mystery items so I will have no clue
what I am dropping what he bothered me
just said well I think you just said
you're dropping nothing off that roof
get down now now and also make sure you
watch the entire video guys because that
wraps up the mystery boxes off my room
I'm gonna be dropping them off a cliff
this video is gonna be intense
I was worried guys let's get started
right guys I've been given the very very
important job a little bit of a risk
scheme on here
Morgan is not going to be happy if you
choose this box a because in box say it
is laptop without this you won't be able
to do any work baby that means Martin
can have a bit of peace and quiet
okay this was very important we've just
been to McDonald's and we've got some
food this is what Morgan's picked and he
was planning to eat this after the video
Morgan will not be happy if we messed up
but now we need to ask Morgan box a or
Box B okay Morgan are you gonna up the
box a or box beam box a or Box B I am
very nervous I don't know what you fun
either them but Bobbie I'm going box be
sure it's got to be
okay sounded like it crashed into a
million different pieces what is it
Morgan actually on second thought how do
you think that one Marty good good okay
the next one we're going for is milk and
a banana mother looks bananas Morgan
hates milk these are the items we've
picked which one the MILF coming to a
okay that's us Morgan right Morgan we've
got the items in the boxes you want to
go for box a or box B now last time box
B failed me but this time I'm changing
my pineapple
say okay no don't cry over spilt milk no
good it's not worth it we can clean it
up now in we're gonna bring I'm always
cleaning up Jill yeah I love a brush for
you come down here and sort this out
will you please it's nothing to do with
me Martin I'm sorry no I didn't do it
nope no nope right guys the next choices
are tricky ah God
Morgan see loved' new merch by the way
guys is selling out fast a link in the
description below Morgan loves this
merch it really does he's gonna be so
upset if he picks this one this is gonna
go into box a come for the next option
I'm gonna be in somebody's bad books
it's Karis little bit cheeky garelu all
the chicken that goes in the vault
just taken the chicken Guerra I just
need to talk to Kara off-camera a minute
guys
a few moments later be a good girl
chicken in Box B look at merch in box a
which will not good pick let's go find
out Morgan box a or Box B hey box a
please don't let me down oh my god oh my
god come on don't let me down what is it
what is it
Morgan my merch is better anyway
link in description well I think it's
going really really well at the moment
I'm quite impressed with mine and Martin
capabilities if that's the world but we
need to step things up a little bit now
for the next one we're gonna pop
Morgan's mannequin a KA Morgan's best
friend I'm actually a bit sad about this
cuz I kinda like this guy's pretty -
this one is gonna go into box a and the
next one quite a tricky one this is the
very very very large to foil ball that
you'll remember from an earlier video
that we did it's a complete ball made
out of tin foil it's really heavy
so I might struggle a bit hold on guys
Halon box a cell phone ball in Box B
which will Morgan go for let's see
so Morgan box B oh I didn't even ask box
A or B we have to follow the rules I
have to ask you and then you have to say
box oh gosh a box B then yeah it's a
heavy one
Oh what is Box B so heavy I don't have
to do it over the side
- oh my god shows in that it sounded
like a bomb or me sound like a bomb
Martin reveal what's in the box oh it's
a giant metal - ball ball no no one no
mine gee little gossip on an earthquake
over here right guys for the next one
it's gonna be a bit of a prank on wall
we're gonna be putting Morgan's beloved
watch this watch cost a lot more Nate
Morgan's probably the most expensive
item that he's ever bought I think so
the watch is gonna go into box a and
talking about things that Morgan loves
Morgan loves is dog isn't what they're
but it looks them so the next one is
gonna be the prank
item and it's Pago Pago is going into
box be don't worry we will let him drop
you it's just a little bit of a prank it
does actually look a little bit worried
no dogs will be harmed in the making of
this video
so Oh without further ado it's a
Wow so Morgan this is the final one
before we go to the cliff which will it
be a or B well you know what be kind of
failed me last time because I destroyed
my garden but I've been taught to have
faith and to believe so you're gonna go
for a B no go for a Morgan have a change
now Yuki oh no no no why'd y'all mix
your a so good I just think it's a
change everybody's getting bored with
you know I'm gonna go nope ladies and
gentlemen boys and girls
Bogg spears about to go flying free -
why wait stop boy down why is it why
don't you want me to throw this box
talking just look in the Box look in the
Box look in the box now I never thought
you'd go for B again cuz you've been
going for P no stop - no you didn't I
won't have let you Morgan you know what
guys that was way too close for my
liking what we're gonna do right now is
travel out to a mountain literally like
five times the high of this probably
more probably like a hundred times
higher but if you still watching right
now guys make sure you watch all the way
to the end because the drops are about
to be times by one less flipping go guys
if you're wondering why my hair is
blowing all over the place that is
because as you can tell we are on so
this is a no roof
this isn't no hair this is I'm out
I have got two items I've also brought
skiers favourite classes a few moments
later okay so folks a or Box B I forgot
Jewish yeah you've got box pops okay you
know what for this one I let my
Instagram followers choose I did a poll
on there and everybody said box a so I'm
gonna do box Hey oh also if you don't
have your Instagram already guys you're
fucked up there and tell me you came
from this video and I'll follow you back
but let's drop box a
come on come on what's in that X well
you know what mom
oh you're breakfast tomorrow yeah be
scrambled eggs Morgan yeah guys I took
it out for that one I even got it on me
so right guys the next items are going
in the boxes are old makeup bar this
makeup bag means a lot in this show
everything that I need to make me look
as good as this don't laugh I love this
makeup I need it
this makeup needs me Bert equally I'm
putting something on the line of
Morgan's that he can't live without
either makeup you say no no not not
makeup it's Morgan PlayStation organ
cannot live without this place it's on
for tonight all the time you look sick
without this I don't know what you do
Little Mermaid Cole be honest I don't
know what I'd do so I'm gonna put our
favorite items on the line and it's down
to Morgan which of us is gonna be very
unhappy the PlayStation is going into me
and mom's makeup is going into a let's
see what Morgan pigs I want him to pick
the mister squad it didn't do very well
so for this one I'm gonna be letting the
snapchats cord pick which box I drop and
snatch our squad said box thank you what
I can tell you Morgan drop the box and
you'll see God he'll snap shy guys again
link in description let's drop this box
and see if the snap just squad have got
me
are you ready Morgan - I'll tell you
what is now what it's not mom's makeup
that was in the other bar you wait right
there woman ah
Morgan ah ah Munem I'm Lori I'm really
sorry about this but you made the right
decision
oh oh
Morgan it's for entertainment it's for
entertainment it's entertainment
oh my playstation yeah anything but ah
must be nasty
it won't be all right look in here
honestly all you do is just probably a
sellotape on it and it'll be RI it's
broken I can't believe you've done da Oh
more good it's all entertainment
this isn't entertaining this is us the
guys if they're entertained guys like
the video right now if you're
entertained that wasn't entertaining for
me right guys Phil it's going really
really well I think Morgan is kind of
warming to the idea of Smashing these
things and throwing them off rocks so
the next one
the pointer box is Peppa Pig I love you
know so just more good all couldn't
actually asked Peppa Pig in bed with him
every night you didn't know that did you
so he's gonna be really upset Peppa Pig
gets hurt I'm sorry Peppa Pig it looks
like you're gonna go into box a and box
three this is what I've already prepared
the packing peanuts these packing
peanuts some very very very bad memories
for me
oh good build my bedroom was packing
Pino and it took me hours to clean them
all so I'll just be glad if you throws
these off and they just explode and go
everywhere I'm not bothered I can't
stand the sight of these anymore so
let's take them to Morgan and see what
you pigs
you know what snap just quad it did me
dirty it's just God did me dirty
everything is going wrong right now I'm
just gonna just do it for myself okay
hey box I'm going to go oh three oh yeah
oh yes I have to see the back of them
everywhere horrible I'd like someone
else we know subscribe to the channel
leave like and we'll fill this mountain
we'll fill the well the universe ah
right guy it is now the ground
finale it's what this old video has been
leading up to this is the big one and
this is the one that is a lose-lose for
Morgan
whichever box he picks is gonna be a
loser and I'm gonna show you the items
in a minute but the reason I'm doing
this is because Morgan has been pranking
me all the time and you guys have been
saying hunk him back get back you let
Morgan get away with this so I thought
what items will hurt Morgan Morgan's
iPhone II can't live without this phone
but he broke my phone and you lost me
some photos that we're back though
that's why this one is going into box a
the next item is a very very personal
one Supporter it says 100,000 subscriber
plaque yuechu Morgan love this plaque it
takes pride of place on the wall and you
know what if we break this the next
plaque for Morgan is this 10 million
subscriber milestone so I think guys why
not go down there and if you haven't
already subscribe to his channel
I've got a feeling if you fix this world
and it's gonna need your support and you
to subscribe so it can move on and fill
up empty space on its wall with the new
plaque this is going into box B as I say
guy it's a lose-lose for Morgan it'll be
a little bit of fun fur herbs and it's
payback for all the pranks is done on
team more let's go oh god I see nice it
is 10 the final top the video I thought
I need even worse myself and due to the
highest point of the mountain
I don't know it won't
dangerous it fall to the distance
between me and the fall I have a feeling
literally anything I've got he's gonna
smash into a million pieces Morgan which
ultimately be a or b guys I don't think
I've ever been in such a dilemma
A or B that question seems so much worse
right now no and I've got to drop it
down here but I feel like B has let me
down throughout this video and I am a
European so I'm gonna go with box and
guys just before I drop this box one
more time if you haven't already
subscribed to the channel please do it I
have sacrificed so much money in this
video for you guys and we are only 70
thousand subscribers away from 4 million
and at 4 million I'm gonna be doing my
biggest giveaway ever so subscribe to
the channel right now unless drop this
box guys I'm all the way to the edge 3 2
mum what was that that did not sound
good it landed right on a rock they
landed right what I saw the Box deform
in shape I heard that bang but I didn't
sound good mom no what was i Morgan if
you had the choice of throwing your
iPhone or your 100,000 subscribers like
for cliff what would you go for
neither obviously but you wouldn't have
done that right because I saw lose-lose
there's no good yeah this was a
lose-lose and it was to get you back for
all the pranks that you've done to me
you didn't do it this is not team you
can do it you can do it I don't look in
the box son you would not do that to me
I just did it but I didn't throw it
Morgan I would never break anything you
threw it you didn't have to
oh my god I can't believe you threw it
my terrible
I bought you an iPhone you broke my nose
oh boy nobody broke mine it's in the box
it should be all right the boxes don't
do anything it's still gonna be broken I
don't want to look market it's only a
bit of fun it was a lose-lose last one
is way too far or about I've got another
idea
bonus box your box said your box beat
I'm throwing boom how could you do that
there's no bonus boxes Negrita huh let's
do that I don't look I think you smushed
no no except with some tissue around it
it'll be all right more good to shoot
fish do it off of the fucking cliff
tissue
okay
alright guys let's go home and take a
look at for the iPhone smashed if it is
I'm gonna be furious so Morgan did the
phone smash you know this is mom oh the
screen we need words off-camera
or she read your on-camera off-camera
off-camera yeah yeah yeah guys if you're
new here go down there smash that
subscribe button
we are only 70 thousand subscribers the
way from 4 million I need all of you to
go and subscribe follow my social medias
leave a like on the video I'll see you
in the next one guys peace
