hi dad
hello guys and today we have another
video in today's video we have a little
bit of a vlog now we're going to be
doing some exciting stuff today
number one I'm gonna be heading down to
the busiest part of the island the most
kind of like exciting part number two
I'm also going to give you guys a full
room tour of this room Evan staining cuz
I told you guys I was gonna do it but I
forgot I'm gonna do that a little bit
later though because we should probably
like the mate clean the room because
right now don't if you can see but it's
an absolute fricking tin I know my three
actually number three we're gonna have
to go and actually get number three it's
been spotted good okay I'm gonna have to
walk around the side of the bed now this
right here is called Stretch Armstrong
and apparently this is like a giant
stretchy man that you just can't break
now you're probably thinking Morgan what
are you going to be doing with him today
we're gonna be trying to break him yep
you guys know me I don't mean told I
can't do something and apparently this
is unstretched will unbreakable and all
that so today we're gonna be finding out
if it really is unbreakable hey Dad
there you go thank you so yeah guys this
is going to be a pretty ocean poke video
assume you may be thinking Morgan why
are you always wearing hats like why'd
you literally never take this hull and
you know I'll be the first one to admit
I do wear it quite a bit but you know
there's an actual reason today look at
the state of this Oh Abbi state of it's
not every day is a good hair day guys I
mean I'm gonna um
hi again maybe even put on work
backwards Oh how's that look
Oh No okay now switch it back I don't
look good so yeah guys right now it's
dad what time is it right now it's about
1:00 but in a few moments we could head
down to the pool have a Bevis swim I
might even take my GoPro cuz why the
hell not die Siri hot yup side doing
that stop filming I'm reading the whole
new light obviously how many likes
should this most one what guys you heard
the man don't let me down one like right
now let's all team up together to smush
one whole like
just keep swimming just keep swimming
just keep swimming swimming swimming oh
okay okay guys I know what you're
thinking
Morgan why the hell have you just
teleported back home it's for a good
reason our guys I want to give you an
update about up I've been using a lot
recently then you can get on iOS and
Android now the app is called tops kick
and I told you about a few weeks ago I
really want to give you guys an update
now firstly I want to congratulate Adam
Smith who was the winner of the last
competition if you didn't win though
there's no worries because here's
another chance for you now is it won't
glory League going on right now that
everyone can enter enters on the 13th of
April and ends on the 15th that's when
you can sign off and then the league is
active from the 15th to the 17th where
you've got to score the most points you
get 10 free packs every day you can win
loads of awesome prizes you can build
your own team you can open packs and get
plays for loading elite BPL BBVA it's
really cool cuz you're earn points based
on how well the players actually perform
on the field oh yeah let me show you
guys some of the best players that I
have now my favorite card of the
movement has to be your boy Luis Suarez
but I want to expand my library I want
to pack some more players so let's open
a pot here we go ladies and gentlemen
let's see who we get we've got Robert
who've Magda
we got Mario Goetze Lu John Muir veg sir
and then we got a nice bars ugly Bobby
neo survey Shiller and Tony Cruz on
Jonas no yo don't be sure to go and get
the app there'll be a link in the
description but I know you guys are all
eager to see what happens with Stretch
Armstrong so I think we we teleport back
in time and get back to it guys let's do
it so just go back into the room on the
big camera and what I'm gonna do right
now and just because the maids have just
been in they've cleaned the room so what
I'm gonna do is give you guys a tall
leave a like if excited let's do this
when you enter this is what you see
firstly what we'll do
we'll go right this is the room that my
dad has been sleeping it please you only
got one bedroom I've been sleeping on
the sofa but yeah this is like two
single bed pushed together and then my
dad was like pushing apart ugly hell no
I don't want to be in the same room as
you bro
but anyway yeah we've got two bedside
tables we got some lies lots of wardrobe
space a cheetah love TV and then a nice
big mirror that's about it for this real
fairly standard bedroom and we're going
to come straight across into the
bathroom firstly it got a big-ass mirror
with some big-ass lice looking pretty
cool down here not just one thing you
got two sinks and then as well as that
if I can actually get them open how'd
you would you know yeah we got some jars
full awesome cleanup crew dogs and all
that stuff a nice toilet I've had lots
of fun on this thing this shower is
actually pretty cool if I go in here
look at that this is a massive shower I
actually really like this a lot my local
sizes and then a nice bath wish for the
record is a lot nicer than the buffer
hose moving swiftly on forward we have
the main room this is all kind of open I
start with this side we have one big-ass
open a nice table some camera equipment
and a nice TV
three drawers above the TV and then a
nice table right here and yeah I mean
that's that's pretty much it for the for
the earth for the lounge crap check
guess which ones are mine moving on here
we have a big kitchen area now I
actually do rate this a lot I'll show
you why this actual table unit has it
plugs which is actually a lot more
useful than you think but yeah look at
the size of these drawers look at this
in here we got loads a different light
thing got cattles you got like freaking
toasters some things like even like an
orange juicer in here like that's pretty
cool oh yeah I think that's pretty much
it for the kitchen and like this main
room don't already for this boys that
tells you you're not ready and then
coming out here the balcony is probably
as big as this main room but yeah you
got to some beds
got you got for you my bad you got a
table and then you've got this freakin
view oh my goodness oh you got mountains
over there just just admire seriously
boys just admire this blue what I'll do
is I'll show you some photos I've taken
like up this balcony out this view
they'll all be on Instagram soon so if
you don't follow my Instagram go follow
my Instagram it's morgues whitey all
long words oh hey Dad you're just on the
route Oh bro okay well yo guys I think
that's about it okay boys and girls I've
just got ready dad if you got any yes
there you go
so what I'm gonna do in a little bit is
head down to the other resort which is
about I'd say like a 10-minute taxi
drive away that's kind of a more active
result that's Hard Rock Cafe down there
which we think we're gonna go in but
before that there's a few things I need
to do and one of them involves a certain
something known as Stretch Armstrong
boys and girls here is now as you know
this toy is supposed to be unrepairable
those would be unbreakable and it's also
I'm pretty sure the world's largest
stretchy man but with all these toys
that say you know that the world this
and the worlds that and they can't be
stretched and they can't be with I want
to find out if that's really the case
what I'm gonna do is I'm going to see if
I can rip him with my hands and if I
can't we're gonna bring out the tools
oh is that Wow that's I think really
cool oh my god yo look at that Jesus
this thing feels things feel so weird
oh man yo this is gonna be this is gonna
be really tough going
freaky stay away man this is gonna be
harder than I thought
no what it's quite quite henge isn't it
quite Jack guy you know I've got an idea
grub Oh flakes you got eight three two
one Oh God
oh no I did it before more on the glory
game okay first test we're gonna do I'm
literally just gonna just pull both arms
just as strong as I can are you ready
three two one
oh my god oh my god this is gonna be a
while and I thought how about if I'm
like yeah that's it that's it that's got
it that not most of it that must have it
it's gonna fling an it mum no no how am
I colored by Wi-Fi a proper foot over
one arm and then just tougher just oh
come on
too old if I don't get it now Joe this
is ridiculous
how is it still alive dad are you
serious
I generally don't have to juggle with
this part of an is I'll give me a London
you pull away at me I love the camera
okay come on this is it
but if your brain she'll go back I was
going to go up I'm telling you that's
gonna go go for no gayly
I will admit it dad you are stronger
than me so let's see what you can do
that's actually really how that's the
best tactic the closest I was gonna put
off over and then did both hands just
interesting oh my god ha ha Oh
unlike slipper okay oh my god what oh oh
are you oh my god we probably just made
him a bit taller Oh splits
oh no that's major splits what oh so you
did it no way just do it man all right
guys I think it's fairly clear there's
only one thing to do
hi - what's your next idea what you
never climb how old do it go do what are
you doing wait oh whoa whoa oh my oh my
god oh yeah so I'm faster than kid oh my
god oh my god before you're good I'm
doing pretty good
oh my it's not like white is that could
be rooted voices or something probably
no oh yeah oh you guys home
this is Portland oh my god 900 master
they go take your oils victory choker
themes devout a little bit of a nasty
accident
well guys his arm is fully just viewing
out all like the goo that's inside and
it's just look at us it's generally a
secluded anyway what we're going to do
we're going to put him down on here and
we're going to experiment even further
ready three two one
seriously oh my god open-heart surgery
three two one you like too much more oh
haha that it's an experiment bro oh he's
neck that feels hotter than a lot I
think we should were just leaving
yeah it's big dad is it gonna miss it
Connor what a guy
there you go what smaller floor O'Neal
alright guys we're just heading out now
dad's actually waiting for me outside it
like a bar which is that on the way out
and we're heading out we're gonna go to
the other part of the resort go get some
food go chill but yet outfit if you care
got red top got some just denim shorts
and then I've got my copper strategies
probably best to shut these so that no
one breaks in yeah there we go
tell you what these doors are very very
stiff I was watching about the GoPro
footage I got earlier while I was in the
pool and it was actually really cool
tell me what you thought of that but
yeah the Sun is literally blinding me
right now but guys if you don't already
go follow my Instagram because I'll
minds you I've posted so many pictures
from this holiday you'll probably want
to see them because a really good
picture so yeah more whitey or one word
there'll be a link in the description
and go follow that and I've just
realized I forgot my sunglasses which is
annoying I mean I think this was good
hurry up Oh Justin hey guys I really
have enjoyed these holiday videos all
like are enjoying them because
oh yeah also mate what's wrong with me
mate well we're off to tonight let me
know after that I'm going to go to the
Hard Rock Cafe well we are gonna get
wise ruler and have a burger or steak
we're gonna take fancy right then dad
what we're doing right now actually I'm
gonna tell them we're gonna get we'll go
get a toasty right now guys anything to
say about that correct
thanks for the important right so the
restaurant was fully booked for like the
next 30 minutes so what we've done with
come up here to the bar and we're just
waiting until there's like a table for
you give me a really weird look come
over said something wrong
oh shit anything wrong okay well you're
looking at me like I'm like talking to a
camera or something like come on bro
anyway we've sat down I got this like I
think it was they're walking on it was a
cool and cocktail I'm not sure it's got
watermelon arms at the gas got a little
bit of tequila in it Oh underage
drinking is allowed if you it's allowed
if rabbit-proof I'm taking a fella now
you are a face that will fit all the Sun
shall do so is that your face confirm
face he's the face
just arrived I got salmon and dog what
we go you like you and I film me when
you eat that's what I'm gonna keep doing
it right we've just done food in the in
the Hard Rock Cafe it's actually quite
late right now to even realize but yeah
that's what we're gonna do now
ever wonder look how fun but yeah look
good look at it absolutely madness dad
just leaked on some photos yeah I do
so get the Cap'n and take some through
right ready smile
look it's my
I'm really messing about see I used on
the one house too
challengers I break it there you go
which I look at I go away
don't intern ten tenten tenten tenten
tenten tenten tenten picking up the
water picking up the bulletin taxi taxi
taxi taxi taxi taxi taxi taxi taxi taxi
taxi taxi taxi back to the hotel dad is
a fail no dad you think you're good
thought you're bad going to hit you with
a lad
ah that's where we're going on the video
what's to do if I've enjoyed proof
scallop I like subscribe blah blah I'm
really loving my few doesn't done hand
gestures we've liked down below
do you like and subscribe if you're new
to the subscribers your new and then do
that I've been more you be able to
I've been dads you've been awesome combo
now come on nope guys that's why I'm
gonna end the video if you've enjoyed
remember to leave a like rating down
below all these hand gestures because
why the hell not remember to subscribe
to my channel if you're new and enter
the 500 pound gaming PC giveaway there
will be a link down there in the
description form over social media
Twitter snapchat Instagram all links are
down there so just check the description
bar or girl I don't what's the brother
bro
sis sis know it sounds weird man I don't
know guys as always I've been bored you
guys been awesome and I'll see you in my
next video peace out
