shoot faraway what we got got me I'll be
like hello guys and welcome back to
another video I'll lip sync it 3 2 1
hello guys welcome back to the lips
you're too late
3 2 1 hello guys you're supposed to keep
going
yeah 3 2 1
you embarrassing me you are so bad there
3 2 1
hello guys welcome back to a new video
oh nice bangs I was pretty good I
suppose
we tried guys which eyes what hello guys
and welcome back to another video we
joined again by dad by Darren Paul
Hudson also known as small D by only
small things big Daza
anyway your boys and girls today we're
taking a fun challenge and we're making
it extreme you may have heard of the how
well does know me challenge sheeple have
done it with the boyfriends girlfriends
obviously I can't do that one people are
doing it with their moms dads and today
that's what we're gonna be doing but
we're gonna be making it extreme right
here we have to bottled substances olive
oil and vinegar as you can see and the
way this is gonna work I'm gonna ask my
dad 10 questions about me and the wall
of us is gonna have to do the forfeit
depending on how many he gets right I'm
hoping you don't get all of them right
how many we get right that's what we're
gonna find out right now so to figure
out how many he has to get right what
we're gonna do we're gonna go random to
old we're gonna play one to ten and then
whatever number it lands on is the
amount of questions he has to get right
and if he gets that number right I have
to do the forfeit if he doesn't he does
and also if you ever established already
you're gonna have to
one of these and then down the entire
bottle minimum one maximum ten
here we go generate okay dad
yes mommy likes then on this video on
this video
I reckon 35,000 lives
40,000 I don't know we'll stop doing
that's 250 powers of noise smash me like
right now 50,000 likes let's do it but
good get started right now we're the
first question don't ask you guys on my
Twitter which is app mobs hood soon
they'll be linked in the description I
asked you guys for questions okay we're
gonna start with an easy one dad we're
gonna start with an easy one
what is my favorite fruit supid easy one
yes that's very good only an easy one
that's extremely easy you're kidding
no think about my favorites we think
about always like every day you have
fresh orange juice like it's water
just coffee already did i balance that's
not right
why is your answer ah bloody hell I'm
just almost all myself you ruin in the
dramatic news okay that is
in paint it's mango my ass mangoes every
morning's movies I love my GU what is my
favorite food to eat out so like
restaurants that can be like takeaway
cutter you know what I'm talking about
like when I go out shopping to the
shopping mall what's my favorite food
well what's not fake swag amaavas that
one is correct
thank you one of my first-ever videos
was a Minecraft video
you're not recorded you definitely have
seen all you've heard me talk about it
before
now the Minecraft video was a building
video now what did I build think about
this I made a little road I made a let's
play video about actually building it
you got to think about this now remember
you built a whole theme park
rollercoasters very fine so as to be
because that's what sticks in my men was
probably wrong medieval town I remember
that as well now yeah I think a huge
huge menu well you know officially I
hope this videos every single how many
views do I have on my channel to the
nearest 10 million are you a school a
school you're just very very close to
coming up 200
I'd say one four eight one four nine
okay one four nine pound it four nine
one four eight I mailed it is Mel there
you go two out of four is the comeback
on okay the next question why is my
favorite Varian or vision of coke on
give over you got diet coke coke coke
Zero coke why right so talking coke so
we're not talking Mike's with smokey
it's that one that Coke Zero you said it
earlier this what answer yeah okay
that's correct
I know closely followed by Diet Coke by
do like code zero one zero this one
could be tricky and I feel like you
should know this I'm gonna do it to the
nearest five pounds how much do I weigh
I'll keep over 5 pounds nearest um
should be okay nearest own so you can go
well would I know that I'm gonna have to
go rude 10/10 I'm tense them think I
might be 10 so fast
I'll give my four out of six what are
you gonna have vinegar or oil okay what
was the exact day I'll give you a lie
your word exact I'll give you I'll give
you five days what is your birth it can
be five days in between or over by hit 1
million subscribers state November the
24th the 15th of December how can you
not remember 1 million before Christmas
no I did but I remember that I'm
thinking you were gonna go yeah now you
say yeah stupid well that's it it's over
why yeah because you've got 4 year old
let's do it what will others
why is my favorite breed of dog that
isn't post
beagle beagle would have been
correct what is the king charles carry
spaniel what's this the King Charles
Cavalier spaniel of course it is I can
tell the nearest 5,000 how many
followers do have an Instagram bear no
matter told you this today now I
remember telling you 85,000 I don't have
to check yet why is my favorite protein
this one size salmon yeah he's got it
yeah so so that's another one you would
have had supposed oh I'm just not right
before we figure out which one you have
which one would you rather have oil or
vinegar number them 1 2 2 okay so the
oil is one oil is one vinegars to
minimum or maximum to generate so down a
full bottle you got to drink it all
there you can see you guys days olive
oil and dad you got a drink all of it
well whenever you ready do is how's it
smell there's no smell to it I'm so I
think I drink it those probably scrape
by Oh y'all make candy down no no
well guys that is where I'm gonna end
this video if you've enjoyed remember to
leave a like rating down below also
remember to subscribe if you are new
more torture on my dad guys all I
wouldn't much appreciate you know the
goal subscribe if you leave a like and
as always I've been more you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video
peace out if you enjoyed the video then
remember to subscribe to mug this
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis thanks for
watching peace out
