this is gonna be the hardest video I
have ever ever had to make
now I've been thinking about this
non-stop for the past few months it's
been draining me it's been physically
mentally draining I've been thinking
about this throw hard and guys I've come
to the conclusion that I'm leaving I
only felt right to tell you guys I just
feel like I've been here for so long and
I just I'm not enjoying it anymore I
don't enjoy it here I honestly wish I
did I really wish I did but I don't
anymore and I've decided it's time to go
I just seriously I'm gonna cry like I
just feel so sad that it's come to this
I've been here for what feels like all
my life I've built so much here I've
achieved so much here but now it's time
to go away my plane leaves in two hours
guys let's go wait what you thought I
was leaving you - oh hell no man I'm
going on holiday I just can't take the
weather of England and more I can't take
Peter anymore guys I'm going on holiday
to Tel Aviv and I'm taking you guys with
me so are you ready
obviously icon here so I don't know if
you said you're well no but anyway let's
go
so guys we're just pulling up to the
airport right now we got mom on the
steering wheel got dad and looking back
there in the background just just
looking back just just being dad
so if you couldn't tell by the intro I'm
going on a holiday right now with my dad
also by the way if you believe me if you
thought was leaving YouTube that's gonna
leave a like because obviously I want to
know if my acting skills get any better
well yeah me my daddy going away to
Tenerife for seven days by the time
you're watching this I'll be in ternary
pour just pulled up to the airport right
now well we're not really pulling up
we're just on the boat boy well I think
I'll be getting close five miles we're
almost there I've had no sleep though
literally I'm the only person that can
be energetic after having 20 hours of
sleep now we get to probably the most
boring part I've been in the airport
queueing there's literally no queue data
thieves all over them
so we found some wifey's he's already
letting himself go when I'm on holiday I
went with the traditional breakfast
obviously died when with the ultimate
one because he's quite a funky guy now
Geoghan died you a very beautiful guy
anyway yeah we're getting some food
right now just one seven apply is at
nine so we got a few hours to wait I'm
feeling a little bit tired hopefully
gonna sleep on the train train yeah I'm
tired guys I just I just said check so
the food has arrived I don't see much
difference oh he died tomorrow
the only difference I see in that white
thing there God what even is that black
pudding disgusted looks vile lay tell
kids don't gamble he'll end up like this
man he's broken he's lost and this is
what this is what he spent this time
doing kids don't gamble
so we've just arrived at the gate were
boarding the plane right now I switch to
a smaller camera
that's just wasting money what you
actually gambling for five pounds here
the hostage a boy's father Jack five
pound in Jewish male this machine
belongs in Vegas right boys and girls we
get it onto the plane right now and
cheese
our minders come a really early soaks
there we go it's on the ride dad where
are May 11
what oh I get it what's funny guys
we're in Tenerife right now just go in
to get the bag
well guys we just pulled up at the hotel
is a hotel apartment suite it's a
five-star place guys I'll be the judge
of that
last hotel I went to was like a mint and
that was far enough star so apparently
she's gonna be better
what's this then oh wait what oh my god
okay that is trippy that is trippy that
is pretty true oh my goodness
okay now I'm not gonna give too much
away because I think I'm gonna do a full
tour of theirs but I think it's time we
switch back to my other camera okay so
switch back to the big camera hope where
you can see a quality difference wait
what's that you want another look and
this is back on my small camera I'm now
once again we're back on the big camera
so guys we're here now we're in the room
and let me tell you guys this room is
absolutely insane this may be may be
better than the last room from the last
hotel but I did a tour on a while ago
but I'm gonna do a full tour of this
room and a separate video so get hyped
for that I never actually told you guys
whilst I was in the app well I bought
some new sunglasses a book bringing you
pairs because I let you just couldn't
decide which ones I like more I'm gonna
show you all three of them right now so
these are number one and then these ones
here are number two these are fairly
similar to these but I feel closer
there's quite a bit of difference these
ones right here these are really
standard you've probably seen these
before but yeah guys what wouldn't we do
what want you guys to do is comment down
below tell me which ones you like the
most
anyway I need to talk to you guys about
something and this involves dad who
stood over there behind the camera right
guys so these sunglasses right here are
the same as these ones right these are
the ones I just bought and these
sunglasses were my dad's and the thing
was he didn't wear them for about a year
so he said I could take them so he said
I could take these and wear them and
basically they'd be mine but then out of
nowhere a few days ago dad says that
says he wants them back he says he wants
some part so me being the nice caring
Sonia I went out and bought a pair a
brand new pair of the new ones and then
what does that say the new ones gonna be
mine why on earth would that be the case
you gave me them
Judy wear them and loaned you them yeah
like coal it's like a football loan
spell if you load them out you loaned
them to me on a zero percent wage budget
you were still playing the wage you
still bought them and then me I go and
buy a new pair and then why would why'd
I buy you the new pair because you've
loaned them you're only a fee per week
we didn't agree how you thought we
didn't agree we didn't agree the fee is
you're actually any difference like is
there an actual is there any scratches
or anything I mean there's not much
difference you have looked after them
I'll grind you so give me the new ones a
new can have the new ones this is like
some glass of heaven right now I've
never seen so many sunglasses in the
same place at one time all right guys
it's been about an hour since I last
vlog I think we've came up from the pool
I went and gosh I got a bath I should
I'm not gonna lie guys I didn't get a
shower I got a bath but yeah me my dad
heading out right now we're gonna go get
some food because I literally haven't
eaten and I think this is now like the
30th hour I've been awake with no sleep
I have like an hour sleep on the plane
but I don't really count that because I
just kept nodding off but yeah guys all
I'm saying is get ready for when this
room tour drops because this room I'm
trying keep it kind of like not showing
you much but this room is absolutely
insane if you don't follow my snapchat
guys loosely I'm not just saying this
you're fully missing out on asleep go
follow the snap joke right now if you
don't already it's more Hudson all one
word my snap code is right there scan it
add me up but let me show you a bit of
us snap just over from today because
I've literally just been like mugging my
dad off all day oh look at this one guys
what a guy what a guy don't gamble kids
you'll end up like this broken man
daddy's loving you love him in the
holiday with me aren't you guys let's
cut her up Jenny my life is daddy where
the tree line it's on the line wait yeah
there could be some snakes and anacondas
around here is that an Australian accent
yeah so guys we found somewhere to eat
we've just sat down in an American diner
I've ordered a steak obviously dad's
ordered the order steak he's got a steak
I've got a steak oh nice
well guys this is where I'm gonna end
this video a nice little war I hope you
guys have enjoyed now that I'm here on
holiday what I want to know is what you
guys actually want to see gonna see
vlogs do you want to see some challenges
I don't know just let me know you want
me to do a video of my dad maybe a Q&A
tell me what you want me to do in the
conversation below I'm gonna definitely
do a room tour of this place because
it's absolutely insane but yeah thank
you all so much for watching the video
if you've enjoyed remember to leave a
like and subscribe to my channel if you
are new and guys as always I've been
Bors you guys been awesome and I'll see
you in my next video peace out
