oh look at that not absolutely vile
hello guys I'm today me and my mom are
but a bit off the chair the trim you
small just accepted it wouldn't meant to
tell anybody that Morgan hello God is
unta day we're going to be licking game
cartridges because apparently that's
what my channel has come to 1.7 billion
subscribers and I'm doing a video
licking game cartridges now your
assistant I've got a word life Super
Nintendo switch came out not long ago
what they actually did is they coded
these games in a really disgusting
substance to stop kids from eating the
cartridges it's like similar stuff that
you put on your nails to stop you from
buying them didn't work for you it
didn't work for me did it because my
nails look absolutely horrible so I can
see right here yeah what's up we haven't
talked about why payment the payment not
payment now that you're a famous YouTube
woman I have to like pay to get in my
videos like is he draining me out later
mom all on hold on one minute how many
eyes do they have to smash on this video
to keep be doing videos with me fifty
thousand thirty thousand let's do it or
I'm out with it here so we have three
games right here we're gonna be testing
out how they case a lot of a taste test
boy instead of food we're just going to
be looking Nintendo with Nintendo games
what is y'all are you ready for the
first game this is just stunts you know
what more give us a little done do it uh
duh look at my
but uh it's not happening are you
excited for the first of all again know
what to think on a pile of this stuff is
less absolutely horrible look at this
look at the high all of that box room
and you get this tiny little cartridge
that's literally it that's all you get
okay are you ready for this I'm gonna go
first most of their watching I guess
just give it a big lick three two one Oh
oh my god I'm not doing it oh oh oh oh
my god oh all the so much worse there's
so much worse than like nails ah let me
give this a wipe or my top oh don't
worry mom I certainly germs it's only
bacteria who cares about that - one
that's horrible horrible horrible
oh that's horrible a horrible oh Justin
Bartha super hot anyway Oh $50 on my
boat let me give you a wireless Club
well just dance in an orgy give it a
turn eight whoa I mean nice that's go
away zip one one out of ten breaking I
enjoy this video with an important
message
I'm gonna tell you guys about a brand
new art that I've been using a lot
recently called tops kick and it's a
football-related up where you can open
packs then you can play with your cards
in real time game based on how well the
real players actually perform on the
field is crazy so for example when Harry
Caine scores for Tottenham you're gonna
score points to hit links him do you see
what I'm saying
no I want to torture you guys about a
road to glory lead that you can enter
one you can answer must be easy Morgan
if I can do it well you may not do very
well but I mean you can give it a try
now you can sign up to the road to glory
right now there'll be two days for new
players to sign off
thirty of to April first and then while
the league is active you can collect
cards and try and score as many points
as you can points are awarded for the
teams that are built in game using cards
from the Premier League now you may be
thinking you know what do you win the
first prize is a ps4 Xbox one gaming
settle in second place all the way to
50th place we'll all get fifty thousand
coins and a pack with 50 cards Sasebo in
for the league but what I want to do is
go onto the app and show you guys my
cards and open apart well shall we do
this let's do this
okay so as you can see here I am on the
are and here you have some of my cards
now I've actually got some pretty decent
ones I've got a limited edition one
right here then as well as dies what
freaking agüero and I've also got Neymar
I'm gonna go put a Premier League pipe
right now let's see here we get and
we've got a brand new card right here
that's been on Dini oh we got Roberto
Firmino and as well as that we've got
agüero again and then finally we've got
Shaqiri they were yeah so guys that'll
be a link to download the app in the
description right now
I advise to do so but now let's get back
to the video monks are you ready ready
let's do this okay it's time to move on
to the second game one two switch I
don't know what that all this game is
what we're gonna see if it tastes the
same as the first one teeth it's nicer
mom give me a battle cry
I can't open it I really know she
couldn't make love again ah ah ah a bit
through the actual plastic of the game
this is number two again the humongous
box for this tiny little tiny little
cartridge you know what moved you know
what guys leave a like on this video
right now and I'll pour this entire
thing in my mouth and just swish it
around and leave a lie right now should
I do it should put the entire thing in
the mouth I don't swallow it
okay you ready we will testify to stops
you swallowing it to 1 I get vile as
awesomely vile Oh hot cars over doors
instead why am I here this well mum
here's your tissue give it a knife why
what we got to do now ok mummy you're
ready mum for your challenge you've got
to put it in your mouth and swallow it
come true ok I'm joking I don't know mum
for your challenge you're gonna change
this up a little bit what you've got to
do is tip the cartridge Jesus what you
have to do when we skip the cartridge in
a frickin pity to lose yo girl because
what you've got to do is liquor all of
the yoghurt off the cartridge right
break it out receive comfort a bit there
lots of sacrifices we're willing to make
on this channel show home go ahead dip
it in there we smear it completely
engulf it in it oh Jesus it's quick I'm
writing oh yeah okay now I'm um I think
we ready Oh me me oh oh this always
happens when we do videos so much oh no
she put in get all my yogurt off there
oh it's just coming through now the
taste it's like battery acid not love a
taste about our battery I see my mom no
that's horrible mom I feel a little bit
more yo gone there yeah
in there mama how are you doing I'm
getting rid of the toes cause it's
horrible okay we're moving on to the
third and final game right now this is
Legend of Zelda Congress is really good
so nicely by Nintendo's wishes to play
this so mom have you got a challenge for
me I don't know why I'm asking you for
challenge because he's probably gonna
give me a really hard one but what you
all may do is this cartoon I want you to
put it in your mouth
okay that's Foley's yeah and eat a
banana whilst keeping the onion out but
eat of an owner oh jesus don't call me
I'm doing I mean we didn't agree to this
it'd be to anything more good you can
half a banana don't eat the cartridge
okay we've got the banana we've got the
cartridge cartridge inside the banana
three two one Oh Melissa far don't eat
the cartridge Morgan is the cartridge in
your mouth I can taste it building on Oh
Syd lackeys making the banana taste like
oh oh oh you're a Buddhist do you want
me to put some yogurt in your mouth to
make it a bit better
Oh
look very rat
where's the car she should not eat it
though after you remember not to me Oh
I'm gonna wash this off you better get
ready for your next challenge you
freakin better get really you didn't
think about what I'm doing your
challenge dude yeah
it says hello do not put in your mouth
with bananas very dangerous looks like
oh I don't listen to the boxes okay
we've got a cartridge it's nice and
clean there you go cleaned it off noise
all right and now I'm gonna search for
your next challenge no oh no more good
no everybody moves one play one Nintendo
switch cartridge one tub of hot sauce oh
my god Legend of Zelda more like Legend
of frickin Nando's get on mum there you
go I'm gonna be sick thing I feel like I
can do it
hot sauce it like it Nintendo switch
look at that that looks absolutely vile
mum are you ready guess why I don't care
you got banana conscious um in an apple
or something 9 the grand finale moment
I'll count you down 3 2 1 me me it's all
the sauce for lose my way hold on a
minute
my mouth is burning absolutely I don't
know whether it's theta4 star or whether
it's Sam that's horrible well there we
go
two hours later what lies the end of the
video if you enjoy it
smash a like on the video right now
everyone there's just one more thing I
only quickly say yeah um I actually
don't remember money to pay this one I
gave you all my money with the other
videos you haven't given me any money
Morgan have you spent all your money
again yeah I'm afraid you don't can't
pay if this video so you made me do all
that again for nothing here well that's
that guys hope you enjoyed this video if
you've enjoyed it over to leave a like
subscribe to my channel down below and
check out my brand new hoodies I just
released to my clothing store they'll be
a link in the description boys just wwwo
Gio I literally just released and be
sure to go buy one while you can guys as
always overboard you guys been awesome
and I'll see you in my next video peace
Oh
