there we go boys no well then oh oh no
guys and today we are making the most
dangerous toys of all time or at least
we're going to be trying to and they
will grab the most things you shoot of
all time will be residue
look another part of the plan you never
told me that you said we're shooting
whatever or finish the Morgan you're not
shooting nails at me so as you can see
down it we have these one in psychism
paper toilet for them upon tax tax tax
favor good morning nurse there nothing
flick their staple fateful spike Euler
Gorbals in this paper to hand the nail
we all have a bunch of different toys
that we're gonna be sending out and
making them also PG dice and try to have
a fist to get deadly so if you guys
smash 25,000 why all this video and in
my next video I will record the full
thing we're addressing our the whole
thing but for now let's get started on
the most dangerous freakin toys of all
time I always remember with these toys
they always make them super hard like
down apology for me I came prepared so
dangerous
oh boy I really showed you the guns but
I don't think you guys really care about
the guns right now I think you care
about them after we make them dangerous
like a stranger is exciting it's not as
I'm no no no when you're shooting at
your mum it's not now god damn it
although everything the first time that
you see me on your screen remember to go
down there and subscribe to the channel
oh yeah let's move on to this one which
is the curveball this one isn't even in
there literally we're in Tesco and we
just bought the guns at the time and
this is how all guns should be packaged
so like that and there you go you have
the God who bullish for this wonder if
you sinned you go good show guys without
further ado
i'ma do it sometime I do it I'll do it
good old cinema
so guys we're gonna start small we're
gonna start with the little one right
here pull it back then you shoot all
going to do is we're going to get one of
the bullet we're going to get a nail and
here what I'm going to do is going to
try to push a nail through the bullet oh
it's coming out a sign it's coming
outside put it on go on
now we do that's boy number one I'm just
a one of the tops off and the although
be able to sleep without a little bit of
white which is stolen I think it might
be blue do one good enough to do is
actually drill holes right through the
blue dog once all the holes are drilled
through got we're then gonna get to
words but for now these Reds are
actually hollowed through the middle so
we're gonna get started right now all
the freaking Reds are starting with a
big fat nail big red car is about to get
nail Tegel good for you to 100 no come
on go through baby come on football a
villa oh really
yeah sure day two Yogi's long okay guys
it's been a few days since we last
worked on this video basically what
we've done we took every single bullet
and we drill holes into them straight
through the middle so now every single
phone boy has a hole straight through
the middle so we can start inserting the
nails and all the dangerous things now
the only prototype so far is it one
bullet which has a massive nail stuck
through it is the first one with door
successfully and as you can see this
thing looks like a frickin Beast so now
what we're going to do is we're going to
start a small one with this bullet right
here and I'm thinking I'm thinking small
good we need a big danger start so what
I'm going to do I'm going to get one of
these wooden spiky sticks I'm just going
to pop it straight through the middle
and see if we can get it through the
hole oh my god oh my gosh oh my goodness
it's done look at that I'm gonna push it
even further look at that and then what
we do is we just snap it while it's in
the middle probably better ways to do
this cook it okay and you should
probably cut it with scissors let me get
you yeah oh oh now we're trying to split
it a little bit but it'll still work it
will still work
that's another bully right there for the
small board or not we carefully insert a
in there we've got those already
now I'm going to move on to this one the
big green one oh wow we're going to
start with one of these these look
colorful and I like them I've got an
idea come over up I've really an idea
mister glue I'm just going to glue it to
the end I'll be just as effective so
we've got a super glue I'm going to do
is I'm going to put a little bit on the
top of this star I'm going to get one of
these boom tax or whatever you call and
these really like pointing things I'm
going to press it on there like that now
that I'll need a little bit of time to
drive without one of the dogs dogs
actually proving to be a little bit
harder than I thought because it's
sticking to me I still don't know what
you call these I don't think the fun
part yeah I'm just going to call them
tags because why not we're going to use
these for these two bullets and I've got
some on my finger okay I think of Robin
alpha think well okay mom this is a very
very precise and I don't like it get us
one of them don't we're gonna go for the
green green lopen now oh yeah okay well
done we're gonna pull that one down
there to dry carefully oh oh oh my god
is talking it oh my god oh this is crazy
what we're doing it's all on my finger
okay so it's all okay mister what's to
stop series goes off oh no no no no no
dammit I still mean literally up muster
really annoys my fingers are literally
white like what are the things I get
myself into
well we got almost again so amazing I'll
just do it you guys my glue my finger
even more and there we go okay there we
go
third one done we'll leave them to dry
and move on to something else guys look
at my fingers literally they're covered
in glue what that is an absolute
nightmare what an absolute nightmare
okay so we store all the bullets for
this goal now what we're going to do is
move on to the rest of the red dot now
the nail went through this one so good
we're going to put another nail in both
for the I believe we just have to just
push it through or it's going through
Garrett is coming oh no oh God Petra she
said yeah
I'm complying soon with pleasure Oh
pookums okay you ready and put it on hot
fuck oh my god it's with the old cheese
okay it's with the orange Park and uh we
go by early the second one I've been
done and now we can pull oh oh I'm gonna
you know what you know oh no you're
going to superglue air and there we go
the second door is so and that was
actually a lot harder than I thought it
was going to be now we're going to move
on to the third one oh yeah this is
broke foot it's broke down it's breaking
down the walls there we go this one I've
been done there we go boys we've done
and the free bigdhaas the free big hairs
with frigging nails in them and our dog
now the three boys that belong in this
big door as well as obviously the free
big dog what would I do to these pretty
boys is we are going to use the water
because the water is really effective
and real easy remember you push in the
first one through pushing the wood to
the house oh no more stops off with
these whole references so mom you've
done your first one having your look at
that baby that's the first one done but
Mum get working on a second one get
working on the second one we have time
to mess about you know our time well we
don't have time
no laughter it's just finding the hole
can be hard to find alright give us a
background yeah look at that mom are you
proud of your creation oh yeah well mom
I've got news for you it's time to you
to get behind the camera so guys months
free right here she's done a really good
job I'm not gonna lie we're gonna
produce with obviously those ones look
at this we climb out of danger with
those bullets like this girls this going
right here is going to be an animal
let's move on to the final good guy long
gone again this wall right here with
shoes bad looks with a lot of bullets it
was I don't even know well yeah
obviously we've got a lot going for this
one
we're going to do going to get these
paper clips right here we're going to
bend them out into a straight as you can
be to forget them you know well let's do
one right now we're going to get the
bullet and we're going to literally okay
we're just going to poke it in are we
more okay first one is done as you can
see we've got the ball and then we've
just got to make spiky things poking out
the end glides up and I got another
fresh paper clip let's do this next
person do you know more there we go
that's the second one done I'm going to
do my third on hand I'm going to let you
do the next fruit under there we go guys
the firs one done if I show you my three
right here they're all looking pretty
damn deadly now I'm going to give more
than just thought why I'm going to take
the camera and go to like mom you the
next three yes good sweet your first one
done well done well done
don't move how would you think they've
gone very well then I say that's them
all done for this whiteboard lightly
loaded up this little nigga how
intimidating that one place mom no these
ones even need a little bit longer to
dry and then obviously this one looking
very but I can just flick on one of my
pets and then when you're not ready fun
mom yeah oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
stuffing in it you little that oh my god
no no no burn oh my god no no not your
face oh okay guys so now what we have to
do is settle for the shoot and obviously
within just make these guns just to see
them we're going to be shooting them are
some balloons right here we've got some
targets to shoot at so obviously now
we're going to set up the shooting range
let's do this okay so as you can see we
are sessile i shooting range we've got
string we got balloon we've got wooden
planks and we've got a large space to
stand and shooter them guys you've got
all your guns here on the table I am so
freakin inside differently okay we gonna
start small
gonna start with this little one right
here and it's missing the bullet so I
need to get the ball okay the ball is
being interred there we go the first
holiday
shameful and that middle one the middle
one okay ready yeah
three Oh masseuse alcohol is bad this
show very serious if you think they were
going to work but that's the snow lon
what this one's gonna be like likely
time to find out I'm standing bad oh I
see how this works it's like a revolver
okay guys we moved on to this one now
the green one this one has the foam type
weird colors they include on to the end
of the bullet for the middle one is a
little little pollen you know no scared
oh that is incredible if I can pull this
off more you have to do five pounds you
see the kitchen roll no no Freddy
do what oh okay now it's time to move on
to the big guns literally move on to the
big gun this is a freaking pump action
shotgun I have no clue how many bullets
it flies at a time I'm just going to
shoot it at the board and see how many
balloons we take down
I hear anyone yeah I'm about to do right
now get ready three two one I never knew
never give you some dangers oh my god I
don't mind how not this one and our mold
is scaring there's a lot one this one
this one mom is the Big Daddy
who's got nails freakin nailed so mama
gonna start with the small boys these
ones the wooden ones I'm going to tell
it bad against three bullets mom are you
ready
warm oh that wasn't a powerful to the
big boss the mega gods moments make a
minute whoa Oh cookies were actually
really heavy yeah what are you to do is
watch aim I think it is aim higher all
right oh cool
Oh three two one oh no I sent up the
most that's the biggest weapon you've
got and it's the most disappointing hold
on I'm gonna charge trip so I'm going to
put it down with you you ready three two
one Oh gonna close my eyes okay
three two one it dropped yeah what
you're about to really yeah that wasn't
good ah what do you know what this calls
for
yeah that's definitely better three two
one I'm going to go buy do the level one
I open it small isn't always works
yeah yeah you know what comes now no
caveat there's a reason there's a reason
I like this one what you're not shooting
at me I'm not sure what are you now good
you're shooting at me
and now can we go uh no no I'm gonna
take a bullet shot no I'm not
guys much alike right now I'm going to
take a shot from the world's most
dangerous person toys right now you
better go down there guys you better go
down there leave alive because I'm not
prepared for this guy's leave a life
right now I don't know if I'm ready to
take this this is a freaking sharp own a
leg this is one of the dangerous wonders
of golf in on it more I'm going to give
you the gun 200 Kelly Idol 8 color cut
it off when we spend over not somebody
say put your face oh really mellow
really hurt oh shit oh my god
generally you show me already
yogev you like you shoulders you please
you make em still blue oh yeah I wanted
to guys I did not want to do well thank
you month I get to know the audio than I
am you know exactly collateral it's
probably shooter okay cool
here we go there we go we'll get ready
to see how much houses that's all okay
so our own child again gone same boy
mommy ready sort of even par the plan
I'm done down for this okay hey ready
three two
money for you three more roses akbar
blows it makes just a bullet not
Amenhotep now it makes oh just a nervous
balloon well god I hope you enjoy this
video if you enjoyed leave a like we saw
bullying for you guys so you better go
down there
smash the lovebug give it a big punch in
the face also subscribe if you're new to
my channel we do crazy stuff like this
all the time shadek video with all your
friends and guys nothing that's what a
quickly taught you guys about is my
clothing now I've just really taught
ease to my shop this is the first time
we've ever really putting loads of you
guys already bought them but out right
now and I'll leave a link in the
description or if you want to put in
yourself it's just
www.montgomeryvillenissan.com
you have been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video peace out
