oh my god Oh I'll go easy on what I my
face is absolutely birdy denied you
mother wait you another video
English video we're going to be making a
DIY face mushroom video wrong video yeah
hello guys welcome back to another video
in today's video what we're gonna be
doing is making our very own the I wanna
chocolate face mask back yay the
contents held inside this freaking fire
let's do this we've got dairy milk
we've got Maryland he's got Oreo we got
shock Yuri
we've got boy no we got everything
unbelievable not today this is not going
in my mouth this is going around my
mouth so I went to a shop and I bought a
load of chocolate and a load of biscuits
gonna melt down the chocolate gonna
crush the biscuits we're gonna mix all
together to make a hard chocolatey
mixture of goodness and then my
beautiful mother is gonna smear it all
over my face he'll eliminate my spots
and make me beautiful you can do that
Morgan well I got a guitar with it under
the strap that's another strike a second
strike one more strike and you're out
how can we make them leave a like and I
need your help and running out of ideas
if they think you're more beautiful
leave a like
no one's gonna leave a like because I'm
really ugly know what mom you can't keep
all come I need a human that can help me
get lice you know what first joke yo so
guys leave like on the video right now
and I'll tell you what once ago in
Moscow will give up sighs and we'll let
Bruno lick it off dump ray leave a like
right now now if this is the first time
that you see me oh if it is the first
time that you see me on your screen
remember to go down there and subscribe
to my channel and also remember to go
down to the description to check out all
my other social medias Twitter
Logan I've just noticed something what's
that one open what mom come on wait why
is it open but let me give you a fourth
strike keep your mouth shut and with
that interruption out of the way let's
do it
so mom what should we do first push the
biscuits or mail the chopper I think
because obviously we're gonna want to
have the biscuits ready once we melt the
chocolate I say we push the biscuits
first yeah do you agree yeah yeah first
thing we're gonna move on to is the
Marriott I don't know if you USA in
Americans should I say en-us aliens have
these in the USA but we have them in the
UK and let me tell you they are very
nice chocolate chip cookies let's open
these up and you know what let's just
get them all in the mall the mountain
all right maybe lines have been added
now what we're going to do is move on to
the chocolate digestives that one no
more I'm running out of strikes to
physically give you here we go
oh yeah now we've got the Cadbury's
fingers literally these fingers are just
amazing that's all just they're just
amazing are you gonna crush em you're
gonna do a rolling pin the best way to
do is put it into a bag and roll the bag
oh that's a good tip anyway let's get
them all into the bowl before we get
them into the bag just for like dramatic
effect so everyone can see what's going
in let's get a regular fingers in
okay there we go now is time for my
sweet sweet babies the Oreos it's all in
art like you know what I don't even
second bite it's all good with you okay
we've got our freaking bag we've got the
bowl next step is to an alleged in the
very professional way to do it I don't
care
that was so well my forward biscuit boys
get that knot tight in there get it very
very strong and together so the bag is
now tied as secure as we can physically
get it now what we're gonna do is
carefully go now rolling tonight very
mama got to be very careful when we do
this because when it we're in a
dangerous environment there's a lot of
hazards around I want to be really
careful 2000 years later we're getting
were always we're not all involved
yeah yeah yeah you absolutely are not
only old mum oh my god all of them so
sorry oh you're so sorry
oh my god okay I put some black oh my
god
I could put some black real science
paint I almost really sorry sometimes it
just I don't know guess into me I'm
about further ado Oh a few moments later
Morgan what you doing just be just be
holy like five minutes
oh he's in the back still you know just
be it yeah yeah yeah there we go guys
ugh Lucy's I think it's now ready let's
untie this absolute monstrosity of a bag
and get back our mixture oh boy give
them a shot up look okay we're gonna get
the ball back and now what we're going
to do is carefully carefully get it oh
my god
I think we're I think we're safe
something small nurse are you mom stop
I know it's just like all close guys
just like that we have our biscuity
mixture now what we need to do is move
on to Phase two which is MLG no
chocolate
we got plastic bowl this is a pretty big
one obviously we're leaving microwave
well can do in a pan but it takes way
longer and quite frankly I've done it a
night with a lot before and is fine said
silence there's a ball we're gonna start
with the first one which is a Dairy Milk
Oreo Fogo Oh gonna break into chunks can
a poppy hope enjoy huh Oh what you just
done
did you just oh come on ball this is
supposed to be a professional
environment hence why this bisque
everywhere and the word surface is chair
ah Oh mom mom come on we know they're
having a chocolate after this we're
gonna move on to the kinder whoo you
know I'm the last Kinder Bueno is now in
okay let's get this in the microwave Oh
No
we've got the chalk line Oh Oh Danny I
sure thought about that this has been a
bigger disaster so far just like every
one of our videos that we shoot okay
here we go
microwave mom there we go it's going
okay now what we're gonna do is clean up
while it microwave because this is gonna
be a long process and the work surface
is literally covered and stop I'm
bleeding
which isn't very good - guys it's been
in for about five minutes where I've
been stirring it but I think we left it
a little bit too long so it has got
pretty hard but it's still all right we
can still stir it it looks absolutely
delicious but we decided to do guys you
put it in this bowl because there's more
chocolate this balls we made more sense
and obviously we need to use all of the
chocolate because we need it to be
really sticky as possible so guys as you
can see the mixture is now doing if I
pick this up this is very warm very
really very sticky and it just looks
absolutely beautiful give my frickin
shot of that let him appreciate it mom
and you know what it's time for
it's just always burning my finger oh
it's actually hot
oh my god it's got about a million
flavors at once tasted digestive Oreo
the freakin chocolate orange that was in
ten that was just amazing mom try some
of this
mmm it's nice in that it's really good
is really good guys it's amazing
mmm it tastes like the diet is not a
goal so now guys what I'm going to do is
get settled on the chair we're gonna get
the camera set off and then mom is gonna
get to the fun part spreading this baby
on my face mom are you ready I'm ready
let's do this if you moments later
okay guys it's time for the big time
it's gonna be hard for me to talk like
this with my neck stretched back but
mommy's here
she's just gonna get her hands in the
chocolate and get it all over me and
she's also okay thank you so much mommy
no yeah make sure it's worth fix if you
make some choices get a girlfriend get
it on me oh my god oh my good luck feels
amazing it's boiling hot it actually
feels very nice Oh
oh my god Oh what's going on your hand
is go to my face how could it be worse
for you than me aah aah aah oh my god oh
my god oh my god always felt a little
good Mona's better clever my sports
because I'm off to brothers is that guys
how do I look aah ohh aah oh it burns
oh sorry ah ah burning you I'm going oh
my face these are the sacrifices I go
for you to make yourself attractive so
yeah
Tran get girlfriend I think a bit just
fell down from the left side from the
right side of my face I can feel this
falling off me and I'm just helpless oh
that's revolting you look horrible oh
god mom hell I can't let Bruno in cannot
fly Bruno in is gonna have to go
oh shit in my I don't like at least yeah
what I I'll go easy on what I have you
know I'm able looking at your floor not
see me not baby's board everywhere too
much chocolate Barbie doll sit you
failed a challenge because we don't want
to lick your face you scared yeah burn
everything scared yeah let's keep
running away
well guys ah this was chocolate facing
us
comment down below if I look beautiful
most look beautiful when you take it off
yeah but I don't think I'll build today
so for a while I think this is gonna be
hollow look tell me in the comment
section if I'm now more beautiful my
hand looks like I've just dug down the
drains and had a bit of fun down there
it's not gonna be in the kitchen mum I'd
wanna fall let's say I very much do
apologize this wasn't the plan but yeah
guys if you enjoyed having to leave
whoever told Eva thumbs up guys thumbs
up on the video down below and also her
to subscribe because I do stupid shit
like this all the time when I switched
off the video guys as always our mugs
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in the next video
peace out oh my god mom my face is
absolutely burning
