so by now you guys should know on the
morgues Channel we strive for the most
original and revolutionary content
challenges and videos that will go down
in the history books so da today we have
another gob wobbling challenge that I
will one day show my grandchildren
mystic market to hell prove to them I am
truly the creative genius that I say I
am that's right ladies and gentlemen
today me and my mom are going to be
going to McDonald and ordering one
chicken nugget oh my goodness yes hello
guys and welcome back to another video
today your boy is gonna be going to
McDonald what am I going to be doing
moment I don't know organic cheeseburger
I'm gonna be ordering a 20 chicken
nugget box with one chicken nugger in
there you guys can say important way
look at this you guys been picking it
out so you know what there is no chance
I'm going back to fat more guy
the big night screw the chicken so like
one chicken no gays all I can half join
with the assistance of my beautiful
mother today we're gonna be taking on
this challenge that will go down in
history so you may be saying Morgan you
absolute wizard how did you come up with
such a revolutionary challenge well I'm
gonna tell you right now you didn't you
copied a mom that's the last you're one
more word that's the second strike third
strike you're out oh I don't know what
to do I feel the pressure I don't find
anymore
okay I've thought about I'm ready here
we go let's do it let's go let's go get
that chick is no good okay I should sure
actually go now yeah guys leave a like
gonna be there down below for more of
these weird challenge you subscribe you
turn on my notifications check out my
social media let's go get the
come on come on safety course tre oh boy
she pulled up oh hey mom nice but nice
invading my shop
lucky news can I have office one okay
we're going into the drive-thru now
wishes look guys hopefully they don't
like c10 cuz that won't be good would it
like dry food time baby mommy exciters
no I Betty's getting a bloody chicken
nugget as well hello hi can I have a
twenty chicken nugget box I'll have a
BBQ dip do you know on the chicken
nugget box this may sound a little bit
like strange but just bear with me
because they all solve for good cause
can I just have one nugget in the box
the other 19 don't matter just one I
know it's not good value but I don't
really but early care can we just have
one nugget please in the 20 chicken
nugget box
it's alright 139 and one lookit yeah
yeah that's perfect yeah that's fine why
it's just just like cuz why not you get
me oh come on oh she's gone
what's she doing oh come on does it
really believe my mother thought she
murmured
um come over here just like a large Diet
Coke as well with the one chicken nugget
no that's it but just make sure there's
one in there please
alright thank you guys we're moving
round to the second window this is where
you pay and then you go to the third
window which is way clayed we're
approaching it now I have a stupendous
phenomenal day we gotta find a second
window I think my arm was covering it
but yeah it's time for the collection
point let's see if they are actually
gonna give us the one nugget okay thank
you bye
guys we've got a it feels like I think
is one more thing this one also I got
the large Diet Coke baby where did you
forget the shore elitist your boys's
monopoly seized and what does that mean
it means we get those stickers on the
court if you follow my snapchat you're
no monopoly is my favorite game if you
don't follow my snapchat then your mum
doesn't love you
I'm joking guys your mum loves you but
yeah guys anyway follow my snapchat
let's do this monopoly thing right now
oh my okay we got it we got it oh my
good morning apple pie apple pie anyway
we're going home shoot a cinematic shot
to
ah
there is a is here yeah yeah is it is
here favor of the shower box we call
here we go guys we oiled or not we miss
this okay
the iconic dressing girl is back guys we
did it we went to McDonald's and we
bought it one chicken lugar one chicken
nugger we don't even need the Box
anymore
as you can see if we admire the
wonderful shape of the Nugget
it's a good one less admired texture Oh
baby hey what are you doing just
something to feel so moments been a
while since were mcdonald about to drive
bike the next thing we have to do what
the videos in there that's nice call me
challenge let's just give it a few I
don't know let's just give it a little
bit calmly we just paid like five quid
for one chicken nugger it not be ready
Morgan okay
Oh sizzling John over no you walk it all
on your own
mmm good night
oh I actually think that tastes nice
warmed up like nice a warmed up go over
oh oh we want some oh my god hmm anyway
that's tea then you don't need anything
else to you today yes or does it - your
tea for the day
well guys that was going to McDonald's
and buying a chicken nugget you
literally just sat there and watch
however many minutes of me eating a
chicken nugget I hope you're happy with
your life no because I'm happy with my
own place and gentlemen thank you so
much for watching if you enjoyed leave a
like if you want me to go and McDonald's
and all the mall with still come in the
conversation leave a like and subscribe
guys I've been more do you guys been
awesome I'm time out Celia
you
