this video is getting deleted in 48
hours why you ask
that's because today I'm gonna be
showing you some of the most cringy and
embarrassing fat more moments that
you've never seen before
I literally just don't know why I'm
doing this like this just can't end well
for me I promise you guys exactly forty
hours after this video goes live I'm
gonna completely delete it does that
mean you have 48 hours to watch this
before it's gone so share it to your
friends while you can but you know just
get rid of this guys there's a reason
why I haven't showed you these videos
because they are that bad and I'm about
to show you right now so yeah I guess
enjoy why am I doing this
yo guys soap hello again Morgan here I'm
back from the water park
that's the been a long time since I got
back actually like three hours I went in
to pour through beer and then I've got
shower and looking fine yeah I'm gonna
go out to get tea I'm not gonna vlog it
because I like time a bit in my own time
when I'm eating all that
I got my friend's bull kik-kik
get off me boom Oh
just to warn you guys for this next clip
there is a lot of swearing and when I
sell off swearing I mean a lot of
swearing like I don't even know why I
was swearing this much at this age but
yeah it's pretty funny I'm not gonna lie
fucking check boys
stupid play I'm guessing
yeah really no no I'm not do that okay
I'm doing this is fun
I'm doing it you ready ready ready baby
ready okay that's a really cool go to
the oh come on I need to stay home I'm
gonna work oh come on do this I believe
so I believe if I can do office fuck
that fuck off fucking doing it not
fucking around fucking leaving I'm in my
mum's car boom boom get out my car hello
everyone oh just a quick video saying
I'm back I'm back from holiday I thought
wow the way I've got two vlogs out there
Beaufort loaded now so check those out I
found already but this is just say
I'm back again early for more videos
probably one a day
definitely guaranteed one every two days
gaming vlogs are probably a few more
vlogs now if those two go well sorry I
haven't been able to do video miles away
sat in a bar for two hours while I was
trying to render a video and upload it
but it just won't do it so sorry about
that bump back now I've got all my
videos ready to upload and ready to make
so yeah leave your suggestions or in the
comments and peace yo guys I'm pissed
off why am i pissed off you ask well I'm
gonna tell you in this video I suppose
you guys from the UK will know school
has just started yet they actually start
today and I'm back at school
hey guys younger HDA on today we have a
new series because I don't know he's
similar to road to glory but I don't
know why so pretty much the series is
just really basic FIFA 15 playthrough
but wha found with roads of glories I
don't know if it's really my thing
because I mean I don't play fifa anyway
it was completely I don't know happened
oh oh god was that pain I don't know oh
my god both go on
cries guys a chance to make it to nil in
the sixth minute what is happening what
is happened guys the highest penalty 73
this kind of worries me
73 is our highest penalty that really
kind of worries me
have it - well yes he's put into his own
net hey guys mark now and it's the next
day I just shut down to edit this video
and I pretty much I just want to say
sorry for not filming much of last night
after the water park I went out and I
was gonna lie explain - I did so I went
out add tea in this light Italian place
and then I walked to this music bar and
we just kind of watched some band for
about 40 minutes then I started to feel
really ill start to feel sick
I got cramp and everything so I had to
walk home you know let's just say last
night wasn't very pleasant I got no
sleep so yeah that's kind of up in the
eyes I was planning to vlog I was gonna
vlog the band and that but you know I
kind of just going home and I didn't
think you guys would want to see me
vlogging when I'm like coughing and ill
and all that so hopefully you guys have
enjoyed nevertheless thank you so much
for watching 40 likes to see that video
early I know we can do it we did on the
last one
let's do it guys thank you so much for
watching and soup hello guys Morgan a
from legendary game Sadie I'm today we
have a Minecraft Xbox one series you
never know because I'm not sure how
we're gonna like me anyway whatever and
let's just get the crafting table out
I'll share real life a crafting table
drill let's make sticks and then line is
free lobby enough
no of course it fucking one you free
more and boom there we go we have a free
letters put out there put out there put
out that we are in we have made our
house and it is oh there's going yep
mobs are on and oh no oh no the leaves
are breaking shit shit a brick sandwich
okay guys so I have just got ready I am
going out to have tea and then watch
football oh these two games on man
United vs. severe and then Real Madrid
vs Valencia so I'm gonna be watching
either one of those two I don't mind
either way they're both good matches and
then I'm probably gonna eat I'll be
eating out and yeah
Cape sleep oh my god so nice
Oh
going to find a different bar now don't
know where we're going but hopefully
we'll find someone
hello guys Morgan in from Morgan
Guaranty HD and we are playing Hunger
Games so let's go pin which is my first
video with a face cam and everything
else I'm my first minecraft video so
let's see if it's good she even get some
good kills some good things I'm doing
what to star biased I think I can't get
on iron chestplate could look kill him
in are bastards oh I see someone couch
clear you bastard who says mrs. Phares
display I've got him I've got him up on
in there we go look at that chain boobs
fantastic did you have anything else a
lot of food brilliant and oh god I'm
gonna run this children crap this is bad
it's a 2 on launch it no don't kill me
no oh God is a guy crap I come here than
you bastard
you ready he's warning you in a tree
mate Cooper hardcore come on oh god no
there yes thank Jesus
oh no come on I can get him I can get I
can get yeah oh fuck oh my god am i make
it oh no
here diamond sword and I no longer know
now unborn now go wait which castle
mother
oh he's man no way they just run from me
come on don't you dare not yes yes
diamonds I need to run so much oh gosh
you see bad
ma'am now oh you got me just a quick
thing to add before I in this video I
will be getting a blue snowball
microphone think I'm gonna order it off
the eBay's there should be a in about
the next week so the audio quality will
be a week you guys know I've been on all
these sort of them are ones they gonna
inflate like that some of them you just
go down by itself oh yeah this place is
pretty cool guys it's quite small but
I'm enjoying it I like all the rides
which is good thing so yeah I'm just
gonna go get food so give you an update
so yeah we are going out the water part
we're back mom how's the water park
good yeah hello everyone Morgan here
from legendary games HD and I have a
slightly different video today but it's
an unboxing and my first ever video I
ever did was a MacBook Pro unboxing that
was about three years ago two years ago
and here we go we have an iMac unboxing
that's do I really think what I'm gonna
do is um yeah I'm gonna gently put it
down like this then gently just slide it
out I'm boom we have it yeah this is not
coming guys this is really not good then
so let me pick back up this camera and
film this to this I'm gonna wait till my
little bits of tape to slip now so I
shall be okay let's open it I'm gonna
pop it up why it was before I don't know
how good the view is book I don't think
they really needs to be one kind of this
out it's very heavy
ah this isn't going well Jesus Christ
it's just going bad okay we've got it oh
my god guys so yeah guys that's about it
if you've watched at this point then
thank you I guess but at the same time
don't know if I should really be happy
because that means you've watched all
the all the embarrassing moments but
yeah I'm gonna be deleting this video in
48 hours
as you know so if you want to humiliate
me even more than share this to all your
friends let them see it because in 48
hours it's gone and I'm being serious I
want to say that so yeah thank you for
watching till the end subscribe if
you're new leave a like and yeah guys
I'll see you later
