every equals how many people five is
finally here we've got new map we've got
new skins we've got new vehicle so much
has changed I'm in this video for every
kill I get in a game I get 100 of the
new season 5 skins from mom's credit
card but is better with the game and
then I get more good just because it's
season 5 and it's new
you're still bad you're not gonna get
any better outs it forget getting a win
Morgan I don't even think you gonna be
able to get kill my little kill no as
usual guys the pressure is high make
sure you watch all the way to the end of
this video to see if I can get my season
5 hey guys watch all the way to the end
then we can laugh together when he loses
no just before we saw the video guys see
now it's a new season I'm going to be
giving away loads of ebooks so you guys
can get your own season 5 skins all you
have to do to enter is subscribe to the
channel right now watch all the way to
the end right now so listen Oh John out
there talking to you I am so excited to
say this book today is the
these gold signature hoodies draw and
yesterday I will now and did a
photoshoot for this new merch and I
actually got a little bit emotional this
is literally where it all started a
Joliette emotion is actually the first
ever place I came and did a photo shoot
check out these pictures guys I'm
talking when you back in one year guys
we've taken a simple merch concept and
made it into a brand thousands of people
wrapping the merch and seen us this is
literally the highest merch I have ever
released
I thought combined to where it all
started there's only gonna be five
hundred of these released and then they
are gone forever you're gonna be one of
500 people to have this exclusive piece
of merge and I'm warning you guys this
merch is going to be sold out within
days maybe even hours so unless you're
quick you're gonna miss our link in the
description guys get some of this merch
while you can why don't we just sit back
and appreciate this beautiful view
top emerge Lincoln bio now let's get on
with a video okay so the first thing I
wanna take your guy is the new season 5
battle paths and all the new skins which
I'm obviously gonna do with him by the
end of this video are you doing what are
you laughing no ok so the first skin is
the Huntress and then their skin is the
drift
Scotchies streak as well Morgan might
you and then we've got the red line
which looks piped dope
next we have the own the so Snyder I
know she looks pretty I'm pretty good I
wish careless like that oh that's
terrible
uh next we've got the sledgehammer which
as you can tell me and him of the same
physique we're both mostly strong guys
then nice we've got the rock oh gosh
that's not looking in the mirror Morgan
I don't think you look like that and
then finally the legendary Ragnarok I
think there's only one word to describe
down he looks like okay mom this is a
new map we've got loads of new places
make somewhere new but I should go oh my
god definitely smarter Tao mom that's
been in the game since like the start oh
did you say someone new till two towers
that looks new again mom that guarded in
like I think it was season free oh yeah
cool Oh what about greasy Grove you know
what how about I pick why because you
didn't say anything new places where did
it go - lazy links this is one of the
new places this is actually a golf
course we do
look at this these were just other as a
result club or anything you can find I
don't think you can find golf course
goals to throw at people no oh mama I
think this is gonna be a favorite part
oh my gosh she's got a trampoline for a
room I don't think it's a trampoline
what is it
just a bouncy roof a fancy roof that's
amazing
oh there's a marriage hoppin somebody
pinched the car oh they ask you how you
are you just have to say that you're
fine when you're not really fine but you
just can't get into it because they
understand now that I've showed you with
some of the new stuff in season five we
took a look at the new skins the
challenge every i lo Morgan I can't even
be bothered to laugh anymore about you
winning this and winning that so Allah
say now is you know
lalalalalalalalalalalalala let's jump
into the game and see how many seasons
okay so we're gonna go in this new
pirate oh we've got okay
I'm not wasting any time I'm leaving no
weapons by the looks of a guy's there's
loads of new players piling into all
these new areas right now
did you see the amount of people that
would try to kill me that was about by
you were so lucky I was not so it was
skill another chest oh we got some seed
balls we got some c4 mom huh there's
someone coming just in c4 oh we didn't
Gold sniper this is just look I got a
pump and then I run round the flight and
sprayed in my back
haptics that strategy not belong now oh
no ball to the grace goodnight
here we go oh no I need to go kill that
guy here water how are you doing mom
leaning a bit it's coffee
you get yachts in the way not hold it
just I'll bite your finger off my finger
no biting fingers you're the guy still
in there just think I'll go pushing what
would you think I just sit back just run
towards then why is that
Oh still good no he's still gonna die
soon this is all low mum you do realize
how much 300 skins actually is that's a
lot of money but you know what I don't
even care about that 300 I'm that
confident I think I'm gonna win
I'm not worried Morgan I think you may
be a little bit I'm not I'm not worried
yet Oh mum generalize in the distance do
you say they say Oh what are you doing
guessing all of us
it's okay get out eventually change the
snipers upon each launch party
mom seriously if you really don't think
I'm gonna get any more kills why are you
trying to put me off I'm just not trying
to put you off I'm just trying to make
you look better mom you do realize
you're the star of the game there was a
hundred people and now there's only ten
people left in the game
I don't understand now you're doing so
well there must be really bad for
tonight players Morgan you've let me
down you guys you should stayed in the
game but you know what Morgan that's
still ten people that can be you okay
guys the storms coming in I'm gonna head
towards dusty dibert it looks like
there's been a lot of action and some
people are there right now as soon as
one of these guys died I'm going in and
I'm gonna kill the one that's left there
we go I've got this I've got this guy I
know he's weak
I know he
just like swoops in witness your typing
takes all the loo I've got a jug job I'm
chug chug you know more how do you feel
I felt confident okay I'm gonna go and
collect all this loot we've got a purple
star we've got a grenade launcher I
don't know how y'all feel confident boom
six people like them yeah that's
definitely out soon it'll be over mum
you've been saying that for the last ten
minutes I'm still in the game and I've
just found a rocket launcher it takes
one person Morgan you're so lucky at the
moment you've been really lucky Morgan
okay guys I'm gonna go get the high
ground on top of the dinner we can shot
we're getting shot nearly over
look at this building missed got nothing
on me missed got nothing on me baby come
on here we go oh my gosh RPGs now baby
there we go buys the dust only free all
the people laughs it was as simple as
that boys and girls one RPG and he fell
to his death mom Logan
yeah I'm confident mom even if I lose
that's 500 skins for me 500 new season 5
skin sermon now Bush that is our kind
even up that much oh I think it's about
a thousand pounds
what yeah look at how many people have
two people oh this it no this is wrong
something's gone wrong I just don't
understand this you're just rubbish you
can't do this ah okay is so hard home
Morgan Timonium mom in the final one is
the final one is nubert out down to comb
it and it looks still looks nice even
when you comb it this is really
fantastic oh good can I get one
what can I get one of these Morgan Marko
beautifully no fun of the screen
come on another person you can do this
mommy you know I have no clue where the
person is but I've got the high ground
on him he's already at a disadvantage
wherever he is do you think the other
person can kill me me and the other
person can do this you're the person I'm
on your side you've got people behind
you do this do this killing now now now
then do this on the person I'll give you
I'll buy you some skins if you get
Morgan I don't think you can hear you
right now
why why why because that's not how it
works wait wha is he moving
oh Jesus coming out good luck
hi come on
we've got
oh no oh no oh no no no how why I don't
understand I don't understand now this
is just happened I just don't understand
this is just not right how much is that
there's no price unlimited as much as I
want whenever I want every season five
skin the battle bars every skin that's
gonna Cologne I'm not doing it I think
in case in case you want to run away you
could think we got everything on camera
that you said right no but you've been
you've been practicing you were rubbish
before every time I've seen you
everybody knows our rubbish you are look
about mumsy cause are you with victory
royale Morgan it doesn't count if it's
beginner's look in a new game then it
doesn't count
well I say mom what we do now is we get
my skin's although a long time is that
your card
sit down oh my gosh I'm just an old
person I don't understand what I said
I'm a pensioner of a pensioner I need
that money for food well you know I need
it for the books and skins and you know
what else am I do give some V books from
your credit card away to some of chemo
Morgan I'm old
I need see now I don't remember any of
this who are you what's happening okay
you know I'm feeling quite generous how
about we just add seven pounds you know
yeah go for $7.99 Oh actually yeah maybe
maybe $19.99 no $7.99 or actually the
season 5 bypass contains a lot and you
love ebooks so babies may be $49.99
Morgan I'm old I don't have this sort of
money you see you did make the agreement
look at the end of the day I do get
tight as many as I want so I'm gonna
watch $79.99 otherwise 799 how can you
suddenly do go to 7995 we did agree one
name is vas a damn wall don't do it
Morgan Morgan Morgan Morgan why would
you do that we made an agreement
okay so guys we're gonna go ahead this
season look at all this Wow we got this
we got 64 tears 9,000
works
you haven't really done that mom looks
like we missed one we miss you no
legendary Ragnarok never final I'm guys
we're gonna burn chosen the season 5
legendary Ragnarok skin
where are you going
guys I think she's I think she's running
off controller move move oh my gosh mom
that's my controller mom oh my gosh she
just ran off with my controller before I
could buy the skin oh my gosh where she
going mom please that's my ragnerok skin
you agreed you agreed no no not the bin
no oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god well Guys looks like I'm now locked
outside I've won the game I got
unlimited skins she agreed to that and
then she stole my control before I could
buy the Ragnarok skin the level 100 skin
guys I don't know what to say subscribe
to the channel if you haven't already
and comment down below how should I get
revenge on mum should I steal a credit
card and buy the skin again should I
destroy some vinegars I don't know
coming down below and also guys one more
time the gold signatories just went on
sale and I tell you guys these are gonna
sell out super super quick so if you
haven't already got one of these don't
miss out this is the latest merch drop
I've ever done and the most exclusive
one these are amazing guys link in the
description or go to
www.mobileaustinnotary.com
peace out
