and you know there's only one way to
smoke in Iraq 3 2 1
guys welcome back you want to be crazy
to you I'm probably ever going to make
too early today I literally all my time
to go to the shop and buy me the
stoppers in this ice we literally have
one of everything chocolate is for the
local shop food we need kinder Fletcher
Martin's bar-b-que come today what we're
going to be doing is blending together
all of this to make these shots appear
and that is a word by the way digest
mashes Orleans yeah the where so it
would be the most chocolaty totally to
yourself that I got John was gonna call
it literally the last time I had this
much chocolate water place at one time
was back in the pot Bourdain guys he's
coming back I don't even have a good
look at it yet I'm gonna turn around and
literally give the name of chocolate
you'll see if dad's gonna crunchy what
Wow so what Russia of water
North in Oakland Mills ice cream
chocolate dog if we're blending it all
together today it's going to be a magnet
and also a little bit of Nutella because
you got a little little bit of salad so
you guys if you want me to do more of
these videos where we going to stomp it
and blend it together they leave a like
on this video is that how my wife is let
me get up to be 30,000 live but it got
very quick butter chocolate 30,000 last
guy I'm not going to say what is just
yep I have an absolutely crazy idea of a
bunch of salsa blend together so if you
want me to make out with where's my
thirty thousand like don't know where do
right now subscribers in you know I got
horrid got me oh my god we should join
your burger doctor just homicide down to
the sound effect Oh
stir you guys know what we gotta do is
beginning the hardest part is not the
new bollocks to the kitchen let's just
give it a mess Katya why did we started
on oh okay
oh no I saw the program did it make it
lightbox attracts moves over the power
of my deck and editing also known as
marketing we're going to make all the
chocolate as powerful in the kitchen
glue together star guys free now we are
in the kitchen and as you see all of the
stuff is laid out here let me tell us
with the ice cream which is all
literally melted with all these box
little you already feel a lot of it okay
I think you tell me how to blender
literally cheese imagine put your finger
in there no one where I'm going to take
you one by one to put some chocolate in
the blender I don't think we're gonna
have it all because always do you think
there is too much over the charm a
little bit of everything is that we're
just going to start with the capella
system holding on Hodges hello I think
is really one of the main things your
taste on fire I get a lot of significant
taste if you know what I'm saying well
yeah ooh baby is too much oh can you get
it out it is harder than that because I
remember there you go but look at that
we got massive durable the color
there you go into the weather you know
what you achieve your salmon and wall
there we go I'll cut up in the color
done we're going to be rolling out to
the kinder egg and you know there's only
one way this magic is right oh my god
more serious wounds I feel um atomic on
a good review bullet sorry 100 mana good
pull all over here
I guess okay moving on now already we're
going to go with fool around how hard
this is so long we broke off for nice
little chunks going straight in laser
slices make this quick let's go straight
into the creamer I mean I don't think
there's any way we can really like make
this any smaller so into a blender again
I guess the our milk
- yeah there we go porky I really look
for so many people I'd be hated hmm
oh my butt but i'ms you know what shut
up to the boy I'm going to put on some
points all over the fucking lab do that
particular monkey throw another one that
never got the what they deserve one team
but let's see even down a tree monkeys
deserve that so we're gonna put a lot of
English
oh okay monkeys pack again something I
got a tinder for hair I don't think
anybody Coogler like this kinder boy
dough is just just nice a bit I thought
like all these reset it's broken down a
little bit but I mean I'm going to
travel back to put it and probably broke
when I threw it all on the table well
yeah you know I'm feeling a little bit
I screamed a little bit about four quid
let's all bring it out amazing his mower
Oh probably bothered with a spoon I'm
gonna kick it in yeah oh it looks like
stop talking that then I do one shot
like that is wailing chop ice cream
added what you feeling of why feelings
are accumulated most season you get this
most original yeah why can't I find the
father
Oh Oh hot hot
wait we're checking spot wait how are
you good I'll play another rubber foot
three two one
young hot sandwich man night dissipate
oh my god as amazing ba-ba-ba-ba we're
gonna blend will a puppet you know it's
tricky mocking greatness okay I love
bellies martabak
Laden listen I'm feeling a little bit of
a breeze playful this is a job you know
if you ever try these out only find it
eventually you'll run
note to be honest but they're not you
guys but you know that I just prefer
normal corn along the line we want to go
someplace in it or man
all yell glass
okay there we go you got a little really
shout out for my American view is how
many need us and we put it I'm thinking
- you got to show you gotta show up
Teresa's I'm gonna popular than anywhere
they started reading this we're going to
photographed without a sound good
reaches all you got all the rap local
rapper it you gotta fire up it refused a
little bit just many bounty right now
we're just pause for a minute here and
talk about my dad's camera work
literally he's not filming the bounty
that I'm talking about instead he's
filming half of the freakin ceiling like
you know what well well done dad made
well done
oh we forgot about the KITT car I'm
going to literally annoy your everybody
right now controversial but I won bingo
that's for in a second single arrow I
hadn't have any German and rocking on a
war different flavor into it I mom
excited trusses look at it they look
just like it just smells like chocolate
yeah chocolate Smarties without a few of
these red bits that a little bit cooler
so no boy connect where nobody's making
open more total country me let's do it
got open I think I will talk to Bayer
Aspirin but we don't care but there we
go we just make a drink a lot more
cookie cookie I can't feel any way is
this ever like a white helper so far
think it actually yep so you know what
we're going to do that we're not going
to put it what
I'm joking because it isn't gonna
phenomenal away mmm no you guys you
ready please it's time for a tour I I
will always
Radiance world and I still do to say
they're very nice moving on now Snickers
not a lot the biggest part of your book
I understand this show with people on
there the all of us Snickers so you
don't I'm going to do I was good at
unfuckable group one aha fuck what
happening that we get they go to bars
all this to be blown but yeah because
you might need another new one I saw
this I'm going to pick two more things
guys
firstly it can be friendo secondly it's
going to be dairy milk Oreo these are
the last uses diagonal Oreo I've never
actually had actually think I've had
this like ones that are really well it's
rotted it
so we're going to put that in finally
the bread oh you gotta love a friend
everybody loves the bread in three two
one
what it's been done you know what time
it is time for the chocolate milk
Oh Elmo has a cap on it hold up it's not
quite time yet it's timing in this
proposal gossip spoken oh you're now the
time are you ready oh yes all swirling
round yes Omar look cool oh yeah all our
goal is more than give them the topic
you look so beau holdover so guys are
you ready put it without further ado the
mix chocolate is drink in the world
three two one
howlite on let's do a quick little arm
porn I'm lost for words I actually
blended let's take a look at it oh my
daughter thing is almost or it's not
what like not it's not so much peanut I
think we know this could not fella you
politely I got a strong flow yeah well
I'm going to I'll get you bunion I can't
read it I'm gonna do you can put water
so guys I can see where you all by come
over done what we're gonna do is we're
going to carefully Oh our fear is going
to last ridiculous and you should know
by now we don't do anything casually on
this channel where was this was it when
we were ice cream apologize now you
thought I would be totally achievable
now it's the most chocolate ring in
existence so guys we're going to do
we're going to plan this together right
now so I'm going to drop a hold on this
time three two one Oh a few moments
later
oh my god are you seeing this
you know I'm gonna do while editing it
I'm going to add up everything we pulled
I'm going to problem estimate of how
much calories or any right now Sabrina
four three two one of the sizes size how
many colors Marissa string roughly but
anyway guys oh well anyways guys I think
it's time that we get to glasses yeah
does not like you polish I want to diet
but it can be a dull cheat they are
double cheese day oh my god oh oh nice
pot of tasty that it's not it's a sign
of the drug hot it's hot here inside
that bag glasses that it's not my fault
every one hand you go first I'm going to
let you do need zo these is a really
good glass we come drink you come often
serving on a red explicit Donnie call me
that body because you do want chocolate
drink it is nice chocolate nice just
kids just drink oh it with my food would
you think even arrow arrow walking Arab
Madero we my serious I'm gonna come in
arrow Genaro well of all the things are
really well I mean Manero Manero
let's do fella background okay follow
tracing Manero MIT I'll get you are you
I'm good I down I didn't play more Oh
bottle over the three big bun no wait
screaming I will play the tiny Desmond
arrow or either your taste is a little
different to mine I love chocolate
I literally love everything that's on in
this drink so I'm going to be disability
wine Nutella
I just know Mattel okay breathe to one
or vaguely relational okay I'm going to
try again I get bring those next the to
or why'd it take so much I'm in Amazonia
did you pop all mullerian you muster for
one inmate oh my god oh my point home I
didn't even point the full things I'm
ridiculous let me try again okay there
we go
Manero Manero is very strong little
strong now
well does how are you feeling after this
pleasant video I'm sure you hear over
the moon I get to pay very good piece of
chocolate get to feel sick of in senior
really all and then taste it and I've
got a cut tiny hook well I'll be off
then I feel like yeah bye dad have a
good time please look thinks I'm joking
but my microscope tempus
okay okay I think I'll go with you I'm
going to get them well guys that was the
world chocolatier of a meritocracy drink
probably in the world certainly calories
so much chocolate literally just
chocolate and this video has just been
one massive chocolate bag
well yeah guys if you're watching to
this point in the video comment down
below mint arrow and obviously O'Neill's
gang or why surely n will know what you
talking about also leave a like on the
videos I be asked to remain since I've
always the like also found leave a like
subscribe is going you and also comment
down below as well and obviously common
in Manero watering you want me to do
next and obviously done be very
scientist not the next for you but yeah
guys as always I've been more even done
you guys been absolutely awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace out
