it's not cutting me Pepsi's that really
let me remove your wonderful is free
oh yeah welcome back to another video
today on join whim of the line of Pinto
Jamey Jewell's again black he bikes
again guys today we have another crazy
challenge coming right your way as you
can see we have an absolute one of these
busy so would a drink if you probably
recognize on and what if you do is
mostly look as they started to kill it
right at see doctor tat-away
Andrew a little bit of Red Bull yes
exactly that not friend there we go also
jointly who is killing up to the deal
get in here made Aryan ah basically what
we're going to use today no logic you
tell them today vehicles are going to be
blindfolded and Lee is going to go right
up on these so for example a lot Trevor
he's going to pour out as one of these
cups two cups to the two of us as Matt
breezy you're going to boil them in a
contra blindfolded we're not going to
know what is we're not going to know
walking forward we're going to give it a
few to change that and where you have to
guess what it is look at the clothes
Lucas is orange what this is so fun it
could be misleading what we've done it
as you can tell we've got like the two
bones of addresses I'm so in a 5 to 0
okay Coke Zero which is you can tell
apart drink this is going to be pretty
tricky whoever loses has to do a salt
bit of the other person's choice however
I like to think I know my service pretty
well so Jake I'm hopefully going to this
challenge
oh so without further ado
they don't know that fpg monthly let's
put him back on oh my god
thanks for lies guys just opposed know
at that time again Jake we how do you
why do we thank you for this video is
2000 right only figure sounded right now
this is how amazing do that slap out
really hard to get you bottom you can
sexually linking business under you see
me on your screen Mandy it'll be big
subscribe button and also go subscribe
to D cube good belly on down that very
good boys please apply your blindfold as
you would apply a blind forcing a little
thing by government headed to your life
I'm Tonya I'm sorry things a little Ted
seventeen doesn't know about to show you
is what they are having to drink today a
bit of that pretty good all good
open if you can get from the challenge
easy
I think that is our definition I think
that's the span to zero
Jake if you're not move your hands you
add one cup in front of you Morgan you
are the other cup in front of you and
all three and what we both wished it one
two three go let's make among some honey
on it
thanks I'm okay I want my opinion what
I'm saying wait I know what to do by the
way exactly I know laid out the - char -
I could go my gut I say go get life as
dot the diasporic right so you said is
right I want to do it yeah it's totally
still described as it arises mostly
excited evil horse Pfizer remove the
blindfold yeah to the schools off one
old and skinny this job next round
yes guys make sure you comment down
below do you think is going to win this
is what I've chosen I know that this one
should compute you let me get a little
engine - listen gather a beautiful this
one's for you must you reach them up in
your hand oh yeah Ange HW Goderich oh my
god I smell good
oh my god this is it this is it yes yes
good communicator goodbye how would you
boys tell us
okay I'm gonna be always watching when
there's one I know
hi we're ready free I never seen it but
one millennium sir blue ones where abuse
by the yellow blue monster not the
yellow one it to bloom it's the Blue
Nile and oh my gloob is so high like you
never nothing you could be right
I don't know who can yellows enduring
Avella I don't see we have yellows one
two three yeah I'd love to juice or then
we got a double boiler I did all my
college over the scene I'm disappointed
in myself
oh my god right let's work let's go for
the viewers that need to learn that is
what is going down on this farm and I
wish I could see you I'm how the job it
- oh my god I'm good
yeah minute three two one buzzer yeah
ricochets in the face watch it fuck it
means a friends or business partner zero
or something Emily Oh what you're doing
solid yes under the bridge oh my god oh
man please no the Bible the zoo didn't
go over the new int no.20 bloody vomit
taste is likely not chase the white
country the fall of you is the next
drink is this one this one right here on
the screen
under they also might miss it all right
Little Helper drink it
oh my god no what the hell so none of
you ever had these do you think you're
kidding me
I think I know what it is I think I know
but I'm going in some warmer 3 2 1
dynamics I have no idea what it says
mark Thunder exotic but I I'm I am who I
think would I prefer you as I have a
juice and a little apricot I know about
the movie bundles oh my god with you you
know get a point it's that one I don't
as you can see because of the light but
it's this one when we do what I do now
after a 3 to 1 degree animation original
moon I was original it was rigid so my
voice is cold right now it deserves
I delivered oh this is the drink of
choice for this one jeweled animal is
honest I pestered the best a great
cultural diversity now
because we level the hidden alike a
question do you realize yet those are
drink either religion daily work with
people Skype se katana you walking down
a flight you happy fine either way no
way no no way
it's all change I could change a
fabulous design person yeah you're
locked in is I nominate oh my god we got
the element is I could say come on not
much it's match point
exactly like that remove the by phone
you can southern stairways it was yes
however I like to think I know my field
is pretty well so Jake I'm totally going
to this challenge
Sheila girl and the next one here we go
viewers you which ones should be good
for people
Jesus oh my god you're legit feeds the
earth wall to come and look you both
gonna up if you would like to remove the
tripod yeah if you get out the evil
could be satisfied
take a difficult first viewing this is
what drinks we have today read what it
says and then you go read what it is and
there you go please I have a la Martha
Costello oh yeah I mean really handle it
is one two three three rebels are free
yes the perfect thing you both going to
sugar-free Red Bull yeah how do you
argue in this book
smaller cards they could you tell see is
a drink for this round right here yeah
very classic muscle move easy very easy
dish was a three two one five out there
is no fruit twist no my look really what
kind of changer polish on America's need
I need fruit wheat and I firstly I love
history
oh my god I got this green yeah
nice is just yeah see bad I love that
red sticker yesterday it's right Louise
however I like to think I know my
servers pretty well so Jake I'm totally
going to this challenge to the split six
free right now guy I don't even know if
this is possible to need to bring it
back but I'm going to eject ago wasn't
wrong and so far it ain't going well
John so I'm going to put a blindfold
back on we're going to get shooing into
the next round this corner piece of one
for the next round and I'm so so a hit
away from you no no no not yes yes
absolutely not leave all this is
business
again big reproducible to dr. Pat part
here we do
that was like on just to keep our please
donate to Morgan I share your video
should we get more views that right
there is a man beat of safe oh my god
what oh my god oh wait what what you
want to do to figure out your dial no
it's drink it and they're like feel if
you got far more three Cheers
what'd I lose I'm rich normal not doable
nobody's no aggregate every good shit
III my don't wanna know later
then I thought we had it shouldn't rely
on other graduates that we lost
blindfolds back on this me show the next
one for the viewers is before when
Ishmael Hector reale I had it with this
shit ring waiting for oh really I'm so
glad for that Midwife old falling down
okay three two one oh dear all the hoes
definitely loved invite you vlogging
traveler I've got the right middle I'm
still baby
yeah oh
employed I bored you walk literally I'm
gonna do the forfeit but justice hold up
I wanna do a drink for these two so what
we're gonna do serious right now are you
kind of keeps me I swear I can yield it
there any hot spot I'm bored
you got my orders never got to it you
always come with oh here we go you ready
I'll go I'll get you mr. Scott leaves
leaves is that we can change
I'm gonna squeal ethereal no yeah we go
get off my are you ready not be ready
yes they do
all right three two one drink laughing I
actually go no harm you're not
summertime please no violence
god that's not what I meant that's want
to tell me that it's lovely to be
beautiful yeah I believe yeah not only
it a like two together can you call car
finance to get us we can get free drinks
but I can't actually clarify the two
together is nothing normal to how they
oh my gosh
freezes together and the diseases you
get the free drink I will let me give
you and belly massage on down Jake what
do you think I don't we focus quite
thanks Mel fun yes Millie
I feel like this kokin Emily your
previous conscious right or so Michael
we want a lot more punches right ah as
late as the multi you yellow monster are
gonna take my side if it goes wrong
coloring I don't make you have to change
absolutely still curly Pepsi definitely
Betsy remove your blindfold is free yeah
let's take me with Alaska where you
rightfully honor
what bill is no I don't like that I
change the bet
I couldn't change also mean it didn't
influence me also in all years actually
it's so good at lipstick or do this is
all right they're not a time for the
part that I'm not too excited about
wanting to do we'll give these to my
phone I'm gonna let them post a tweet on
my account and I have to leave it all
for 24 hours we don't know the trillion
yeah hey guys I thought say it Jekyll
ERP forces I think I find them like a
lot a lot I think I finally this is a
war again for the business horrified
edges there we go doesn't want to get
for being terrible at naming drink so
guys guys where I'm going to end the
video remember to go down to the
description check both of these guys
channels and also subscribed in mind if
you argue and leave a like down below
and obviously change my 50,000 wide all
social media nutrition down below I know
you guys have all enjoyed the video guys
I've always I've been lured decently
even j2000 awesome and I'll see you in
my next video
