if you got bended easily don't watch
this video because this is gonna be very
very interesting to say the least
hello guys and welcome back to another
video and today we have a video that two
days ago I didn't even know who's gonna
be making this litter just came out
nowhere but this is gonna be one
funniest video so the other day I
recorded a video where I went on a
website and it told me how old I was
enjoy the video ID the genius idea to
tweet out and ask people to send me
pictures of them along with their age so
I could use some of them and see how old
the website thought some of my
subscribers were bad decision so I
tweeted that we are enjoying the video
when most people were in school so lots
of people replied to the tweet with
pictures of them and their age but a lot
of other people responded with some very
interesting things
honestly the tweet just went nuts like
some of the replies I was getting would
just straight up ridiculous and I
thought hey why not make a video and
showcase some of your replies to this
tweet because I was always in a few of
them I was in tears so this should be
hilarious
literally I didn't think any of this
were gonna happen however it might be
quite offensive because literally I only
see a few other replies but there was
people my own subscribers came freaking
roasted because obviously they sent
pictures of himself literally some of
the replies were just ripping into
people this is just gonna be a giant
frickin ghost best anyway guys they've
got what to do more of these kind of
roasting style videos where we sit down
have a bevel I have a bear food then
leave a like on this video down below if
we could shoot for 25 thousand likes on
this video that would be absolutely
amazing and just before this video
starts I want to do a little over test
since this video is all about a tweet on
Twitter what won't you do is go over to
my Twitter which is upload Hudson
they'll be linked in the description I
don't want you to literally just tweet
at me roast just listen to em in a word
roast I want to see the power of tea
mugs I will see how many of you guys
actually go ahead and do it but yeah run
further ado let's get started this
should be frickin hilarious I don't even
know what to expect so here we are my
Twitter guys
keeps going down we can find the actual
tweet and let me first of all give you a
little bit of context so here is the
tweet so here is the tweet guys if you
want to be in one of my videos then
tweet me a picture of yourself and tell
me your age I realize now it sounds a
little bit weird but i sweared out
because I needed your age to compare it
to what the actual website said on the
other video and obviously I needed a
picture of you to use but yeah we're
gonna do some of the replies right now
starting with the top reply which I'm
gonna have to send so because of obvious
reasons 51 likes 23 retweets it's a
picture of someone's ass it's a staff
one look at that it's just just not no
no here we have a nice supplies from
Brian who responded 9 in a picture those
little kids honestly government up to
date with social media and you don't
know about these kids
number one what on earth are you doing
number two I don't even know what the
number two is but literally I feel so
bad for these little kids from this
under 18 disco because everybody is just
completely ripping into them it's
hilarious so we didn't get a few serious
replies obviously people actually twee
in themselves which you know is very
North here ever nice tweet from someone
who twee at 14 and then this lovely
selfie of theirs here we have a nice
tweet from shows us who say is 13 years
old yeah don't say about that moving
hard 74 years old good to know that my
subscribers you know all talk this to it
seriously
I'm 512 but it says a on my password
another picture of these freaking kids
just honestly they
this main kid here I don't honestly this
guy I just feel bad for him because he
must be having a tough freaking week oh
no oh no that is literally a I'm gonna
put my hand that is literally a
transsexual I'm just gonna just scroll
for that getting again thanks guys for
taking this seriously
I like people of all ages it's a picture
of Michael Jackson oh my gosh this is
just this just isn't going well I'm 12
turning 16 in a few months and I'm 6
foot 2 centimeter tall and it's a
picture of me just turned 11
what about you and it's a classic
picture of fat mugs looking depressed
again just don't even know what to say I
just don't just don't know what to say
literally I'm just out of frickin words
I'm pretty nearly 6 and it's a picture
of a stickman why don't fucking lie like
always right
oh my god cuz that just does make
perfect sense turned 48 is a picture of
me
it's like Alan Thicke tag on the FET oh
no oh my god I am sorry for everybody
watching this turned 9 last week and
it's a picture of Hitler oh my god I am
very sorry guys they said oh my god guys
I'm sorry I don't know ever know what to
say 15 years old no Dwayne Iran Johnson
tweeted me whoa oh oh the rock tweeted
me riffing realize ah comedy kill me
yeah oh no this is terrible I feel so
bad for everybody literally I'm sorry to
everybody he was affected so what am i
subscribe was tweet a picture of him
and then the top reply is delete this
with 63 likes
oh my Ben Fisher I'm sorry mate I really
am oh god so glad to hear the picture of
him and then twelve and then to reply
hahahaha
and got literally the same while likes
as the guys post all mine oh my own
subscribers getting roasted like this
this isn't good 47 and I hate foreigners
who stole I remember this guy Stephen
Dawson man he was a legend Oh No
literally what is this video I have
completely lost it I don't even know
what this video is anymore I really
don't it's not like genomics interested
in who that actually is without the
Photoshop I you actually is that I am
very very sorry to everybody who has
been offended by this video someone
tweeted a picture of Madeleine McCann
age five I think we need to wrap up this
video soon twitter is just Jimmy Savile
163 retweets I swear my actual tweet got
less than that my tweet 122 know that
guy you replied for a picture of Jimmy
Savile got more freaking retweets than
me what oh man I hate where sometimes I
really really do hey I'm getting a video
of it so so I'm some happy I guess reply
with a picture himself for 19 and the
top reply is 19 what 19 stone bro
Twitter is freaking savage man this is
ridiculous
oh man I'm so sorry everybody got
roasted I really am okay
why am I getting tweeted naked pictures
of men like I'm actually done well if
you don't follow my Twitter then go
ahead and follow it because as you can
see you get some absolutely hilarious
things on there
great quality posts I think as the
author of is about sweet you just get a
glimpse of the Twitter community and how
truly wonderful it is go follow my
twisted up in link in the description or
at mug shots and you can just go fricken
type it in and do whatever you want
honestly guys I'm not feeling too
enthusiastic after that I've just had to
witness Jimmy Savile Hitler
transvestites you I dunno you buddy call
on these days Stephen Dawson naked old
man yeah I'm done if you've enjoyed
remember to leave a like if you're more
of these kind of I want to say funny but
then it's been kind of like I don't even
know if you're on more videos like this
basically leave a like and if you
enjoyed remember to leave a like and
subscribe if you're new that I mean a
lot to me but yeah guys hope you enjoyed
but as always I've been mold you guys
been awesome and I'll see you hopefully
in my next video peace out if you
enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to mug this channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis thanks for watching peace out
