am i welcome back to another big money
yes that's right I didn't record the
entire interview with no sound feel free
to call me an idiot in the comment
section three two one
hello guys and welcome back to another
video and there's a lot of people just
looking at me weird but I don't care
today we are in London under very busy
I'm very loud I'm there with those guys
I am there with this time
no wait we'll get food or out of there
with this guy Oh friend qua past 9 right
now and we're really really hungry so we
just left the hotel room to try and find
somewhere to eat
I must have you feed it and hear me to
fight what's got work good very low in
caffeine near over mugs and Jim's an
acute age of food Minjae cannot get any
food because what happened with Malcolm
cybertek remember yes because three guys
just our breakfast bacon sandwich and a
juice the juice is literally horrible
bacon sandwich is very good though back
in the hotel right now we're going to
get bikes and then we're heading back to
James we've got three hour car journey
right to Jake I'm going to try my
absolute best to sleep but I usually try
and just fail so I'll give it my best
shot
no way me only me you know guys were in
the car part does the biggest echo so
this is a good chance for self-promotion
subscribe to more yours eyes are
matching remember to leave a like your
mama smells like cuter why am I so
entertained by this it's an echo guess
who's back back again with an entire
clip recorded with no audio so why not
try a voiceover the entire thing given
you an accurate representation of what I
was saying though I've arrived at Jake's
house as you can see we've got Jake's
very nice bed to do with them 100k plus
in the background because he is it
wasn't you say on two channels and I
don't want to say ma'am cyclists look
into the lens and stared out it I don't
know I was saying man oh I I'm going to
do a close-up on Jake bass and he's
gonna save themselves
please gonna do the clothes bun Lee yeah
basically guys I'm good I'm going to be
real
you know what I was doing but when drive
to Jake's that drift I'm gonna put him
on the spotlight and asked him for a
like target and he literally said
nothing that's why I wasn't gonna go
quit and leave chipped in and said 1.5
like so yeah guys you were there for
smash 1.5 likes on this video that's all
he was saying anyway we'll get back to
the vault now because leave are not the
rest of it was actually recorded with
the microphone oh my god take it take it
take later takes a day you say you do
see you all the way ah it's ba ba ba
nicely hurt not ah natural light don't
even just like taste I like genuinely
overthrown always check all mines really
blue patiently 1 2 3 4 5 8 9 10 1 2 3 4
5 6 8 9 10 1 2 3 4 5 6 8 9 10 1 2 3 4 5
6 % boy is doing his rope haha 1 2 3 4
500 some weed and my phone is literally
boiling it was doing the thing where
we're saying temperature need to cool
down and won't even let me use it
there's only one option we have to put
it in the famous fridge of Mitchell
hopefully noni set my life yo gohan
let's do it
all these subscribers later you know if
you kill me if this is my last moments
of life
I love every why I am NOT gonna leave it
if this is my last time alive
why was your way and he's driving Green
Line and I'm praying that we don't die
we talked up on this roof of the car
park we're gonna go get a steak I think
you know from earlier in the vlog but ya
been good you just kind of chillin up
there it's good for photos look at this
pretty big yeah I'm going to go get
steak - bleep has just pulled up in his
motorized vehicle size too big yeah a
wild Morgan hello Morgan
hi yo you know it is for fall no
somersault
hey website Jake Mitchell hey sweet guys
next morning right now
last night was fun we chill Phil over
for 35 right now Lee Jay what have we
been doing absolutely meaning nothing
nothing we've literally done nothing
literally nothing yeah
because obviously we went to bed really
late last night we woke up obviously
quite I don't know the word we woke up
quite late this morning
might even woke up in the afternoon but
yeah we're gonna have a lot of energy
later on so later on we're going to go
out and do some stuff maybe even film a
video but yeah literally so far it's
been a pointless day cuz I just I'm
really taste the rainbow we write only
what we do already know the answer we'll
go to cinema we're going to the cinema
we're going to see the little circle
going numbers and Ireland Nando's then
we're going to cinema what film oi see I
don't always Colin will be something I
forgot that's why I asked the airplane
this is you launch and show them your
work the bed Glen can you come in users
Patricia the polar so might be a bit
mucky but that's what happens when Josh
to have it's a big sea that Lee I don't
think every first ever you got numbers
on you sir and then nobody don't say Lee
says l3 please it's that much Malfoy
it doesn't say Ling
male Freiberg me like this but then if
you come this way what's with someone we
going out this one's Jack's joke the
icer says Jackie so you're trying to
take it you actually wanna lift us in
our juices yeah I shouldn't be saying
this you haven't got a car crazy here we
will get off now Oh oh my god I could
just got on the vlog I went like that to
go get the handle but there's no handle
my life is now in the hands of Lee I do
apologize if we die I see it in the
distance but keeps a nice because for
Nando's was passing all my favorite
places wagamama we've never been tried
those I've been there before it's like
pasta and all that stuff and then you've
got Lee just kind of here just me being
beautiful you know how it is that's how
it goes down guys for this video we need
to hit 2.5 why 2.5 i 1.5
definitely but I've changed my mind it's
2.5 now 2.5 you just nearly keep your
microphone in your Kirk this is I have
another drink all day and this is just
literally amazing never enjoyed a diet
coke more in the life so when I got my
second diet coke and literally almost
finished it like I'm just to first day
at the duck spinning for want to drink
number three literally gamma value for
money here
our food song guys we may wake up such
as my chicken but nice probably the most
foreign and we vary one foot for Strings
by the way guys why I'm doing five two
down believe in when I guys dream number
five we got it down to the last bit
one two on camera please
now I really need the toilet - lead to
finish this food how is that boys racket
it what fits in there once wesley guava
done with Lee I've ate it since when did
League I know it's not you pay on this
when is it
when is leave it though ahead
but we've just watched the film guys who
just finished watching the film it was
good it was quite depressing it looks
too good film yeah yeah I have had to
tangle eyes was a large popcorn good
scene under 45 in Nando's you big
chicken like literally I feel like I
need to deposit something let's just say
that anyway we're back we're going back
home to Jake's now and that's day 2
almost done please say something to the
vlog yo I don't care yeah well I'm going
to come in really I'll move up the
vinegar even though you like a treat in
just get inland so guys what we're going
to go to bed right now yeah okay
night number two done yeah thought out
Scott out peace until tomorrow out day
for you guys is extremely bright right
now so I'm going to go undercover
there we go basically right now we're
off but we're going to get some food I'm
trying to talk these guys in to go into
wider mamas they've never been which
personally annoys me but I think we're
going to go there and then we're going
to stop off at the shop get a few
supplies for videos all good but right
now we're going out and it is probably
the sunniest day a dress oh oh wait a
minute now shut up Lee I hate you so
much
back away let's go oh my god oh my god
okay I haven't got a single match so far
and I've got two hours Bruce guys I've
got I've got good news it's a it's a
loser if you haven't already watched it
after you've watched this video go watch
it it's going to be incredible a
thousand dollars million dollars on
scratch corner now bro anyway now we're
off to wagamama I persuaded them enough
but
but just right so I've ordered my main
usual chicken callow in these two other
what did you read this will give images
of fun no sir these two have never been
so they don't have a clue what the
rollers Jake where's your food my way oh
okay we are hearing funnels and what our
light lens hey guys we're in front I was
looking because mortgage is China's and
stuff I'm going to take you around and
have a walk on this show because it's
huge but he's trying to occur we're
going to be really fast an island yeah
this is this is what you do when you
know when yup you were pure football
people right still Island you would go
your standard sign of football funds
he's gone logs as well anytime at it
touchdown a damag when he goes what
right I've just bought some stuff drama
from flannels I never even heard of that
shop until the show me was good
I'll show you what I got when we get
home but basically now you're going home
some of those heading in Morrison to
Jake Mitchell his dog is a bitch'll of
DQ what we're looking for down orders
solder
so it's actually really tight tight
right in our mic I almost just killed
the viewers so we just arrived back and
we've laid out all the scratch cards and
oh my god literally there's just loads
we've already done pretty more we
couldn't resist and we got absolutely
nothing so it ain't going well so far
guys about four hours later was
literally just filmed two videos we
filmed the freakin scratch car video we
filmed a video for Jake's Channel right
now the dominoes are just through our
take a look at this what we're saying
James what we say look at up with the
super teaspoons day 4 day 4 day 4 day 4
day 4 day 4 day 4 day 4 guys we've just
woke up Lee and Jacob said I'm coming to
get some food which I'm pretty freaking
hungry what were y'all going the Jake
Mitchell fridge and I'm taking the
yogurt small corner strawberry anyway
yeah last night was good I spilt my
Domino's Pizza literally I dropped on
the floor so what I had to do was like
have half of it which is a bit of a pain
but yeah we've won straight to bed after
that is it weird to have diet coke is
like a like a breakfast drink to be
honest I don't care if it's weird
because like I am we I don't know so I'm
just going to do it you do want no
there's my yeah I'm just going to get my
own stuff
okay okay looking after a breakfast
looks real nice guys your enemies would
drive Diet Coke because of breakfast
during our knock out of milk
what that's a challenge that's what diet
coke and milk cook a milk challenge on
Noel actually that sounds weird at all
so I've left my hair down today got this
new white thing on that boy yesterday
new white hoodie and a bomber jacket
basically often numbers right now it's a
bit rainy which isn't the best but you
know you got to may do the one who's
been alright so far so yeah I'm gonna go
to the car now I think this is Paul's
time leaders hopefully it's sports I'm
lucky and we don't crash please upset
huh no no boys ey using curly wurly
we're now here at freaking 9 for
maniacally out there yeah oh my god I'm
okay
look at this look at this look at this
JJJ I got can look like a the wind blew
into kit all over there we go no go
anyway yeah we're approaching then and
Wars getting some free food
very good love it love written on those
the payments say that no they're not
actually well yeah often Anders right
now let's do it so this is arrived this
is wing roulette summer hot summer
medium some of them not hot and we is
going first we may go ahead
you lot of time do it exactly that I
cannot see stuff like seeming home oh my
god guys my turn I'm going to go for
this one right here I think I tried that
probably so probably hot but am i right
then we've left Nando's that was really
nice free food as always we can't say no
to free food but yeah now what we doing
bothered you I'm game for 3d exploit
we're getting video supplies right now
we're heading off to Starbucks season
sober and then I'm going to say not
saying visit Morrison's or Sainsbury's
Martian I'm Morrison's for video ideas
supply video blah blah blah well yeah we
get on Morrison's going to get some
video supplies gonna get some supplies
from Starbucks all good
oh it's so cold hey Ritchie so long
where they ever looking so it's pretty
cold to refer Laurie Morgan's naughty
boy and call that South LA Morgan's like
so totally went oh I'll go you
he's like buddy ten-four coke coke zero
not with customer that's it as much
courage not forever
I'm the perfect normal contract should
rephrase London
cry-cry de Guerra that's not by their
rider I am blue sugar blues all Oh clean
I leave ah covenant I'm going I'm going
right now that he's leaving the hi I'm
saying one more day I'm during the day
tomorrow but Lee is going right now in
his wet 3 hour drive ahead of him
come on here with no shoes on just to
say goodbye to leave and I'm struggling
here I'm trying to keep up and say
goodbye Lee I hope you've realized the
sacrifice I'm making to say bye to my
feet are hurting but Jake like it oh my
god yeah alright yeah yeah yeah yeah
if you crushes now Jake much nut I'm out
Robert why didn't he gone yet oh oh holy
young friend oh wait
Oh looks like this guy is a little bit
sleepy
good morning one of us needs to edit
because one of us did - last night one
in Berlin well are you very much having
made under filming he's been a blast
well I did it
you Dobbs okay thank you for that's a
good send-off
and I screamed you down anyway bro cause
we get in - he went the high five bro
there we go Isuzu make you laugh
