hello guys I'm today we're going to be
filming be crazy this video you will
probably ever see are you sure about
that
so as you can see the table is
absolutely bombarded we have a scratch
card we've got ten pound ones we've got
five pound ones listen to that one pound
one literally I think is about like 400
individual scratch card on this poor
table
I've always wondered if it's actually
worth buying scratch cards and if
they're actually good value for money so
today we spent $1,000 on a flat con
we're going to be finding out what
happens a little bit of an experiment
for you guys now obviously because I am
50 and I to get someone over 60 in a
chair we have a boom 70 drawer Jake
Mitchell here at your service my friends
at the push 17 so guys I need your help
I wanna show Jake I want to prove to
Jake the teen wall is stronger than the
true true but the one want you guys to
do is don't have the Jake channel and if
we can get in more subscribers than he
can get me in 24 hours then we win we
also filmed a video on this channel so
you won't want to miss that
either so go check out legs leg up like
in here he changed me to say to help
memories so there's a lot of scratch
shots on this table $1,000 work to be
exact and you know there's only two of
us but guys about to change because
believe it or not we have no friends I
made some friend about a friggin right
now you're proud of me we're going to
bring in the friends who the power of
magic and a little bit of anything it's
magic singing you guys are you ready
three two one
you just are yeah I doubt it so to make
this a little bit easier for you guys
I'm going to organize the cargo from
cheapest more expensive so through the
power of magic thing I want to get guys
you who are into one and go there we go
1 power 1 by 1 by 2 5 5 5 5 10 10 lower
guys the cinema we're going to get
started in a matter of moment we're just
before that guy how many likes should i
smash or should they smash on this video
maybe hey boy that was amazing oh my god
I didn't expect that to work so well so
yeah guys 50,000 likes on this video go
down there don't leave a big thumbs up
because I need my frickin light and if
you want to give us good luck only
scratchcards I need you to leave a like
because that will give a good look don't
up how it just will and also if this is
the first time that you've seen my face
on your screen remember to hit the big
red subscribe button all these guys
links will be in the description below
but yeah I'm not going to wait any more
of your time
let's get this started right now I just
want to say it's gonna take so long
because the only things are scratch I
here we go guy
jake has already got started because of
those words no way what you need to find
out is I played ball hey why don't love
you like all right then we're going
outside right now
I'm gonna just crack into a ten pound
one I don't know about yelling pal let's
do this find out I don't even care
oh my god what it's ready for you what
visually wanted took balls got a double
up double the prize will 5/7 win 10
pounds 10 pounds
Oh
we want the prices I know we have the
first winner Lee's card as you can see
he's got in front of seven on Game one
which is fine to seven to win dis card
is valued at five pound and we've gone
from 110 pound Lee yeah going on
basically a table where this tile is
right there guys I'm gonna call the
winners and the losers get it off the
table just throw the losers off the
table I've just finished my first crush
or no winner we're moving on to the next
one let's do it I've won another ten
pounds
we got another one one minute it's
eating one pound
I'm on another pound
what once you found them now that way
I've just went three pounds where the
winning numbers fight by sighs sighs I
just want enough weight to the 10 pound
on the temples got class don't worry
very simple on the issue is very fond of
such much especially hard way this
embalming symbol sucks the hell boys
just want to quit what the hell's going
on little bit 10-pound I quit my life
well my wife trying to build this temple
ha ha ha pound on it a fun battle
already I won I would one two three four
five or the tape or scotch are so guys
this is lead car this was a 10 pound
struck on agency game on its buying up
thing thing to do win prize and I can
see there we got ten pound game - if
yours weighs more than dad you win prize
obviously 29 in more than 126 oh that's
another ten pound game free awesome ones
with stock compound powers psychic I'm
stuck so guys 50 freakin pounds Lee
oh my role my role I still haven't got
my first winner I'm moving on to a
five-time one boys I'm gonna get a
little bit lower and I still about what
any year yeah oh yeah well I willing but
here's ones above yeah Michael hunt I
can't win I would won yet
why come on board what do you do we got
$1,000 - do this do this one we may be
losing money though I can sing it out
yeah I'm just one full quit oh well done
jail it was nothing I'll come on oh my
god
Oh Oh woo down to bar makes your bones
to bones as well bit one phone card few
pounds there we go no orange won't have
been worn
so if I buy one it would again high
shine load but you know life like I say
hold your horses everyone get frickin
orange one don't like to country life
win an orange we're winning an orange
right now I just I'm fine quick forgot
yes oh you gotta say okay we got orange
win it was only 5.0 these orange ones
are five pounds go diesel Ripple
don't get the orange one O'Quinn I was
joke win win for giant doc you know one
what so now I wouldn't win
oh well gosh so as you can tell we all
have a black card e to the 5 now or we
haven't done many of these black 5
pounds these are the monopoly one I
personally love monopoly just going to
point that out yeah
anyway right now we're all going to do a
black one just like we all did an orange
one earlier Linley how many winners we
get let's do it let's go boys we won
$5,000
oh we don't look so solemn really yes
suppose I did with my should we just
finish with the black card only one
winner it was Lee who seems to be
getting really really well she's still
hot with that one supplier and blanket
and bullshit that we're about a third of
the way through as you tell disease will
fit everywhere on the table but we can
with keeping going we're getting through
this 20 quid 20 quid really don't know a
little bit like a long fuck that
oh hey be good oh one five pounds on a
five phone calls
yes I want pounds on a blue just going
to keep sweet on this guy 20 quid whoa
find 22 in 20 quid and I owe me 20 quid
dad I can't you're talking boys it's
normal lost the mall because I'm not
gonna retire on this guy that's a about
halfway through right now and it's going
pretty well to buy mean obviously we
haven't added up how much we got yet but
what won't even go down liebe like drums
or some good look we have all we need
sign up and then drop it - come on again
- bow woo I'm 23 I already cleared
bipartite on the driver side
- fibers on them nothing can pound on
the monopoly compose hey boys through
plough little war phone another owl for
all hey clouds oh oh boys all five time
on a five part monopoly one all boys
frankly we require a long five pounds we
put a five-pound slice like buggies like
slide so we're down to the last eight
cause a relapse Oh big one for us these
are all 10,000 cards we've all got a
ping
we've all got a black we've all got 20
pounds of hand right now
and what we're going to do is we're
going to figure out you get the best
return from our - car starting Swiffer
the Bingbing was awaiting mini
experiment in the biggest bonus oh oh
quit I wanna quit here so available I
want to let me quit your little balling
in the money so James how much money did
you get back from your 10 pound pink one
all right i won you will nothing I want
nothing you know you boys got 20 pound
it's about time I won something I wanna
know right now now we're moving on to
the black line corn last I was remodeled
so lovely boys we get little me ten
thousand said the world Oh Jake was
rapidly barking trouble is hey I just
got my money I got some pound it is the
Aladdin's the game right here every with
your fingers out blackly oh my god no so
this is the last game ahead of the last
card okay ready silence silence let's
see what we could win a nice was it
funny run five grand
did you get with it pouring no just
under Rutland she fine was gone
and there we go the table is literally
covered in all these little bits from
the scratch towards my lap is covered in
it
everything is just covered in it right
now here we have the winners and what
we're going to do right now is adult how
much they love oil and see how much
we've worn all along so we've separated
them all into pile all is well for my
first observation one thing we're
Kennedy's only water I realized those to
start with these are the big ones the
big 200 USD village ones and we won one
however four of these ones one deed were
the other 10 power ones and we got four
of these is a five-star this at 10:00
p.m. it is now midnight all of these
orange ones we got winners from one
green only one gree and we have like 25
of these I think
three of these blue ones we got winners
from we didn't have many of these little
black ones but we only got two we got
eight Purple's any purple it is how many
Rubik's Cube winners we other knows the
movies 11 winners from the little
Rubik's Cube ones and know what we're
going to do is I know how much money
we've made the big reveal
let's do it so guys we've just added up
everything and are you ready for the big
reveal from around 700 pounds or $1,000
we received 220 220 pounds I think you
better walk thought ladies that not fun
doing it I'm illiterate like unfallen
shocked like I expected this to be worth
at least someone's gonna win us out but
or at least a hundred per my I'm like
I'm so sure we cantle they are going
through it I got only going to area my
video to you but don't bite don't bite
psychology I'm with breeze are freaking
useless don't buy them they're not worth
it the value isn't there don't my
question we bought them so you wouldn't
have to what I'm awesome I'm gonna go
clean back what I've lost
right Thursday's where we are gonna end
the video guys if you've enjoyed
remember to leave a like you something
really really like fun to do except for
like doing I which is also still either
good time either by you guys will find
out of time we've been fired for about
two hours guys so it's not doesn't
deserve a like then what does guys
remember to go and subscribe to Jake's
channel and see our early subscribers we
can gain some more loot subscribers okay
I reckon if I say don't subscribe to
leave then I'm probably getting more
subscribers please do not subscribe I
are rubbish to remember to go and check
out all my social media in the
description below but eyes by you guys I
really hope you've enjoyed this and as
always I've been Maltese believe me jgb
and we'll see you in the next video porn
oh I can't reach the comer
