I'm going to finally reveal the truth
guys I should have told you this a long
time ago I'm sorry for keeping the
secret for so long
morgs how old are you seems to be the
most asked question on my channel I've
had people say I look 12 but people say
I look 10 even saw someone say I look 18
I don't really understand that one
though
anyway after hours and hours of
extensive research aka just sat by
myself watching Netflix I have found a
website which will tell me how old I
look and answer the big question oh yeah
guys today we're going to be finding out
how old I look and also join some other
people like my mom my dad your mama not
your mom I'm sorry my bad but yeah guys
today we're gonna be having a bit of fun
with this website I'm videoing how old
are you in all caps how old is he how
old are you the truth will be revealed
what if I told you that my entire life
I've been lying about my age and this
website right here holds the truth my
entire life has been a lie this website
also tells you if you look like a male
or a female so can't wait for that but
guys just before we start I want to tell
you about something I've been planning a
video for a little while I've been
planning on doing an entire full video
dedicated to seeing how many times I can
prank my mom literally a full video of
me pranking my mom now I'm not sure if
you guys want to see that video so if
you want to see that video if you want
me to make that video prank in mumble
then leave a like down below on this
video
casually begging for like shut up well
yeah leave a like you want to see that
video let's aim for thirty thousand
likes on this video also subscribe if
you're new but yeah boy you just like
the video and leave a comment I'm gonna
stop wasting your time I might actually
get started okay here we go we're on the
website we're gonna click use your own
photo and yeah let's do this we're gonna
use a few different foods and me let's
start with this photo right here this
one I believe I was about 12 at the time
so you know let's let's see what it
let's see what it says
a 30 year old woman are you sure about
that I can understand the woman part but
they're two years old I was 12
watch okay let's go with this one now at
this time I think I was 12 again let's
see what it says for this one oh okay
that's a little bit better 15 year-old
woman still I'm not too happy about that
because natural face hasn't really
changed much just they're not bad I
guess it's there I go fairly accurate
fairly accurate
okay let's actually go with a core and a
photo let's go with a picture that I
took like last week let's see what it's
saying okay here we go this is a pretty
good fellow watch 22 okay man which is
good I like that one racking 22 years
old guys do I look 22 no no no no no no
no no no no no no no but look 22
I'm pretty big and happy about that this
on here this one is so freakin old look
at this feature is this is original
26 26 woman again which isn't great what
26 year old woman this is a pretty good
picture this is called the 19 year old
woman okay I've got some embarrassing
pictures of me on my freakin computer
man what the hell I should have told you
this a long time ago I'm gonna finally
reveal the truth guys I'm sorry for
keeping this a secret for so long I am
actually a 13 year old girl yes I was
born a female I do not have a penis I do
not have a peep I don't have a penis I
can't do this 13 year old girl okay this
is a picture from a while you make
interesting I should literally take a
photo of me right now and see what it
says like right now it's not bad pitch
to be honest my helps a bit like wonky
though here it comes
19 yoga girl come on
19 which is good but Gayle have a lot of
pictures of my mom on this computer let
me see if I do I want to sell out my mum
what it sounds like 70 or something
that'll be so funny I actually really
hope it stays like 70 actually I kind of
down because I met my mum really sighs
oh my god people in the background if
you wanna be a few moments later tweet
me a picture of yourself a few moments
later and tell me your age
so just confuse everyone and put like
like a winky face and make it sound so
weird
I actually am also more tchodson on
Twitter at Martinson always link down
there in the description of your again
follow me in the meantime let's do a few
more on farm one I found a picture of my
mom here we go one what what we're
saying
Oh 36 Yolo and shit gonna be freaking
happy about that there we go let's try
this from now right here my mum's in
this and say oh my oh my god I
apparently look older than my mom animal
both girls my dad is a 46 year old man
and I am a 32 year old woman mom Obama's
mom c'mere double chicken soup
oh boy chicken Tinga salad so basically
this is a side which tells you how old
you look Oh God so I'm gonna do one of
you right
um yeah okay so this is the photo I'm
using oh are you ready
so the number is how old you are 86 no
36 Oh God
all right girl people please a lot of
steps a lot lot lot lot let's see what
this thing was I got 11 at the time 7
your video
how old was I mean like turn everyone is
just tweeting me pictures of those
frickin kids oh how old is this guy then
19 year old woman I don't think he's an
idea woman yeah like I was 13 and he
said he was a 19 year old woman oh Jesus
sorry yeah showing my heart so tom this
guy is 60 in 26 at least they got the
gender correct all right so this dude
right here is 14 all right for the last
one I'm gonna go ahead and see what it
says to this image right here the one
with me who loads a frickin makeup on
I'm actually interested let's see what
happens
okay okay I am I'm done
snoby hey guys I really hope you enjoyed
that video if you enjoyed remember to
leave a like down below that would
honestly help me out so much if you're
watching to this point a light would
mean the absolute world and also
remember to subscribe if this is the
first video you've watched me cuz I got
loads more content like this coming your
way very soon guys hope you'll enjoy the
video and I really really hope you have
a good day remember to check out my
other social media my Twitter snapchat
and Instagram all the details you need
is down in the description just below
the video remember to turn on my
notifications by clicking the little
bell so you can get to my videos early
and you'll also see every one you'll get
a notification to your phone but that's
why it guys I really enjoyed and as
always I've been morgg's you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out if you enjoyed this
video then remember to subscribe to mug
this channel and don't forget to leave a
like did you have a big penis
thanks for watching this shall happen
