oh I was very overexposed there let's
try that again
hello guys so welcome back to another
video and today we have a funny moments
montage actually the funny part of this
video is pretty debatable but yeah what
I asked you today is a montage of some
of my funniest moments from like the
past four months now my channel has been
growing a lot recently and I thought
it'd be a good idea to put together a
montage of some of the best moments that
you may have missed and also because I'm
out of ideas but we don't need to talk
about that well yet guys if you could
leave a like on this video that I'd be
absolutely amazing let's see if we can
hit 15,000 lives on this video and also
remember to subscribe if you're new but
I'm not gonna waste your time any longer
so let's cut to the montage so mom and I
adopted
so slow today only
some seriously I know you like to have a
play about over down again am i adopted
please I need an answer my toes yeah I'm
an alien
that doesn't sound correct to me I don't
think I don't think aliens even exist
mom I'm gonna give you one last chance
to give me the truth am i adopted
I have no words this is the most
over-the-top reaction ever like I know
it was a legend but me and my friend
were literally oh god just get ready
just literally get ready my best player
ever in a 7.5 kpop Jesus that my quality
my ear more honestly my stomach is just
murdered I don't know how I'm supposed
to do I think I need to go with you
I can smell now he's absolutely horrible
Jesus Christ it's absolutely vile
constantly go back in spray again
whenever this something really smelling
God this one is so cringy oh my god just
been in a fight
whoa haha oh nothing I'm not actually
gonna quit this is too bad oh my god I
didn't yo I was the biggest VJ oh my god
I did old dog ages ago called Sandi and
she died I'm over it now but it's I do
still remember and that I weren't that
young I posted to Facebook my dog died
two days ago I'm sad I got zero likes
and then I posted again my dog had to be
put down
oh my eye or zero likes again this is
horrible I can't do this oh my god ah my
dog come on not one like but fucking dog
died challenges but on to the last video
now hold on
well it was what's that
Oh God who's just thought okay oh this
is just to know oh my god Oh Oh God
YZF skin polite when the video hasn't
even started what the what's this is
this YouTube you guys are not gonna let
this go my subscribers this is to go
this is to go in the kitchen under I
think I know you're gonna like it yeah
don't I get it don't you bring it
downstairs so like I'm gonna leave your
pay for a while in case you get ready
now yeah for the kitchen yours in there
and one of those so that's a smart TV
basically what it means is you can watch
my videos on there go on YouTube and
stuff oh my god and then it's gonna I
wanted to get you a huge on like 50 inch
but the kitchen won't fetch it so I got
40 which is bigger than your one yours
is great too
this is 40 but yeah I couldn't get like
a huge one okay too much got me
you've helped me so what she's here I
think he's gonna be
oh it was at this moment that he knew he
fucked up we want the challenge okay
Morgan I've got a big package for you oh
yeah give it to me give it to you it
says fragile mom that wasn't fragile
Walken
you told me to pass it to you what'd you
expect me to the moon girls so cocky yes
number two complete I'm smashing it boys
yes mr. poetry I'm doing it I'm actually
doing well at challenge bro mr. miracle
why do I have a palm tree you probably
thinking honestly lives I don't know oh
my god that's a that's a specialist but
now we generalize that is a one of a
kind Hollister sponge retails for about
500 pound absorbed 500% more water than
other sponges see expelled himself this
year it's gone down the recycling room
is going down
nothing is gonna make me cringe however
there is one YouTube that I just can't
watch without cringing is always on my
recommended videos he looks about 12 I'm
just praying I'm just praying Ryan
hasn't found this guy and I'm praying
isn't in the conflation because if he is
then I am in a a lot of children yes
Frankie but it's still scary I'm not
pranking you it's a new Blanco it was
I'm just don't want to open the don't
case is still there should we let Bruno
yes it's got rules cuz he's got I've
been eating sardine you know they're
good practice oh god no what would do an
onion see on the second cabinet knife is
almost ready we're doing a cada a
freaking Co I don't know why it's gonna
go down by Thomas & Co guys it could be
pretty frigging crazy we're going to do
it in literally like ten seconds guys
let's do it yeah judicially boiling the
coke inside you come that's crazy
horrible Oh
alright son be serious get ready for
this look at this dude
who are they meant to be roasting you or
that's right makes video Ryan let's see
what you see what you've got for me this
time
oh is this what I think it is is this
what I think it is I'd always you know
Jacob freaking slob all this there we go
this is quality they all make up with
some sweatpants ours then you can
scratch this is cringe ayyyyy well c'mon
you got clown masks on why am i walking
up cuckooing I'm gonna ring the police
now I know you're pranking my
Oh
movin your really purple in your
lipsticks offline you really don't your
ears ago this is the big gift from me
right
turn away look away are you ready to
figure out what the gifts are you can
turn around those ya feel oh wow
basically I thought I've been buying it
for my room and then I said to you
they're gonna stick in your room because
you've done it nice so basically what
you got there that's one of the small
ones that's a mess that's a lump and
then that's a strip light you could even
get them behind that they look really
good if you put the strip behind that do
like that then yeah yeah basically so
you'll get the app on your phone then
when you're coming in which is go hey
Siri turn on my lights it's time to burn
the easies it needs going down we watch
this I'm gonna hand you the camera right
now are to go and I'm so nervous
oh my god you got em inside a that's the
way
but you're really brave brunch I think
it's gonna go shut him down now
take it
they said takes you to stuff look at
down boy Morgan I'm lucky
where are you going stop it you can't
not Morgan likes Morgan you can't go
outside there verifiable Morgan is not
no no what you do in life and you need
to get it I can't make it stop Morgan
stop right there not your real doozies
they're not real man what are you doing
so they're not real
no they're fake I bought them on Amazon
for like 20 quitman do you know how
dangerous that is Matt dude you could
have set fire to anything no that faith
they fake yours are in the kitchen
somewhere look that is your brand-new
camera and you just almost burn first
like I kind of couldn't see the stripe
without a thought like number one I've
got no other shoe is number two it could
have melted off boy I'd rather face
yeah yeah
oh you doing well oh my god she's going
motor that's the first and only time
you're ever gonna make anything
give me a present from your bedroom up
yet the first thing we're gonna do with
these cups or with this cup is put it to
the test against this score we're gonna
put them both near the edge of the table
given bourbon knock and see what happens
mum in advance I'm sorry
I know more we're gonna get rid of the
mighty mark you know I'm just gonna warm
it up give me a few knocks that's all
right now well I mean it survived the
first test
you've been hilarious and like been like
oh this is a normal glass is it and spit
up on a thrown on the floor Morgan I
seriously think this is actually
impossible
Bobby look you hit that like 50 times
it's not good enough over it's
impossible how about I give it my all
I'm gonna give it my absolute everything
here with a punch no he's not but it's
not he's not no Kevin Morgan okay into
the car my hands are killing me oh my
god this is so cold
tell me young guys as you can see it's
all mixed up and basically now what
we're gonna do is get in
my guys won't lie equals one crafty son
either I scared Morgan
I'm absolutely doing myself oh yeah
that's a good what yo look at this
he should have fit like like that but
whose faults that oh damn it
but it's your fault because you started
banging in the box and you threw it
around it you came in so I think you've
broke the whole piece please
you can have the log I love the nice top
bit okay you count the wok for breaking
it was that nice yeah is it good
I'm a time of cringy no I have no choice
I tried to do in the fun way so I get it
I try to wiggle it around behind and
guys approach it all but it's not it's
not gonna Blizzard we know that this pup
can't be pushed but I have other plans
what what what what Lance you didn't
tell me about buzz yeah cause Ryan
you're not ready to see what's about to
happen you're not ready to see the
impossible spilling Cup you're not ready
to see the unstealable Cup get spilled
Ryan are you ready to witness the
spilling of the old spill
it's about time
