oh god this one is so cringy oh my god
this is probably gonna be the cringe
ease video you are ever gonna see if you
think my normal videos are cringe at
ready for this hello guys and welcome
back to another video today I'm gonna be
publicly humiliating myself again
because today we're gonna be looking
back at my old facebook posts and yes
guys you're in for a treat this is gonna
be absolutely horrific no shows you guys
all my old cringy videos but I seriously
think this could be worse what's the
model cost my old facebook a few days
ago I used to use like four years ago
and after looking through my old post
the initial response was how the hell
did I have any friends so yeah I thought
oh my phones are going off oh well duh
oh yeah I thought I'd share them with
you guys because this is gonna be fun
Whoopie I am starting to extremely
regret this oh yeah guys if you believe
I like on this video that would be
absolutely amazing I think guys the
least you can do because honestly I
cannot believe I just can't believe I'm
sure I honestly can't believe I'm
showing you these and I don't know if
you guys watched my last video but my
mum say like goal of 50,000 and to my
amazement we actually hit it so I
thought why don't we try and one-up that
on this video a name 4:55 that was a
likes guy if we're gonna hit that goal I
will be absolutely bloody astounded
because I've only ever set the light
goal of fifty thousand three times so 55
thousand is a crazy goal guys I need all
you to leave a like and also remember to
subscribe if you're new because honestly
you're not even ready for what's about
to happen
woo let's get started also this seems
like an appropriate time to mention I
don't have a facebook at the moment
nothing to steal loads of Facebook's
from like like more Facebook so if you
see any of them they're not me they're
all fakes
so reform oh sorry sorry sorry so let's
go all the way back to my oldest posts
and work the way up that's actually I
probably about I dare think about it
because the worst ones are gonna be the
first ones Jesus Christ is taking ages
ah god I've just seen the first one okay
ages ago
back in 2012 I was a
I just I guess the best way to put it's
like the weird kid of school I just was
a complete freaking freak literally I
was just a weirdo and I didn't have many
friends I'd like one friend so you know
I took it Facebook to say I'm gonna stop
being weird
it's bring and too much effort and yeah
so I took it to Facebook to announce I'm
gonna stop being weird this is just your
god I just got mad hair Christ it's
different followed by these brilliant
photos yeah that's me but Sarah liked by
the way all this stuff all this stuff
there are lights I just had my hair cut
spelt Matt again because you know I was
really cool problem question mark I'm so
done I'm actually done already guys this
is the end of the video I'm cutting it
short joking but this is this is just
terrible and then I added a new photo
and as you can see you know definitely
don't look like an absolute weirdo
anyone wanna chat 0 like 0 comments 0
shares clearly on all the friends you
like 2013 everything kill me I don't
know the context behind now and why I
was a swag at that age you ask I don't
know I don't know didn't go to bed last
night
I'm shuttered maybe I can and on up want
to talk for a while I'm thinking of not
going to sleep so anyone want to talk
zero likes 0 comments 0 shares I I
posted this boat on I got six likes for
God's sake
yesterday I accidentally stabbed a
needle through my finger yeah whoa what
is this one of that hot Jesus guys no no
not to say comment if still awake 0
comments but I don't think it was
because Nell was awake
I think it's because that was an
absolute freaking loser Galaxy S free
vs. iPhone 5 like for Galaxy s3 comment
for iPhone 5 guess I'm the lies and
comments they got if you guessed 0 then
you're correct
oh god can't wait until tomorrow
followed by well technically today
Cordy gene is going sledging with the
boys your number got to the stage where
became a pretty cool guy and start doing
you know like four looks I don't know if
I don't remember that oh yeah we go like
four look zero likes like four looks
zero likes like faux locs zero likes
like follows a four like woo like four
locks their likes their alikes zero
likes their likes one like oh yeah like
for a paragraph there are likes like for
a paragraph there are likes board
comment for me to describe you in one
word zero comments I'm losing brain
cells just reading these I'm sorry I
have to put you through this guys I'm
sorry please forgive me this was the
stage where I really like minecraft so I
post it to Facebook and my in crafting a
bill obviously God's aerolite Sendero
comment you know how it's just a
standard but yeah look at this lovely
pretty good if we can castle and
everything that's pretty pretty sick to
be honest oh god this one is so cringy
oh my god just been in a fight whoa haha
oh nothing I'm actually gonna quit this
is too bad oh my god I didn't yo I was
the biggest VJ oh my god I did old dog
ages ago called sandy and she died I'm
over it now but it's I do still remember
and that I weren't that young I posted
to Facebook my dog died two days ago I'm
sad I got zero likes and then I posted
again my dog had to be put down
oh my eye or zero likes again this is
horrible I can't do this oh my god ahh
my dog come on
not one like my fucking dog died but you
know what I'm gonna show like I'm gonna
show like who more because I'm like I'm
up I can't do this train selfie nope I'm
done
you
