we're going to turn on for the first
time ever died do the honors wardroom oh
oh boy oh boy come on guys are welcome
to another video this is a very
interesting place to start the video I'm
in the car right now with Ryan he's
currently going to the train station
we're driving in there because why and
what have we been doing if there was
some mediocre videos by me videos guys
don't get it twisted I just thought I'd
start this video right now we've got
more there we've got Ryan you've got
your boy Hydra so let's just slip on the
camera and get this video going every
day yeah oh yeah yeah yeah get out on
the bloody dual carriageway we pulled
out a Chesterfield station trying to get
the hell out of here I appreciate your
cameraman skills but you're not welcome
anymore wings haha oh oh oh I think it's
about that time again that you helped
you a little how many like should we
smash on this video in 60 oh yeah if you
to chop the 50,000 I'll set that goal
why ever and mama just job the 60,000
guys Anthony literally all of you to
leave a like on this video down below
hey yo ma your film ah yes nah hell nah
oh I'm prayin you guys heard our I can't
believe you done this that car just
pushed me off the road no actually had
that oh my god I love you too so let me
reveal to you the real reason why I
decided to come with you to drop off
Ryan I was in bed happy at home but I
saw this one was an opportunity for you
to pick me up some food can we stop at
Subway because you know your boys on a
healthy grind I just want a sandwich can
we stop at Subway yeah opportunities
guys you can't make them see when your
mom's dropping your friend off that's
the judge the first thing that comes to
my mind is that's an opportunity to get
some food who is a hunter q lettuce
onion and sweet corn on the wheat bread
hi hey there she goes she's going to the
subway is she come he approaches the
subway the wild Jill she thinks you can
get out of my camera shot no the cars
covering up no do they do there's a dude
she's like hi oh oh should I read you
open the door oh well guys we're just
heading home right now I'll see you all
when we're home
oh we've just arrived home mode thank
you for taking me for the subway even
though you've been that you were going
to until I reveal to you that that's
what I wanted guys look at the weather
it looks really mental it still still
snowing we're doing okay thanks a lot
mom oh okay I'm sorry it's an addiction
LM through now have you been today look
at you like what we've what you actually
do with me we do in live subway unboxing
on the freakin vlog what do we got old
damn nothing looks freaking nice
oh and just like that we've got it on a
plate guys let me take knit upset human
oh hey Siri turn on my lights okay Titan
a about to take the first buy live on
the blog guys I think I know what you're
thinking right now
mogs why did you leave all the salad you
fatty and you know I give me a chance to
explain
but solids fell out of the freaking
subway either was he in it and you know
who who puts the salad back in like I
mean come on if it falls out you ain't
gonna put it back in why you don't I
don't I pretty much all the stars fell
out but there was a bit of lettuce in
there so come on give me a give me a
break I like salad but believe it or not
first thing we're going to be doing in
about two hours I'm going to be going
and playing football with my friends
then after that I'm going to be going to
my dad's house and we're going to be
taking a look at my brand-new $5,000
freaking PC that I've got in preparation
of the gaming start video that you guys
have been waiting for for way too long
is so close guys we're like that far
guys right be quiet you know I'm not
sure if I can trust you with this
information you know what your team logs
I'll let you in on it guys I'm about to
go downstairs and prank my mom I'm not
going to jump out on us I just do it
why now not when you love it bored you
just crank your mom or at least I do
she's on the phone downstairs it's a
great opportunity
nice out the door Morgan screw that they
guys are part of a student's biggest
supporter guys check miss absolute fire
other managers just sent me a screenshot
of the new stuff we're releasing to the
to the store this is a new design it's
not the best picture the camera isn't
thinking up too well but yeah that looks
absolutely sick if you didn't know
already I do have my own apparel shop
which I'm literally on right now it's
been these six designs part through the
ages and yes we're releasing some new
ones very very soon we're also going to
release hoodies if you want to check it
out is literally if my camera's going to
focus just mold stop kale we didn't even
have the dot uk' shaving you guys time
mold stop kale check out all this stuff
and then also get ready for the new
stuff guys it's going to be great
holiday my plays also like my bags event
reminder 30 minutes until football ok
guys Facebook guys there you go Advent
reminder we've got 30 minutes until I go
play football it's just to kick about
with my friends but I enjoy and it's
good exercise because I put it on a bill
weight recently no but for real no I've
put on a few pounds so I need to get
back into diet know and I've had a
subway do some football then we'll be
good so straight after I play football
I'm going to go to my dad's going to get
shower at my dad's we've actually go
chef your Wednesday my football team
playing tonight I'm wrong TV so I'm
gonna watch on my dad we'll get started
on the PC boys I can't leave Ricky how
this is a Beasley PC okay y'all you
beautiful people I'm ready in my
football gear yes Morgan very creative
all black because the secret is guys is
how you get good a football world like
no money point night no one can see you
you can be good like me anyway like I
love to play football I don't know why
I'm so excited it's absolutely freezing
outside and I'm probably gonna get hit
because of my toe but yeah I'll speak
you guys very very shortly after our
plays whoo
oh my god we are now back from football
I can tell by my sweaty hair that's not
very nice well we're joined live the
dream I'm in match to get me 3.3 million
views by saying algorithm so well now
and I've been here in the background
what we're just watching video ball if
it will focus I'm going to watch this
I'll keep your date on the scope it
wasn't it looks actually which is
freaking great already HRU this is 76
minutes a game I don't think you can
really see what's happening but yeah
we're still we're still wonder what but
we're looking change it I'm not sure
anyway my tears just came salmon jacket
and green beans cuz I'm on that healthy
grind but yeah hey about three minutes
after stop recording we scored three
down the line you see my play of looks
like I've had that much of the frigging
catches oh my god Dolph free nil I'll
finish back to you I had mister finished
that now it buddy wasn't that long
literally I just finished like we just
sort slice in like 10 minutes I think
but yeah there we go
Alexa turn on the bedroom light sorry I
can't find it advice or group name
battery life in Hawkins account ah okay
guys the match is over as you can
probably tell I mean I'm upstairs so you
know I when I'm going to miss the match
so of course it's over but anyway right
now we're going to go take a look at
this PC guys let me explain to you a
little bit more about it so you guys
know that I've been hyping up this room
time I danced the room is behind this
door now yeah I've been hiding out for
about a month we've been working on it
so much we never been at my dad's we've
just been working on the room and
literally like the only thing we're
waiting on right now is the PC basically
we've got all the stuff today ready to
hook up and obviously we're going to
hook up the PC and then once we hook
that up boys
we're in business so what we're going to
do we're going to hook it all right now
in this video again I'm not going to
show you too much of the room because I
want to keep the height building for the
big room tall but I'm going to show you
the PC I'm going to put it all up in
this video get it all ready and yeah
it's going to be good so let's enter the
room oh boy guys don't see the room or
guess what you can see the floor but you
can't see anything
else or you can okay you call the PC
that is so BAM there we go guys that is
the PC under the desk but yeah this is
the PC we haven't actually got it
plugged in but we got it set up so yeah
we're going to actually set it up in
this video we've got a ps4 program yeah
let me open this and give you a look at
this this is actually being hooked up to
the TV which is behind me not the actual
setup and I'm trying hard to get it out
but I'm failing there we go there we go
okay there we go ps4 pro look at that
trip away from there there we go okay
guys this is the PC we're going to turn
on for the first time ever dad do the
honors remote oh boy oh boy I don't know
if you're going to pick up amazing but
my goodness it legit looks like
something he's finding like a James Bond
movie awesome home look at this thing so
yeah this was sent out to me I'm gonna
obviously tell you all about this in the
setup video and the room tour which is
coming up but to give you guys a quick
look at this I mean my freaking gosh
blue themed vlog I didn't even know it
this guy's got lights and everything -
oh my god this is just Rick inclusive
just not currently playing an intense
game of Monopoly with my guys because
this going on at this moment in time
he's doing better than me but ya know
it's not over yet I've got faith in Pall
Mall or I don't get frickin pal Pall
Mall I've got you it's coming Theodore a
few moments later I have a confession to
make guys I want player 1 what do you
got to say about it
that's two one for me I had faith in pal
Mallard it let me down guys to one our
role in our little competition we're
playing again now so like I'm winning
this side I'm winning this guy's dad's
just running on this bow bow again so
don't get
he loses do it do it do it banker right
now are you showed us hey GG he will the
first on this world there we go to all
over all hey Alexa come off be awesome
sorry I have a foul whatever Dada da
guys are only just noticed the guys that
sent me this out Dino peas you literally
send me a remote with this thing to it
look if I go on to color and I change
the color guys oh my god this listing
I'm LEDs in it like I'm in love guys
which is absolutely mental I'm thinking
not color the dark blue and just on line
we go just gained quite late right now I
haven't even spoke about how late is but
it's currently 2 a.m. we will literally
play Monopoly for about an hour and a
half with freaking mental but monopoly
rights a good game is a good game you
can't dis monopoly how many showed you
this because it's hard to showing you
about showing the room but down here we
actually have a ps4 Pro which we
literally just settled today this thing
is on the TV which is above me haven't
got any games on this and just setting
it all right now so again I'm not going
to show you but yeah that's also pretty
frickin cool my camera just died so you
know that's not very good
oh yeah as I was saying you're probably
asking more whitening vlogging so close
here friggin face but it's like entire
blog just because I don't want you guys
to see the background but at the same
time it means you guys you still my ugly
features get get away from me I don't
want you guys to see all this no upsets
of the PC now got it all working the
windows and everything working the
windows is already installed I've made
my accountant stuff but we don't have an
Ethernet cable so I've ordered that from
the good old Amazon and I'm going to
quickly edit a video because I want to
keep the grind go and all it'll blow
tomorrow and I cannot trust myself to
wake up early enough to edit tomorrow so
I'm going to have to do it now ii ii ii
ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii fufufu all those
jumpers I'll just scream in my name go
get away from me more food more food
more food more food more food I
literally broke them in half trying to
get them out of the frickin packet but
yeah
go and now I've got to try and turn off
the light because I've got the camera
Nuland icon come on yay there we go you
can't say anything I'm going to put on
the spotlight see something for my vlogs
right now and as my daddy jokes
I like that just arise then I'm going to
literally hang up the Skype you know as
I'm recording the vlog I'm so bad guys
this is where I am going to end the vlog
it is now 5:00 in the morning I've been
grinding boys I've been grind and really
spoken to them and it usually get bikes
but I'm seeing stuff today guys I need
to learn the vulgar I'll get some
frickin sleep that's what I need to do
so guys if you've enjoyed remember to
soon
mush I like down below that was very
freakin extreme but yes much alike I
subscribe if you are new and turn on
notifications by clicking the little
bell that's about it guys I need to keep
my voice ballad lobe with my dad
he's trying to sleep and I don't know
what you want even though I probably
already asked guys thank y'all so much
for watching and as always I've been
most you've ever been awesome and I'll
see you in my next video pretty how
