guys we're about to put a $1,500 camera
or against a $25.00 camera I am so
excited to see what happens guys let's
do it
hello guys and welcome back to another
video why am i spinning I don't know let
me just stop well I was a weird way to
start the video wasn't it nevertheless
guys - oh that was that was a big word
nevertheless nevertheless guys today I
have got a freaking crazy day lined up
it is currently 6:23 a.m. mortgage your
hair's looking really freaky right now
have you even slept no Ivan why haven't
I slept tonight you may be asking
because I am a youtuber and youtubers
aren't like all the specimens we don't
sleep at the appropriate time seriously
if your YouTube in your sleep pad isn't
master then you ain't a youtuber to me
my friend is gonna be getting a train
and coming over before that I need to
have my daily workout this workout isn't
for amateurs basically what you want to
do you want to get your bar you want to
get one kilogram on each side okay
okay just take them off you don't need
weight you just need the bar okay guys
it ain't easy to get arms like these no
but seriously guys if this is the first
time that you see me on your screen
remember to go down below the video and
hit that big red subscribe on guys it's
free it'll only cost you actually way if
it was free then it's not gonna cost you
anything to ignore me but just hit the
hit the subscribe button guys it's down
there just just give it a big hit give
it a give us give it a poke I don't know
what I'm saying oh well duh also guys
I'm thinking of starting up a new
channel on another site have you heard
of dubsmash
this video guys go down below smash
alike let's go pay five thousand lights
I'm not actually started dubsmash by the
way I just thought it was a funny joke
it wasn't funny okay I don't know I
tried guys I tried
Ryan's coming over I believe about 11 I
need to go me in bed which gives me
about four hours of time to myself to do
absolutely nothing because that's
basically all I do anyway that's why
it's coming round I needed a friend
there's only so many videos I can do in
my moment I need friends so my mom gets
all in about 15 minutes and you know she
I needed to be wide away today she's got
work I've got work I'm working she shall
be working so let's go wake her up in
you know a way that she's probably not
expecting oh god mom I'm sorry and kind
of not sorry though I don't know if you
guys saw my video about a week ago where
she did this boy Lou Lou eulogists the
war oh ma well mommy's some long days
yeah I need to get revenge on her and
you know that was just like a warm-up
guys if you want me to do a full video
dedicated to seeing how many times I can
freaking prank my mom and leave a lie
down below tell me in the comment
section yeah what's very high-pitched
wasn't it guys if you take a look at my
cell your device you'll be able to see
I'm on Instagram right now and I'm
currently on one hundred and ninety
seven thousand followers so if you want
to be an absolute G don't follow me on
there you know what if we're not on 200k
24 hours after this video has been
released and I I'm gonna be a little bit
angry
so yeah link in the description mogs
whitey all one-word verified follow me
on there to make your boy belly better
happy I was weird so yeah guys without
further ado let's head downstairs
because I want to get some breakfast the
video something doing in that but yeah
without any further ado let's go
downstairs because I want our get some
breakfast
stuff my mom still isn't out of bed so
you know what we're just gonna get her
up this time and I am not being easy on
it come on get out of there
Oh what oh I was planning on coming in
and when scaring you I'll let you off
this time
anyway tree up this tomato into the tree
it all to the lender Politico nah yeah
great video idea are you can do it
yep oh yeah everyone heard your
brilliant video idea which sounded like
I don't even know don't think about it
mom it's not potential it's a pretty
good video idea thank you
like dumpsters gonna see what food we
got in kitchen because I'm pretty
freakin hungry
you're not a puto oh you get away how
did I sleep
he hates me and I wonder why we got some
freaking bagels you can't go wrong with
a nice bargain guys look at this I've
been training him for real this time he
is a freakin wedge and watch this
firstly Bruno sit there we go now stay
stay stay back eat why do you never do
it when I'm recording you sit stay stay
stay
ah he won't he won't no I'm not taking
that Brunell stay stay stay
go get it that's it
oh well this is awkward yeah go he's
getting there guys he's freaking get in
there come on I'm doing all right
people's dogs that are like 1 year old
can I roll over and spin around
I'm here with four year old Bruno who's
just one how to sit like I'm trying my
best
oh god that was close my goodness yo
this is a
harder than it looks I respect come on
now this is tricky
okay okay I'm done what am I even doing
I don't know I may eat my breakfast now
guys suicide over three two one bang
okay yeah yo that was nice I like some
apple you may be saying you know what I
just wasn't hungry going there not gonna
lie guys I couldn't get the pit out of
this bit good morning snapchat I'm wide
awake and I'm currently filming a vlog
of today it's gonna be sick
it won't have a good day good morning
Instagram I'm wide awake I'm filming a
vlog right now today's gonna be mental
I've got loads of stuff to do I got so
many ideas it's gonna be amazing
everybody have a good day and that is
how I usually start my days with
snapchat and Instagram or you know I
however you should be following me on
there so you should already know guys my
mum is now wide awake and basically
right now I'm gonna Gummer I'm gonna
film a video what video was gonna be
filming you may be asking you will not
know well you should you will know
basically the thing I'm gonna be filming
the video on is inside this hefty big
box right here guys that's a wrap me and
mum just finished recording a video
Oh lies absolutely disgusted well how
did it go mum was it good it was very
good
okay yeah thank you for joining me in
that video hmm nah watch off what are
you thinking good really good
oh yeah say hi to the blog mom's away
she's up she's ready guys
hi thanks to the vlog sweet yeah well
they know sort of what you would do it
just finishing my edit you can go yeah
I'm just really really happy with it
it's like it's all yeah is it really
good Morgan they go darling we had
phones on now see you later good look
welcome to our home all right so guys
I've just finished editing the video
literally usually when I edit I have
like a film on and I go down and
I thought breaks in between but I just
sat and solid edited this thing for like
three hours and oh my god the video will
be out on put out today I've decided
I've just about finished in time but
yeah the video is the chocolate one
which you've probably already seen if
not obviously I'll put a link in the
description but if you haven't seen it
finish watching this vlog and then go
and check it out because honestly I'm so
freaking happy with this video but I
need to get what bit more copies I'm
gonna go and have a shower because I'm
gonna keep of a shower guys I'm just
like that guys I've had a shower
I've got ready the hair is looking
pretty good I'm all just but guys I'm
freaking mad right now because obviously
cuz I was in such a rush and while I was
taking my jeans off I'm freakin ripped
this massive old guy's I put my foot in
as I was taking them off and young two
holes into one this thing looks so
stupid but these are my only good jeans
song have to wear them today and then
I'm out have to order some new ones
literally right now so that's freaking
annoying ok guys well mums call me a
taxi I've got my : I'm all ready to go
basically the train stations like a
10-minute walk and I've only got five so
the taxis been called down to the train
station then I'm getting the train and I
haven't even got some muscle yeah I'm in
a rush guys why am i vlogging right now
I don't know I need to get a move on
guys I ski in a minute ok see you in a
minute guys we need to get going to the
frickin train station mumbles a touch
the outside is that it oh I got my shoes
on this is a nightmare taxi driver I'm
sorry I'm sorry bro I'm going to put
your bro I'm literally running right now
alright alright yeah what I keep the
change of spam no problem I see you
there you go
good deed for the day done right there
you know one pound 20 extra change that
guy got I'm gonna go catch this train
then we head off to Chesterfield
okay guys just like that we are now in
Chesterfield as you can tell literally
guys it's so cold I'm just come here to
just get a drink a little best shopping
I just I just come out for a break
because I'm getting tired and I need to
stay awake guys so I'll be back with you
in about an hour I'm literally I'm just
coming there for something to do guys
I'll see you soon but it's so cold I
can't stay here for long
well yeah guys that was a very very
short trip literally like 40 minutes
guys it's just it's too cold like full
stop the cold has just screwed me guys
basically I went had a McDonald's I
literally went in there and got hot
chocolate it was just it's so cold guys
but anyway I'm locking up at the train
station right now
I'm going back home guys legit it was
too cuddled full stop that was the
single most pointless trip ever I
literally went to Chesterfield looked in
a few shops had a hot chocolate then
decided it was too cold went straight
back and Here I am now literally I went
out for a little bit of a break you know
I thought I'd you know go hunt do a bit
of shopping to be fair I didn't do a bit
of shopping but my god it was cold boys
boys boys boys boys and freakin girls
Mormon what have we got yes delivery so
yeah we're not home back that I'm really
pointless trip and obviously as you know
we got some packages the big ones there
with my camera literally stood on the
big one not always a ton over this one
doesn't weigh that much so we're gonna
crack this one open right now ah yeah
okay basically this is one of these
wubble bubble things I think I've got
video plan for this I've got another one
I've got two of these things now and
then the second thing I'm gonna have to
pick you up for and you know and do it
this way because this thing weighs a
freaking ton oh okay I know okay okay
that's pretty anticlimactic guys a
libero
drink mango flavour there you go this
thing is very very nice guys it's a good
drink I'm just like that the delivery is
done
either way doc what's the first thing I
thought of doing when I got a box
obviously put him Bruno in it and he
just doesn't care
this guy just does not care look at him
look at this guy he just does not care
about anything he's at that point is
life where he just doesn't care
and I'll just legit just stay anywhere
to do what do you want you can come out
now
you can come up you can come out this is
actually ridiculous it's been a solid
minute and he is literally still just
right there is legit you bite now what
did you do we look at him yo this is
ridiculous this pug is just done with
life let me see if we can pull him yo
this guy is just too cool he legit just
stay there all day
I'm not even forcing him to stay in okay
he's finally oh this guy's honestly such
a legend
oh yes boys and girls gotta love a nice
morrison's
salmon some ways at today's dinner I
mean of a ride later he's coming over in
like a few hours but yeah I meet us
right now guys so so GIMP give me a bit
of privacy right now half free and about
6:00 I'm meeting Ryan and we go into
Meadowhall I'm meeting him at meadow
wall which is a shopping center if you
don't already know we're gonna do a
little bit of shopping then go for tea
at Nando's and then we go into the
cinema right Ryan is coming over here
we're gonna see Resident Evil the final
chapter now I literally said to write
your comment to see this with me no two
ways about it right I literally re-watch
every single resident evil' a few days
ago in preparation for this film like I
love Resident Evil I've played the games
and watched all the films like five
times I just loved it my videos going
live at 6
the video that I've made today and
edited today which I'm really happy with
all right guys basically right now I'm
going in the bath why am I going in the
bath I'm just gonna chill because I got
some time to kill that rhyme right
guys I've just popped my new video line
I've also just put my new Instagram live
it's all good in the freaking horde
there we go I'm setting off in about
about ten minutes actually so I should
probably get ready now as well as
looking around at clothes and the stuff
like that there is one thing that I
really do want to get today now I'm not
sure if I'm gonna be able to get them
actually in the store if I'm gonna have
to order them online but I want to get a
pair of Apple earpods Sami now have a
look in the Apple store but I'm honestly
I'm not sure if they'll actually have
them there because Apple is just
horrific we've stopped hi so introduce
yourself who are you why are you here
guess what we don't care I switched over
to my g7x right now and it just feels so
weird this is like so small I don't know
guys we're on the train now to meadow
freaking Hall we're going to go watch a
film
Ananda meant better freaking hole no
matter all we're gonna go get a Nando's
your lava shopping and of course watch
the film guys it's legit like seven
right now who go shopping a seven
everything shots at nine but basically I
what are you doing and well basically
now we're looking at some shots we're
getting food Ryan maybe you can get a
new burgundy tracksuit because you know
that's all I've ever seen you know so
we've just been in Apple I'll give you
guys like two seconds to get if they had
the airport oh of course they did it
because it's Apple and you after old
everything online anyway guys I went in
for style and picked up that pair of
jeans because you guys know I ripped
mine earlier I got a new pair I'll show
them you later but right now we're into
like a madness we're not even goin and
oh no my camera's because
yeah no one like Nando's Wagamama is
noon and oh but not knows the very
responses
yeah Nando's that every sponsors anyway
we're going for Mother's then watching
the film we've got like 40 minutes so
there's no rush
is a nice moment
garcy rise guys the food is now here I
went with the traditional chicken Carlo
and Ryan went and copied me went the
exact same freakin thing as play you
legit look like the same freaking
physicians like yeah he'd not be the
decade insomnia oregon's yo Ryan this is
Ryan Ryan Ryan
it's the pick-and-mix stop Ryan how was
the film John I don't think they can
hear if we talk like that yeah it was
alright it was decent
I put myself whenever I get jumpscared
like a safety D so it was one of those
foodies my lips look really blue maybe I
have a to tango eye splice so that's
probably why but yeah guys I enjoyed the
film it was good I've watched all the
other ones like loads of times and it
was a good ending but I didn't expect it
was a lot different to the other ones
but yeah I was a quick Resident Evil
review now we're back out what we're
going back home right just like that
guys we are now back home ads you can
you tell I was out and about on a hat to
vlog on my g7x and it got me thinking
you know that as a cheap camera and
because now as you know I've logged on
my on my big setup using that which is a
fairly good camera like that as a 300
pound camera using that felt like oh my
god the quality on that was pretty bad
but it wasn't bad but it got me thinking
wife I compared this camera which is a I
think is about a 1000 like $600 camera
which is quite scary I literally carry
this around with me everywhere but yeah
a really big expensive camera which I
use for all my stuff wife I compared
this to like the cheapest camera I own
which is a really really small action
cam and let's see how these big thing
compares against a tiny little camera
guys it should be funny
alright then Ryan I think it's time we
give them you know what they wanted from
the tile look at this guys this is the
litter I don't even know how much it was
this was like 20 this was like $25 in
knockoff GoPro this is a legit nonsmoker
I bought this before I bought my actual
GoPro this is the cheapest camera I can
find honestly I don't even know if this
thing worked
I'm using now which is a cannon a TD
with a with a cannon 10 to 18 millimeter
4.5 to 5.6 lens guys this camera rig
right here I think is about I think it's
about $1,500 I'll work it out you'll see
it in the title but look round we're
going to be comparing that time your
load thing with this absolute monster so
guys as you can probably tell this is my
main camera guys this is just a simple
shot of my face now we'll switch to the
small timer $25 camera let's see the
difference and guys we are now on the
$25 camera with a shot of my face I'm
holding this the exact same length away
this thing literally weighs a feather
but we are now on the camera with the
audio coming from the camera the picture
coming from the camera guys is there a
difference I mean that's probably going
to be a difference here we have a nice
little close-up of Ryan on the big
camera the big expensive freaking beast
of a camera guys I think you know for
Ryan he's looking he's looking pretty
good with this camera here we have a
nice close-up of Ryan on the $25.00
camera how's it looking guys how's the
audio too on this thing because legit I
don't even know where the microphone is
it's just I know he's fill-in I don't
know where it is though but yeah here's
a nice shot of the big man himself the
big freakin pantry standing tall and
proud then here we have a shot on the
cheaper camera you know how do you
looking is he still looking proudest is
he still looking tall is he still
looking strong guys yeah there we go
tell me what you think about this whole
thing in the comment section below
you know is there really that much of a
difference I haven't watched a void but
yet and I thought it'd be more
interesting if I don't want you back in
the vlog and let you guys tell me the
conversation below like like what you
thought like was it that much better
because this thing is really really hard
to carry around this is literally a
c'mon this is a huge camera you know
like that thing's tiny so if I was to
vlog on that you know a bit hell of a
lot easier but you know the quality
probably isn't as good so tell me what
you thought that in the conversation
below as you can see over here Ryan boy
what you doing mate playing a little
both peepers are foot draft for Jeff oh
no it's already on your account so
destoy don't look at it okay nice lads
wee
just recorded the is it $25 vs. $1500
frickin camera I mean it's an estimate I
don't know the exact to the freaking
penny amounts but it the small one was
like 20 quid and the big one I mean the
body of it was like frickin K all I say
all I'm saying right is bigger is always
better
usually number numbers some reason yeah
I don't understand it right some of you
guys genuinely think it's funny to call
me fat mugs in the comments all right I
don't I don't think it's funny I don't
think it's pretty oh and everyone that
everyone's really funny and it's pretty
funny everyone that rights but mugs in
the comments of this video I'll
personally track you down and eat your
food yeah I'll do that so watch your
back
well this lens so so wide-angle you can
even capture your body right guys okay I
know you might be a bit confused right I
just completely forgot to end the vlog
yesterday so it's now the next day I've
just started a vlog this may be
confusing but yeah we're just dropping
right off of the train station so we may
as well just end it now guys I hope
you've enjoyed the vlog if you've
enjoyed remember to leave a thumbs up
down below also subscribe to my channel
and turn on notifications but that's
about it guys hope you've enjoyed and as
always Ivan morg you guys been awesome
and I'll see you in my next video peace
out
