damn morgue suck at it again with the
unoriginal video today we have a video
that you've probably never seen before
are you sure about it that's right today
we're gonna be googling myself yep this
is actually happening at this stage I'm
just a born creative genius hello guys
and welcome back to another video and
today as you know I'm gonna be googling
myself now I would explain to you what
this video is but let's be honest you
probably already know by now I've been
wanting to do this video absolutely ages
by not honestly not long ago there
wasn't enough Google searches for me to
actually do a video oh yeah this videos
gonna be a bit like a Q&A but instead of
just answering random questions I'm
gonna be answering the most popular
questions you guys want to know about me
that you've actually gone to Google try
and find out so yeah you should find out
some new stuff about your best friend
more the hold on give me a minute give
me a minute guys do you know what time
is it's time for me to plug some stuff
seriously guys remember to leave a like
on the video and also subscribe to my
channel if this is the first time that
you see my face on your screen get the
big red subscribe button and also like
Target this video I think we should hit
25,000 lives can we do it I think we can
do it I'm gonna need you guys to leave a
light there wall are you watching Sam
leave a like Sam and also am Kris leave
a like I'm just literally saying the
most common names but yeah guys leave a
like and also subscribe and check out my
other social media links in the
description but what okay okay before
you pull me in the conversation with
West let's get started no more plugins
stuff okay let's get going to the actual
video so yeah I guess the first thing we
have to do for this challenge is a clear
my history all history so that we can
get the accurate searches because I've
googled myself quite a bit okay so if I
open Safari now yes I am using Safari
because I'm on a Mac PC guys probably
already pissed off of me but yeah so
let's go onto a google we've got a full
fresh browser okay let's start off with
just putting in morgues and as you can
see you've only got four options like
that it's actually showing so I think
one way you can counter this is if
you've gone to images like white like
this watch so you know what I'm
if you go into images and then press
that you can see loads more options so
I'm gonna be on images for this but then
obviously changing it back and seeing
what you guys want to say about me okay
morgues logo is the top one I've got one
more YouTube logo is let me go let me go
onto my channel and see what me YouTube
okay that's me YouTube logo the picture
me on there is so old but apparently
loads you guys want to see the old logo
me and there it is okay I'll look for
the interest in snot okay morgues PNG
again pretty standard stuff for PNG if
you don't know is like a cutout image of
me like white without a background you
can use it for fun nails and stuff so
yeah when week when we google mobs PNG
literally nothing comes up but yeah
apparently loads you guys want of pin
PNG image of me sweetie okay
morgues age okay let's see what comes up
when you put in this anything oh okay so
you can you got my famous birthday page
look at this guy's I'm 1031 on there
this basically just says everything like
let me read this to you tuber was more
than 1.5 million subscribers on his
malts channel he post fee for content
and Pokemon go not really anymore but
yeah he also features vlogs Bo box
openings and challenges and yeah I was
pretty accurate in June 2014 he opened
his YouTube channel with the video
minecraft faction base speed build
pushed all I had a few videos before
that but yeah cool he I was in a power
store on his website with he shows which
contained the slogans team walls and yo
guys it small he was born and raised in
Sheffield
he's an only child Annie asked her dog
called Bruno who is currently sleeping
right now I was just about to bring him
up but can't do that yeah that's my
famous birthdays Pedro some got
somewhere picks me on there so if you
want to go and boot me on there you know
it so I can get in the top on files and
not be very very appreciated okay I've
just played mortgage and a completely
different set of resources come up so
you got multiple number oh yeah
apparently that's a thing people looking
for my phone number which is quite a
scary
Mark's hair okay this is what I get
asked this so much believe or not loads
of people always ask about my freakin
hair how do you do it and all that I'm
kind of in between styles at the moment
I'm trying like grow it long so yeah
apparently everyone likes my hair oh
just want to figure out stuff about it I
don't know I'm keeping it low-key but I
spend like half an hour doing my hair
everyday
morgs YouTube okay that's pretty
self-explanatory molds Hudson Hudson's
obviously my second name orbs set up
more tight marks Heights okay let me
talk about freakin morgs Heights I don't
know how many times I have to say this
until you guys actually start believing
me I'm 6 foot 2 or 6 month one and a
half ish around there oh gee I don't
know how many times I have to say how
tall I am before you guys believe me I
know I've got a baby face I know what I
completely 10 anyone this met me will
know this and literally when I meet
people out in public the number one
thing they say literally every time is
mortgage you're taller than I thought
and it's freakin true like I am pretty
tall but yeah no one seems to really
believe me okay mugs set up I want to
see what comes in when you put in this
so you got my you got my set up here a
few selves I'm just no waste if you
point molds is five hundred and forty
four thousand results I mean I know
they're all not me and there's other
people call freaking malls but that's
pretty cool okay mogs fat is another
option on Google Images so let's see
what comes up here oh god okay I hate
going on Google Images because there's
some horrible pictures of me look at
this one look at this one look at me
look at my goopy little face you got the
original fat mugs from there look at
these pictures of me oh look at that
yeah actually no unless literally just
putting moms on Google and just images
and see what comes up okay so you got
got this one is the top that is
literally such an awkward photo because
that top is like one size too big for me
and it was like flopping in the wind and
oh I don't want that photo that one's
pretty good I guess
look at that I hate why this is like
this random video why am I playing this
when my ages ago is like comes up so
high on Google and the freaking bundles
me just do not a motif and a lot I said
your mom this one I don't like it was my
hair looks pretty pretty terrible on
there
hey fighter okay a nice photo of me but
yeah if you scroll down here you can see
some
no just a bunch of freaking fun now my
guess morgues on Twitter okay sweet mods
aged morgues Instagram Mortensen and
multi if you don't know my Instagram is
morgues whitey and verify it on there so
you can easily tell it's me you'll be
linked in the description I'm literally
live at the time I'm recording this I'm
on about 191 K so if you can help me get
to 200 K on Instagram that'd be amazing
actually let's let's mix it up a bit
let's put in is morgues
what on earth oh my god is morgues gay
is morgues gay is morgues gay is this
the genuine stuff you guys want to know
about me am i gay I'm coming off as if
I'm like I got something against gays
here I'm not gay
nothing against gay seriously nothing
against being gay at but no way to
answer the most popular is Mark's
question I'm not homosexual now is
morgg's transgender which one's
transgender again I forgot which one
transgender is I'm not transgender if
that's what you want to know is morgues
adopted okay that one that one you know
fair enough I can understand my people
saying that I've got yet no I'm not
adopted is morgues road to Shores
brother wrote to show brother images
yeah that just dies me Josh if you're
watching this you might you probably are
literally why do people think we look
alike I don't think we look alike
I don't know okay no I'm not really
Sean's brother
if you know you can't really tell by
clear differences how is morgues okay no
results for that I'm here okay how about
morgues is okay again no results sweet o
might just look at this it's morgues a
girl its mugs a girl I'm a a girl do I
look like a girl I'd actually go on to
that because you're probably gonna say
yes but no I'm not a girl
weight loss more wallpaper mods when he
was fat morgues Wikipedia driving
Wikipedia yeah another word Kapadia
that's annoying
why get get me a weaker P do some
Wikipedia if you're watching this wait
is that I don't know I want a Wikipedia
yeah sweet Oh what what the videos up
into palm tree molds Hudson shirtless
you want to see me at shirtless add me
on snapchat morgg's Hudson yeah I post
frequent nudes on there I don't actually
but just add me on there anyway more so
it's in link and actually know it there
won't be a link in the description just
have a link on snapchat put a freaking
picture on the screen scan it add me
I've literally just been googling myself
for so long if you put f-fat more boxes
above Facebook I need to stop guys
well that was googling myself I hope you
guys enjoyed and maybe you'll learn
something new about me in other words
you learned that I wasn't gay
transgender this video has been
extremely weird I hope you enjoyed if
you want more googling gosh I don't know
how I can literally bring you more
googling myself it's just do with myself
but yeah guys if you enjoyed the video
remember to leave a like if you learned
something new about me hit that like
button and if you've got any other
questions leave them in the conversation
below also check out my Instagram
snapchat Twitter about it all in the
description below guys hit the like born
in kind of sweet I've been talking for
too long I'm literally losing my voice
yeah guys subscribe if you're new hit
the wipe and check out my social media
and that is about it guys as always I've
been morgues you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace out
whoa if you enjoyed the video then
remember to subscribe to mug this
channel and don't forget to be the life
happiness thanks for watching peace out
