you are human too aren't you well I'm
not bothered me because I'm not gonna
sing one two
hello guys and welcome back to another
video and I think I know what you're
thinking right now
walks haven't you already done this
video and yes I hum boss if something
does well just do it again oh my god
what am i doing no but for real you guys
absolutely loved the last video and a
lot of you said can you do this again
but I said that who I'm gonna be doing
today for the twist guys it's not just
gonna be the exact same video don't
worry since this is a challenge I
thought why not spice it up literally
and give this challenge a four-bit
that's right if I lose this challenge
and sing along to one of the songs I
have to have a spoonful of hot sauce and
as well as that to make it even harder
for me no lemon not allowed to sing I'm
not allowed to dance for home guys this
is gonna be freaking impossible well at
least that's what the actual challenge
says so yeah guys it's you around here
remember to hit that big boy yeah guys
if you're new around here remember to
hit that big red subscribe button down
below and also leave a like on this
video if we could shoot for 30,000 likes
that'd be absolutely amazing I think we
can get there I need you guys to smash
alike though but yeah I say we get into
this actually way if I even said what
this video is and I have another
basically if you having trouble reading
the title guys this is gonna be a try
not to sing along challeng this is a
relatively new challenge that I did a
video on a few days ago and you guys all
freaking loved it I'm gonna be doing it
again right now obviously with a twist
which I just said and yeah basically
what this challenge is is it's a bunch
of catchy songs plays some of the most
popular songs and you have to try and
listen to them without singing along it
sounds easy but trust me it can get hard
if you listen to a lot of music now a
few things declare off in the last video
I made a few errors and got absolutely
roasted take a look at this Oh are the
songs the memories the memories I was
like eight at the time of thing but
still the memories that song was
released a year ago this is all quit
that means I am at nine years old this
summer even released a year ago guys I'm
eight years old no butters the guys
what was going through my head when I
said that I must have been thinking of a
different song obviously but yeah you
guys didn't take it lightly
and I don't want you singing it bloody
you mean and talking about yeah I've
just spotted the palm trees which is
dead it in the background which isn't
good yeah I've got my headphones these
are noise cancelling which is obviously
going to make the challenge even harder
for me literally like as soon as you get
these on you are now away from the
outside world you're into the challenge
you're into the music world I'm sounding
so freaking cringy right now but yeah
guys feel free to play along with this
challenge and tell me in the comments
section if you completed it also if you
don't complete it tell me what bit you
bailed out yeah there's probably gonna
be a forum at the end because I'm a
sucker for this stuff you know sometimes
you just sing along to them without even
realizing it can get hard trust me so
yeah play along with the video tell me
how it goes through in the conversation
below well yeah let's get started I'm
gonna try and find a bad video the last
time because in the last video you
haven't already seen it I've almost
completed guys I sang it like one song
so yeah I'm hoping to do it today but
yeah guys it's tricky it's a lot harder
than it sounds okay so the headphones
are there on guys they're now on my
headphones are out charge so I'm gonna
have to have to plug them in which is a
little bit annoying but yeah can we get
it can't find the hole don't want to
take my headphones off
get in there start start with the dirty
references Morgan I can't find the hole
oh no oh my god I think I'm just have to
take them off guy's eyes annoying okay
that there we go
there we go okay then here we go what's
let's find a video if you think about
this challenge sounds really really easy
you just listen to songs and don't sing
along like it sounds like you'd be able
to do it without even Shane but you know
it you could do if I literally sat him
just what what right I'd be able to do
it where's the fun in that it's a
challenge isn't it you got a challenge
yourself so I can't even if I do this
like mmm
that's it I'm out I can't dance I can't
like legit lie I'm in trouble here this
is gonna be really hard is it gonna be
an easy start let's let's find out
because
happy by Pharrell Williams
I believe I can't get the eyes wrong who
are you guys going to attack me again
but yeah this video this don't was in
the last video so you know I'm not I'm
alright with me okay I'm I'm quite an
old song so I haven't heard it that much
you know I'm obviously eight years old
so I haven't heard this one yet but yeah
sweet I'm okay I think we're okay guys I
think we're okay on what we've got
neither this one is very catchy but it
weren't in the last car like this I like
this this is a good song this but I
don't know the lyric I mean obviously
they're on the scheme right now but like
I don't know the lyrics by heart so I
think I can do this one the chorus
though enough to be careful here we go
it's the those bass this bit there that
is tricky
ah it's a good song this been the last
video so I'm alright but I like this
song
what am i doing I don't know that's not
dancing by the way I'm not classy nice
dancing but yeah I'm forget I can't even
home I can't even do anything with the
songs I just got to watch him oh okay I
like this I like this if I even like say
a word from the song does that count
I don't even know this one this is one
look I look like when it was fresh and
new violin listen to this in a while so
I'm up turn up my volume on my
headphones to make this even harder
it's the chorus on this one that is just
a mud one that bit there this bit here
nice not bouncing okay I'm just going to
say silk that's a normal so I'd be way
too boring
I haven't heard this in so long
this was my favorite show this icarly
and spongebob were the back another
time
they were good right you know if you
ever watch Drake and Josh or no it was
gone back in the day I'm saying back in
the day it wasn't even that long ago but
yeah this was really good that's love
Jesse
this is classic this is a classic what I
buy them on ooh mmm
Jesus okay this one this one was not in
the last video this one is freaking good
song this I'm sugar please say they
don't get to the to the chorus but that
me there is so catchy
oh okay thank God you got a little bit
and Taylor Swift you got a warm a bit of
Taylor freaking slammer some in my eye
okay that's a good distraction so no was
I dancing no no that's not dancing
that's not I'm oh I don't know there's
no specific rules I don't think that's
dancing
okay first video done whoa sweet okay I
don't think the hand signs are really
freaking dancing but like I think I
think we're all right there was a few in
there when I was close I knew you were
trouble is a very good song which
haven't heard in a while so sometimes
when you hear the old songs that you
were like a big fan of again when you
haven't heard them for a while it can be
really really tricky but yeah three two
one play Oh No
this video haha this song I like heard
in the last video and a Volusia added it
to the small 5 release latches it's a
good song again this one we've heard
several times
I'm alright I've heard this too much to
the point where it's going to be
annoying actually I can't say that
because all you guys are going to start
roasting me yeah okay
I'm playing that if they play the fast
bit that I literally can't even sing
along to her well rap God Eminem another
pretty good I'm saying pretty good
another very good song but it's tricky
to sing wrong too
I'm sure when guys wonder why I'm still
doing right now I'm struggling right now
okay I think it's yeah it's slowing down
thank God for not another one this was I
think this one was in the last video
this is a frickin trick you on there
some I'm lyin okay come on hit me with
your best shot aren't gonna I never
liked this song that much but it's just
frickin catchy in it oh not in my head
better not count as dancing because I'm
not having that
it's the next fit the listener yeah oh
no okay I think we're gay I'm cringing
so much you guys are public light he's
put it on it's hard trust me when you go
ahead is hard good song little flu think
it's absolute yeah it's just good the
flutes the good man okay what we got
next
this how about this this appeared a few
times but I don't know the words so
we're okay quick break to regroup
oh no okay it's already slowed ah this
is a good song I've knowed this in a
while
this is I like the song that song that's
the good bit
I think we're okay they're slowing them
down really quick oh I forgot about this
song this was Oh guys this is oh my god
I'm gonna this song in a few weeks
slow down thank you next song thank God
for that
Aven feared this too much like once or
twice oh all right
kites chuckling oh okay here we go next
song
okay they're only okay I'm all right
with this one I'm out with this one you
are human too aren't you
but I'm not bothered me because I'm not
gonna single onto you
I'm not oh yeah I bet getting all of it
yada now but I'm not gonna sing on me oh
this song oh
I'm shine lads they're only playing like
five seconds of the song so I'm alright
Oh lean on this is a banger this is all
like top charts and I'm struggling guys
it's typical white girl music that I
like but yeah okay I'm not gonna like
this song don't like this song I know
I'm not gonna whip because I'd probably
had about 10,000 dislikes on to the
video out of cringe yeah okay know about
some like it I like it not not enough
I'm I can take it but it's a good song I
like this song what we got then is I
dare you
good discussion but not enough to look
that they fainted away thank God for
that
okay oh yes um we did it I was the last
song geez if that was on for like ten
seconds long I would have gone I'm not
even joking hotline bling I stay still a
much qualified pilot to this day I love
it alright here we go a new video guys
last video and praying we can sit
through this one I think we'll be
alright but I think we'll be alright no
oh wait what the home it was almond was
that humming was that humming was that
um pause on the video was that humming
was at home it I'm actually gonna have
to watch back this footage you know
because I'm not sure if that was coming
or not literally wait am I share my
screen can I just show you something
right well this is me Spotify playlist
where is it where is it where is it
where is it where is it was it there you
go be it it's literally in my Spotify
playlist like that is honestly like such
a good song I'm gonna have to watch
about this voyage to see if that was
actually like humming or not oh no oh no
that has to count that has to count that
has to be humming doesn't it oh no I
screwed up badly I think that counts
does it count is how it has to count
doesn't it oh no damn it
I literally said third video I think
we'll be alright and then we got hit
with one of my favorite songs ever right
let's just do it let's just do the hot
sauce it's gonna have to be done so I
may as well just accept it
oh no
this isn't good oh well brilliant we
screwed out literally the last video
thumbs up for Morgan guys if you
watching to this point of the video just
literally do me a favor and leave a like
because I'm literally about to consume
hot sauce right I know the lie in pretty
dead in here but it's gonna have to do
because obviously the hot sauce is in
here this is the kitchen but yeah let me
show you guys what what we're dealing
dealing with in here because you're the
only hot sauce I have is a Nando's which
is down here this is the hot so yeah
this is going to be gonna be tricky I
don't know why I even have this my mom
has this for her I absolutely hate spice
i've gone for pretty decent sized spoon
guys this isn't a table snowy this isn't
a key spoon this is a tablespoon so yeah
it's gonna be tricky guys so yeah let's
just get this hot sauce and do it
honestly I'm not a spice guy I can't
deal with spice it just goes straight
through me so I'm probably gonna have to
go at the toilet after this I don't know
why I'm telling you this you definitely
don't hear well yeah okay let's uh let's
do this um oh god it comes out quick I
can't physically fit any more on there
guys it's literally full and he's get
into the mentality okay more than three
to ISO or engine just Oh Bruno Jordan
okay okay I need to start stretching
this okay free I'm after holidays like a
cop smell is free to wad
oh oh oh
first one all in one
oh my god oh my god it's all anymore
I need ice war needless whiny glass wall
you just 100 aah oh my god got red I'm
gone you can even though yo old Jesus
guys I'm in this hair leave I leave like
if you enjoyed guys subscribe for more
crazy stuff like this as always nothing
mocks you guys been awesome
I'll see you in my next video peace oh
oh god this is been horrible
