yo what's up guys welcome back to
another video now mods what are you
gonna be doing today you may be asking
I'm gonna tell you but first I need to
go and get a haircut because I don't
know if you can tell but the sides are
really really long so three two one
let's go okay guys on the way to the
hairdresser's right now this is what my
hair looks like before the court and
guys we are done I'm leaving the top of
actually I grow out guys with kind of
like falls back so yeah I'm in between
stars at the moment with the sides all
can clean this all good we're heading
back home now well yeah Wiles get my
hair cut my mom it just hit me up a nice
subway so thank you for that but we're
just heading back home now guys and as
soon as we're home
we'll get this vlog started hello guys
and welcome to the vlog those good good
hello guys and today I am eating a
subway yeah for real live chicken turkey
lettuce cucumber onion sweet corn and a
coke yummy yum yum let me eat this give
me a minute just finish the subway guys
very very nice now one we're gonna be
getting up to today you may be asking
I'm gonna tell you even if you asked or
not but yeah basically I have had so
many so many deliveries in the past few
days I've got this absolutely gigantic
box downstairs they were gonna open
along with loads of other stuff I want
to show you it's gonna be pretty cool so
guys today is gonna be a good day just
before we start guys hit a like on this
video down below let's aim for 25,000
like crazy goal as usual I think we'll
need like everybody watching this to hit
the laibach right now to get that also
subscribe if you're new turn on my
notifications but right now I'm getting
in the shower you guys should be able to
relate to this when you get a core and
you are so dumb eg literally I'm so
itchy right now so I'm gonna go have a
shower hopefully wash off all the hair
and I can actually stand there because
it's looking pretty dead right now I
need to get some need to get some stuff
in it oh yeah guys it's shower time okay
seriously guys this is not a drill can
we all just take a freaking minute to
appreciate how good my hair is right now
like this is mental but it's finally
getting to the style of women guys I
apologize if you don't like caring about
hair because that's basically all this
video has been a barf in the subway so
far but yeah one drive the of them
growing the top out and as you can see
it's finally kind of forming into the
way I want it and I love it guys tell me
what you think but yeah let's get
started and open some packages actually
shall we open them now shall we
I need to get dressed first but yeah
guys the shower was very very nice
thumbs up let me fill you in on how my
sleep schedule has been going through
these past few days will not even the
past few days this past week what I've
been doing is going to bed about 12:00
p.m. so midday and then waking up at
5:00 p.m. that's literally all the sleep
I've been gained and then staying up all
night working on videos right that's why
did kind of the night before doing this
basically long story short I haven't
slept all last night I was making a
video got it already point up today
which is great I wanna saw my sleeping
schedule so the only way to do that is
to either sleep for ages or stay awake
for ages and your boy marks show stay
awake for ages because I wanted to do
this vlog so yeah I'm very tired right
now keeping it low-key though but I've
got a lot of activities to do today so I
think I'll be okay I'm also going to my
dad's later and that's kind of exciting
for you guys cuz I don't usually get all
my dad's on camera and I think you guys
kind of enjoy it there kind of see in a
different space to usual rather than
just my usual mums room I guess if you
know what I'm saying but yeah today's
gonna be really really cool now I
haven't even filled you guys on like the
time or anything guys it's Wednesday
today and it's currently one o'clock as
I said it's been a really productive day
edited filmed and gone video ready done
my hair got caught which is always kind
of I can come I can can you be bothered
job had a shower or dress right now just
kind of slouching on my chair well yet
guys unless should we crack in some of
these boxers let's let's go downstairs
let's see what we've got to have a look
at because I think there's a lot of
stuff
woo I always show you my
when it's really tidy but I've never
really shown you when it's messy so here
you go it's not always as good as it
looks guys this is just mess all over my
desk but he played on there as mrs. Lee
I've just done that clothes all over
this isn't even top of all that she's
just random clothes we just sucked in a
bag this I don't know what's going on
here apparently look the palm trees been
sleeping next to me I don't even know
TV's not even straight these buttons
boxes everywhere water is that thing
doing yeah my room absolute kit boys I'm
not gonna live taking a quick Instagram
photo with my brand-new palm tree by the
way guys yeah you're probably wondering
what this palm tree is if you see my
last video you probably know you know
what why should I call and leave in the
conversation it's pretty cool though
standing out like five feet tall maybe
six it's probably six yeah it's six okay
guys I'm going now to have a look what
pot boxes boxes I'll translate packages
and boxers and Endre say nabo from go
and travel what boxes and packages we
have so yeah I don't know where they all
are links somewhere in the kitchen but I
believe somewhere down in the hall so I
don't usually go down here my videos
it's very cold and dark and I don't
think you can really see me right now so
let me get it a little bit let me get a
light on there we go okay you can see me
it's pretty cool down here it's freaking
freezing so I want to grab some of these
boxes take them upstairs
I think eyes for starters this one I've
already opened yeah I didn't know what
it was at first this is the first one
that came well yeah this is a mouse
course a mouse I think a lot this stuff
is as gaming gear and stuff this is for
my dad so I'm going to my dad's later so
I'm gonna drop it off you guys know all
about the sets put my dad's coming soon
I swear it'll be out soon guys trust me
I'm very very close I've been saying
that for ages but yeah we got a massive
box here which I believe is gonna be
more stuff my dad's lets us get it open
oh I don't want to can our God my pen
laughs over on me buddy bedside table
yeah buddy
oh boy okay yep we got more gaming got a
text got a text first of all whatever
all this stuff is look at it it's just
annoying
I don't want it yeah go away secondly we
got keyboard keyboard time boys unfairly
we got a mouse Matt Oh boxes everywhere
give me a minute I've got loads of stuff
I need to pull it down course sighs send
me out some of this stuff we'll all this
stuff from my room of my dad's yeah get
all these set up later when we go on my
dad but yeah cool sorted
sweet guys are you thinking what I'm
thinking I think we need to take this
box out with a bang let's do it three
two one now we'd even take out oh my god
yeah five three two one that's how you
take a box out in style
not much style but it's fun part from my
leg it really hurts why did I just do
that you may be asking honestly I don't
know the perfectly good box which could
have probably reused but no I just
kicked it instead and crushed it
I don't know guys seriously kids in
Africa could have eaten that box another
thing I just wanted to quickly say to
you guys is an absolutely massive thank
you because like think of this guy's
basically if you remember back like
early December I set myself the goal to
reach 1 million subscribers on this
channel by the new year by 2017 that
goal everyone was sane at the time like
it was a word not been happening with
the highest and hardest goal I've ever
set and I needed an absolute wonder mum
never said that before but I needed a
miracle in December to make happen yeah
and the miracle happened
I worked super too hard in December and
we hear a million on like December I
think it was like 2004 something with it
mud early and now it's just hear the
news a new month February so I was about
to say the same but I don't know hi yeah
it's just a February 1 month after 2017
side and boys will Ajith with that close
to 1.5 million not freaking Norse like I
didn't even think we're going to a
million by here by the new year and now
we're literally 30 days after the new
year
1.5 freakin million crazy guys thank you
all so much amazing support from you
guys as always you mean the absolute
world to me
yeah let's continue the vlog hmm it's
just driving me mad sure
what are you barking up we just got
Bruno down there just kind of just being
annoying
waiting this all I'm honorable of you
come on up
Oh guys so cute watch this guy's watch
this I've been teaching him some cool
tricks one of them is to catch food this
guy is getting pretty good eh I got a
little dog biscuit alright
okay Bruno don't walk me off too
you ready yet if you know three to one
no six right three two one it's just him
no what are you doing six three two one
oh I give up
you let me down you let me down one of
the things that's been kind of annoying
me at the moment is if I've left school
now I've got literally all the time in
the world I just want to go out and just
do stuff and just go places and just not
explore the world I just want to move
around and all that and I've got all the
time but the problem is I just don't
know where to go I don't know who to go
with I need a mate I need I need a
friend who wants to go fricken vlog with
me hit me up anyone out there
so I need stuff to do for these vlogs I
wanna vlog a lot more but literally I've
got a pretty boring life at the end
today I got a good life I freaking love
being a youtuber but I don't know why
it's a buddy go with you it guys help me
out here this is pretty serious comment
down below stuff I could do for blogs
places I could go things I could do
experiment DIYs legit comment some stuff
down below I'm going to be reading the
comment section and yeah someone with
you if you want to be mad at my friend
Timmy or just believe you're not this
guy's company yeah anything very good
you just kind of eat stuff all the time
she's pretty cute though huh haha she's
making my bed that's the way I repaired
thanks mom I'm okay alright guys check
this out I'm on Instagram right now I
don't know if you can tell I'm just
about to drop this picture and it's
basically guys look at this is caption
news memory the family standing proud at
6 feet tall comment why should call and
let me hear oh I've missed quick let me
hit share right now and bam there you go
posted on to my Instagram follow me on
Instagram go freaking follow me on there
what you doing it's more whitey mods
whitey and verified on there so you can
so you can you know see you see easily
as you can see I post some high-quality
photos very very nice yeah also go into
this photo right now
comment why should call my frickin palm
tree and I'll make my decision tell you
guys want to go with but yeah go on to
this post leave a like leave a comment
and tell me you came from the vlog and
then tell me what should call my frickin
palm trees we good we good let's see
what some people are are saying you all
comments what we got okay look at
someone you've got Jimmy Harry Kim
coconuts
Bruno Pedro Brook Timmy
Matty Fernando Smith tell me what you
think I should call him guys also if you
want to be really really cool go add me
on snapchat more Hudson and also follow
my Twitter should reach you it's not
jumpers right now i think i think we're
short snapchat
I'm currently vlogging right now as you
can see very very cool sweet just got
the phone with my dad guys let me run
you through the plan for today I'm
training plan for today I mean it's
getting on quite now it's already like
half four but yeah so yet basically at 6
p.m. in an hour and a half what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna go and play
football with my friends and then when
I'm doing about seven I'm gonna come
back to my mom's getting another shower
cuz I'll be really sweaty
thanks bring drug to me get another
shower cuz I'll be really sweaty you
know my dad's gonna pick me up me my dad
are gonna go have tea somewhere ow
and then I'm gonna go to his and spend
the night at his and yeah set up all
that stuff is it's gonna be awesome but
for now we've got an hour and a half to
kill got away from my videos upload then
go to football she'll be pretty cool
sweet alright guys it's been a little
while since I last vlog it's actually
just about to turn six I've got my video
scheduled for six but what else am i
doing at six you guys know I'm going to
play football so basically I'm just
about to self now I'm in my football
game believe it or not this is what I
wear to football just a frickin black
t-shirt with sleeves literally but ya
want to go football obviously I run
around a lot I get quite sweaty and I
get really really hot and stuff so
basically what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
give you guys a view before I go
football so yeah this is me before I
play football and this is me after
football guys I'm not really even that
swea out just stop playing like halfway
frogs I've really really badly hurt my
big toe on my left foot like it's been I
think I sprained it I like genuinely I
can't even walk on it like
actually really serious like not much
like stops me from playing football when
I'm at halfway through and it absolutely
kills I can only really walk on my heel
so I'm doing now is I'm running a bath
to try and soak it stay in that 5 15
minutes or whatever so my dad's coming
soon but honestly like this ain't good
it really really really freaking hurts
man so I've just got out of the bath
guys and like this is really really
serious like honestly I'm keeping it
low-key
I feel how freaky crying right now this
is honestly one of the worst pains I
think I've ever been in in my life and a
basically I'm just trapped put all my
weight onto my heel because obviously
it's just my toe is my left foot big toe
and honestly like I'm I think I really
do think it might be fucking like that
broken I've had loads of foot injuries
before I've had toe injuries before
usually after about an hour and a soak
in the bath they go off and I you can
fix me a feel I'm getting better this I
don't feel like it's got any better it
may have even got worse like honestly
yeah I'm keeping it low but I mean I've
had a freaking lot of pain right now
guys honestly yeah I'm walking around on
the heel which makes incredibly hard to
do stuff so yeah I don't really want to
go out tonight but I think I am and I'm
gonna see how I go if I can't I'm after
just go home early I guess but yeah I
think I'm gonna have to go to the
hospital or the doctor's or something
tomorrow because I really freakin do
think it's broken like any touching the
tale for just it just absolutely fucking
absolutely murders guys and yeah it
really sucks to be honest because you
know I mean I don't go out too much but
I love playing sport football I was
planning on getting more back into like
exercise go into the gym a bit more and
this is like I'm praying it'll get
better tomorrow just I'm praying I'll
get better like at least a week but
honestly like I'm I'm not too confident
anyway I'm gonna go upstairs now and do
my hair and see if I can go out tonight
I'm pray and I'll be able to but because
I was planning on seeing my dad and
everything which is what I wanna do in
that book oh it's annoying so annoying
guys I'll keep go dated though if you
can you might not do but I'll keep you
updated right so I've just done my hair
and unfortunately I can't go out for tea
literally my toe is just stiffened up
Luke driver's toys day's apps it's just
rock hard at this point is but
basically buddy Dwayne the rock Johnson
I'm trying make a joke the situation von
Spee is is it absolutely killing me I'm
still gonna get on my dad's bug can't go
out for tea unfortunately which sucks
but but yeah yeah it's annoying was
really annoying my toe it's absolute
like a nail honestly it's terrible oh
it's always gonna be alright I really
did I've just watched our last clip back
and has happened it really depressed
guys don't worry I'm gonna be alright
I'm hoping when I wake up tomorrow it
will be fine just a little bit kind of
down at the moment but good news is I've
just been on the phone with my dad and
it's gonna pick up a Nando's then come
pick me up to take it to it so we're
gonna be having a Nando's that's now
cheer me up guys I'm dad's a legend it's
annoying because today was going so damn
well and then just out of nowhere BAM it
just hits you in the face life life just
hits you in the face with it with it
with a big punch I think I'll be okay
though guys I think I'll be alright
anyway I'm gonna head off to my dad's
house now I can't really vlog like the
journey or anything I just want to get
there safely I'm gonna be taking a lot
of stuff I'll show you more when we get
there torch more when we get there but
for now I need to focus on just get into
my tights right so I am now at my dad's
guys just finished my mandos it was very
very nice but basically I'm in my dad's
room and that were my room and my dad
sucks probably the best way I say well
yeah you remember the room I've been
typing up braces my room of my dad's
basically we're working on right now the
finishing touches we're getting the
setup done mainly and I want to show you
guys but I want to keep the height so
I'm going to show you a little bit
without like revealing the room but yeah
look at this I can see right there we've
got all that all the keyboards and
Mouse's guys you're gonna get a quick
look three two one BAM oh my god but
yeah we're just working on the room
right now I I don't know how much we're
gonna get done today it's fairly late
I'm a little bit tired well I think I'm
gonna just sell buy the PC maybe I'll
just get it all kind of working and then
maybe set up tomorrow or something but I
want to get like the mountain up for
example and get all them little things
done cuz they're really easy guys check
this out just open the keyboard and the
about this thing freaking light so this
all lies so just need to get it
connected can't show you much more of
this but yeah keyboard all that a lot of
rubbish down there sweet fucking good
progress is happening browser I've just
played a game of Monopoly guys on the
new sector I don't I'm sorry I'm really
really sorry guys I can't show you
anymore but yeah now we're spawn gonna
have to zoom in really close to my face
so you can't see much of the background
well yeah honestly guys I'm really
really sorry about this the room tour I
know been hyping up now for so freakin
long but I want to get it perfect before
I drop the room tour in the game itself
tour because honestly this is the most
magnificent room on a setup ever like
krei it in my life if you thought my
mum's room looked good and neat get
ready for this guys when it drops one
video drops get ready for it watch it
share it around it's gonna be amazing
we're very very close we've got a PC
just a few things ready to do just got a
few more pictures to hang the note and
then just small things like that guys
it's gonna be amazing
but yeah guys this is where I am gonna
end the vlog if you've enjoyed remember
to leave a thumbs up on the video down
below and also subscribe to the channel
if you are new and turn and turn on
notifications down below by clicking the
little bell they'll be by the subscribe
button or if you're on your phone just
go onto my channel and click the little
bell so you'll be notified when I upload
so you can get there early and never
miss an upload guys check my other
social media Twitter Instagram snapchat
all links in the description and I
really really hope you've all enjoyed
the vlog guys as always I've been bored
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video peace out if you
enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe
the mugsy's janet i don't forget to say
good night
you have a CC me thanks for watching
peace out
