we're gonna buy a supercar with pennies
today with the chance to pick all the
way I thought the carbs for me mum I've
already bought you a car
what you gonna do with another one but
Morgan I don't mind having another one
maybe notice before we begin the video
I'm gonna give you guys five seconds to
subscribe to the channel unlike the
video is even possible to do both those
things in five seconds I can't even
answer the question in five seconds
Morgan so I don't know I almost think I
know what your favorite calling my
favorite would be I've got to a lot
longer Gigi neighs white Lamborghinis
and Ally black through farhat through
Rory for artis yeah bye hey guys here's
the thing if we're gonna be fine in a
supercar with penny I don't know if you
gotta understand how many pennies that
actually is
in a pound the 60 pennies so that means
that in ten pound there's 600 pennies
and in 100 pound or six million pennies
and and that means that in a super
Carver's there's a this seventy four
trillion pennies wrong yeah I definitely
shouldn't have dropped our school should
I know you know what you say about going
on a quick trip to the bank let's go
come on
are you coming yeah come on okay so we
have arrived guys were parked down there
we've got two suitcases and no I'm not
going on holiday these are what I'm
gonna be using to transport the pennies
from the bank to the car and then home
guys but here's the thing this is gonna
be a lot harder than we expected I came
prepared with a team of trained
professionals these are two of the
strongest specimen in the world who can
lift your steel look at that look at
what can you lift it no okay well you
can't do you think we're gonna be able
to do it did you drop it on your phone
oh my gosh I think I should have maybe
brings a bad team
guys we have so many bags these are like
20 pounds and they literally weigh more
than me guys I don't even know if we're
gonna be able to move the car after we
get all of them in literally come on you
can do it you can do it
yeah this is hardly looks everybody drop
a like on the video right now this is
ridiculous if you don't like the video
y'all just straight up me this is more
work than I've ever done in my entire
life I swear I wish you were like with
the other boys with muscles yeah well no
I'm not crowd for this type of work nope
you can clearly see it's just not for me
today well I'm not worried anymore cares
now so what are students like six and a
half hours later oh my god guys we are
home we're at the first bunch of pennies
and guys we severely yes severely
underestimated how many pennies we would
actually have guys we had that many that
the car wouldn't even move like we
physically couldn't even drive the car
wasn't because it's the pen is what was
that because of all that take away that
Kirika I mean yeah I was I was hungry I
did a lot of lifting you know carrying
carrying the one bag that you carried so
yeah guys we need a change of fun or
something because we have so many
pennies I think we're gonna get some
wheelbarrows and extra bags and all this
stuff
how many why won't you guys see do is
comment down below how many pennies you
think we have right here I don't know
how many is but it is oh I can
there are pennies in there hi mom she's
she's going to sleep okay guys so it is
the next day right now and as you can
flip into a bit of a change of location
we've got loads of pennies we've got
some wheelbarrows and we've just arrived
at the Porsche we're gonna be buying a
supercar with pennies now guys one more
time if you're new here and you haven't
already subscribed what the hell are you
doing you cannot see this level of
epicness anywhere else and also this new
merch is dropping on the four-team of
July guys so if you have no any god that
broke down in your nose get it wrote
down so you don't forget boys and girls
it's dropping
it's not vulgar it's not playground
Multan take this door instead coming
I've got to show you this car it's
absolutely amazing
have you found one you like already
already mom you've been here for like
two minutes
it's oh wait wait wait
is it this one back here yeah wow this
is so nice are you serious honestly mom
I just I only have three words for you
right now I love it
honestly why get a big one when you can
just get back what's the one problem
it'll only fit one it so those it's mine
then I'm gana no no it's either mine or
we like to get a bigger one
Morgan it's just you know no it doesn't
suit you you look bad we're gonna have
to get bigger world do that's the big
one
yeah definitely Oh oh my oh my gosh
oh hi gorgeous oh gosh you're not gonna
believe our Despard this is literally
the nicest thing I've ever seen come
here look at this drink three drinks yo
can we come here more often screw the
car there's so many pockets Morgan no
one will know keep it quiet
they were mine yeah pull me a coffee in
your pocket for later
mom yeah they have honestly like for
real is this Morgan is it free awesome
mom
yeah Wow I'm gonna go for it's a little
brainer gold signature but he's dropping
14th of July guys remember why I get
this once you get one of these oh my god
mom look at this
they've got suitcases suitcases
smokin I know that's amazing they've got
suitcases but I thought I'm sure oh yeah
you know I say cause I've come to buy a
car oh yeah not just that you could have
reminded I'm reminding you now
Morgan what are you doing they pretended
to drive
no I can drive her if you can't drive I
can't look you don't drive like that
Morgan you need to pass your test
otherwise I have addressed you I'm 16 oh
god no they won't move Morgan
what we're doing
you just under Porsche to see smoking
could we just look at the car back there
I thought it was a car okay I got
confused Morgan I'm really worried about
you I really am come on let's look at
some cars I'm just like really confused
I want that one you want that one
yep that's the one yep you want that one
okay that one that's certain yeah you
want that one okay is it that one what
that one and when my mom let me guess
let me guess
yep and then even on sale I just can't
decide Morgan oh God I don't what's up
that steering wheel that steering wheel
or that steering wheel it's just so
confusing
steering yeah that feels that feels
bumpy I just don't know Wow with every
Porsche you get free curtains that's
amazing oh my gosh I love that color I'm
gonna all the curtains in it and
you can even get some free golf clubs
with it I never played golf buy one
soldier to me oh my god I can't believe
it guys Morgan's made some new friends
let's go meet them hi Morgan we got some
new friends Morgan Morgan I could tell
it's you even though you're not moving
well good I do it wish you I'm her who
are you
I'm Morgan I was that's that's just a
mannequin oh I thought that was you
no oh okay on a real note though when we
do need to pick one so which one's it
gonna be if you ask me I think this one
just jumped out at me as soon as you
walked in here yeah
it's massive so is this the one we're
going for yeah definitely that one
definitely that's definitely yeah we're
gonna have to go and find some help
Julia magic do your magic Morgan I got
this
hopefully I'm molded so basically I have
came into this establishment today
because I want to purchase a Porsche
have I came to the right place okay
we've came to the right place that's a
good start now to be honest I just had a
few questions about this motor firstly I
just wanted to check is it fast real
fast no problem great okay it's a good
start
it is fast does it have four wheels
mainly at the corners
I always tell the truth it does huff but
I did say before we set off that I
wanted a three wheeler do you remember
oh this dude doing dentistry real ones
no we do for your free wheel washers I
still think I'd go for that one even
though it's got four yeah an extra wheel
I could my next question is obviously
this is the Porsche it's got four wheels
this fast
can I driver I am twenty five to thirty
seven yeah yeah yes yes yeah got the
facial tattoo not quite look why that
but it's something we can sit in it
consistently sit in it you know what
that is in a wide-open uniquely Drive
just put it on the drive come open it's
automatically opening on its own okay
thank you
why is the retire in it Morgan remember
would pick a pick the top one over there
for the steering wheel could we have one
of those things can we get one of those
over there as the steering wheel
on this dude it really does a great job
does it send the wheels will turn your
wheels okay that's a good thing that's
Wow I feel confident in this you know I
feel like I can definitely drive it well
now the main question I wanted to ice
the game changer for me obviously I'm a
young lad driving is call an engine
sotae like we all have four wheels you
don't have to have it but the one thing
you do have to have in a car in my
opinion is a cup holder yeah so like we
go to McDonald's all the time and you
know what's the deal where's the cup
holder bro Morgan what - it's the one
you have the mere weight oh oh
is there any finished boat we'll take it
we'll take it oh my goodness you know I
wasn't sure it would have been it would
have been about seven out of ten yeah
now it's a 17 it's got everything with
the car well you know what let's make
this simple and quick I've got the goods
in the car I'll go down right now and
then we can get the paints all this
fabulous come on guys just like that two
wheelbarrow loads of pennies we got way
more in the car they're gonna go and buy
this Porsche using only one the coins
this is gonna be crazy guys one more
time if I'm an artist subscribe don't do
it let's do this movie excited it's so
excited heavy mold I got it all right
you can do it strong there's a Porsche
stay you worked hard for the pennies
we can all get the other one it's not a
coin I know you didn't think it was
enough yeah he doesn't know and we've
got more we've got more in the car
I saw Matlock you gave me but don't
worry you have a lot more where that
came from
that's only two we've got low got wakes
when we could we tell the car Morgan got
the car keys
we don't do cash what what what is Leigh
oh it's real what I don't do cash it's
oh no won't transfer but this is no rage
Morgan what did I say to you do you mean
this is my voice said to you just pay
pay on the card I don't think we have to
go to the bank and all these pennies
sell them again
Noel doesn't much say they don't take it
you should've chat yes possible you
should've checked but this is crazy more
every night to the car real cash
what do we do now transfer from the
bangle well-salted for let's get this
way we can sort the car yes we can sort
the car but what do we do with these now
if you go to the coast you can do really
one of the machines yeah that's a good
idea
actually I've got a better idea how
would you like to get yourself your
problem now yeah okay by the moon
honestly thank you for well you know
you're welcome it's been a we'll be off
man well they've started
they've taken my car I'll just have to
get a taxi a few moments later okay so
mom finally arrived home but taxi took
you long time thanks for that Morgan I
can't believe you just left me well I
thought you were gonna walk so EQC yeah
I was going in the car and look driver I
don't see why you have to be in that
well anyway anyway
oh no we're about to go for the first
drive ever in the new Porsche but before
we do that more mckinney rev Rev you
didn't say that why would I come on come
on that's what we like to hear
and mom how about we bring back
something classic to the channel
something we haven't done in a long time
are you thinking what I'm thinking no
I've got no idea what you mean
okay so seeing as we have a new car I
feel like there's something we just need
to play okay think about it
don't know don't spoil it no burn you
don't have to christen the car with that
no I'm Dan and I'm his date herself
congratulations you played yourself 6
p.m. tomorrow is the death
clean you know what Morgan I'm gonna
make my own district on you comment down
below this couple and also as well as
the classic mortem um district I think
there's something else we need to do
when we get a new car Manolos mom new
car but still the same old drive-thru
we're humble are we we like um I don't
know us so mom's already got car I can't
even drive and you guys are probably
like not who the hell is this car even
for now why wouldn't you guys to do is
comment down below who you think we
should give the car to here is old
enough to drive however she won't take
her test
Martin's Gaga is kind of bad so we could
give it to him we could give it to mom
but she's already gone car so you really
need it I suppose I don't really need it
but do I want it
Oh should I just keep it to sit in in
the driveway should I give it to one of
you guys subscribe to the channel right
now and comment down below if you want
the car and maybe I'll give it to one of
you guys I don't know I don't even know
I want to do with me oh one last thing
guys just a quick reminder that these
gold signature embroidered limited
hoodies are gonna be dropping on the
14th of July if you haven't already told
your parents they need to get you this
merch it's only dropping for one week
it's gonna be super exclusive it's gonna
sell out so make sure they're ready on
Saturday the 14th of July to copy this
merch because this is the hottest merch
I've ever released and I want all you
guys to be able to wrap it and it looks
very nice again seatbelt well you took
the words right out my mouth it does
indeed subscribe if you're new join Team
oil drop a like on the video and as
always
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video
peace out
