let's see figure Woodstock Idaho to me
all the day I was scrolling through
Amazon as you do and since I bought an
absolute load of all these a while ago
I've been getting some really really
weird stuff recommended to me I saw this
thing called wobble but what I've done
you know that is going to be a silly
kids toy but I looked at the description
for it and it's supposed to be the
world's most durable bubble show you
know me I was pretty intrigued so what
did I do
I went a moron this thing is manual like
something that I've just got a toy the
rules but I think it's gonna be pretty
awesome apparently what this thing does
is it plays to my free book so like this
thing goes huge and then apparently it's
my adorable so as opposed to Vegas and
they say the world's most durable bubble
so in essence this thing should be
really really hard to break you guys
know me I like a challenge so what we'll
do we do it in this video I'm gonna be
seeing if we can break the world moved
or a bubble and using a bunch of
different objects to try and bring this
if we got one of these things I probably
should have ordered a backup by doing so
well you're not gonna share this video
give us guys hopefully we don't break
after like one minute because that would
be very empty climactic shout out I'll
be behind the camera bro it's going on
here
I'll take a jacket I'll be happy why
should they smash on this video but I
shall of pressure of it I've come
prepared I'm thinking thirty thousand on
one if I catch this you have to leave a
like I think you're meant to catch it if
I catch this they like many haters would
say it's fake no it's a bubble inside of
here a bubble for so we wanna be
when we open this so I'm going to go and
get like my smallest knife so we can be
precise when I was in this box guys
we've got to be really really careful
here oh boy we got the pull which we're
obviously gonna use to pump
oh well duh oh my god your is really
light that does not sound child-friendly
you smell there in high school
instructions which we show need we
should probably move this because legit
don't play with our kids I know I'm kind
of on a kid but just don't play with
them anyway push it kick it squish it
sounds love like you think I got it in
that's what she said that's what she
said bro what bro what what do we do
only read about batteries your nose way
did they not include batteries for D
size batteries not not not included you
could pump up yourself with your mouth I
know you like blowing things but I don't
think this is gonna work I don't have
any D size batteries how can them not
include batteries that is absolutely
criminal who the hell uses D size
batteries like I don't you ever ever
used a D side battery in my life
well slight change of plan now is too
late to go out and get these batteries
we'll get it all done tomorrow okay is
now the next day I am running
unlike no sleep I might like four hours
is hard like 15 but yeah guys thanks to
my moment showing out and got me some
batteries so we now have home a fever we
have a VTEC Huber ready to pull this
thing up for real I can't wait I'm
actually excited we've been messing with
this for like 30 minutes non-stop oh
yeah we turn it on now I'm gonna have to
put this down
this can go I'm moving the pool anymore
look at Jesus thing's massive
very scared it's gonna explode in our
faces Tennessee spoilers day
Oh God admire this thing oh my god yeah
I think we can get a more you know what
guys here's a white one if we should do
and put more after this thing if you
ain't it did it yeah okay you pitch it
let's go
it feels really nice so much he's scared
for not sure you hope you have life
insurance that kind of flush we just
can't see you for real this thing is
like bigger than me yo let's do a little
bit more what
Kieko we don't wanna die okay okay okay
I think I think that's big enough now
you're going to seal its just superb
look at this thing look at the size of
it we should probably move the table
we'll get rid of it we should move this
table yo guys can we just take a minute
- little you said my house eat this
thing is like what I don't know one can
compare this into the looks like I mean
maybe a bubble it looks like a bubble a
bubble boy
a huge ball yo jobra we put this to some
test should we do a basic punch test I'm
feeling it I don't really strong so no
please devise this one if you brakes I'm
going to feel very good about myself
kicked ass gopher I'm going to volley
rather look at me ow
imma kick your turn little k-11 ya know
you're everything yet let's get some
random objects and see how this goes up
against them we go over the dead which
one of them or Allah Jesus power
straight off it let's go to slow-mo
replay oh my goodness yo he just bounces
straight off your back
wait can I fix the door with this hat
molds and a big bubble boy I don't think
it's gonna work oh that's surprising
from this angle it looks like a brush yo
let's go grab this oh my god oh this
could be hilarious right so we've got
Bruno down there as you can see he's the
ball
she was so relaxed to it he does not
look interested absolutely I'm sure we
closing in our scaredy backing off very
scared of this thing are you trapping
them in a corner
it's tough real job legit trap haha
alright come on Bruno this is Lydia
bully and I think we should let him out
let's try and take it outside
oh no I think we've got first hold of it
I don't wanna push it too hard
don't show me sharp objects out here
they could just I think bring keys imma
take it back inside yeah any for this
checking this body sideface
shake and go for it okay don't be dairy
stuff three two one are you gonna call
the door handle it go glowy sofa with a
ball no how is this ball still coming we
met with another problem for some reason
oh how is it still survived
reckon I should go ahead and jump on it
okay a bit too far one of you can
explode I don't think it'd be the ball
the ball is in position I don't think it
knows what's about to happen analytics
fear this thing if they survive the
sphere then I don't even know there we
go three two one
ready try again I was connected four
three two one I believe I can try
that is not breaking for the warleggan's
football though way too dangerous in my
room it's actually like trash now come
on
what I was going to start the video oh
yeah I am a tip from the bullies oh
Jesus okay let's take this back
downstairs because my room blower I
don't want anything else okay volley
through the door you ready
and we took me five tries
I think it's time we bring out the big
guns
and no I don't mean these because these
aren't quite big yeah how many eggs can
we fill this thing yeah this is a great
idea oh you're going to quite hard why
is this just withstanding everything man
but we still are in any of it this
thing's our actual daddy just not doing
anything I wanna kick off directing you
can do 405 oh I'm having one so you know
it's not too bad I'll give you that one
your pineapple maybe dress can we just
drop a pile up on a party guys so I
read the instructions and said keep it
away from sharp objects like spikes and
stuff this pineapple is literally just a
big spiky thing so this doesn't bring
Wesley picking which started a pineapple
what no in the spiced pears
spice first
how is it still standing i'ma throw it
onto the pineapple what do we do
Hannah a hammer bro it's not a big
hopper not gonna lie
your back on this 300
what do you mean we did it I didn't
matter the boom look at it yeah I was
thinking if I freaking slug you Hannibal
come break it what cool at the end of
the day the hammer came to the rescue
guys this is what you get
tributes that in the first piece as well
yeah this video could have been like
warming it lock you but I just use the
scissors but when the putting up the
hammer at the end of the day this hammer
time because we just smash this thing up
you're not gonna break it
I apologize well that is the end of this
video guys if you enjoyed your men to
leave a like rating on the video down
below it was yesterday so I legit have
never clue I realize we are stuck for
this video I think is it with a 35 I
think it was
regardless leaving like on this video
also check out our P we did actually
film a video on his channel which will
be on it went up a few days ago but I'll
leave a link to that in the description
below go watch that remember to
subscribe down below and as always I've
involved you guys been awesome and I'll
see you in my next video peace out if
you enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to mugsy's channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis
it's these aha
