the police just do not like me for real
these guys aren't under anywhere do you
mind
another day another blog guides you now
is today is another day in the life of
Morgan today we're out here in London me
and until this six foot four monster
there's gonna be some other youtubers in
this video I'm gonna go meet with some
others later on but yeah right now where
are we is ill London are perfect London
archway route we had to come here
because this was the only Premier Inn so
yeah we're away from everything right
now we're gonna go shopping again today
we haven't decided way if you saw the
last one you'll know how nice the room
looks we've made an absolute tip but
yeah we're just getting ready to leave
the room right now it is 12:00 and we
got to be out here by 1:00 so we got
about an hour but yeah guys we will
legit on the eighth floor you can see
how high we were however this window
can't be open so it's a little bit
annoying so guys you know what time it
is a deal how many likes should they
smush on this video well if you're a
true Morgan fan do a leave it like right
now when you get very fat and likes on
this video a thousand likes guys eyes a
pretty mud like gold but as he said if
you're to support go down there hit the
like button turn on notifications we got
on get a call to my headphones I've got
these connected from Bluetooth can you
hear that guys where I've just chucked
on a jumper that I bought yesterday to
chime like free up some more space in my
bag it's a tight squeeze my bags already
pretty full got paying two more days
into it but yeah I think we're ready
ideally early I'm ready
I think ready to go but just leaving the
hotel right now guys go into the lifts
then we need to find out where we're
gonna actually be going today here we go
in Central Park I think we going
essential guys will the legit my hair is
a mess boy your calves today she's gonna
have to be bad you have to port with it
and put it on my face in this one you
got one I'm going this one brings
whoa okay I was out of order yay I went
just exiting now guys legit we don't
know where to go really I mean we never
where we are but it's like like 20
minutes from like central London so now
I think we're gonna get a new verse
looking like a very gloomy day today you
can see the sky literally just wide but
yeah we're waiting for the ubirr we've
requested it about two minutes ago
freaking cold guys out I've got three
layers on five premiere in and also guys
tell me in the comment section if you
enjoying these ones I'm time it's them
in to my normal content and I know
they're a little bit different normal
concept I am really really enjoying
vlogging so tell me if you're enjoying
them oh I just tripped over and if
there's any feedback you want to give me
anything you think could do better just
tell me in the comment section
right so without the you but we're now
on Regent Street shout out to our uber
driver yeah he gave us a were victims
original sweet what a guy literally that
man that my favorites are really good
but yeah
we're looking for places to shop we want
to sit down in like a cafe there was
something because I'm absolutely
freezing guys is colder than we thought
dinner day it was my boyfriend
haha what we got then why you game okay
not rosy not even an English garden
waiting for the food we've ordered we're
doing a little bit of editing
why the hell not boys boys boys boys
boys boys boys boys boys boys food is
here Adele what did you go for arrabiata
I think it's cold yeah okay I went for
spaghetti bolognaise you have never seen
that before very original we're going to
enjoy this it's going to be good finish
with the mains the deal is now having a
nice hot chocolate my saying is a good a
good isn't a teller I think I say yes
he's going to teller hot chocolate I've
got a little bit ice cream
it looks quite anticlimactic when you
when you look at that legit they
couldn't have filled this up anymore my
goodness right so we're leaving pretzels
very very very nice meal prep those
preserves I don't know whatever you can
cop announce anything at the moment but
yeah spend 36 pound between the two of
us so we went a little bit crazy I've on
another upon another jumper I've got
three layers right no wait one I've got
four layers on guys my legit it's
freezing out here
oh yeah guys this is where we are right
now
heading on to Regent Street it's looking
pretty good Tumi's buildings a madness
but yeah it's very busy as you can tell
now cheeky all deal and yeah here we are
look at this bloody madness you don't
get anything Sheffield look at this
place it's actually Marin this is legit
the biggest Apple store ever is I want
to be probably with when it goes
yo guys so basically we're supposed to
be me and someone else today Alfie
literally we've been waiting for him for
about 20 minutes right even more than
that for little about an hour he's so
late and we're like we try to find where
is right now so we can meet him or you
can come to us we'll be texting yeah
he's been to two pram on chairs which is
where we are now legit neither of them
where we all grab an absolute nightmare
we're hoping to me or them soon if we
can actually find it with yeah with a
side I'm Wang Zhi such a posh name and I
don't like it I just moving up and I
like it now say something I'm giving up
on you
Oh leaving Pratt a deal's mom does not
like you know how can you say like oh no
I'm gonna be Jujubee I'm not watching on
camera comment down below
guys guys guys guys watch I can watch
Jack come on Jack in this entire outfit
yeah I'm gonna buy this right now
because I think tell me what you think
in the college eyes I like the house to
look out be this guy
it's so like socially in them what are
you doing look good anyway
well you how can you become a shy as a
YouTube that's like saying I'm a baker
but I don't like sugar okay so big boys
were so famous YouTube we got caught
shopping these sports director clothes
what are you doing now you're the one
who wanted to come in here all the
gloves though you wanna clue that I've
got gloves on so why would I need to
come in here you don't need to seven
carry you when it comes I'll just like
boom fire parently there's a waggle
mummers on this road right so we're just
walking to find it but when I haven't
much loss don't notice it's legit
absolutely freezing though like I
buckled by the way I'd ever tell you I
had to go to force our water in there
and actually did buy some books because
I'm literally it's honestly it's like
that wallet colors oh we found it okay
there we go
three foot you 12 hours why is this
downstairs so downstairs one yeah sweet
Coolidge it on the ground
we have to water fire boys food has
arrived look at I I can wake mama all
the time you guys know chicken cattle
over something like a mother's what'd
you get what'd you get what'd you get
makes it like outside maccaption Carrie
oh boy okay
finish the food I was very nice after
finish Adil show the Yuval wood he's
fairly even made like a mark on it my
walk around we're gonna be here all gold
leaving while your mama's right now very
very nice meal your deal why attend food
rating are ten five five five bro I'll
fill out the outfit food Reagan utter
eleven eleven oh that's original never
sour know this is always do when you're
a vlogger you film things Maude pizza
food a new slide youtuber excuse me can
you beat my YouTube video oh sorry no
the older Josh that's the please to be a
man to be my youtube video and I got
rejected by the police Bell knob in a
good time here mother
the police rejecting me could you be my
YouTube video Oh
the police just do not like me for real
these guys don't have any we're thanking
Madison absolutely right so we have now
left a deal me and I'll be basically at
even Philly guys on what's going on but
we are walking to st. Pancras right now
because we're going others coming back
to mine today because tomorrow we're
recording videos I'll tell you more
about it when we get home but yeah right
now we're Kings Cross station and
basically we're getting the train to
Sheffield outfits coming into it to my
end I can't say that I can't say that no
for real its fake I don't leave the
house my only friend
yo heat motion he's crazy he's a green
screen car I'm a good editor I've been
working on that in a bit recently and
I've actually got to the point working
editing a friend madness I wish I could
do that
how does it change any so time rola Jeb
we gotta build two videos tonight yeah
that's that's not very encouraging that
is not will be I will be right where we
are right of the train journey has been
done two hours that was we're both quite
tired
Winchester feel right now we're going
home then I'll tell you guys a little
bit more about what we've done today
when we get home and I want to show you
some of the stuff I bought because I
bought some pretty nice clothes I think
want to show them to guys but yeah we're
just going home right now
train journey done though two hours that
was pretty long right so as you can tell
when our back in my room yeah literally
guys think recording one video tonight
and then tomorrow we go up to Sheffield
we caught some football videos I don't
know if I'm new on to my channel yeah it
should be fun guys but yeah basically
let me show you what for today we've
been a pretty sick day good good few
days I'm saying like it's a weekend but
it was legit it was just like a
Wednesday today in a Tuesday yesterday
we're good a few days I mean let me show
you what bought over the past few days
obviously you know bore them headphones
yeah they're pretty cool and for the
close guys I've showed you any of this
this right here I've ever camo John
paradise was quite nice and then this
went with its kill like the displayed in
the shop as the outfit so to start pick
number four as the actual full outfit
and then yesterday I bought this from
from like top man or something really
really cheap and then here is a nice
hoodie black and grey you can barely see
it the line off the line is kind of off
point in this room but yeah just some
things I thought pick a while with a
little bit shopping get some stuff on
there so I actually made the trip kind
of not pointless anyway that would break
it was absolutely terrible anyway you
guys this is what I am gonna end the
vlog I really really hope you have
enjoyed if you enjoyed Ram to leave a
like Alfie Romney why should they smash
this is the out she'll show me the city
I'll show to you had two likes per
person you know go get a second account
get another account leave to light now
that's going too far guys you know what
I'm saying
leave a like check out all my social
media in the description below snapchat
Twitter Instagram you guys should know
how is by now I promote them in like
every video but yeah hope you've enjoyed
the blog subscribe if you want more
leave a like check out my other social
media and that's about it so as always
I've been bored you guys been awesome
and I'll see you in my next video peace
out if you enjoyed the video then
remember to subscribe
the mugsy's channel I don't forget to
leave a like if you have a big penis
these are
