good morning everybody so today's a
Tuesday and it's currently 12 a.m. now I
need to get him ever move on because
today I'm off to London and to meet some
other youtubers we're gonna be doing a
bit of shopping and I think I'm also
staying over going into tomorrow as well
so it's gonna be awesome
but before we do anything I need to get
ready so can give me a few minutes
shower time okay my bag and I think I'm
already more irides sweet I'm coming I'm
currently in the car with mom and
basically let me explain to you the plan
for these next few days so right now 20
pass Warner I'm heading off to the train
station and then basically I'm gonna be
at London for half-free today I was
gonna do some shopping around London and
then we're gonna be staying over I think
we're just gonna get like a cheap
Premier Inn because I'm meeting some
youtubers down there and I thought why
not
vlog these next two days but yet right
now we're off to the train station and
you guys know how it is more than how
many lights should be smashed on this
video 25 25
you know um I mean 25 not 25,000 25
okay 25 likes guys guys smash body
powder
marker love boom
then everybody really noisy
we've arrived a London st. Pancras now
believe it or not I do up one or two
hello are you outside the station I
thought you were meeting me of a
platform wait outside the station yeah
way outside the station I'm coming to
you
okay so we've arrived now in wonder of
metal with friend
I've actually got friend guys this isn't
this isn't photoshopped this he's mad at
us he's paid me to volunteer I can trust
you
there you go see it's a real person guys
I found a friend miracle anyway now in
the way we're waiting for another friend
of mine
he's gonna be orange
hi Nando's behind-the-scenes tears the
light is a vlogger hey we see in messing
with camera and filming people in public
Adil and taking on parcels towering
spicier but oh nice Jen you know even
back to climate change and scorned half
a chicken shit okay slide on the walls
there we get with white white that then
I must why's that then both ageism
firing okay that was very nice thing the
spinach until he got a salad as well
right look he's leaving all of that how
can you do like I'm not think of getting
us in children that you that could have
a tea in that food right then we've left
Nando's and now we're going shopping hi
to everybody looking at me
I've may look weird right now yeah okay
basically what Nando's I was very good
now we're going to shop in in Oxford
Oxford Street I seriously don't walk to
get the launching outfits when your
baggage I've never seen camera before
you basically getting the underground to
Oxford Street to go do some shopping
so we made it we're now in urban
outfitters because we are over and yeah
we are now looking for some clothes
hi guys we're not win more win most
men's room is yo so remarks and Spencers
right now this place has got five before
coming here I want some headphones yeah
actually it's not full is it Bryce I'm
Chyna the noise cancellation on the
other bus to buy them yeah y'all I can't
hear anything
I'm sorry for combined sorry I think
your camera Burt
sorry y'all so we're leaving the store
and now going down the escalator jit
they just asked us to leave us were
filming in there anyway guys we're
leaving now I'm recording even though
the best not to but you know they've
already kicked us out to screw it yeah
we've got kicked out of Marks and
Spencers and I was legit gonna buy
something too so go on do it
John John Lewis we just got kicked out I
was going to legit buy something yeah
but the kick does are so screwed up I'm
gonna get somewhere else
we're in Debenhams now hopefully this
time we don't get kicked out but yeah
we're just all about some clothes and
have a good time from paints that way
let's really go in the wide angle bit
that oh my god this
yo so we're gonna copy right now I'm
literally just to load in my video so
one needs sit down tweet it out and all
that stuff but yeah loading a video
which you probably already seen if not a
link in the description but just sitting
down then we're gonna go shopping
let's go down the proper way up the
escalator because we're very well
behaved unlike Benjamin Morris just
going down the escalator control menace
you're a menace so we're back outside is
literally freezing and very noisy so I
have to shower everybody yeah so yeah
basically on the hunt for more things to
show won't even buy anything yet legit
not one of us has bought anything yet
we've been in like five choppers we've
had a Nando's as usually it we cannot
end this trip on Justin Nando's
so I'm in Selfridges right now just in
the electronics but I want to buy these
freaking headphones right I'm gonna buy
them but this place is literally not
look at this legit these are like the
new TVs then Matt one of those videos
okay yeah you know imagine you've got my
dad tells me I'm adopted on there my mom
tells me I'm adopted on there oh yeah I
think that's pretty good you know right
you guys go look at this TV look at this
see the receiver that is criminal which
is genuinely it's that big it's that big
oh you've been showing 18 grandma-- why
don't you buy it
oh that's mental this place is genuine
crazy what's going on over here
Jesus that's a speaker like what this
place is freakin crazy
ultimate game insert 2017 and on the
ride
all right so finally what something
literally been out like two hours just
for one thing these two I mean for
anything yet what boys where we off to
now we're actually unfuck birthday to be
on this I got my one drink all day we
are made a purchase after like two hours
brothers what Selfridges now we're just
off to added ice there's a little added
are shown there's no one is a shot from
Sheffield
you see mom before
was that a we left handed us legit come
find anything to buy we're now going on
underground again because been where we
going
Shepherds Bush whatever that is a panel
is a shopping center so guys we're now
in Westfield on it you can tell this is
a big shopping center we're just looking
down I want to get frozen yogurt because
then say is it really nice I like him
anyway but yeah hopefully fit in a lot
of their shopping it's getting a little
bit late I think me and a Dilla gonna
stay over in London and then I'm gonna
stay for tomorrow as well obviously then
we're gonna get hotel but yeah we're I'm
decided yet anyway we're shopping now
I'll keep you guys updated on what we
get off sale what we're just heading to
the frozen yogurt which I simply it's
just over there this is what I decided
to go with original yoghurt mango
marshmallows bombs off from me imma eat
this frickin demolish it looks very good
you know you know smoke should be paying
me for this not yoga while I'm promoting
the money with promoting the sponsor of
this stuff good though brill this looks
good right so guys we worked then he
went home with me and a deal right
basically what we're doing is we're
staying right so with 9 o'clock right
now 9 p.m. and it
and there's a film on the 5i mine which
were going to be watching Russia we got
now more shopping then we watch them to
buy my man
then I like midnight I'm gonna head to
the hotel it's all booked gonna be a
good night
just been in top man got like three
things literally all day he got one
thing then went in top man got breathe
bigger things I show you them all when
we get back to the hotel but yeah
basically we got about 45 minutes to the
film so we're just gonna chill my hair
is looking just just literally dreadful
guys legit enough to get shower when we
get to the hotel just like try and do it
tomorrow some I don't know but yeah
we're looking for places to go okay so
we've left Westfield right now we're
just heading on to view cinema is
literally around the corner but
literally yet there one last film in
Westfield so for like the past hour
we've just been looking around shops and
stuff then we'll even last for it for
some reason yeah I don't know but anyway
yeah we're on the way to view right now
it's literally around the corner we're
gonna get watched - bye bye man then
after that we're gonna go back to the
hotel
I don't you see that you're probably can
like view bye bye man here we go
skyress legit has just been a huge
fuckin fight in the middle of in the
middle of singing in the middle of you
which it was just been a huge fire so
we've just come out with a film guys
this has been a really really hectic day
we're going now to the premiere in I'll
talk to you guys more when with there
but it's really really like Haiti right
now it's been a mud day what would
torture I told your mother yeah I'm
gonna get back to the hotel right so
guys we made it now we're literally in
the Premier Inn and oh my god
tonight has been not stressful but it's
been pretty freaking eventful so let's
go back we were shopping right and then
we decided to go see a film the film was
at 10:20 so with a fairly late film in
life but in view cinema right and then
literally there was a show of a massive
fire even joking I've got a tiny bit of
recordable the cheer there's like 20
guys all going up there like girls and
getting hit everything so I didn't want
to pull my camera legit that the gun for
me goes mad anyway I assumed a little
better so I managed to put my camera on
while it was in my bag literally
recording often what you heard a bit of
the sound anyway yeah we're in the room
right now and it's been pretty chill
it's been a good day the film was good
however after a film we were just
literally not good and we're just in the
room now it's a pretty good room I'll
give you a bit of a room tour just a
standard parenting coming here you got
this thing in here through here got a
nice TV desk for the ultimate game it
sets up double bed nice LED light strip
whatever this thing is and then boys
literally we were put on room 820 and
there's a 24 rooms in the entire place
however this is a window that can't be
opened but you can see slightly we don't
really really high up but yeah we're
gonna chill we're gonna probably just
relax for a little bit I literally
haven't had a McDonald's in ages free
chicken selects chips BBQ sauce what did
you go
fill it fish burger okay interesting
yeah i'ma eat this I'm eating this guys
cuz I'm you know I'm literally I'm
starving and a drench a drench but you
can't go wrong with a bear their peak
and mango yeah basically I want to show
you my clothes I bought today but I told
you I'd show them yeah and I'm gonna hi
let me show you
firstly as you know I've got the
headphones I've been meaning to buy a
pair of these for ages and I've been
looking for today far them in Selfridges
they didn't have them in Marks and
Spencers but yeah these are the clothes
I bought but why was it with a new one
never worn out man taught my new look
Andrew browser get more confused but
yeah basically let me give you a look at
these basically yeah that's just a plain
green jumpers got few rips in it there
it's not being too fancy this right here
I thought was really really nice the
material is absolutely I really good but
basically a camo jumper this is quite
big this is a small but like I like my
clothes quite tight bitchin I don't know
if you've noticed by well I type in
stuff so usually going extra small but
yeah I thought I was really nice and
then finally I just went ahead and got a
nice ripped pink jumper now this I don't
know I think it looks quite nice I do
like my pic stop got few rips in it so
guys I'm gonna be ending the vlog that
was a weird way to so guys I'm ending
the vlog right here guys if we enjoyed
meant to leave a like I think we're
gonna be wobble I am I'm gonna be
blogging tomorrow as a separate vlog
that I'll obviously be out after this so
get ready for that it's gonna be good
we've got some exciting stuff tomorrow
they were mean or with more people
obviously you saw Ben earlier but yeah
should be a good day tomorrow so get
home for that vlog but if you've enjoyed
this vlog remember to leave a like I've
got what the target my mom set was in
the style videos but I put on the screen
right now smash a like let's see from
the other target also check all my
social media in the description below
guys us call me out show forgot me on
our show guys thank y'all so much for
watching and as always I've been bored
you guys been awesome and
see you in my next video peace out if
you enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to mug this channel I don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
please
