remember back in reception way it all
gather round the teacher and you'd have
freaking storytime but such as me it
probably was just me but anyway if that
ever happened to any of you then it's
gonna happen today again that's right
boys and girls ladies and gentlemen
today we have story time
hello guys and welcome back to another
video and today we'll help you is
another video a lot more serious than
usual however I always say that and then
not just being over-the-top and shouting
for like 10 minutes but yeah guys today
I'm gonna be telling you another story
about my time in school this one is
actually really friggin serious today
guys I'm gonna be telling you about the
time that my old school asked me to
start doing YouTube yes they formally
asked me to basically quit YouTube this
is 100% real I'm not lying watch the
video guys I'm going to be telling you
all the details because it's actually
looking back on it now the best decision
I ever made not listening to school so
this is gonna be a really interesting
one oh yeah guys if you could smash a
like on this video that I'd be
absolutely amazing I'm gonna go for one
of my biggest ever like targets on this
video because I'm feeling a little bit
crazy today guys 8150 1000 likes and
also guys remember to turn on my
notifications by clicking the little
bell which would be down there or maybe
up there yeah remember to turn on my
notifications because YouTube have been
screwing me lately and not sending out
my videos to you guys so turn on my
notifications so you can see my bringing
uploads because hopefully you want to
and if this is the first time that
you've seen me on your screen if you're
coming from the recommender because
these videos gone viral
hi my name's morgg's I know on 12 but
mostly 15 shocker yeah guys if you new
remember to hit that subscribe button
down below that'd be absolutely amazing
we are growing phenomenally fast we are
so close to 1.5 million we've got out
the yet there that would be very very
very much appreciated is there anything
else I can beg for is anything else I
can beg for ya guys follow me on the
social media down below they'll be all
links Twitter Instagram and snapchat but
yeah ok ok you scream with me just
the video I'm gonna start it right now
after I tell you guys to leave a comment
down below I'm sorry I'm sorry okay
let's start the story I'm such a mess
what am I even doing but yeah guys this
videos gonna be a little bit of a
follow-up to my my mono just keeps
cutting out stop cutting out you don't
monitor this video is gonna be better
follow up to my wire left my school
video I'm also gonna be talking about
the main reason this was another reason
which I forgot to mention in the
wildlife school video about why I left
my school personally I know there'll be
some teachers from our school probably
watching this and everybody who still go
to that school so hi guys
yeah and if there's any teachers
watching this erm thanks for never
believing in me okay let's start the
story so this story happened towards the
start of 2016 I was on about 10,000
about 12,000 subscribers when this
happened so we're in I think about March
time when this story happens and
basically when I used to go to school I
used to get really really ill lot of
this was from lack of sleep but I did
have a lot of genuine illnesses so my
attendance wasn't very good so basically
I had to have a meeting with my mum and
dad because basically I don't know if
you guys never had this before but if
your attendance slips a bit you have to
have a meeting with school so yeah we
got called in for me to my parents it
was fairly serious so you know me going
in there I was just expecting them to
ask me a few questions about like why I
had been attending school as much as I
should have installed and kind of maybe
about illnesses and that which they did
ask but yeah basically my mama and my
dad came in my mom and dad don't even
know me caught in this video I haven't
even told them so - mum and dad watching
this you know at least you guys will
know this story's real a lot of people
aren't gonna believe it but yeah now let
me say in this meeting there was a lot
of big people from the school in terms
of high up people those deputies in
there I think the head might have even
been in there right so this was a very
serious meeting so we were expecting to
go in there talk a little bit about you
know illnesses and stuff out of nowhere
right that I think was the head teacher
she's got a book right she opens or in
the book with screenshots of my youtube
channel
she print screamed my YouTube channel
all the full nails I remember seeing
them all
I remember seeing this thumbnail on the
screen right now this video a screenshot
of it and basically she starts talking
to me about my youtube channel and I'm
like what the hell's buddy up Andi like
why is this coming into that oh yeah
this is really really serious right the
headteacher starts asking me if I would
if I would quit YouTube I'll stop doing
YouTube to focus on school and thinking
back on it now
guys seriously quite messed up the
schools are supposed to prepare for the
future and hope you follow your dreams
and help you follow your dreams yet my
only school the head of my school asked
me formally asked me to quit YouTube she
literally asked me to delete my channel
and quit YouTube I know that we load to
you we won't be believing this there's
no real way I can prove it to you I mean
I've left school now and all this stuff
added up to me leaving school just
because the school was terrible
usually what a teacher the school asks
the student who's doing well as
something to stop it in order to get
like a few more school days in it just
blows my mind thinking back on it now
how did I react to this you may ask you
I was seriously quite emotional at the
time I remember the me and I was almost
reading crying this was really really
serious to me this isn't this is always
my passion you guys know YouTube is my
passion it's my dream it's all I ever
wanted to freakin do and my head teacher
of a school that's supposed to help me
help me to achieve my dreams asks me to
stop doing what I've worked on for like
three years prior to that like that is
mental and at the time I was on about 14
kids soccer and one thing I remember
saying was I was basically like really
upset this time it gin the meeting and
basically my dad hops in and starts like
talking to the teacher saying how I'm
not gonna quit obviously because he knew
is my passion
he starts saying how it's going well for
me and I remember the exact words he
said basically what I said was he's got
13,000 subscribers chef through
Wednesday of 16 which is a football team
the team has to pour and I remember how
we use them as an example of like how
many subscribers they add in comparison
to me I was on 13,000 at the time and
now you know we're on we're on 1.5
million almost we'll probably may even
be that amount of time you're watching
this like seriously I'm getting quite
pretty emotional just
this right now like doing this video but
that is absolutely not simply think
about it imagine guys imagine if I'd
have quit imagine if I'd of let school
let school get over me and I live Majan
if I'd have gave into the school system
and let them basically kill my dream
imagine what I'd be doing right now I'd
be in school and have probably gone in a
few more days of school but I wouldn't
have a channel with over 1.5 million or
whatever subscribers I've already said
to you guys I don't want to do anything
else other than YouTube right now anyway
I can't say what I've been doing in like
10 years or whatever maybe I'll be
acting or whatever as well as this when
people said to me in the conversation of
the leaving school video this was like
the worst decision ever installed no
chance no no freaking way without the
words you ever made staying in a place
which physically made me depressed stay
in there doing extra stuff which I'd
already knew about not learning anything
for six hours a day making an effect on
my youtube channel killing da killing my
confidence killing me as a person
staying there that's helping me yeah no
freaking chance anybody that didn't
think it was a right decision you don't
know me you know why few people on the
video saying watch YouTube dies and
that's a fair point I'm gonna cover that
right now a lot of people watching this
video when that video should I say
problem with this video don't realize
you can take GCSEs whenever whenever you
want I can take GCSEs
I won't go GCC's right now but if
YouTube ever just dies or something I go
back again if I need them guys I'm gonna
go and go glass of orange juice to cheer
me up I'll be right back Oh mmm
well yeah you may have noticed I just
brung up an Amazon box let me quickly
open this right now get open Oh hate
boxes new lens why we got another new
lens guys okay let me answer so this
lens I'm recording on right now is my
lens I do for these sit-down videos is
my best lens to freaking tank and then I
started doing vlogs Ryan I'm enjoying
doing vlog so I bought this lens which
is a wide-angle lens and this was 150
pounds so basically I thought you know
that's fairly cheap for a lens I want to
be giving you the best freaking quality
ever but not ever but the best I can
give you this right here was 450 pounds
brand new vlogging
so yeah you know guys I'm making moves
for you guys I don't want to give you I
don't want to give you 150 power lenses
I want to give you 450 power lenders
because because you know you deserve it
you know you come here to see good
quality content and you come here to see
good quality blogs and stuff so BAM new
lens look at big boy hey there you go
see massive lens it's going to be a pain
to vlog with this it's pretty freakin
heavy and 450 is now down the drain but
you know we're not talk about that but
yeah guys the moral of this story in
terms of the whole school thing is again
never give up on your dreams if I'd have
gave up I won't be here right now living
my dream never let anyone get in your
way no that's not leave school that's
not leave school guys don't get the
wrong end of the stick from these two
videos I'm just trying to influence you
guys and tell you guys to follow your
dreams that doesn't mean start leaving
school and stuff like I did you know I'm
not the best role model ever but just
don't give up on your dreams because bad
who gave up a nurse and listened to
school I'll be here right now
so yeah there you go I hope you enjoyed
the story and also guys I just wanted to
say at the time of recording this I am
the current food highest growing channel
in the past 24 hours in the entire
freaking world guys so I wanted to say
that's absolutely amazing and again
thank you all for all this or the growth
it's mind-boggling not blowing
mind-boggling
oh yeah that's about it for this video
remember to leave a like if you've
enjoyed it we could shoot for fifty one
thousand lies that would be absolutely
amazing and also guys remember to check
out my other social media Twitter
Instagram and snapchat we are really
really close to 200 Karen Instagram 100
K on Twitter and like like 50 K on
snapchat so check all them go follow
them all because you can see some more
behind the scenes stuff giveaways and
fun stuff over on there also remember to
hit that big red subscribe button down
below if you are new and turn on my
notifications by clicking the little
belt guys thank you so much for watching
and as always I've been morgue you guys
have been absolutely freaking awesome
and I'll see you in my next video
if you enjoyed this video then remember
to subscribe to Margie's Jana I don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis
hahaha thanks for watching
you
oh my best
