we are about to see if all bees could
withstand a boiling hot frying pan
filled with oil water we actually do not
boil Orbeez hello everybody and welcome
back to another video today I've got
some exciting stuff planned today is
gonna be an action-packed day but you
know rather than me standing here and
explaining into I'm gonna do let me
travel out to the first place I'm going
which is the woods and explain to their
boys let's get this blog started right
freaking now
hi guys this isn't the first stop but
yeah basically as I was walking to the
first stop
I've just seen this beautiful sky this
is England and the skies actually
looking nice and basically I'm gonna
make the most of this actual nice sky
and I would take some photos for
Instagram I guys have just finished
taking some photos pains to go check
them out on my Instagram link in the
description but now what's head on to
the place I was actually supposed to be
going to okay I have arrived guys as you
may be able to tell I am currently
walking through the forest now joking
guys is literally just Awards now why am
I in the woods a lot of you're probably
asking guys basically about two weeks
ago I tweeted out instead I was gonna
record a QA in the woods and basically
ask for questions I was like two weeks
ago
and then guys long story short it rained
for like two weeks straight not joking
not like I just can't be arsed some days
no guys seriously though I finally come
here today to it there's a branch
tickling me and it's just annoying me
there we go so yeah guys basically come
out to the woods today as the first
thing I'm gonna get up to today to
record this booking Q&A and it should be
a lot of fun guys
but yo now we're here can actually have
a bit of a talk with you about what this
one actually gonna be now currently I've
got three things planned basically I'm
here in the woods film in this video I'm
also going to the gym and playing
football and who knows well so get up to
you guys I'll probably be something else
let me talk to you about this really
quick so as you can see I'm currently
wearing some nmds they're not new nmds
or anything in fact I bought them ages
ago but you may be saying more why on
earth have you worn nmds to the woods
are you an actual idiot and to be honest
yet I probably am but at least lay me
out basically guys I bought like five
pairs of nmds when they were first
released because I absolutely love them
right I didn't see any shoes that could
top them because at the time I didn't
see eases and obviously I got a pair of
Yeezys and ever since then they've been
the only shoes I've been wearing so
enemies of which I've just been sat
catching dust so I thought why not wear
them here to the wards where they can
get dirty guys it was a bit of a stupid
decision but what the hell who cares I'm
acting like I don't care guys I really
do they're already covered in mud like
now basically guys as a content creator
I'm always on the look for
video ideas and new places I can go to
doing these vlogs so yeah basically guys
I found a sick place which is near to me
where I could potentially go and explore
guys yes a haunted apparently abandoned
tunnel there's an abandoned tunnel
within like half an hour from where I
live yes so if you want me to go and
explore an abandoned freaking tunnel and
leave a like on this video I'm looking
very pale in this lie because the sun's
on me right there yeah as always saying
if you want me to explore an abandoned
tunnel leave a like on this video and
also leave a comment down below tell me
if you want to see or not but yeah I'm
thinking of trying something new
obviously I just want to try new things
and exploring could be fun so leave a
like you've gone Assyria explore an
abandoned tunnel don't if you can tell I
found somewhere which I think it's
basically as good as we're gonna get it
but yeah I'm about to record the Q&A
right now let's do it hey that is a wrap
guys just finished recording the Q&A and
oh my goodness it's been at least an
hour guys spawn ously that was so
successful apart from the fact that four
dogs went past and like free people or
whatever but yeah it was really really
good
I think the QA will be up before this
board so if you haven't already seen it
be sure if you're checked out after
watching this but yeah let me get you
down from this tree and let's go do some
more fun stuff
mom yes darling can you pick me up
please I'm absolutely freezing guys my
mom is literally a lifesaver I was
freezing cold and she came to pick me up
okay guys finally I have made it back
home
thanks to that guardian angel back there
who literally gave me a lift I was
freezing cold I was covered in mud and
she came to my rescue I am very grateful
you're welcome guys I just went down to
the garage right as I came into the
house
whatwhy spotted do you remember these
bad boys basically these are all these
and these are them things that we filled
a back with and yeah we kept some of
them so what we gonna do man what are we
gonna do buy on them know what you're
about I'm only joking yeah guys we're
going to be boiling loads of these
literally boiling them in red hot water
I don't not not interested in that I'm
very nice is it
yes got a sandwich chicken onion and
lettuce that's literally it that's all I
got it's nice though that literally took
me like two minutes guys I was
absolutely starving I know this okay
something has just arrived guys I
seriously R I have no clue what this is
this is Amazon I've been ordering a
little bit of stuff I ordered lost of
yesterday so it should have came today
because it was like really layers like 9
p.m. yesterday so either this is
something that came up normally early or
it's just something from a few days ago
that forgot about anyway there's only
one way to find out let's just open this
place is quite thin as you can tell um
it is ok this is probably the most
uninteresting stuff ever for you guys
you ready the big reveal Gorilla Tape
and Gorilla Glue I just got it because I
needed it the amount of times when I've
needed this dog and like hot and like
strong tape and I haven't had it
like I'm needing this for a while yeah
ferry also is quite anticlimactic but
the Orbeez are coming to you guys that
should be very interesting guys just
playing a cheeky little game of Monopoly
while wait for my mom to get back no no
no no hey hey
I win hi mum I'm just gonna boil some
Orbeez that's it all right and guys it's
time for the moment which you use I'm
selling it so I'm just gonna leave that
little failure of the intro in to show
how most of mine chose you should I show
guys know that you've probably all been
waiting for we are about to see if
Orbeez can withstand a boiling hot
frying pan filled with boiled water guys
basically if you look right here let me
show them you are we've got a frying pan
which is literally sizzling we put so
much oil in this which could sound fire
yeah we've got cold water ready oh wow
anyway yeah we've got a whole freakin
frying pan a lot and we've got a bucket
of Orbeez all different shapes or sizes
now heard online that these are really
really strong orbits and they can
withstand water because they kind of are
water so basically we're going to see
how long it takes for that substance to
dissolve like a big one and a tiny
little one should be fun guys a little
bit of an experiment and we're gonna see
if it's actually worth it and if that
can even actually boil them or not guys
shall we find out or more should we find
out like to be honest okay no you film
me then Oh be careful yeah try to sell
kids guys I don't know if you can see
that you should be able to but that is
the first size or B we're going to be
doing is absolutely tiny literally this
thing is almost falling through the
frickin stupid thing so yeah
this is the first one this is orange
it's going to be fairly hard to see in
here so what me and mum are going to
time how long this takes
Oh charlie down ball 5 4 3 2 whenever
you're ready ok it's in the time of
started
you can see a little bit big bad guys
can see a little better ping jeez these
things wish stunning in its we've
sounded it more what guys seriously I
hope you can see that tiny little pickle
be down there but hasn't even - dude
dude it's literally withstanding it what
mom seriously
cumberly well guys it's been literally a
minute
you can still see in there fairly
clearly it's right there I think it's
shrinking a little bit but guys it's
been a minute that is the smallest one
do you know what screw the timer
let's go grow bigger one I said we've
got we've got two big ones you shall be
able to see these Long's quite easily
hi guys right here as you can see we
have a big one and get it carefully
place in there we go
but for real this is absolutely crazy
mom couple anything that's mine
guys all these are literally tiny little
pellets like literally smaller than a
pea and you put them in water and they
expand right so how is red hot water not
breaking them down I don't get it
oil as well oil is oil spawn a ball so
genuinely like I am still gonna man look
at this gabbi's leave a like on the
video if you want to seals you test on
these because they seem to be pretty
damn indestructible
I am absolutely speechless look at this
take a look at that nice the pink one
and it's still my even that is
ridiculous more than normal seriously I
have no word I don't want to say more I
think it's time we have a little bit fun
and put as many in as we can freaking
spit oh man oh my I'm standing back guys
seriously these things are genuinely
like nightmare no no drop it we've
successfully loaded up the entire thing
with with literally as many as we can
fit guys but as you can see it's a fail
isn't it mom Orbis is not really
really done anything wrong we've
literally wasted right let me show you
religiously wasted half of this frickin
bowl this is oil in there because we
with our make even more destructible we
thought mom then we're gonna drop minnow
just and goats and just died so guys the
moral of the story is we actually do not
boil Orbeez do not boil orbits because
it's bloody pointless because you'll
work hard on water and then the always
will be like hell no we're just
literally not die it's absolutely crazy
but guys mom over here it's just come up
with a pretty good idea she says
should we try and microwave the Orbeez
in a different vlog if you want to see
that leave a comment leave a like and
all that good stuff
yeah ok well I think we're gonna put
that down to the fail not for us for the
water because the Orbeez are freaking
tanks so guys I've just had a little bit
of like a deep thorn some of you guys
probably already know this from the
start well if you think about 1 or B
actually is it's a little pellet which
grows when you give it water the water
can be cold but it can also can be hot
so maybe by giving them boiling water
it's actually just helping them grow
because you think if you give all these
water they grow but if you're given
boiling water like we thought were gonna
do the opposite but it may have
literally just not done either cut
we literally may have tried to kill them
but made them stronger there's a
horrible thought guys we need the
microwave leave a like
so guys basically it is a half for right
now and a whole five I'm going to the
gym right with a gym that I go to is
right next to a football pitch and
coincidentally is either I word I think
it is a half six so now we're after I go
to the gym I'm playing football with my
friends so what I'm basically gonna do
it sound like a two and half hour three
hour session I'm just straight sighs gym
and then football football's just like a
kick about nothing serious but yeah
basically that shall be fun through all
of exercise coming up and since I didn't
sleep this morning I've had no sleep
going into this vlog I can't even tell
you guys I just kept it low key but yeah
other when I get back from football and
I'm gonna be absolutely not good so get
ready for that it should be funny to see
mean that stay I will genuinely be dead
honestly I've gone like so long without
sleep and after that exercise I
seriously I think I might freaking die
but yeah basically right now I've gone
an hour until I have to go to the gym so
basic goodness
Stella now I'm gonna leave and I'm just
gonna leave that in that's me try to
speak I just end up going brother
yeah I've gone hour now basically until
needs go in the gym so I'm just gonna
chill and they may even start working on
a video to get on top of things who
knows maybe I'm gonna go a little bit
prepared maybe get a little extra
prepared you know you know I'm saying
also see what I get up to you guys okay
guys so I'm off to the gym and football
now I decided to stay in this Topsy's
it's already a little bit dirty I go
into some random joggers and I've also
got a jacket when I play football
cuz that's gonna be outdoors it's gonna
be bloody freezing but for the gym I
think I'll be alright guys it should be
funny for you
because in about very seconds you're
gonna see how long after all the
exercises and stuff so it should be like
it before and after now and look at all
right after should just be an absolute
mess but yeah guys I'm gonna head off do
all this spot now I'll see you in a few
seconds and we're back Jesus Christ I
have got a lot to tell you
Porsche everyone's in my team a plane
right now they're on TV and they kicked
off 10 minutes ago so let me get the
game on and caught your wireless on
because on watch this hi guys so I'm an
absolute state right now I'm gonna get
shower or bath whatever after the
Wednesday game boosts I don't want to
miss this I mean I've already missed
like six minutes of it all over but yeah
basically the gym went really really
well had like an hour session or
whatever I did a 30-minute run and if
3.5 miles like 464 insanity calories in
hutton fo minutes no stops which is good
for me I was doing like like 9.5 miles
an hour and then 6.5 miles an hour like
intervals it went really well but
basically I come up the general I was
absolutely friggin knackered so I went
to football yeah and I mean I still ran
a lavash Li what I was I was very very
tired
football was alright however uh this is
no word of a lie basically one of my
friends it was on the opposite team
fouled someone was on my team so you boy
morgs he weren't having it yeah I hit
them with a spear however rather than
like going into it with like the crack
part I've just have just done my entire
shoulder and it just kills and all I've
done to it but I did that halfway
through football so for the second half
at a store front in there fricking if
bonus goal and just literally just tuck
the goals in literally but my shoulder
absolutely kills it means I can't really
do all this arm like this is fairly
friggin serious because I speared
someone in a football game but yeah guys
I must have burned like frickin 800
calories but now watching Wednesday my
mom is getting a Chinese takeaway I want
to get some like sandwiches or something
so I want to pour the weight back on I'm
gonna have maybe like a little bit of it
like try it because like maybe a few
chips or something because I
can deserve it guys about it guy I'm
gonna watch the Wednesday game I live
nil-nil I'm gonna watch this game then I
get back to well yet guys we lost and
now I'm which were just about again the
Buffy I'm gonna buff and then get to bed
I'm in bed right now I've been in bed
watching the match now I've got to go
another buff and then I just know I'm
gonna deal mer and if I'm gonna get
straight back into bed so yeah this is
where I'm gonna end the vlog if you
could leave a like on the video down
below that be absolutely amazing and
also check out all my social media
Instagram snapchat and Twitter the links
to all of them will be in the
description below
and also why utter you could turn on
notifications so you'll get my videos
early and you can get them really and be
like in the top 1,000 views or whatever
but yeah turn on my notifications check
out my social media and leave a like on
the video guys as always I've been more
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video I have to get up for
this piece
Oh your brother do good then remember to
subscribe
the mugsy's Jenna I'm gonna forget to be
the life cuz you have a penis
thanks for watching
