basically what I'm about to do is tell
you one of my biggest secrets ever I've
only told this to like a few people it's
crazy hey Siri turn on my lights okay ah
is way too early to be awake right now
good morning guys today as you know is
I've gone and forgot the date let me
grab my phone you know what let's just
try that again good morning guys today
is 17th of January as you all know 2017
which still feels quite way to say but
yet today I'm going to be vlogging
because I got some exciting stuff to do
today it's gonna be pretty cool first
thing I want to say is what you guys
think over this camera this is my new
vlogging camera a CD which is my main
camera but I got a new license which as
you can tell go super freakin wide-angle
so you can basically see everything in
the background it's I think it looks
quite cool tell me what you think of the
conversation below but basically guys
for this vlog I'm looking for a little
better feedbacks if you can tell me what
you think to this vlog in the
conversation below that'd be great
because I'm trying to give them more of
a professional approach in terms of that
sort editing and post-production
I'm hoping it's got a lot really cool so
tell me what you think basically I've
got gorillapod I've got my Canon ATD and
then this is a super wide angle lens
which you're basically how much to get
the wide shot and a rode mic I'm gonna
be blogging with us today but yeah just
woke up done my hair and I should
probably get some clothes on vine there
we go I got my mind migrated up some
blue
skinny jeans and then of course my big
fluffy coat let's go downstairs and see
what my mom's opinion is to this big new
vlogging camera this camera right here
is what I'm gonna be using today to vlog
with the yani opinion Wow big on the end
sigh Stan she's talking about the girl
but this is basically what I used to
hold it why not
but what I still longing to do is get
some mad wide-angle shots so mum tell
them what we're gonna be doing today
we're never doing a break
it's a Nando's and a quick - ran tsk
boys that's currently the time right now
what we're doing were heading off to
Nando and heading up to Tesco cuz that's
what we do when we got nothing else to
do we just go to Tesco boo boo now boys
he's run off and I'm not sure what
aliens look like go on a brunette one
he's not in there oh hello so yeah what
we're doing right now is we're heading
off to Tesco so let's move actually hold
on hold on before we go I need to get
some socks off ok ok ok guys now we're
ready to go
mum this is a funny story I tell them
the first time before I got there what
you called my users tell them what you
call them whose days she's not joking
she called these Suzie's when you talk
about lovely days outside I mean this is
just beautiful so while on the topic of
the rain and the terrible weather I abut
tweet on the screen right now are three
and I'll of our week ago because while I
was planning on doing was going to the
woods to record a Q&A why the would you
ask I'm not sure it's just somewhere
else to go and do a Q&A rather than at
home now I was planning on doing that
today in this blog so like recording the
vlog as I go to the woods and then
recording the Q&A today however don't
think I can really go with the wood when
the weather's like this I mean it is
absolutely chucking it down so yeah once
again with delay in the QA the woods Q&A
for another day woods Q&A day rhyming
yeah okay let's go the Tesco
anything you want from Tesco a tip file
and chicken cooking for you once go
anyway Morgan why do you want to go to
testicle I was like looking around for
stuff it gives me video ideas and
inspiration last time we went to Tesco I
ended up coming up with two big
watermelons and we did our own trick on
how to skin the watermelon I'll leave
that link to the video in description
below well yeah when I go Tesco I
usually come out with something to do
videos on it's usually fun
I see all these logs of people in like
in my LA and stuff by having the time of
their life vlogging then like go in to
the beach and stuff see furrows okay in
the air in England today life grows we
just got to get a chest go instead
that's like our form of entertainment
ula America people get with a beach we
get a Tesco
cuz if any of that blows off in his car
then we're in serious trouble but did it
very didn't but it could have done what
did it but did it boys Mike Mike Mike
Mike Mike Mike
so we're entering the Tesco right now
not gonna lie
wary multiply they are the hikes
building
oh boy she's been in the shop five
minutes already looking at clothes more
draft to say for yourself
oh boy what a surprise looking at more
clothes oh yeah do you know when someone
says to me are you a youtube all you do
not say say no I'm an amateur filmmaker
mmm that kind that you wanted no no no
no is that it was that I don't think
he's gonna finger put you need to go for
adults now remember how I said when I
come to Tesco I always end up finding
summer getting a good video idea boys
can you tell what these are these are
fryers right how about mom if we fried
random objects how good would that be
see combat me or buy a very good idea
mom let's just get it
those yellow bouncing future what a guy
sobriety low you can fried donuts you
can also fire phones first video idea
and we've only been encoding Tesco for
two minutes so boys tell me so I'm not
gonna do this in this video so want to
do this in a separate video but tell me
if you want to see me fry random objects
for a separate video and I'd be
absolutely hilarious
Tesco mango fingers are honestly to die
for also boys Tesco pomegranate very
very nice free of them so mum but when
you see this aisle
why is the first thing nice no knives
night boys we're on the hunt for the
biggest knives
oh my god oh my god oh my god what you
want that for many many things ha ha oh
God oh ok oh god oh god I got on video I
got the over cook offer
oh my you scrap that I go there we go I
got missiles oh my god I actually got
that oh I'm doing it that way now ok
gonna be careful Jesus ok coming to the
end of the shopping trip now we've got
all the drinks we're just going to pay
mum any words after that fail so
accident-prone
jemaine's Joseph when you're probably
wondering mods meet you absolutely not
sir
why on earth have you bought another 25
pad I tunes card basically i'ma tell you
why I bought it right now you know since
I'm a nice caring bloke he likes to give
back to you guys what i'ma do is I'm a
giver 25 an iTunes card away right here
in this video in this victim video all
you got to do is leave a like on the
video and also comment down below I want
to win or something along the lines of
that boys leave a like comment down
below tell me you want the gift card and
then you'll be entered 25 pounds you
could be winning by leaving light and
leaving a comment that's all you got to
do mum what should they do leave it like
I do know what you were saying oh well
your half of it leave a like and comment
and now basically guys we are off to
Nando's okay take a look at this guy's
can you see it can you see it can you
see it can you see about that
basically we've arrived at Nando we're
gonna get takeaway to eat at home but
yeah I'm just in the car wait and she's
gonna go pick up the food the puffs he
just delivered welcome back to the car
thank you very much for bringing mando
so we got the Nando's you've been to
Tesco's everything from this trip has
been completed let's head home so we can
eat this Nando's it's gonna be very nice
- director - the detected it detected a
corn on the cob spicy rice but - part
burger this looks delicious guys I may
eat this then we'll get back to the vlog
oh oh my god guys have just finished the
Nando's as you can see trust me when I
say that was absolutely delicious who
doesn't love an and O's like seriously
if you don't like Nando's there must be
something wrong with you guys it's
basically what I'm about to do is tell
you one of my biggest secrets ever I've
only told this to like a few people it's
crazy it's a really really weird secret
I don't know how you guys are gonna
react to me I don't really care I think
it's quite funny rather than anything
else but I want to show you guys this
losing all feeling some of your gonna be
like really really like whoa now have
you guys ever heard of webbed toes or
webbed feet basically what is it sweat
on your foot you've got like two toes
are connected by a little bit skin and
basically yeah I have this and it runs
in obviously my dad's half of the family
so he's got them - oh serious is like
whenever I show I know and then people
like what the hell Morgan that's crazy
and I'm like easy really like it's only
a little bit skin but I want to show you
guys this is gonna be bit all good okay
look at this the big foot reveal if
you've got foot fish then I don't know
how you're gonna react to this basically
yeah I feel so weird right now but yeah
that's nice my toes to me I just think
it's quite funny like looking at them
they look really really funny like
genuinely it's just a tiny bit of skin
which connects them like I could
surgically have it removed it'd be
really really easy but it seems like
it's like pain and it's money and like
genuinely like they don't like feel any
different like it doesn't hear it anyway
but I just think it's really funny like
it looks really weird and people
always like freak out want to show them
an astable freaking funny so late in
life I may end up getting like removed
all over somebody but to be honest right
now everything's any point like I
genuinely look and I'm just laughing my
feel like it's really crazy and yeah the
only people who really know about this
it's like my family and stuff but now
everybody knows so I mean I guess
whatever and I know right now there'll
be people there like oh my god maliwal
the hell that's so weird and I'm like I
don't know like it's not a big deal at
all I generally it's not been different
it's just a tiny bit skin it doesn't
hurt whatsoever and I just thought was
really really funny and I wanted to tell
you guys about it because so many people
always like freak out when I tell them
and it's really really funny alright
guys so as you can probably tell this is
my Instagram as you can see we got 53
pose 149 K followers and o95 following
basically last night we 149 k and i
think if i refresh the page right now
we're gonna be on 150 guys let's find
out oh no
okay where are we on were we on well
that's a little bit anticlimactic but
hopefully hopefully by the end of this
vlog we can hear 150 K on Instagram
because we're very very very close later
Oh three two one yeah I got it upload
what are you 50 I don't want to refresh
no I'm gonna no no hey you know how's me
been guys look who's coming so joy knows
no one other than Bruno how's it going
look at this guy look at him okay it's
been about half an hour since the last
clip of the vlog my mom has just shouted
me down to the kitchen so let's see what
she wants
I'm um what are we doing right now we're
gonna make some meatballs oh boy
meatballs
see if you want a bowl in a more I give
up I'm not gonna do a mother Malkin
tokoto never get old what does John Cena
say go away go on go back to it guys get
ready for this 3 2 1 bang three two one
bang three two one bang three two one
bang and now we're back in the room oh
look at that there
well don't know good you've done a good
job thank you darling
not bad not bad imma eat this then I'll
get back to you oh by doing in looting
good see really okay food has been eaten
month I guess a six out of ten actually
no seven hundred it's going on a little
bit now I'm gonna chill maybe out of a
video just have it have a little bit of
a chill night because I'm quite tired
I got a fairly for this video so yeah
I'm just gonna I'm just gonna chill but
yeah guys back to what we're saying
earlier if you guys could maybe leave a
comment down below tell me what you
thought to this vlog that be absolutely
amazing because I kind of do like the
occasional vlog on the channel and kind
of vlog and I do like it because it
allows me to kind of be myself or the
more trial a whole different style of
video a little bit more chill than usual
and I really really enjoy it I don't
think I'd be Yugi we should kind of want
to do that kind of have more of a chat
with the subscribed every now and again
and kind of just chill out a little bit
more and yeah tell me what you thought
his entire vlogs I'm trying out new
stuff I'm trying out new things and I
want to know if you guys enjoying it hi
guys
as you can probably tell I am now in a
bed it's been a few hours since the last
one it's been a little while now it's
about 11 o'clock and as I said I got up
really really early for today and yeah
I'm absolutely not good right now so I
think this is what I
and the vlog probably just head to bed I
mean I have already in bed but yeah get
some sleep guys I hope you've enjoyed
the vlog if you've enjoyed remember to
leave a like down below and also don't
forget enter the 25 pound giveaway by
leaving a like on the video and also
commenting down below guys that's all
you got to do
I'm that's literally it and also turn on
my notifications by clicking the little
bell which will be around the screen so
you can get notification and get to my
videos early once they are released but
guys I really hope we've enjoyed the
vlog check out all my other social media
in description below and as always I've
been mobbed you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace out
if you enjoyed the video then remember
to subscribe to margies channel i don't
forget to leave a like if you have a
bikini thanks for watching peace out
