hello guys and welcome back to another
video and firstly I just want to say I
hope you're all having a brilliant day a
little bit of a cheesy way to start a
video but yeah I hope you guys are all
well now this video is gonna be a little
bit more serious than usual and that is
because today I'm gonna be talking to
you guys about why I decided to leave
school aged 15 to focus on doing YouTube
full-time now I realize a lot of you
guys have probably got a lot of
questions right now how did you do it
why did you do it are you insane and
yeah guys I'm gonna be answering all
your questions today and basically
explaining to you why I decided to drop
out of school to do YouTube full-time so
here firstly a few things to say before
the video starts number one if you could
leave a like on this video that I'd be
absolutely amazing if we could shoot for
let's say 20,000 likes on this video
that would mean a lot to me and also
guys this one is really really serious
so like focus right now this is serious
so I'm sure you guys have heard about
this by now but at the moment there's
been a lot of problems with YouTube for
example some videos by the craters
aren't going into the subscribers sub
boxes so in other words my videos aren't
going out to you guys now there's one
way that you guys can be certain that
you will see my videos and is by turning
on notifications for my channel
basically what that will do is it'll
notify you when I upload so you can see
the video then you can also get there
early all you have to do is click the
little Bell which I'll be by the
subscribe button I'm pretty sure I'll be
down there but yeah click the Bell turn
on notifications then you'll be notified
when I upload it's really important you
do that because there's been there's
been loads of problems at the moment
guys and it's been happening to me too
lots of videos I've been uploaded
haven't been going out and you guys have
been telling me that you haven't
received them in your sub balls so yeah
be sure to turn on notifications so that
doesn't happen to you and now I was
thinking of Ryan out a script for this
video and kind of doing it that way but
I thought just just screw it why the
hell should I do it I'm just gonna let
this come from the heart because I feel
like it's that type of video just kind
of let it be more honest there won't be
as much editing to this video because
obviously it's a serious video it's just
gonna be me talking to you guys and I
hope some of you guys take something out
of this video because something you may
know about me or something you may not
know about me shutter says that I've
never been a big fan of school not just
schools in general like the whole actual
education system if you're not that of
more serious videos feel free to click
off now a few weeks ago I tweeted out
basically said how I left school I think
it was about a month ago rather than a
few weeks ago but yeah tweeted out and
told you guys and like I've been I've
been asked so many questions since then
all about like how I did it and stuff so
I'm gonna be answering them all in
today's video and I guess I'm gonna
start by basically saying I'm 15 years
old I was in year 11 of school in the UK
I'm not sure how it all works with USA
cuz it's all completely different but
yeah UK I was in year 11 and I'm 15
years old right now my birthday is the
6th of August I feel like I'm doing some
kind of fat file right now but yeah yeah
that's that's my age and that's kind of
what I was doing now if you follow my
channel I'm sure you know that YouTube
pretty much has been like my dream ever
since I was a kid I've been wanting to
do this I've been wanting to do it full
time I've just always wanted to be a
youtuber like I've never wanted to be a
footballer
like some people's dream job is like a
football and stuff it was never really
that for me I've always kind of want to
be youtuber just because I enjoy making
content I enjoy just being myself in
front of a camera and I think it's so
cool how those are freaking million
people over a million people out there
that actually care about me and my life
which is absolutely nuts and yeah ever
since I was a kid obviously I've been
doing YouTube now for about 4 years
which isn't as long as some people
always say I'm only 15 so when I was
like 8 years old and I barely even knew
YouTube existed but yeah from I can
remember YouTube's been my dream now
what I kind of believe in in a way is if
you get the opportunity take it like if
something comes to you if you get a big
opportunity just take it rather than
leaving it for tomorrow saying I'll do
it tomorrow
I'll wait just just take opportunities
and you gotta grab them this YouTube
thing is a absolutely massive
opportunity I mean it's already taken
off to the extent where I'm at like over
a million subscribers growing like so
fast but if you think of the
possibilities for this channel it's
absolutely nuts like if you think of
where we could be in five years time
like we could just be on top like it
could be mental if we keep going at the
rate we're going right now
the future is gonna be so freaking Brian
I can't wait and that did impact my
decision a lot I mean obviously this
YouTube thing if I leave it and if I get
distracted by other things such as
school ain't gonna help it like for me
uploading videos and also do in school
was so damn hard like I kind of kept
this low-key I didn't talk about it much
because like I don't know if you guys
would be that interested but guys
honestly doing school and YouTube at a
level that I was that kind of like
uploading like two or three times a week
for me doing videos takes like I'd say
ten hours at least for a video so
putting that on top of schoolwork
homework all the stress that comes comes
from school it's so freakin hard guys
and I said I can't but I kept it low key
but it is it was really really hard guys
and it got to the point where I was
getting a lot more sad work down I could
barely get free hours sleep guys when I
was doing school on top of YouTube and
just to like clarify guys I dropped out
of school I think it was I think it was
early December actually I think it was
late November when I dropped out and
yeah I haven't smoked by since then much
on YouTube haven't mentioned it but I've
been speaking about I been on Twitter
and yeah I uploaded I think it was like
23 videos in December compared to was
like I think it was like 12 or 13 or
something like that roughly and the
amount of more time that was like opened
or I leave in school to me was amazing
and it meant that the six or seven hours
I was at school I could just focus on
YouTube and get out more content it was
amazing it was really really good that
it opened up so much more opportunities
it meant I could travel and go places
for vlogs and stuff and it meant I could
get more sleep too and I just feel
better have more time to relax but also
work for you guys and do videos it was
amazing it was a great decision for me
but yeah let's talk about why I dislike
school and education I mean this is kind
of a whole different video all different
topic so I'm not gonna speak about for
too much let me grab a freaking Diet
Coke because it is getting hot in my
room and I need to cool down okay that's
nice I feel like the problem with most
schools these days is they all kind of
teach the same all the students are
treated fairly similar and it kind of
feels like the way people are brought up
it's like they're all brought up to this
same kind of like robots in a factory
like you get people with individual
skills everyone has stuff they're good
at and not good at everyone is better at
some stuff and not as good as other
stuff if you get one saying in the fact
that everyone sign rules being taught
the same thing by the same guy you kind
of to an extent it seems a bit
stupid to me like rather than schools
focusing on building people individually
and focusing on individual talents it
kind of feels more like they just make
everyone the same and when you get an
individual talent like me without kind
of big of a self opens out in cocky it's
kind of hard just for schools to deal
with someone like me because like the
school hours out like no one even knew
what and what YouTube was to me that
seems stupid like 2016 in a school which
is supposed to be about building people
doesn't even understand YouTube like
that's just an example but yeah got to
the point obviously year 11 I've been in
school since year 7 year 8 year 9 year
10 that's just secondary school I've
been in prime school and all that they
kind of got to the point where I was
going into school and I wasn't actually
learning anything I've learned all my
like basic skills for life like overall
that all the basic stuff all the basics
and all the subjects another thing I
should probably clear out is that I'm
not like really unintelligent I didn't
drop out of school because I'm like
really stupid in my mocks which will
like last year I got like B's and stuff
on average so I'm about a pretty decent
student and going to school and I'd walk
out not learning anything but just a lot
more stressed out a lot more kind of
tired I felt like it got to the point
where wasn't being actually taught
anything useful and it'll just kind of
seem like a bit a waste of time to me
like school taught me a lot of stuff you
need school trust me don't get me wrong
guys don't get the wrong end of the
stick but it got to the point for me
where I kind of felt like the most
important thing in my life rather than
GCSEs engraved on a piece of paper was
YouTube and you guys I can comfortably
say that I want to spend the rest of my
life doing YouTube because that's what I
enjoy it's what makes me happy now in
the UK obviously you have to stay in
education till you're 18 and I've
dropped out a second to school so a lot
of you like morgues how is that even a
thing but yeah guys let's just say I'm a
home-schooled yeah yeah hey guys don't
tell anyone but no-one homeschools me
guys basically if someone says to me
moles what'd you do I say I'm a freakin
youtuber I'm a full-time youtuber even
though technically I'm not but I just
you guys don't tell anyone okay please
and I've been working at this now I'm a
call at four years I've been working at
this for four years and I got to the
point where in my eyes I'm like on top
of the frickin world I'm where I want to
being higher like I never thought I'd
ever get here and to me it seems like
why the hell would I work on something
that I want to do for the rest of my
life for four years and then potentially
throw it away like trust me guys it was
getting to the point where I was so damn
unhappy having to go to school every day
and do YouTube it's a lie so much damn
stress and it's honestly really really
hard and it was getting to the point
where I mean I've already said this but
I was getting literally like two hours
sleep every night like not even done
like I wasn't I was up all night doing
videos then I had schools and I was
filming then I was called my editing and
then school and all the homework in that
yeah got to the point where it was just
too much guys and it got to the point
most really like either slow down
YouTube or slow down school get rid of
school and I was never gonna throw away
YouTube that's not gonna happen I put
everything into this channel and I'm not
throwing it away it's never gonna happen
I'm gonna keep working at this for
hopefully as long as I can because this
is why I enjoy this is the most
important thing in my life by an
absolute mile and I'm so privileged to
be saying right now talking to a million
freaking people that's insane and
honestly sometimes it's like surreal for
me I'm even at this point where I can
genuinely give this my all because it's
all I've ever wanted to do you know it's
all that I've wanted to do I'm living my
own freakin dream and that's amazing
like it's really really cool and I love
this I love this I love this it's gone
from serious to emotional but yeah at
the end of the day guys I know a lot of
people will disagree with why I've done
a lot of people will like support me a
lot of people won't that's completely up
deal I don't really care you know it's
up to you guys you lads have your own
opinion I'm not gonna say like force you
could think one way but I do feel now
after a month or ever to think that this
was the right decision and December was
like the greatest month for me like the
channel grew so much a million
subscribers and I 100% right now feel
like if I had a left school we would not
be a million subscribers yet some of you
guys won't have even known this because
I never really spoke about it much but I
was really like really unhappy when go
to school and doing YouTube it just got
to the point where like I was so like
mentally like screwed up
you in school being ordered around by
people I'm sure I figure out I say this
without sounding like arrogant I guess
but I don't like being told what to do
like not in that type of way like I'm
perfectly fine with following orders I'm
working with people and stuff but like I
don't like being ordered around it's
just like school couldn't help me to
like help me in any way like I wanted to
do YouTube okay so they didn't know what
to do with anyone like me like my school
individually and they couldn't like help
me in any way I was offered mopping with
my school apart from why everyone else
was offered but in one way everyone else
is offered because not everyone there
was youtubers and now if you get me it's
a pretty weird situation
hope you guys kind of understand what
I'm getting up but yeah to be in the
position where I'm able to quit school
and pursue this as a full-time job age
15 is freaking nuts and sometimes it's
hard for me to process that because like
it's crazy like when you work for
something for so long and then it pays
off like wow it's like the best feeling
guys just me and if there's anything
that you guys can take off in this video
always follow your dreams if you've got
a dream go for it and just give it you
all because that's why I did and now I'm
happy to say that I'm sat here living my
dream and that's all just because I went
for it I didn't let anyone tell me I
couldn't do it and I know and try and
stop me I hope you guys go for your
dreams I hope you guys have your genes
because you can do it anyone can do it
if this goes for anything this isn't
just YouTube this can go for anything
this can go for like losing weight
literally anything just if you want
something keep going for it don't give
up don't let anyone tell you you can't
do it cuz you can't do it that you can't
do it if you put the effort in if you
put the heart in you can do it yes you
get the point guys you kept the freaking
point but yeah guys long story short I
left school aged 15 to do YouTube all
time it's a pretty interesting sentence
I don't think there'll be many other
people they've done that I'm so freakin
glad that I did and I'm so happy and to
be honest I wish I'd have done it sooner
if I don't know where my channel was
right now see I've been wanting to do
this for ages and just folks on YouTube
but you see when I was on like 100k subs
anything could happen to my channel it
could have failed it could have gone
down and if I had known at that point
what it would be right now I would have
dropped out right then and just worked
even harder but honestly that's my only
regret really not doing it sooner
you can't change the past and ultimately
I'm just really really happy that I went
through and I actually did it and I had
the support from my family and doing so
it's the best feeling man it's really
really it's really good hey guys nice
basically everything for this video I
hope you have enjoyed because this has
been a different one to usual no real
jokes in this video really funny but if
this is the first time that you've seen
me on your screen remember to hit that
subscribe button because there'll be a
lot more fun content coming your way
very very soon obviously leaving school
means I have so much more free time it
means obviously I'm a lot happier but it
also means I can work so much harder on
videos I don't if you notice how much
personally I feel the content improved
going from like November when I was at
school to what it was now because I
spend so much more time on editing and I
just felt like the content was a lot
happier and better and well made so I
hope you guys noticed that I can't wait
to just smash 2017 I'm really hoping to
get to 3 million subscribers by the end
of 2017 again that's a crazy goal I
think we can do it though I think we can
do it but yeah guys tell me what you
thought - my decision tell me what you
thought in the conversation below and
also if you've got any more questions
feel free to ask them down there in the
conversation below I try and reply to a
lot more comments on this video than
usual if you've got questions and you
want them to be answered you'll probably
have better chance asking me over on
Twitter and also maybe Instagram because
I'm on them social medias a lot more and
also snap jar respond to a lot of
snapchats but yeah they'll all be in the
description below and I hope you've all
enjoyed the video so yeah that's about
it guys thank you all so much for
watching again and as always I've
involved you guys been awesome and I
will see you in my next video peace out
if you enjoyed the video then remember
to subscribe to mugsy's channel and
don't forget to leave a like if you have
a deep penis haha thanks for watching
visa
