one question how is your face after that
slide a little bit sore yeah you got
away we won that am I going on but like
but you're the expert hello guys and
welcome back to another video and today
I'm joined where i interested in sure
we're joined with my dad today i'll put
your spotlight really really earlier by
featuring a question from Max who says
how big is your penis average size okay
open start assignment I've set the New
York that's probably the type of
questions were gonna begin because I
asked on Twitter for you guys are
sending questions for this Q&A and
George you might wanna be sent to Mum
and just me in general it's gonna be
quite a weird one
so without further due counts off don't
take account off let's start then okay
first question this is a question from
Moore's and he stays dad how many lights
should they smash on this video I would
say four thousand five forty thousand
lights that's doable
I think if do it what's a good pretty
pretty high goal which is pretty nifty
goal I think we've got this one covered
I think we've got to cover sweet okay
now let's get to the actual question
this is the question specifically to you
this is what's morgan's most
embarrassing moment oh gosh what's
embarrassing moment for so many
not very you don't state the a member
state age first okay so you were that's
the one lesson honestly my studies so I
don't you know you're about to spill it
not good I was changing the nappy
you know it's pretty doing before you
get a changing outfit and you pick that
precise moment is a good one who's
taller
unfortunately Morgan restore nice I
could literally just do a video on all
the comments of people saying I'm not
six foot and it lasts for about an hour
it's crazy you versus your dad in a
push-up contest now so guys we're about
to do the press ups and even these does
the point out firstly unknown -
absolutely I was getting moved on so
much for this understand week boom yeah
he's going first I'm gonna thank you
Donna do the press loose
what was the last time your dad was
sexually active
no comment no come on no comments I kind
of just do it
no comment who can eat a banana the
fastest raise your banana let's do this
okay I have quite big mouth you know
look at my food so I think I've got this
one in the back there's a technique I
tend to go for you call it the deep
slow down the footage guys I'm taking
that one I'm taking big Willy Willy out
like as three times before a level
higher include four new which if you
complete a challenge I leave it as us
for several times we're doing the
cinnamon challenge variously okay so
guys this time dad is doing cinnamon
challenge here you go dad I've got you a
spoon that's not it's gotta be the kids
doing okay three two one get it in there
listen
you're kidding right
dad do you not - not a chance no chance
get out of it okay sweet for now has
been gone is the actually the process of
getting for now do the bottle flip shall
wall he doesn't have a plastic bottle
boys the show must go on
all innocents newbie bottle going down
the drain dad how'd you feel
what well we got an empty like three
fours of it out so unless you want to
down it right now it's going down the
freakin drain
a few moments later oh my god well but I
was impressive I'm so done this
challenge involves this very ball right
here you an astable and put a simple
flip like that
rock paper scissors rock beats scissors
okay I'm making sure I make this simple
like that equal I count three wise guys
have I've done it they get simple who
can draw better Joe each other and let
the viewers decide who's joined the
better
they call me multi Picasso in fact no
one's ever called me that book in
roughly five minutes you will be okay so
dad didn't have any paper oh you got a
paper no it's a famous house we use in
backs of Christmas cards
there is your Christmas card that was
your pen let's just start us let's get
join welcome
okay five four three two one
dad are you ready guess what I don't
care
that is my joy yeah
well what's one thing that's missing the
eyebrows correct very very foolish
where are the eyebrows look about these
days is it true that moths is adopted
you want to answer
I don't but this person does well it's
true story around that as well
we found that he was full of 1200 fully
at the time my mother now many one was
setting off to count on holiday actually
opened the door and tripped over a
basket was on the doorstep and beside
the basket was like baby so we just
thought well you have got a home so if
they'll take you in for the life was all
right okay what's that all right so so
no so what we just got pranked there
he's not adopted but I reckon that gets
my own back for the first question about
a penis tell you what it tells in the
comment section if you believe him or
not
Goodwyn you will find out never yeah
will you your room tour at your dad's
house so I under I am and him as a word
word saying we have been working on my
room for polite for the past two months
card it genuinely looks amazing it could
be better than my mama's room for the
room at my mom's house anyway yeah going
to do a whole video showing you a tour
of it very very soon get hyped because
it's gonna be amazing
dad how do you think the rooms looking
it's looking good like a pain food
pictures on the wall job done why do you
and your dad have the same hairstyle I
got mine
there's no blanket it looks good he
copied me so why would the topic of my
dad's hairstyle steak oh look at these
bad boys so that's human being right
there is my dad no mine did another
ponytail like that oh no what we think
it roasts each other
seriously you got one roast of the other
person whoever this harshest wins you
know you made up the story that I was
left on the on there on the doorstep
yeah was it a cover-up to hide the fact
that mom left you
you ought to do it for someone yeah
mommy's the only person it's gonna be ma
ma ma I'm really sorry I'm very sorry
basically I'll record the video with dad
I'm he made me do the cinnamon challenge
he's off he's not like really thought
like I think he's up to right I'm not
sure he's been in the toilets are like
like I know yeah like I don't know what
to say so I feel really guilty and I
just yeah I'm talking to is just come
out he's got something to say you just
been pranked by a Lister well by one
thanks pal
how many ice cubes can you fit in your
mouth
I still beat you
oh my god you are terrible is more a
good boy eyes a very good boy so very
good
now one so good does Morgan have a
girlfriend not that I know of
next question who is the gayest out of
you two seriously is this the best
question to come up with have you ever
seen more making out with someone well
not a human being just his say it's
blow-up doll okay now for the final
question of the video what was the best
thing that happened to faux fur balls in
2016 I think mine's pretty obvious you
probably already know what it is
obviously for me hitting 1 million
subscribers was the best thing happened
to me because I mean for obvious reasons
but Dad what the best thing I've been
doing two things fruits of mind
obviously the achievement 2016 amazing
what I thought as well getting to go to
Wembley to see our team or we're lost in
the cloud first time seriously your
favorite moment of 2016 we're seeing our
Tianna lose at Wembley
yes well I'm so lose it what I'm saying
is the journey I know the end result of
going down there was expectation in the
joy of the day are out singing them etc
is nice the end of the video if you've
enjoyed remember to leave a like and
also big thank you to God for being in
the video
the reason most you guys probably
clicked on this video but yeah any-any
ending comment don't even want to say to
the people before we cook to the outset
just thanks for watching thanks for do
you know why my son do the outro for me
I'm off so he looks like he's gonna left
me to do the outro I think it goes
something like thanks for watching
please back then remember to subscribe
the mugsy's channel and don't forget to
leave a like if you have a penis
