you're screwed
hello guys a welcome back to another
video and today I'm gonna be I'm gonna
be pranking my mom and my dad well not
just prank of them I'm gonna be
surprising them too now when I'm
recording this is quarterly Christmas I
recorded at 3:09 which means it's
literally just on Christmas guys and
basically what got lined up for
Christmas is I'm gonna be surprising my
mom and dad with new presents but I'm
gonna be pranking them at the same time
Oh let me explain to you how this is
gonna go down now I've bought my mom a
massive 42 inch Smart TV to go in the
kitchen because the TV that's currently
in the kitchen is really really bad it's
actually my old TV the poor things knock
it out and this is something I know she
really really wants I went out on a
border for Christmas and I bought my dad
a set of Phillips hue eyes just so he
can make his his living room look a bit
more like my room with all the colors he
really really loves his house I know how
much my dad loves his house and I've
been telling him for ages he should get
Phillips shoe and he's been saying he
may get somebody never actually did so I
thought why don't I freakin games on for
Christmas so what I'm gonna be doing
this before I reveal to them their
massive surprise gifts I'm gonna be
giving them some really really bad gifts
and I just thought I'd be absolutely
hilarious to see they're actually no
just before I show you guys all the bad
gifts if you could leave it like on this
videos I'd be absolutely amazing if you
had a good Christmas then leave a like
on the video and tell me in the comment
section what you've got if we could get
25,000 likes on this video that'd be
amazing that'd be like your little
Christmas present to me also you don't
know how much I appreciate that but yeah
guys let me show you a little video I
took when I was getting the gift sorted
mwah-ha-ha so guys it's currently the
day before Christmas I've got to keep my
voice pretty quiet because my parents
are in bed basically my my mom's right
now and one dude is I'm preparing the
presents now I've got a few ideas in
mind of some of the joke presents I'm
going to give him as the prank before I
give them that big presents mom or my
dad for my mom the first thing I'm going
to give her is this thing that's down
here this is like a little fluffy
elephant and my mom actually born with
this I'm pretty sure it's for my
birthday but I
literally wrap it to her and carry took
my gizmos even though she bought now I'm
gonna pretend like I forgot that she got
it man it's gonna it's gonna be funny
guys as well as that over here I've got
some freaking sponges I'm gonna
literally wrap her up a sponge and give
her a freaking sponge for Christmas I'll
be absolutely hilarious and then
presents for my dad the joke pens from
my dad I've got this which is literally
a little teddy snowman guys gonna wrap
though pray for my dad it's my dad so
that now is gonna react to at any
freaking snowman thought I should be
funny and then for the final gift for my
dad the joke gift I'm gonna give him a
football but not just any football boy
it's a freaking song dqo football guys
yeah I'm gonna wrap it all now and get
them ready for tomorrow or technically
today because it literally goes
Christmas in five minutes guys that's
pretty cool guys I just got done
wrapping all the presents guys trust me
wrapping a present is a lot harder than
it sounds guys but yeah that there is
the football which is dads that there is
the sponge which is mom's that is the
elephant teddy which is mom's and then
that is the mother teddy which is dad so
their dads their mom's guys I'm gonna go
put these under the tree or put that
ones under the tree
I need to take them to my dad's later
when I see him later but yeah they're
gonna be mom's tree now but yeah that is
job done for now we honestly guys this
year for me has been absolutely amazing
and two of the biggest people who had
the most impact on my year and made it
so amazing with my mom and dad so I went
and bought them to gifts which I know
will mean a lot to them and I can't wait
to give it to them but I also can't wait
to see how they react to the fake small
funny gifts I think it's gonna be
hilarious guys so as you know it's free
am I told you a min ago but yeah I don't
really sleep my sleeping pile at the
moment is kind of messed up but yeah
guys honestly I just want to take this
time to say a massive thank you to mom
and dad I know you've been watching this
thank you so much your support has been
amazing this year and also a big THANK
YOU to you guys got watching this I hope
you got an amazing
amazing Christmas and also when you're
watching this is not too late enter the
big Xbox one ps4 Pro and iPad pro
giveaway the link will be in description
below give it away all three of those
things to you guys all you have to do is
click the link in the description below
and basically do small tests like
subscribe to my channel on that click
the link in description below if you
want to enter the giveaway but yeah let
me cut to when my family awake and let
me show you guys the reaction seriously
guys I don't know what to expect this
could be absolutely hilarious yeah yeah
come on inside
guys everything is not ready I'm just
about to go downstairs and give them
that presents guys it's Christmas and
this is about to all go down however
what they don't know is that they're
gonna get surprised pranked right then
everyone's ready I don't sign this are
you excited you excited you excited I'm
excited said some to death with the K
Morgan just a little game for us it's in
there Oh watch what is it like well you
obviously know it's like yeah I didn't
bring it I didn't get your water yeah
look at the label oh my god - Morgan
wool from Santa so son super artsy like
oh wow Oh from Logan yeah you bought me
a present
yeah awesome a small one buy for your
fishes it's a loose more Troodon top I
you that yeah he's a poor that fear this
is this is not the one I got you but
bigger is it
nervous general yeah give me a present
from your bedroom up you know it feels
with us there's a small glass shop or
you just be okay yeah one who's I know
that's that's genuinely is first of all
Baba Ebola other friends from his
bedroom to give me you mean you mean boy
old book on ball you don't like you
it's just from your
yeah I thought you'd get more yeah you
screwed true Hey
Wow chalk wall Oh careful
oh my god watch the tree best mixes best
lenses hey if you buy me a blender it's
probably gonna get damaged oh it's not
links but it's David Beckham I don't
know family to avoid whoa is that one
you honored that's the one of them to
the 18th sake girl watches calm down boy
that's a good hamburger damn bag
now you go one more person there think
it's about time I show you yeah yeah
this one is literally only small but
what I think I think it could mean all
over so this could be Lyle it's a sponge
no the sponge that you don't like that
you can't rely on us oh my god that's
why I want it boiling yeah Bernie's the
other day no last row birthday I did no
I brought back four sponges that is
that's a that's a special splat now with
your eyes Isaiah one of a kind Hollister
sponge retails for about 500 pound
absorbed 500% more water than other
sponges oh joy Maxim is x-c excelled
himself this year it's gone down the
recycling room whoa money thank you whoa
I'm in grand town in Washington showing
the water oh yeah thank you
I saw face thank you across the miles
you see sees that I've never heard and
also though oh good can you open the
envelope please look in India nobody
Jesus
Domon in fact I've just realized this in
the kitchen I've not brought it up if
you moments later
it's written on the envelope that a few
moments later
so guys everyone's left me there dance
that upstairs right now then they've
lost my gift I heard them say they got
something some kind of ticket source of
benefit what did that they've literally
lost it so this isn't going well but
yeah I was such a funny reaction with
him about the prank I'm about to reveal
her gift I'll genuinely do that right
now this two more presents like one of
them so freaking Bruno so I'll reveal
mumbles big gift in a minute it's gonna
be funny guys but ya know in my present
it a few moments later
what's up and then mom explained to
Google home hey stop it that's so bad
these two have lost my main president
don't blame me what are you doing now
you're looking through the rubbish bin
yeah you bet you bend my Christmas
present a few moments later quick update
guys it's now been 10 minutes and I can
hear them shouting downstairs I think
I've genuinely lost my Christmas present
like this isn't good it kind of makes me
not want to give them the teeth yeah a
few moments later what I'll be to do the
bin the neighbors will all be laughing
at me asking what am i doing I throw
some instructions away so said yeah I'm
in tears and I looked all through the
kitchen and I found some other by the
presence of oh oh that's that's cool I'm
like oh wow I ever say what is it so
already there's like that
it's the - I don't know about all that's
cool
so what we need to do now is just put
some an advert out can you find find a
friend do you notice
yeah yeah it's not my may oh yeah join
your big present now we're not finished
no oh well this year was very case you
didn't already a gather I've got you
something else
oh and it's this kind of a joint one
maybe two but like I guess it's just a
joint one because I get you'll see why
but yeah this is to go this is to go in
the kitchen and I think I know you're
gonna like it
yeah don't don't
don't get it don't you bring it
downstairs so like I'm gonna leave your
pet for a while
yeah yeah but I wanna is there in case
you get a good girl ready now Nutella
yeah for the kitchen you're in there and
all of that terrible so that so that's a
smart TV basically what it means is you
can watch my videos on there go on
YouTube and stuff oh my god and then
it's gonna I wanted to get you a huge on
like 50 inch but the kitchen won't fetch
it so I got 40 which is bigger than your
one yours is great - this is 40 but yeah
I couldn't get like a huge one oh it's
okay a little bit you know the thought
was there babe can we have a Oh
Christmas cookie I think it's far too
much Pete's have got me it's a guy's
finally you've helped me sir wishes here
oh yeah yeah it is Troy Oh
July humiliating myself on numerous
occasions okay I'm going to like it
alright what can I point now cuz we're
gonna have to go off so guys those first
plane down and it went pretty done well
also surprise was really good I'm really
glad my mum like the present basically
stay tuned if you watch it because we
got your dad player do that prank on him
give him your surprise before monsoon oh
good you like it oh I can't believe I'm
sorry we found your present yeah amuse
our neighbors by checking everything out
big time another bird I was done with
you everywhere
Wow guys now we're waiting on the turkey
to cook because it's almost time for
Christmas dinner
which means sausages and bacon which
means roast is freaking out I can't wait
oh oh no open it
oh no boom small yup oh no bacon it's
bacon can grill on instead of this open
at the top to keep it ball more other
place phone's going wrong now we're in
Turkey
let's just pick up please Oh guys Oh
have a look have a look at it guys you
look so beautiful oh my god squad is
here mom's opposed the gravy on we're
about to get started guys Crocker 3 2 1
3 2 1 sorry guys I can't have them with
us anymore let's start yeah
guys Christmas dinner has now all been
eaten and basically one do right now is
going down to my dad's house it's about
seven o'clock right now I'm gonna pack
up all the presents all the joke
presents and of course the real long the
guy is gonna be hilarious it's time to
initiate the second part of the prank
I only know yeah the only thing you've
been specifically wanting I think about
it I give you the first present this is
the first one very round very light
always thinking like oh we're football
what you think is a Sonicare football if
it's a good brand you now undergo brand
as in the brand that makes up a
 little winded grandson detail this
will die that's the question so what do
you think about what you think about us
on the eco then somebody couple and yeah
would be good when I was 18 and played
football there that ball on you want to
just come out okay you're next excellent
oh yeah that's a good enough do I do you
like it yeah
so that would be good on a tear this one
would be good while I was a good prize
every time run it was from pal one it's
a little bit really nice sharing it's
like hello
because where you cook every night like
really cool watch good
I'm le to go down there there to general
but there's some pretty pretty good
Bihar get open them on first and then
I've got some more my bike there oh this
is lovely
I like the Christmas wrapping paper on
this one guys good telling you like this
is your own about you
what like it drinking is it a large I've
never seen your way much load up with
over run I think you should well before
you open that try and guess what it is
you should be able to go tell Chocolat
chocolate hey we've got we've got the
the small things out the way the chops
like the penny oh now I'm going to see
this is the big get it from me right
turn away look away are you ready to
figure out what the gifts are you can
turn around is it Those yeah you feel oh
wow
basically I thought I've been buying it
from my room and then I said to you they
look sick in your room because you've
done it nice so basically what you got
there that's one of the small ones as a
mess that's a lump and then that's a
strip light you could even get in behind
that die but really good if you put a
strip behind that you like that then
yeah fantastic
yeah you cannot write like yeah that
basically so you'll get the app on your
phone then when you're come an age in
which is go hey Siri turn on my lights
to be honest I still think this the star
present is that the Sandy Kowal I don't
know should we move on to a nice door
position yeah can you spot a few bits
from Bob's fancy fancy
Oh Oh welcome pocket actually I feel
like I really
so some sort of autumn all mine I'm so
stupid
Lucas but how can all guess that
aftershave boys on Bay Road 100 is that
this is my name
it's a wallet loads of it look at that
guy's I got focus it literally saves my
name on it a wallet with my name on it I
still been - that's right lesson cool
interesting muffins bro these actuals
owner the dark chocolates on brow bone
then I'll stroll don't talk to him
in profound marveling bros Cory take
away in a matchbox the cooler me with a
sweet whoa whoa oh that's very good
it happy look it up like mine I'm got
what she's got 32 things it can do yeah
oh my god I got shown this guy seriously
ha ha ha what oh that's cool life I ever
go on like a camping trip bro I'll just
say that I'll be set that is everything
apart from the big one-oh drag it out ya
know whatever exciting along are we
honest there no matter how the crate
comes apart it's a crate there you go oh
my god decision did you take everywhere
oh my god that looks amazing this is
this is literally guys this is metal
folks were supposed to get without bail
money ah I need to get out somewhere
into Mattel that gonna look amazing guys
that's amazing I'm really you get one
you get one you know what it came in a
freaking crane but yeah I say guys I do
we sell your friggin lives
I might think I did to do that pretty
sure well put the strip but we got to to
so yeah why not guys
I'll come bite you on the gotta fly so
well yeah that's so cool guys that's
nothing really well so we set up two of
the lies we've set up this one right
there and of course one bind here we
haven't done the strip light yet because
that's still deciding where wants to put
that but yet the room as you can see is
now looking pretty damn cool a toy how
to use all the app and everything but
now what we're doing is using this for
the first time gonna put some money in
and get some jelly beans dad do the
honors mmm
hey there we go so guys just like that
one hour
has passed and basically you know how I
always bang on about how I'm doing up my
room my bedroom at my dad's now I'm
going to show you right now reveal to
you some of the changes that we are
making we're almost over the room we're
down to the last few things and we
should be done in the next few weeks now
I'm gonna 100% do a full video showing
you guys the entire room giving you a
set up tour you've never seen before but
wanna do right now is go upstairs and
I'm gonna give you a little bit of walks
because we just set up the philips hue
eyes in the room and I'm not gonna lie
looks amazing
BAM setup GJ Omega bed freaking whole
thing there look at this guy sighs all
your game for now so yeah we know I'm
back outside doing guys honestly is
looking amazing we put so much work into
it I'm getting a 4pc like it like a
three thousand pound incredible gaming
PC in there I'm getting like double
monitor setup or cable manage guys I
cannot wait to gonna look amazing if
you're excited for the full video if you
want to see the full video remember to
drop a like on the video and leave a
comment down below telling me wash it
out to the settle to potentially make it
better just before we release the video
so guys we're now down in the living
room I wanted like that show you
something the he here he ki likes a lot
guys look at that
that explains the one in what a fifties
fully mechanical no electricity
troubleshooting and it's actually made
by you might know Sagan only takes
expenses with sweet I even legal tender
anymore services with Twitter of teeth
watch me when watch moving guy watch it
ah I didn't win basically guys what's
happening right now is I am heading back
to mums I've been here I think about
five hours we've been doing all our
stuff how do you enjoy Christmas and how
have you enjoy peasants either does it
look good pretty good
yeah a lot of time it's really really
good really really good telling the
conversation how your Christmas when but
yeah I'm a head back to moms run a cigar
little bit editing to do so we are now
back
as you can tell guys I've got my frickin
huge like sweet machine holder the top
down there in that bag as ya guys I love
you go upstairs and then talk to you
more in a minute so I'm just sat down
now at my desk
enjoying a nice turkey sandwich and a
few Pringles like why they I'm not but
yeah Christmas 2016 for me has been
really really good I was so happy seeing
how from my parents work with their
guests and honestly like man were really
cool tube obviously like this year it's
been kind of more about giving from
using guessing and I've had a really
really good time this year you've seen
all the reactions to them and then
obviously the prank was really really
funny too but yeah guys I hope you had a
really really good Christmas merry
Christmas to everyone watching this tell
me the conversation blow what you
actually got for Christmas and tell me
if you've got everything that you wanted
also tell me what you gave your parents
and your family for Christmas because
I'm interested in that too
and also if you leave our lives on this
video that mean the absolute world to me
guys honestly that'd be amazing but yet
I'm not an amazing year this year it's
been absolutely crazy about such a
freaking blast and I'm glad that you
guys are all here and you can share this
moment with me guys thank you all so
much for watching the video if you've
enjoyed them to leave a like comment and
check my other social medias in
description below I'm eat my turkey
sandwich so guys as always I've involved
you guys in awesome and I'll see you in
my next video peace out if you enjoyed
this video then remember to subscribe
the mugsy's teller again forget to leave
a like if you have a big penis thanks
for working Lisa
