hello guys and welcome back to another
video and today I'm gonna be letting you
guys know about some insane life hacks
that will literally make your life
better these are so simple yet so damn
effective you need to try these now I'm
gonna be talking you through a lot of
them and also demonstrating a lot of
them today and it's honestly gonna be
amazing now the first one is a phone
life hack this one is dead simple yet so
damn effective when you're charging your
phone if you want to get more charge
than what you should do is put your
phone in to airplane mode and then you
will get more charge when charging it
guys it's that freaking simple that's
literally it now the second life hack is
a way that you can make someone really
really happy today if you want to do
your good deed for the day here's how
you can with literally two clicks of
your mouse or trackpad whichever one you
use it boys if you hit that like button
down below and also subscribe to my
channel you will make me so freakin
happy and that'll be your good deed for
the day done and also maybe we could get
to like mare don't know 35,000 likes you
maybe maybe how this one guys is so
freakin awesome what you need for this
is a pair of earphones there can be any
air phones and if you've ever wanted to
know which side of your earphones is
which so much easier than actually
having to lock on your earphones and
look for the actual L or the are on them
this is how you can know which side is
the left and which side is the right
literally instantly now you get your
earphone this one right here is the left
side basically what you want to do is
tie a little knot in the left side like
so and then basically guys that tiny
knot will indicate which side is which
because if you're not the left side
you're gonna easily know which one's the
left side so you don't have to spend
ages messing about trying to figure out
which side is which you're just freaking
know instantly and that one literally
takes like three seconds to do i'm
richard has done it now another mental
life hack is how you can get to sleep
easier this one has saved me so much in
the past I've been doing this now about
half a year that's when I discovered it
and honestly this has really really
helped me out like this one is crazy
basically guys if you're rolling around
in bed really really tired but you can't
seem to get to sleep through this and it
is bound to help you guys you want to
blink constantly as fast
you can't robot a minute i'ma doing
right now to demonstrate
yeah it hasn't been a minute but you
guys get the gist of it I'm basically
doing that will tire out your eyes and
sometimes it can be the edge that you
need to just get your sleep easily
what if you want to get into bed just do
it before you go to bed cause it can
really really help and slightly later on
in the video there'll be another easy
trick of how you can get to sleep
quicker here's a really simple one guys
if you want to remove the stem of a
strawberry really easily then what you
want to do is you want to get a straw
and poke it through the bottom of the
strawberry and then you can literally
just poke up the stem out of the top guy
so simple yet so damn effective guys I
got myself a strawberry
I got myself a straw let's see if we can
poke out this stem with this straw oh
yeah look at that guy's there we frickin
go a few leaves got caught but basically
you can pull out the whole freaking stem
how cool is that has this ever happened
to you before you pour drink on the
floor someone comes in kicks over or you
forget this on the floor and just kick
the freaking thing over water goes
everywhere it can even get dangerous if
you do it near a plug socket or
something yet a way that you can reduce
the risk of this happening is just put
your frickin drink inside a shoe then it
grips back to the floor and there's less
chance of you kicking it over and
actually spill it simple good now if you
think my hair is looking really really
long right now and you want me to get it
cool if you leave a comment on the video
down below telling me to get a haircut
that will make me 72% more likely to go
and get my freakin haircut try it right
now now this one can be very very useful
a person usually makes my hand gestures
when telling a true story so if someone
sat like this or some vinegars with a
hand still behind the sides that usually
usually means that they're telling some
kind of a lie or a fin now you can use
this to your advantage if you want to
tell the lion maybe get away with it I
have you've got to feel that someone's
lines here look at their hands if they
stole it still that could mean that
they're like hey yeah doctor you sure
your hypertension our doctor Oh liar now
spending more time outside can actually
reduce your chances of depression so it
looks like me being a youtuber is really
screwing me over here because I do not
leave the house have you ever been at
McDonald's you go over to the condiment
section I think that's my column is it
condiments whatever you go over to get
some freakin ketchup or some barbecue
sauce now you you don't want just one
part ketchup you want to are free
however you don't want to get one fill
it up put it down give another one fill
it up put it down now this one is pretty
popular so you may already know a way if
you get the part of ketchup you can
actually spread out the pot to make a
lot bigger that way you can fit more
ketchup or barbecue sauce in your pot
and you don't have to get like two or
three have you ever been in this
scenario you've ordered a takeaway that
can be pizza Chinese Indian whatever you
want you wanted to take away we have to
go and pick it all however maybe after
you've picked up the takeaway you want
to go into the shop or get something
like that but as you leave the takeaway
longer and longer it's gonna be getting
colder and colder so when you get home
it may need to be microwaved often
microwaving takeaway always just takes
all the flavor away if your car has
heated seat and basically place your
pizza or whatever take where you've got
on the heated seat put up too much heat
and that will do a good job of keeping
your takeaway warm so that when you get
home you don't have to microwave it and
it tastes as good as when you picked it
up to the maker temples have you ever
been in this situation you're in public
and you're wearing a hoodie this could
be at IOD
or just any hoodie in general and then
you get hot so basically you want to
take off your hoodie however when you go
to pull it off you end up pulling up
your t-shirt with the hoodie and then
after you took your hoodie off you look
around and you see like two or three
people staring at ya
unless you've got an absolutely banging
body you probably don't want that
happening so here's a way that you can
take off your hoodie and not end up
showing your body to everyone it's kind
of hard to explain but not hard to do
remotely basically if you get your arms
and put them back foolishly and actually
take your arms out of the sleeves but
keeping them inside the hood ey can do
can actually pull up your hoodie without
your hand in the sleeves I don't know I
know what you're like basically means
you can take it off without showing your
belly you might already know it it's
really really easy to do but yeah there
you go
actually it's getting quite hot in there
guys might just quickly take my hoodie
off but you know I don't want to show
you guys my fricking body there we've
broken go I was only joking by the way
it's not high in air at all i'ma put it
back on okay okay let's do this
now this one doesn't apply to me but
this is a really really cool one which
will work for a lot of you guys
specifically the gamers or just anyone
with a computer now with your computer
obviously you've got to have a keyboard
and as you guys may know who own
keyboards it can be really really hard
to clean the dirt out of a keyboard or
not do just all the little bits of stuff
that game between the keys now this one
don't really apply to me because I've
got the Apple keyboard and the keys are
literally so fin but basically if you
want to clean inside the keys of your
keyboard gay sticky no or get the sticky
bit of it and Daniel it in between the
keys because it's paper you can fit it
through easily but because it's sticky
it will get up all the little hairs or
the little bits of like crumbs and I'll
clean the keyboard really really easily
can be a little bit time-consuming
though now here's one that I have done
many many times you've got yourself a
jar of Nutella however the problem is
you use most of the Nutella out the jar
and you're down to just like the little
bits that are like stuck on the edges of
the jar you stick your spoon and you try
and get them up but you can't get much
out however you don't want to waste all
that good Nutella is still in the jar if
you go up to the shop and get some ice
cream or just go in your freezer and get
some ice cream if you've got some put
the ice cream into the jars Nutella and
basically that'll allow you to get all
the freeking the Tower and have a really
nice Nutella ice cream guys it's so
simple but it's good if you wanna have
ice-cold water when you're out and about
on the go the way to do it is to get a
plastic bottle really about a quart or
maybe third of the way full with water
and lay on its side put it in the
freezer and then freeze it for a while
or get it back out put some more water
in the quarter of the bottle which is
filled with ice will slowly melt into
the bottle however it won't be stuck at
the bottom but since you've laid it down
flat
the ice water will spread out evenly
into the bottle it'll basically allow
you to have a really a score bottle
water when you're on the ball yeah we
frickin go
don't salted right let me ask you guys
this freaking simple question have you
ever slept through your alarm not going
to Lies happen to me a few times
here's the trick which can reduce the
likeliness of that ever happening again
it's freaking crazy guys now if your
alarm is set on your smart phone what
you can do is you can put your iPhone
into a glass just the court and
basically when the alarm goes off the
sound will be increased and you will be
more likely of waking up it's not simple
guys it's crazy but Morgan we don't
believe you I hear some of you guys are
skinned let me freaking demonstrate guys
um make sure you have a glass big enough
but yet take my word for it it does work
yeah here is something you may not know
about a cat you get yourself a can it
could be a diet coke could be a coke
gonna be described and you also get
yourself a straw you then put the straw
into the can and what do you know it
lifts and floats out with a can and
falls out guys I'm going to show you a
trick how you can stop that ever
happening again basically you want to
get the top of the can the little cat
thing twist it round so the hole is over
the hole of the actual car and then put
the straw through the hole that way it
ain't gonna be falling out guys so
freakin cool such an easy trip to so
simple gives another life hike related
to drinks now if you've got drink of
let's say we'll just say diet coke why
the hell not and you want to put ice
cubes in the drink to make it colder
however you don't want your drink to be
watered down by the water which is
obviously made out of the ice there's a
fairly time-consuming but a pretty cool
trick and how we can stop that happening
if you freeze into ice cube the liquids
that you actually
Lincoln's okay freeze dico into ice
cubes and then put the diet coke ice
cubes into the drink of diet coke and
ain't gonna be watered-down is it and
now for the final live part I'm gonna
tell you guys another way which can help
you get to sleep now guys this one's
gonna sound kind of strange but let's
say you've been in bedding you're tired
and you want to get to sleep however you
can if you actually tell your brain that
you don't want to sleep if you just
think right I don't want to sleep
anymore
I don't want to sleep that can actually
trick your brain into making you fall
asleep guys it's not just try it it's
freaking cool and guys there we freakin
go that is all the live parts out the
way now go out and try some of these and
tell me the conversation how you found
them and if they helped you also add my
other social medias and tell me on there
if these tricks helped use Twitter
snapchat and Instagram they'll all be in
the description I'll be on the screen
right now guys Adam up and yeah that is
about it for this video thank you all so
much for watching I said earlier if you
could leave a like that I'd be
absolutely amazing and subscribe to the
channel if you are new was always I've
been bored you guys have been awesome
and I will see you in the next video
peace out if you enjoyed this video then
remember to subscribe to mug this
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis
thanks for watching
visa
