it's time to burn the easies it's going
down no they're really on fire bro no no
what are you doing mind are you an idiot
husband guys so this might look really
really strange on the Morgan no
footmarks isn't back basically means
you're actually clubbing on Morgan's
channel which sounds really odd Oh God
so what Morgan doesn't know is he is
getting pranked right now
got that phone laughs you guys don't
know already who I am I'm Ryan I've been
in a bunch of Morgan's vlogs Morgan
thinks that I'm here today just to blog
which I can't find the blog of my
channel is in the description basically
you can find like the behind the scenes
within the vlog for today things that
we're doing an accent challenge on he's
the channel but white doesn't realize is
what he's currently in the shower bar
good more good okay so Morgan's curling
the shower now about two and a half
weeks ago with people a very expensive
pair of shoes now they're the easy 350
boost is some of the call I lost you
expert and now that he's got them he
loves them more than his own family like
Jill you can box him yeah it's really
sad yeah it looks of shoes more than me
loves her shoes more than Bruno at
cleanup when I when he goes to bed at
night and the bed with him we went to
watch TV earlier and I wasn't allowed to
sit next to Morgan he's usually Hudson
next to Morgan and I had on the other
chair which was disappointing and
distressing really if I don't clean them
right I get into trouble
we are pranking morning today and we are
burning some fake Edie's data port and
Amazon for like 20 Twitter something I
would got oil all over them so they go
up in flames and hopefully we get a
massive massive reaction from both the
easies and Morgan because that would be
absolutely great I know you guys are
Mortgage channel are really really
supportive and I think that Morgan's you
get what do you say 50,000 50,000 right
yeah yeah you know what let's make you
special
fifty thousand four hundred and sixty
one lights if you guys get to that light
target then I'll burn these real easy so
here the fake uses up before and we've
been thinking what's the best way to
sort of burn these we can't actually
really use petrol because that would be
too out of control we don't want to
cause any harm or anything like that
gonna stop the shoes full of the kitchen
roll and we're gonna pour oil all over
the shoes alright don't fire I'm going
to put it down in this little panting
that we've got you see like the flames
it gives off
I've got the green fire I've got the
green fire bud grave I love you fixed up
they are unreplaceable or irreplaceable
the bear because he took him so long to
get these shoes as well you had to go
through several different people to get
them shipped I let's get this done
boil them boil them or through that and
pour oil over the top as well now how
long's going to be a shower for we need
to get this done really quickly you guys
want to see the behind the scenes the
link to my other description where you
guys can find the blog and the behind
the scenes of what's happened in this
basically so it's got nothing to do with
me
this is this is all me up like crazy
don't let it's not gonna try and get
over tomorrow I will stop in if he does
I'll stop it I'm really nervous I'm sure
you're happy without further ado let's
actually go in Franken right guys and
girls so rounds upstairs getting the
cameras ready we've just heard Morgan's
coming out the shower so literally it's
nearly time to prank him this is payback
for the ice bar for making me eat
cinnamon and for our fast a spring
payback time yeah you ready - we are are
you ready
we are gonna get him so good like I'm
just I'm really excited let's do this
thing is you'll be coming out any second
okay really excited I'm so yeah I'm
scared to you Ryan I'm hoping mortgages
actually notice this time I picked up
his big D hoping Morgan does actually
notice this but I picked up his big abd
I'm gonna get a shot of the ez Zor also
because I'm gonna hold the handheld one
when he comes down so I'll get like the
first time react you know I'm a little
bit nervous y'all but I'm nervous
honestly I don't know how it's gonna
come up I think he loves these more than
me northern Peru no probably more than
you as well Ryan he just loved the Jesus
it would not surprise me a few moments
later
it's time to burn the easy it's going
down we like this I'm going to hand you
the camera right now are to go and bomb
I'm so nervous
oh my god you get them inside it that's
the way to oh man
that you're really great rhymes I think
he's gonna absolutely I think it's gonna
really
go shut them down now
take it
thanks attention you can stop looking
down more good time
Oh funny nothing
oh where are you going stop it you can't
die Morgan for lunch Morgan you can't go
outside that barrel fire
Morgan my mouth is not shopping much
don't you hate yourself dude seriously
stop your hate no no what you doing my
are you an idiot I can't let it stop
Morgan stop right there not your real
doozies they're not real mine more you
do it so they're not real no they're
fake I bought them on Amazon for like 20
quid month do youdo you know how fucking
dangerous that is mine dude you could
have set fire to anything on my shoot
no deaf eight they fake yours are in the
kitchen somewhere look that is your
brand new camera you just almost burnt
her first like I kind of couldn't see
the stripe well then I thought like
number one I've got no other shoe is
number two it could have melted off the
white where the fang I bought it for 20
primer I want to see him how old I want
to be snow away after you broke into
that box
oh I told you we wouldn't burn your real
easy that was coming like you brought
over me that that was that was deserved
you have trees always better than you
treat any of us yes I guess what lesshan
is you like Morgan dies what the funds
really want to know don't play with fire
I think is that it may listen he grabbed
that you grab the rubber mat and he
started beating then shoo fly everywhere
I think I'll leave more we do now Joe
saying what you want but I mean that
black very successfully if you guys want
to see me do more Brian Ted go check out
our link to the description and yeah I
think women s is it all really no guys I
thought I'd do is just add a little bit
into the video to explain to you guys
about some giveaways that happening on
my channel right now now if you saw my
video that I uploaded yesterday you
probably already know about the
giveaways but one update some of them in
this video and also tell you guys about
them and I've got feeling there's gonna
be a lot of people watching this video
which won't we've seen yesterday's video
so I want to tell you guys about the
insane giveaways they're going on right
now trust me I'm not gonna go on flight
ten minutes guys it won't be too long my
eyes looking absolutely atrocious but me
what
to do so there's two kind of giveaways
which I'm doing on the channel on doing
this gift card giveaways and I'm doing
the major prize giveaways these are two
separate things however I'm going to
tell you guys about both of them number
one I'm gonna be giving away well
originally I was going to be giving away
eight of these gift cards 25-pound
iTunes and Google Play one but since I
gave the first one away yesterday when
you guys are watching this yeah now we
have 7 left and basically what I'm doing
for the next 7 days which is how many of
these I have left 8 p.m. what I'm doing
is I'm posting one of these codes on to
email my Instagram story my snapchat
story or my Twitter via a tweet however
here's the twist how I post the code is
going to be a random social media for
that day so it's basically gonna be long
and then the code will be put publicly
and it's gonna be like a race but who
can crave it first now realistically if
you want to win yourself a code you're
gonna need to be ready the way you're
gonna be ready he's by following all the
social medias I'll leave all the links
in the description down below and
they're all on the screen right now now
as well as that I am doing a grand prize
giveaway ladies and gentlemen an Xbox 1s
a ps4 Pro and an iPad pro ladies and
gentlemen this is a massive baking
giveaway all three of those prizes are
on the line for one of you one of you
guys for free of you guys to win no I
was just gonna leave in though I the
hell nah I'm using the website called
leave this giveaway there's gonna be a
link in the description below be sure to
go check that out basically there's
multiple ways you can enter this
giveaway you don't have to do all of
them however the more things you do the
more entries you have the more chances
of you winners and the way you get
entries is let you
and stuff like adding me on snapchat
retweeted a tweet and really simple
supply that don't feel like a big
supporter stuff that you probably are
already doing then basically guys this
is going to be New Year's giveaways
gonna end on the 1st of January at 8
p.m. so go check the link in description
below bear the details and yeah guys
it's gonna be absolutely amazing and
also if you want links for the full
details go check out yesterday's video
which is literally telling you guys all
about the giveaway so you guys know when
to get ready for the prizes and yeah
sorry to interrupt you but that is about
it let's get back to the end of the
prank and I hope you guys enjoyed this
segment and also the prank because here
it was pretty freaking funny I've just
been edited you got pranked hard
Oh guys I'm back in my room right now
rhyme is in here honestly at first I
just genuinely didn't know what to do
like at first my initial reaction was
like this has gotta be a prank I didn't
think they'd genuinely burn my uses with
them I got there I don't know I kind of
felt like I don't know I honestly like
our African Dovan know guys if you've
enjoyed the video remember to leave it
like walls are like all 50,000 142 you
guys don't hit that then I'm gonna burn
your Yeezys if you don't hit that will
what if you do hit up and I bunt his
easy C's actually another promise that's
a price Sarah my Somali about no my uses
not my use it may as well end the video
in here why the hell not by the
Christmas tree guys as I said if you
enjoyed leave that like button all the
other social media is all on the Bridget
screen right now and all the links will
be in the description below but as
always I've been born yeah awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace out
if you enjoyed the video remember to
subscribe to mugsy's channel and don't
forget to give in life if you have a
hmm thank you what
