join December I'm going to be uploading
every single day believe me you guys
hopefully hey one day the mugs is over
I'm a disgrace why
if you moments later you know they ask
you how you are you just have to say
that you're fine yeah so we've got into
out of the way let's get back to the
actual video oh hi guys and welcome back
to another video and today i'm gonna be
ruining my life well maybe not my life
but ruining the next few days at least
hello guys if you know we're already at
the star december i decided to try
something new on the channel and try and
upload daily for every single day in
december and yeah um didn't really work
out too well did it now before you all
absolutely attack me in the comment
section below and call me lazy
i've got an actual reason why I stood
decided to stop uploading daily so you
know at least hear me out guys basically
I don't turn this video into like an
entire video me just moaning but one of
you don't really realize is how much
some time doing these videos usually
take like for me recorded a video
editing a video usually takes around 6
to 12 hours like you guys only see the
end product you don't see all the time
it takes to make it edit it all the
things that go wrong all the stress that
comes with it too
it means that when it load a layer don't
actually fire myself with much free time
on that day and none longer why guys it
did start really affecting me mentally I
was getting a lot more tired autumn or
run down and it kind of meant if I
wanted to keep the daily streak going
and after actually start spending less
time on my content and basically just
making not as good videos rushing them
out it kind of took the fun away from
doing YouTube because obviously you guys
know I love you too it's my passion I've
been wanting to do it since I was
kids and when you like forced to make a
video every day they kind of takes the
whole born out of doing it nice not
while one I didn't want to rush our
terrible content you guys I'd rather
take long long videos and know that
they're gonna be good videos rather than
just rushing out bad videos if you get
where I'm coming from and leg guys long
story short if I wanted to continue the
daily run I could have but it would have
meant just a load and worst quality
videos nice no I want to do for you guys
and yeah now we're going to the second
part of this video now I cannot change
the past and why said in my video about
31 days and more was if I did fail the
challenge why do is I do a forfeit now
in this video I'm gonna be doing the
forfeit and trust me guys it is a bad
one now as some of you may know I take
my hair quite seriously I like my hair I
like having a fresh haircut admittedly
he's not too good at the moment I really
need a trim but yeah one thing that I
hate is when my hair gets messy when my
hair gets messed up when my hair gets
wet when my hair is looking bad I feel
bad and yeah today what I'm gonna be
doing is ruining my hair we're gonna be
dyeing my hair pink literally right
think bright pink see that color up
there that's gonna be my freakin hair
now fortunately this store doesn't last
forever because if this was permanent
right I just would not ever be able to
leave the house but if you want me to
actually dye my hair permanently
probably not be giving us a little bit
too far if you want me to permanently
dye my hair like blonde or weird cool
like that and leave a like on this video
I'm actually really considering going
like bright leech blond Basin looking
like the real Slim Shady I'm kind of
considering it guys if you leave like on
this video if we get like twenty five
thirty thousand lives I'll definitely
consider it but for now we have this
stuff now this hair dye right here lasts
three to six days I could have this for
six days seriously what am I gonna do
for this next week I'm gonna have to
literally stay in size all week I mean
that's kind of what I do anyway but
freaking hell guys my life's gonna be
rude
oh my god you guys are gonna be tweeting
pictures at me you're gonna be freaking
instagramming them I'm gonna be known is
that little fifteen-year-old kid that
had pink hair like oh my days
what am I gonna do anyway guys a forfeit
is a forfeit and a deal is a deal I said
I would do a forfeit if I failed the
challenge and I frickin did so let's
head downstairs and I'm gonna let my mom
do the honors okay as you can tell we
are now down in the kitchen we'll save
it Lana ma ma ma
I am absolutely pulling myself guys so
I've set up the camera as you can
obviously tell there I've done usually I
flip out the screen so I can see myself
on recording now
it isn't flipped out mom sure it's not
flipped out Suzanne I'm not lying
hey guys there is no screen I have no
way of telling what I look like
until it's over so there's no backing
out I have no way I'm trapped this is it
my hair is going pink I know that's why
you guys want to see some mum get
started oh my god okay okay my life you
guys are not gonna let this go my
subscribers going to be tweeting
pictures and just showing oh I need a
break quick break any clumps glue that's
not good sigh I've know where no one it
looks like there's not a mirror in the
room or anything I can just smell a head
and how does it look guys tell me how it
looks
coming down the harder looking oh this
is what happens when you don't blow for
31 days
Oh God how's it looking wolf
oh it's nice actually washing my hands
yeah probably will I don't know Joel's
trolls trolls update our controls so
slow compliment is it looks like don't
look stupid a people I'm probably gonna
look at me now I'm really gonna get for
it now ah it's cold
Oh Living Dead yeah yeah you did this
no I did this all right I still don't
have a clue done - Tom show me I'm happy
writing
oh my god your handle sighs I don't want
to know well Sykes
you're blocking the view
they ask you how your you just have to
say that you're fine when you're not
really fine but you just can't get into
it because they would never understand
oh it's cold I don't know why the camera
shows some damn respect no one knows
just to blend all God's gone and follow
what won't be honest for me
I'm so am I so beautiful now it's over
you know it's a go soft in a bit oh
they'll stay off forever Morgan that's
what she said basically guys mum's going
to take me to the mirror close my eyes
and then reveal all in front of the
mirror I'm not you know where you going
yeah okay well it's not as bright Nexus
and I won't go through - OH
oh my god oh holy victim Labine game
Alicia I like your Sean's best I don't
borrow one of my dresses what am I gonna
take look at me Oh Morgan you watch Miss
to do it I've got two outs in London
tomorrow with pink um oh it looks
brighter in here and white just the row
don't worry
well Morgan you can't eat here you said
I'm gonna do alone download a video
everyday download a video everyday
the video every day no no no no no no no
no no no no no no and you didn't do it
so I should punish men probably look at
my table mover it's just stuck
you just stuck a compliment it's just it
looks it is what wheel
he doesn't want real I don't it was like
it's drawn out from look at me I got me
a loser like every barrel shot what
about the other part of the Dare put
some makeup on guys lots of me if you
want to see me put makeup on leave I'm
going to be an ugly car for a new video
actually if you want mom to put makeup
on me for video oh my god help me that's
got a big cloud makeup
so do you glad you've done that then no
that's that looks bright when you don't
it from this angle
oh my god a side look at this is so
strong I'll go make the most out of the
situation get some views well guys dice
the end of the video if you've enjoyed
remember to leave a like guys my hands
been spray paint if you could legalize
just just cheer me up guys I just I'm
not feeling very good right now and also
remember to check out my other social
medias Instagram Twitter tell me how
cute level on that guys if you're new to
the town remember to hit that big red
subscribe button down below
that's right for me so far as always
I've been more you guys been also
I'll see you in my next video peace if
you enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe in mugsy's channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis thanks for watching this sucker
