seriously I would be amazing mom you
know
let's get frickin song let's stop oh oh
look at the amount of wards we have here
guys gonna load them up into the blender
and basically make one of the Cyrus
drinks freakin ever guys know what we're
gonna do is first of all load all these
assaulted sour candy or this smells so
like sour smell one whom they literally
smell sour
oh maybe try one more game let's go try
ok 3 2 1 it's a sorrowful I can take it
Oh Marvin that is horrible
oh god I swear that is horrible oh ok
it's not meant to be edible
we must not sweet that I know of so
basically guys know what we got to do is
literally get to me this is literally
going to take ages we're gonna feel free
to help we've narrowed it down we're
about halfway there are the warheads as
you can see we've had to take out some
of the Amazon non-branded stuff because
we've got about 1,300 sweets in total we
can only fit in I'm guessing about 1,000
so I'm gonna start on the toxic waste
now get some of them in but yet this
thing is gonna be so freakin sour just
look at this guy's
oh my days we literally don't we've just
about filled up the blender and
obviously now we need to add the liquid
now my liquid of choice is going to be
Tropicana orange juice because you can't
go wrong with a tropic on earth now
unfortunately we couldn't fit in all the
wars there's literally just too many to
a god evil mixing them all totally waste
warheads and also the dodgy Amazon and
non-branded stuff but yeah basically
what we do now the point this topic on
so we're gonna literally makes 1,000
pieces of the Sun responding with
drinking orange juice and we're gonna
blend this all
oh no we don't have enough oh God slight
problem guys we don't have enough orange
juice but breaking mom to the rescue
she's gonna give me another one yes okay
top don't eat too full so we're going
about that that's far too much
okay well hi you all you guys ready oh
sorry drink ever in the world in the
world
my very Marvin Sheffield the Saturn in
shampoo let's take them over to the
blender five and guys this is the moment
you've all been waiting for
well hope you probably just skipped to
this moment but yeah guys in here we
have 1,000 pieces of some of this iris
candy in the world warheads toxic waste
random aha I'm the zombie branded still
and yet as well as that topical a boy
she can't go wrong with some chopper
Connor who don't want your recorder do
you look oh my god yeah - this is the
second time reviews this I'm using yet
this is my first time is this what
they're gonna be code isn't gonna be
able to blend one bottle mister company
guys
let's freaking find out
hey hey oh my god guys freakin local ah
I think it's all over I think it's over
guys I think it's frickin ready here we
go
it's not doing it
mommy's not mommy's not doing it I am
not drinking ah there we go
oh my god it smells sour
it smells sour I'm not having any okay
guys if I die I just want to say a few
words
yeah - oh I'm good look
it was at this moment that he knew he
fucked up Oh was it bad Morgan become
fully Cola is it really bad oh you've
got to drink all of it solely drink I
only drink
oh all the computer fail it's a another
cholan if had the only way I'm going to
drink this is if I do it fast I'm gonna
do it I'm gonna do it swagger three two
one
it says they don't like my stomach it's
pretty killing that my stomach is up cuz
it just tastes revolting is it is it
really harmful
you've been drinking that's even half
I've got a bit under a thing
man down we got man down man down
or a manga oral you've nearly done come
on man you could you might as well do it
now go look Oh what I say oh how do I
drink ah look at that
it hasn't lived there's no possible way
I can drink that Jesus oh my god okay
guys let's quickly finish this off this
is what's left and right I'm just gonna
do it three two one go Morgan
Oh Oh nearly you nearly did it closing
my mouth gluten oh now the first note i
feel taste blood another ten tracks at
how much it's not it's not usually
horrible i'm walks you you i've been
awesome I wasn't doing the hot chow
sorry let's just finish off guys this is
for this is for you Christopher that's
watching the three two one
you'd be doing that oh oh
sink sink don't me to film this no sorry
I've had a full glass you're at least
freaking trying it well stuck in here I
don't know hey seriously it could be
anything more let's just just do it oh
come on you didn't swallow and it
breathe too big mouth for Mom or is the
oh yeah how's that guys if that frickin
doesn't deserve a good life I don't even
know what those guys I got right the
full glass obviously - all this stuff
would you have to take out because
that's not that's not even a liquid
that's a frickin solid but yeah I drank
all the drink - all of that for yes
seriously guys this is going straight in
the bin do not try it at home just do
frickin not try at home it's all in it
well the end of this video if you
enjoyed please leave a like I was one of
the worst challenges I've ever done by a
freaking mouth guy but I still did it
for teen boys out there mom what should
they do if they've enjoyed the video
leave a like
hey mom those guys leave a like if you
enjoyed subscribe if you're new and as
always I've been more you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in the next
video peace out if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe to mugs is
Jana I don't forget to leave a like if
you have a big penis thanks for watching
peace out
