hey Siri turn on my lights oh they only
start for me today guys it's half 5 a.m.
and basically today I'm gonna be
vlogging I've got an absolute ton of
stuff lined up this vlog it's gonna be
amazing but before I run you guys
through all that I need to go and get a
shower immediately because I need to
wake up
I feel half asleep right now so 3 2 1
alright guys I'm just downstairs in my
kitchen now as you can probably tell but
the reason I'm off at 6:00 a.m. is
because today I've got stone which still
planned it's going to be such an
action-packed day firstly I need to
record and edit a video for ball 2 p.m.
because at 2 p.m. I'm going out to
Westar meet one of my friends and we're
going to go around looking in some shops
enough so yea this vlog is gonna be
filled with stuffing as well as that
even at 100% nose can happen is my
Yeezys are coming today my brand new
easy will be coming today in the morning
and I cannot wait because this is my
first pair of Yeezys ever and as always
have a look at them but talk more about
them when they actually arrive now I'm
still quite new to the whole vlogging
sea and I'm not sure if you guys fully
like it so if you want me to do more
vlogs like this on the channel and leave
a like down below
I'm also leave a comment in the comment
section down below of something I could
actually vlog if there's a place like to
see me go to a blobby experience tell me
what you want to see in the conversation
below guys and don't forget to leave a
like if you have a big penis hope for
now I need to get some orange juice art
there's no in it are you kidding me
Gulliver Capri so instead lights
actually do you know what oh oh no this
just couldn't have gone any worse could
it oh for God's sake oh hello Bruno
how's your day going telly oh yeah what
are you doing then
what are you doing okay I'm gonna leave
you asleep bro okay apparently doesn't
want to sleep why is there tissue on the
fall guys welcome back to another
you're on today a few moments later are
you guys that is a wrap on the video I
just recorded
it's a funny serie tricks video I'm
getting old today guys we need to edit
now well you've probably already seen it
I'm going to get this video edited
before 2 p.m. and it's currently oh oh
it's 10:00 to 7:00 guys we've got we've
got more than enough time now in terms
of my Yeezys guys they are coming before
1 p.m. I want to show you guys the more
want to talk to you about them so yeah
that's really really high let me show
you guys one of these really really cool
Siri tricks hey Siri below that now
that's the end of the video guys
remember to smash the like button ah now
it's not at the end of this video I mean
it's over to start but that is freaking
cool you can make it say whatever you
want okay guys so is now ten o'clock
kind of just taking a quick break in
between editing Yeezys could be coming
any time guys honestly it could come
literally right now who knows I'm gonna
put me train - in a minute - West I'm
gonna arrive at Western at 2:30 p.m. so
then we got a full day there I'll
probably arrive back here more like
10:00 or something but I'm gonna do some
shopping see Ryan and yeah it's gonna be
good but for now finish this at it and
wait for the easy spoo you don't know
what I'm doing
give yourself let me let some sunlight
into this room ahh Jesus Christ I don't
want so did ya guys make their finish my
video now all sorted by guys the
doorbell has just gone I'm pretty sure
my niece's are here guys I think they
might be here let's go have a look hello
big box coming in a band
got stuck guys wish the shoes aren't
here although I gave her this something
else criminal Road in a minute man you
just told me okay that could be them
okay so no more shoes I hear you guys
but hello yeah we've got these few
packages here rather than guys as you
see had a smash down from both than
packages and yeah basically it was just
an absolute ton more Orbeez now the
reason I got these is because obviously
we haven't already seen my Orbeez video
go check it out where you have noticed
in that video ask for 30,000 like I said
I'll make my mum do the challenge yeah
basically we smashed it so what I've
done is I've ordered a ton more orbits
for this part so we can base
we fill it right to the top we're gonna
add them in now ready for the video with
my mum doing it let's just add all of
these in so yeah we've added the more
than guys there's a few more bags but
yes all in Kay guys that another parcels
here guys a parcel we're talking about
is this the shoes hello hello hey hey
wait we got him guys this is to 100% the
shoes Stephen in the other - Bob even
though I haven't shown them yet they'll
just know 100% basically like five
people type in the conversation more
your years is a fake just shut up just
shut up three two one oh okay look at
that then these are the new on by the
way I got them in copper I talked more
about them in just a sec but first let's
just let's just get these bad boys out
why we why we waiting oh yes they slide
out here we go we got the receipt and
then it here is the shoes oh damn would
you look at that they finally arrived oh
man these are looking pretty freaking
sweet guys not gonna lie look at that
look at that stitching
I can't wait to jump into muddy puddles
with these hahahahahahaha Marge if I did
that I'd just get slaughtered in the
comments well basically ever since the
first ones got released I've been
thinking like I've been wanting some
basically I've always been like like
ready to buy them like ready to say yeah
kind of have some in life I them but I
just never actually just did it like
I've had everything ready I've said like
today I'm gonna buy easy if I just
haven't I just haven't been able to
justify spending that much on a pair of
shoes and Mogens sandwich of spade guys
but it was a long guys let's just let's
just say that and yet I just never liked
being able to just just do it and I just
thought christmas is coming up I'm gonna
treat myself and it's gonna buy a pair
the new ones because I just love the
look of these I really like the color a
lot better than I was expecting actually
the color looks just really good but
yeah guys we've got Yeezys finally got
uses honestly I've been wave these for
so long and I'm hyped guys I'm freaking
height another package has frickin cane
this one's from Amazon right so in this
box is a Philips hue bridge another one
and the reason I've got another one is
I'm looking to get another lot of
Philips you set up in my dad's room
obviously I've told you guys I'm doing
it all up and yeah I'm good I'm just
gonna take that - my dad's next time ago
my dad so yeah guys were off to Westar
in about
15 minutes guys about 50 minutes I'm
gonna go to the train station off the
last it's a 1 hour train journey so not
too bad I'm not gonna wet my ears I'm
just gonna wear my my normal ultra boost
just because I'm so I'm not sure about
lifestyle don't have one with a girl all
right then boys and girls let's get this
show on the road
oh oh look at these fingers in the way
yeah basically guys we're in the car I
now look at this weather
I hope Onaga mellitus and Wesley yes
it's not very good is it mum let's
change this is frozen guys as you know
now I'm on the way to less time meeting
Ryan it's gonna be a good day guys guys
arrived at Chesterfield station now just
going in and then we can get on the
train and get to lasting I spoil him in
a journey not too bad I guess that's not
too bad
by the guys who've arrived in less now
you can tell it's been like 20 minutes
of blogs on Twitter is looking very
confusing for silo box give me close
enough we get five guys in a little bit
which is quite exciting and a pile
arises we going to bank which school
will okey coming to record people's pins
yeah all right five guys husband
spotters I can't wait to take this meat
from five guys oh boy let's do this
oh my days all my days look at a star
this looks absolutely paying Ryan how
was your five guys
he won't focus
I know you did
absolutely moist I'm very I was very so
now it's not basically one change to
come but what you might now is going to
the cinema for watching bad 72 i watch
the first on honestly spooky-looking
right guys so this point the vlogger put
my finger over the camera so you can't
really hear me but literally all I said
was that we had 10 minutes to get to the
film and we were running late
you're good but look John to me I'm
using time but as you know it's just out
of five guys that's not enough food fat
more just coming back lads pick-and-mix
massive washed hangar ice bust it was a
long way we're going oh yeah what's
being Oh Ian you got one to check the
screen me second the vlog is waiting
boys screen is two floors up a lot too
strong in my drink what's a well oh boy
here we go
some chaos in the cinema look as we sit
at the back I don't know if you can see
me on camera oh my days okay you can see
me when a washes film take over the
whole well that is the end of the film
guys I was compelled just like the
cinema was Ryan what did you think of
the film it was pretty sheer the end
this star was pretty good but the end
yeah he hasn't seen the first one I've
seen the first I thought the first one
was I want my best films like I've ever
seen girls believe me the second one was
not as good
yeah when you said cars good sequels and
never as good as a bird but I still got
a song I did still good girl well yeah I
think we're gonna go shopping are and
there's few things we need to get slight
problem guys my phone just died I'm
gonna bring any other source of power so
looks like I'm buying a charged case
right then boys we've just gone in Foot
Locker bought some more stuff this bag
is heavy I got like an 11 degree I'll
show you guys later when we have no I
know but yeah burning guys you just
start in Casta right now do you mind
Oh side down vlog boy I feel like I just
come outside up boy this vlog like this
like
every single you know what though annoy
everyone that will annoy everyone I said
my phone was out of charge I went ahead
and bought these two this is 45 quid
people another power bank that doesn't
even work with iPhone how about a
stinking guys tin which we do on a box
in yeah
here we see more opening his rage box as
soon as you turn from your box into her
view okay so here we have there the
extra high capacity power bank and
basically listening to revolutionary bit
okay because guys the reason why is
Augusta cool you guys before us now the
dual USB port allows you to charge two
different devices from one power bytes
it could be charging iPhone and your
Samsung at the same time guys this is
truly revolutionary and a power on this
it can actually charge this is why you
don't have a girlfriend
holgie doesn't have friends I'm being
paid to be it but let's leaving the
shopping center now I'm going back to
the train station we'll leave this guy
here I mean I paid him my hours are up
so obviously I'll go back to the train
station now believe in the more literal
e-zine are we breathing guys all my days
so you walk straight you come straight
can see my breath gosh look at my babe
boy
whoever you like this video gets Ryan
will lose a stone in weight he allowed
me to make that joke if I said his links
in the description so a and just just
ignore the second part though right
goodbye to Ryan left him blessed him in
the dark basically guys we're on the way
to the train station to go back home
train station by 10 minutes away so yeah
we literally gonna hear a word I was
saying because of the train but yeah
literally I just said I'm on the way
home I'm absolutely not good yeah that
sucks about it guys enjoy the rest of
the video
hello how's it going
all right here yeah buddies : huh right
so about Shepard now I was going to
probably tell ya we're just don't let us
show that look at this god this is sick
boy Sheffield it's pretty study lit
right now look at that that's nice a
quite nice so basically guys I'm gonna
get a hill and then taught you guys
about more about the day I'm quite tired
guys nothing all right cuz obviously I
woke up a half five you guys remember
our guys we made it that's everything
computer your luck your mom-jo and I'll
go back when you watch this but when the
video goes up basically guys we've made
it home looking about cheeky keen
morgues there we go oh look who's coming
down ello Bruno oh here we go guys
firstly let me show you everything I
bought because I never showed you but
got some swedish fish you guys know a
lot more swedish fish you guys know my
favourite drink is fun too great so I
got another colour that you can only
really find it in like American candy
shops and a foul one in the shopping
center so yeah I was happy about that
and then yeah we got some clothes I'll
show you some of these now so is you
just legend gray and black top row point
five quitter I don't even know the brand
guns you probably know it but yeah I
just saw it look quite nice you got this
she's like a jumper which is white then
I got this white color t-shirt so yeah
that's just uh forgot the day was good I
told you buy more in a minute
so yeah it's always good traveling me
and up with some friends and just having
a good time I love the full day
obviously I got my Yeezys earlier on in
this vlog so talked about them by the
way guys they're amazing I assume you'll
see them in a lot more future videos
I've got kinda we should've wore them
now but it was really rainy and a little
bit snowy so it's kind of good that did
Oh so as you guys can tell I'm just in
bed now I'm left and the vlog here you
know
so friggin tight guys honestly today
it's been so long I don't think I'm
gonna go bed right now guys cuz I'm just
I'm hanging it on guys anyway if you
enjoyed the video remember to leave a
like and also leave a comment down below
tell me how you feel about the vlogs
tell me what you want me to vlog tell me
what you want me to do and where you
want me to go with these vlogs I want
you guys to give me some feedback and
just help me out I'll also leave a like
on the video if you want to see more
vlogs on each other guys because I'll
George Bynum our likes and comments I
get whether you guys want to see more
balls and I swear we got wall ice and
comments obviously I'll bring you guys
more vlogs that's about it guys remember
to check my social medias they'll all be
in description below but yeah um I guess
it bad no guys I'm just oh I'm feeling
it guys I'm I'm I'm not good guys thank
you all so much for watching and as
always I've been morgues you guys been
awesome and I will see you in the next
video peace out if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe to mugsy's
channel and don't forget to leave a
light if you have a big penis
hahaha thanks for watching these are
