if you want to send something for the
next period box video then I'll leave
the pill box address on the bottom of
the screen right now
maybe I should record another Bureau box
video yeah you know what that'd be good
fun I'll be good for the original video
this was a just it too but this is a new
version with some new parts and also
have to get rid of the age of to
par 31 days and mauls lives on because
technically i uploaded yesterday haha
yes guys blue or not today
I'm actually gonna be doing a few works
opening so how about we actually get the
mail whoa that was quick wasn't it guys
so yeah as you can see we have an
absolute ton of mail this is the biggest
pill box opening by a freaking mile now
yeah before we start the video I want to
tell you guys an insane trick don't ask
me where I found this out that doesn't
matter basically if you leave a like on
this video down below your look will
increase for the rest of the week
seriously guys I don't know how but it
works guys it it works hundred percent
legit
why don't you line up seriously guys if
you want me to do more of these do box
openings more frequently leave a like on
the video guys and if you want to send
something for the next peel box openings
the addresses on the bottom of the
screen right now as you can see and
further details are in the description
but it's pretty simple you just ride out
on your Volks remember what the stamp
onto basically if you don't pay for a
stamp then your stock will be left in
the post office and you know I don't
want that tough and I don't want you
guys to send stuff not knowing and then
have it left because I want to see all
your mail oh yeah I remember you will
stamp on your stuff and yeah I don't
know let's just let's just get freaking
starred and I forgot to bring my knife
so we're already off to a bad start
oh no male has just come tumbling
everywhere my knife knife knife
I don't think saying nice gonna really
help well looks like we got a kid you're
not God okay sorry about the slight
technical difficulties guys but it's all
sorted now guys because I've got the
knife oh okay
wrong knife wrong now there we go that's
the right knife Jesus you're the knife
all right summer serial killer would
carry anyway we got the knack let's just
get started guy's wife we start again
okay I'm gonna do this box first because
it's literally digging into me Joshua
gray said this so big shower to you
Joshua
come on box oh yeah oh Jesus almost
stabbed myself that's not good there we
go we finally broke the freaking team
and what am I seeing
firstly I'm seeing a heart so in the
first package guys we've got a hat we've
got some skittles Ned as well as that
we've got yo what's up it's more drawing
and then a gnome orcs first I'd like to
say you are the best youtuber in the
world don't listen to the haters out
there and never give up mate john cena
would be proud okay let's clover very
room let's get this box out the way i
think this one should be a little bit
easier to break into i think we did it
guys I think we're in ok shoe box let's
freakin slide this out of that oh my
goodness
well that note to the side are you
freaking kidding me looks like fat mods
may very well be on the return demos you
are my favorite youtuber and we love
your vids we have been watching you
since 10,000 subs we have sent you some
kosher slash Israeli or I can't say the
word guys I'm not good with pronouncing
stuff candy for you to try and ii want
me to try it so i'm gonna pick something
right now to try this video guys let's
go for something that looks really weird
let's go for this this is click choco
kid i don't know what that means guys
but i'm gonna try it but wait wait let
me check it in de rule number 1 appear
box openings always check the date of
the sweets you receive i don't want to
end up with food poisoning i cease for
2017 guys are Cindy okay there we go
let's frickin try this
hmm oh my that is freakin nice guys fat
morgue is definitely on the return this
is from Aaron /re you're re I'm not a
shy announcer again no good with without
this stuff but thank you so much guys
I'm gonna definitely be in a lot more of
this ah this guy's sent me a double w e
Legends special fork sent me a notebook
and then a bunch of football cards and
it looks like my guy's a chef your
wenzer support - so you're alleging me
guys when having trouble getting into a
package there's only one other option
actually it works guys it frickin work
Calvin Klein's guys I'm gonna give you
ten seconds to guess what drink I just
went and got time starts now
stop there's a Diet Coke guys if you
didn't guess that I'm disappointed if
you guess that I love you I freakin love
you I want to clear up some of the
bigger packages we'll get to that one in
a minute but for now we'll open this one
oh oh yes somalis that package keep
bringing take the shoe box lid on the
box feel 15 toys let's see what we got
in here we got empty iPhone 5c box
thanks you might attack we got one of
these cool a ball your tennis ball
football we all freaking everything in
here hey Sam Morton what a legend thank
you so much for sending this stuff man
okay then okay this is a fairly big one
I think that's supposed to be a pokeball
so maybe a pokemon theme package let's
do it I guess right guys look at that we
can Pokemon to not know reads lul
nothing in there
guys it's freakin over for me I'm
getting trolled by my own subscribers
also guys this is the part of the video
that I had to cut out due to the obvious
age restriction in this box there was a
sexually explicit item but basically in
there there was a dildo guys so yeah
sorry about this Pavan to be cut out I'm
going to show you the rest of the pill
box opening please leave a like and hope
you enjoy oh my god I'm scared to open
more packages now for God see next
package I've lost all the motivation for
this video now not too many things that
made me feel better right now but sweets
will definitely help we got fruit
parcels and magic stars which I freaking
love and caramel it's okay
I do like me some Gary max thank you
alright let's move on to one of these
parmesan packages I think kind of
briefly see what's in here I think it
might be Jolly Ranchers now in my last
video I said this by the way right if
you send me Jolly Ranchers I will love
you forever so yeah maybe someone just
just wanted to be a legend and send me
some let's have a look all my days this
is hard candy original flavors hard
candy original flavors hard candy
original flavors hard candy original
flavors and some freaking hard candy
original flavors guys five packs of
these cheese man legend and also we got
we got freaking tons of Amazon ones
we've got another one there which I can
see but we got one here let's open these
Amazon boxes we saw little note on the
front I think if you send a gift like an
Amazon thing as a gift you can actually
put your name on it
and like right now let's let's see paint
logs I'm a huge fan I love to watch your
videos by the way this came from Canada
my god okay that's sweet I start a new
channel called pred rocks there we go
freakin hell let's get into this I'm
excited Oh freakin legend you know what
it is voice even more Jolly Ranchers
original flavors guys also sick bag okay
so another one of these gift boxes let's
read the note on this one always the
exact same note read racks again so I'm
guessing this is just gonna be another
box if I'm correct there we go another
bag of original flavors guys Aspen Jolly
Ranchers there's a joke and I get 7 bags
thanks
thank you guys I see magic stars I see
more magic star and I also see whatever
this is Wow that's it don't gravity that
says and then on the back you chew
morgues okay
my name is Freddie I've been subscribed
to since 7k subs he's 12 years old and
obvious his brand it for his clothing 12
years old and he's got clothing nice
awesome this one right here looks very
very exciting hey that's it it's morgues
job I Tyler age 12 YouTube morgue floor
joining me there holding the part guys
cool man thanks a lot that's a really
good join 412 your man I'll give you
that that's better than me and I'm
freaking 50 oh my god another freaking
bag full over here man this is crazy
dim morgues I think you're an amazing
youtuber who's a great inspiration to me
I'm amazed at how quickly your channel
has grown compared to mine Oh from oh I
literally can't read the name I think it
might be a day only done
Oh done I'm an idiot damn thank you me I
kind of come weed free Canadian guys
it's fair to say this package is
definitely caught my attention let's get
this open oh okay what we got and what
we got in here and what we got in here
more time orgs I'm Harry 13 and his
favorite youtuber of inspiring to make a
channel called Harry right thank you so
much keep your you're gonna hit a meal
soon Congrats but when you do you're a
legend man thank you so much oh and we
got more in this package what we got
what we got skittles
okay in here we've got em oh I know what
this is isn't hey you had eat you eat
you edit you edit freaking bubbles
everywhere look they're literally
dodging my I'm gonna leave them okay
guys I've literally been sat here
opening mail for like an hour and a half
but I'm gonna open a few more bits of
mail now but if you want me to continue
this video we've added mail which what
you guys will send me for the next one I
will continue this just leave a like on
the video and tell me you want to see
another pure box video one thinking is
we can do another one on Christmas so
send stuff for that video but for now
let's let's open a few more packages
let's pick five more to open okay one
two three four and five okay
let's open these five tomorrow I want to
I'm so glad that you created a YouTube
channel because you're so funny and your
content is very good this is from Sarah
Georgia says congrats on the weight loss
and now that's the stick man that's a
real long way I read all in just a
second but thank you so much thanks a
lot
breaking ace I'm not sure what this is
I'm gonna put it in my diary looking
like John Cena with the wristbands a you
know what while the topic of John Cena
if someone wants to make me the happiest
young boy in the world send me a friggin
door double you bet I want to be John
Cena boy I wanna be shot sir okay we got
tangos our lunch bites
they look pretty sour I guess hey well
hurry Bo's love our emails man thank you
pretty good George that's kiddin you got
hairy baby go and drop one of them but
we got hurry babes again we got a big
join in my god look at that
I think his name is Jack so thank you
jack so guys want to the final little
package slash letter off today let's
make a good one let's freakin get this
open coke keyring guys awesome oh my god
that's actually really cool another key
ring and then some match attax in there
let's read the letter the final letter
of today's video there's two out of
nowhere the first one is a drawing hello
boys my name is Liam chambers I've been
watching you for about three weeks but I
think that you are amazing and I was one
of the people that made him carry on
with this channel make guys incredible
that's awesome Liam chambers thank you
so much man just thank thanks a lot
you're a legend but that is the end of
this pure box opening we've slowed up
quite a bit left but as I said I want to
carry it on this over into the next one
to make the Christmas want motive guys
feel free to send any more mail to the
Pierre voltage s which is on your screen
right now you can mix or you can send
stuff from Amazon you can send layers
packages drawings you can send whatever
you want really just don't send me
freaking dildo nervously guys if you
enjoy the video please leave a like
subscribe down below it on yours I'm
getting really really close now to Amir
it's getting closer and closer guys and
I can see it it's just down the road and
we're getting closer please
help me get down hit the subscribe
button that be amazing guys thank you
and yeah that is about it for the video
so as always I've involved you guys have
been freaking awesome and I will see you
in my next video peace out if you
enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to mugsy's channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis thanks for watching these are
happy
