I will enjoy anyway your kindness moves
and today I'm back with another prank
yes look at the crowd bring me the fried
cake has returned this is gonna be one
of my most crazy pranks I've ever gone
and I ain't saying neither joke baby
this is going down as you can see right
here I have loads and loads of body
paint if you couldn't tell already I'm
not gonna be painting a buddy picture of
this I'm gonna be turning mum a Martin
into human paintings no no if you do it
how you haven't already subscribed
firstly what the hell are you doing bro
we blow it up right now like I don't
know if you heard but T Fords is kind of
a big deal 300,000 you subscribers this
month so join the following and I
subscribe on and if you don't I'm gonna
sneak into your house and turn you a
different color so subscribe I also have
you guys noticed this absolute fire
hoodies are rapid right now I assume you
know I've seen as is bright flippin
yellow how could you
this is one of the five signatories that
you can see on the screen right now but
I wanting you guys decide which I draw
also guys this is a seahorse oh don't
tell Mom boss hi how are you really
savage bad idea
I wanna do what I bill her room with
packing peanuts I don't know how to mama
let you guys decide fifty power the
likes and I'll make that video if not
that I'm gonna do it guys I'm joking
she's lying guys she's out right now
wait
oh no Morgan is not done this designs
something you've don't elevate we timed
your hair mocha did you put something in
the water
no something in my cream do you see this
do not see it you've done something why
is it your point I need to know will it
come off will it wash off okay don't
know why there yes what are you doing
well I just think that in the moment you
know you're always complaining about the
UK so on you know how can you get a tan
one and their sons so I just took it
upon myself together by some permanent
body pain and I just thought I put some
in your shampoo just so you'll be tired
right now stop coming home oh my god
you'll never never possibly permanent
this is not pay don't want to give your
turn
oh my god laughs that one will it last
for now it's a new time you must join
the king oh I'm doing good this is not
well then oh this is a joke right
okay let's calm down calm down you like
patrick Star right okay I'm gonna go and
get a bitch scrubbing brush from
downstairs
I'm gonna scrub it I'm gonna get this
off I'm scrubbing it don't worry Scooby
bro yeah yeah just go get me a scrubbing
brush
Go Go Go Go gave me Morgan I mean it I'm
gonna ring someone about this this is
just absolutely crazy I've never known
anything like this in my life
mom you just never sought this fine I
just tried to help you out help your
skin help your TARDIS you never satisfy
how can you say I'm never satisfied I
did ask for they're after me turn pink I
look like a lobster
honestly Morgan in fact
yeah you spoil my skintone now is pink
you spot me go now
it's just oh my god no I've got a
solution I've got a solution
just wait listen to my solution there's
no way we can get that off however
there's one way we can help you fit in
well mum now they mention mine how about
we turn in green why so we both look
stupid together when we go out exactly
it's not the solution I thought the
solution was to get this
off me no what are you guys with me had
to shop and the tattoo we normal color I
think we're just gonna have to turn mine
green and what about you I'll film it
after hide so Martin don't see me and
then then if we're both colored so we'll
stay together and be the same color
people mum good idea more girls let's do
it watched us suffer a load guys she can
hear in the shower right now is bald
Martin we just went in and switched the
shampoo he's home now he went straight
in the shower as momen him or going out
and yeah guys this was goofy hilarious
leave a like if you're excited let's go
20 minutes later now yeah what are you
doing
and we'll give me that innocent look
what what mean what will the hell'd you
Meat Boy shine they know exactly what's
this what's going on this is your belly
on this phone I don't know what the hell
you know you don't know obviously well
you know I can't see anything
no you can't see anything Jenny I've
been blinded by the light coming from
your body to be luminous me anyway you
don't tell me where you've done this
you'll never foresee Halloween again but
honestly I think it looks pretty good
don't laugh about it yes of course my
permanent it's permanent
where's your mom oh my god - I know it
brings out your hair
although some so you've got hand your
heads bloated look it up
where's your mama near a does she know
about this though no yeah okay
we mother didn't hear ya
it did may put it in something in the
shower and it's just won't come off and
then Morgan said it will be buried we
did someone say you've got a friend who
does no one else is gonna want anything
to do with us guys comment down below
right now you know what Martin it's done
this to humiliate us I'll say let's rise
above this it doesn't matter what people
think
let's get ready and let's go out each
other he's trying to keep us in tonight
he doesn't want to be on his own you're
now stopping him get some clothes on
guys are you actually doing this
I could have two cheeseburger Happy
Meals with orange thank you thank you
see Morgan
I knew we could overcome it nothing
stops us going out having a good time
my is always treating me you know what
nice bundles is round here no idea no
excuse me sorry to bother you no where
does the McDonald's around here no ok no
problem LT knows don't worry
honestly guys I think I saw that with
one of the funniest pranks I have ever
done don't tell mama ma in but the pain
isn't actually permanent I want to see
if they'll leave it on but it's not
actually permanent but yeah guys if you
haven't already subscribed I'm gonna
come to your house and paint you and if
you haven't already left a like 50,000
likes on this video and I'll fill more
of Martin's room with packing peanuts
which will be hilarious so leave a like
brother would just do it oh and also I'm
gonna be dropping one of these five
hoodies right here comment down below
I'm sorry new shout out called the team
all Chantelle I'm gonna be shouting out
one follower from my snapchat Instagram
on Twitter on every video here is
today's shout outs it's gonna be one of
next videos team all shout outs then
follow me free social medias which on
the screen right now like some of the
photos and stuff and you could get a
shout-out I bought you guys been awesome
priests out
