three two one yeah hey one it's my intro
hello guys I'm welcome back three to
help didn't I warn you said dose around
it's my intro no guys I'm welcome back
to another video and today as usual I'm
joined with my mother back yay I'm gonna
quote my views lately so time for the
video today what we're doing is a what
we doing a forfeit vine try not to laugh
challenge let me kind of explain a
little bit so we're gonna be reacting to
a vine try not to laugh challenge
because obviously vine is being shot
down when you laugh you get one strike
and then by the end of the video who
ever has the least amount of strikes
gets to choose a forfeit for the loser
who gets the most strikes to do oh no
we're not no mom stop with these
properties
as our mom what do you reckon the light
time should be for this we man about
10,000 in twenty to ten thousand and
twenty two guys you go about ten
thousand and twenty six ten thousand and
twenty six guys go smash it yeah I think
we can do it anyway
let's get start with a blind eye outside
I'm so excited
okay go watch telly kind of ah watch my
moving but why don't love you lying why
are you always lie you watch so many of
these and I don't usually work for them
so I'm feeling really confident we might
just not laugh wife this video does
nobody laugh wife just need of alone do
you think I can get this egg into that
cut without a cracking yeah what just
need love oh shit we not make just love
you just lost nothing
you just wants a solo is to wanna
winning Ohio this is La oh my god
I'm gonna call the video now my mother
push me
mm just touch me till I can get my
satisfaction no no no no no no no no
Doblin look at my down look look I'm
licked licking my down I'm studying I
studied yeah I got a snapshot so guys
use your phone real such a large what's
in the description I'll just got an
Instagram so all of your Instagram in
Long's YT link in the description it was
cool me yeah as you can see the goal
white fellow flies into the water he
knows they won't follow him there who
the hell would want to smell like Africa
hahaha hey dad happy Father's Day dad
Oh where's your dad hey be back soon I
loved I knew I loved soon keep
forgetting these channels along Google
ah find me a taxi
oh no let's finish the video is the
finish right so I you guys I won't offer
oh my god I can just think the forfeit
anything you want yeah look at the
kitchen
we go to the kitchen well that's the key
change oh and I've got to give you the
challenge you can hopefully give me any
challenge you are from right India I
think the cinnamon challenge again yeah
because last time when I did it I
actually threw up three times so I think
you deserve it too tree cinnamon for you
Morgan cinnamon Oh cinnamon challenge
cuz that's the one thing that I know you
really don't want to do did you pin it
all hopefully your bender oh my did you
actually been it oh oh I know you don't
worry goodbye on cinnamon promise in
Iran now guys really looking forward to
this why would you show me more imagine
a scenario this goes wrong and I die and
mom's made me do it
oh my god oh my god don't do it I'm a
water Oh No
good oh no Morgan oh god Morgan oh no
don't do it I've changed my mind you
don't want you to do it
Oh Morgan oh my god
oh my god I'm gonna throw up I'm gonna
throw up
oh oh no no no no no no spit you out
don't do it don't go go sweetie child
you really know more than fifty out oh
I'm gonna be sick
I'm actually gonna be sick oh my god I
remember last time when I did it oh my
god will do it don't do it with the
towel oh God
sit watch it Luna no don't do it don't
do it you die you're gonna die you'll
suffocate
Oh Morgan what hero drink now that yep
oh my god oh my god you're the worst
thing is oh it didn't record but believe
it didn't record
oh my go that's the first time I was
honest well till you're a hero
oh ma do you feel sick mmm ya feel right
I'm just completed a challenge I ripped
the five-time now and daughter say my
challenge was where don't go from here
God give up to the cinnamon challenge
this is genuine animal cruelty stop
first leg do it slowly like say well and
guys nice the end of this video any
videos and please leave alive then go
more videos people doesn't leave a like
on the video if you knew that my video
subscribe boy other boys
I've been Borges you guys can also and
I'll see you in the next video peace out
if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe to mugsy's
channel I don't forget to do the life
if you have a big penis thank the words
these are boots Oh Bruno come on
countdown Todd watch this
