hello guys and welcome back to another
video and today today well today I'm
back again with my number one source for
extra views my mum
hi so for everybody that doesn't already
know who you are
introduce yourself yeah that's enough ok
so today what we're gonna be doing is
watching some scary videos alright so
you know you get all them videos on the
internet ghosts caught on camera real
ghost sighting and what we're gonna be
doing today is watching this I guess the
first question do you believe in ghosts
yeah yeah I do
Joshua yeah yeah dude just a minute
before we start we haven't talked about
the morning Monday how much how much
more than you said if I do this you were
gonna pay me yeah how much we'll take it
13 pounds 100 pounds okay that's that's
alright I think it's to torture it okay
let's push they love it so if you guys
want to see more videos with my mom they
remember to leave a like on the video
we're gonna get started now with the
videos so lights out lights out I've
heard about this a bit she's clearly
hiding from something
she's she hiding from so many questions
no answers she thinks it's a waiting
room
she'll bits lifts something you do
boring what's she doing here then
this is just something that the court
camcorders if this is CCTV BTS well it
looks like I done it cause it's every
lift by CCTV so it's obvious easy fever
is looking down but I think that's just
somebody's don't know oh you ready yeah
I'm scared
this is gonna be scary well
that we're ghosts that well that was
song with a back to my own his head
surely yeah did you see that goes let's
go so somebody with some luck some
expect to again
alright what a ghost I say we go scary
good old John John don't go in go in
John go in Oh going John Doe no no no go
on John John's go do your John lug
where's it going it's not coming out hey
something just I saw saw something
landed you a seriously saw shadow then
going that way
then what is that voice up hoist up
these guys so clear don't Morgan I've
got really cold
oh my god why was someone has no one
no I think he's not real though
screaming my being like next door and I
think he's set it up and I think he's
gone in and turn the shower on and
quickly broke things and taunting why
but I don't know what that singles that
came out there but even if I it was real
why would the ghost be doing it I wonder
didn't like trying to adjust this is in
Manchester Manchester poltergeist and
one-up fist is I'm not sure if I've seen
this ace I'm not sure I seem to remember
this funny so it's Bri I am yeah when
this has been recorded so I was
obviously was got comment on income the
torrents oh I could just be some money
on the side there nice nice someone on
the other side oh it's okay yeah my head
I didn't weigh to be honest oh what oh
what was that I swear social move
oh my god that's being like food that's
being like fund about see what I mean
it's been right it's been like flung and
oh no I think we've got one of them in
our kitchen it's always a mess in the
morning come on oh my god this is so
scary
that could be anyone that's horrible
this color smells what no oh no no how
would anyone do that
how would that be failing it how can
that be faint oh no oh macha DRI I'm
just writing what how that could be like
well I'm drug leawo and you got the and
yeah it could somebody have done all
that that's it cuz it well she I've
heard of this one you see the damn shows
available for opening a fridge and at
the same moment we can see two glass
bottles falling out of the shelf behind
him the bottles appear to have been
pushed by an unseen entity due to the
ankle therefore yeah I know the video
then cuts to the other side of the bar
oh I like usually don't leave in this
flat below how could anyone not to be
fair I could've been a string no I wore
hell that went quick didn't it On June 9
2008 I returned home from work to find
one of my dogs seemingly disturbed and
was hiding under the bed Phoebe Phoebe
called Phoebe Oh Wes vo she's in the bed
no she's not okay it's me trying to say
it's too dark okay come on Phoebe could
be a boy Phoebe's a Phoebe I've seen
this again I've seen boy Phoebe's yeah
no for harm is like she finally merch
for about ten seconds
oh okay here oh that was oh please Oh No
now wash you know now ten minutes later
I still could not go to come out from
under the bed
wife and ex is truly terrifying the
following footage is on our now this is
gonna be bad
oh god I'm sorry scared let's go knows
happening well you he's up there I hate
when this happens
look at these trousers they are not cool
oh no that's just the lights a thing is
he doing that with lives he mustard on
again is he back what's happening here
we don't know if it's him alone it's not
him I think that's it do you believe I
thought no film in 2001 this well-known
video is said to you on the most
compelling pieces of ghost footage ever
recorded that that what's that what's
that then what was that what is it more
morning that what what's it doing what's
it do it must do Hassan une id√©e you
will not see I assumed Inazuma me and
run but ways it's for all that Olga was
eyes like a baby head it's a busy today
whoa that's a baby is it
wisely is that the thing okay
amazing nice just a cheap in that it's
so horrible like my god see cranial
obviously is crying he's been attacked
by a demon boy go things oh no jeez
don't look don't look
now what were you saying about that one
then voice oh my god
to be so--but disappeared yeah they
disappeared it was clear been attacked
but think it without warming the road
you know I think it's without this did
the forest found on the cameras and
English that Warner I would you what
that also monkey ghost
but how could a ghost I think that one
seems like the most real one so do you
guys think that's real tell me the
conversation I'm not sure about that one
she's apparently a scary creature not a
ghost this is just like a creature that
is not real I don't care that's not real
I can be as fake fake they definitely
fade this video discovered in 2006 shows
what appears to be the rape creature the
rake at the end of it I've heard of it
I've never seen the video but I've seen
pictures I think some of this is gonna
be bad this I'm warning you I think this
is gonna be bad I don't I think he's
speaking to someone it's toxic
sound they go what I'm gonna try and
pause on it oh yeah what do you reckon
out scream it's horrible by the way only
it could be it was just someone in a
mask
and you can get screaming course you
can't some reason isn't real it's never
happened to me so if you guys enjoyed
this video then please leave a like have
you enjoyed your time here mum so we can
create the glasses I'm taking these off
leave yours on I've enjoyed your time
yeah
thankful I'm still library I feel a bit
I'm still quite a bit I'm not sure you
know I'm really not sure tell me your
opinions on those videos in the
competition but I know I'm loved and
well maybe already have been proven to
be fake but then again they could all be
fake so it's like some people believe in
them some people don't
I'm kind of in the middle I'm still not
sure thank y'all so much for watching
I've been morgues you've been mum you've
been awesome I'll see you in the next
video let's go 3 2 1 peace out peace out
if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe to mugsy's
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis
thanks for watching this I happy
