once you want you trespassing right guys
what you just saw was the start of a
prank
my mama did on me well should I say
attempted to do on me let me give you
guys a little bit of backstory right so
it was about 9:00 p.m. and my mom said
to me that she was going out and taking
the dog O'War and then i'll cook through
the walker got a call from a moment she
says as a clown chasing the right axe it
all out so me I'm a little bit skeptical
right bye go downstairs let her in
anyway she's nimma room she's screaming
gay camera record this so you can show
the police and she's saying there's a
clown outside me I'm starting like
you're kidding me you're joking me
you're not being serious and then I say
to what swear on my life the decline
outside and she goes at that point I get
on my camera now before I show you guys
the rest I just want to say it would
leave a like on the video that I'd be
absolutely amazing guys if you want me
to do revenge prank on mum then leave a
like on the video and also guys there's
still plenty of time to enter my 15
pounds gift card giveaway I'm doing over
on Instagram so check out the
description for all the details on how
you can win yourself a 15 pounds gift
card also I should probably mention that
my mum was in on the prank the actual
clown was a boyfriend dressed up so he
was in on the prank everybody was in on
the prank but me but also want to
actually tell you about something real
quick
and that is my merchandise and when you
guys are seeing this it will be October
30th at 6 p.m. now there's currently a
15% discount code on anything from my
merchandise store and the discount code
will go on for the 30th the 31st and
then the 1st in November will end a 6
p.m. on the 2nd of November and this
this young code is for the Halloween
period and the code is literally because
Halloween if you put that in at the
checkout of my store when buying some
merchandise you will get 15% off your
entire order so that's literally
anything from the store if the youth
killed Halloween Oh checkout you will
save yourself 15% until November the
second so if there's a time to buy
merchandise guys it's right now anyway I
think it's time we get back to the prank
and you guys can see how I reacted to
this terrifying killer clown prank
where's it gone oh my god bear Morgan is
a pity Owen
what you want is gonna win it's gonna
try and get in the house oh it's locked
the door
right Oh Jane our angle is Heppner Jana
monkey knocks I just saw you thought to
Thank You mr. prime this is so should we
go downstairs or no surprise you gotta
be prank yeah I've got it on the call
oh it's not my garden is it cryptic are
you cooked again camera oh my god I'll
give that camera quake you get it
come on quickly don't leave me on my own
Morgan come here Morgan I'm going on no
don't got stairs it's in I can see it
back these two dark rye is in my garden
it stood it's hopping - looking down can
you see I put the lye on more did you
know it
do you know shutting up an open the door
see if I can't see in right you can't
let me open the door
they can't get Lucky's right black what
you want you trespassing
Magan tell him some food no you pranking
me he's got a knife we've got plastic
nice plastic more they don't get morning
no come on you got a clown mask on like
regular sister why are you thanking me
I'm not pranking yet this is real yes
who is it who is it who are you who's
that then hello if I'm walking up cook
going I'm gonna ring the police now okay
no I know you're pranking this is the
most obviously other good at least I
made it
you could have at least made it like in
half realistic sure it's just stuck
there
shut the curtains who genuinely is it I
don't know I'm here again so guys at
this point of the video I know I'm
looking like I'm expecting a plane
captain but there's a little bit of me
inside that's life you never know I got
credit my mom's acting she wasn't the
worst actor ever
and yeah guys I did actually have a
knife with me I was taking a knife round
with me I was like 80% sure it was a
prank but there was a 20% me saying you
never know you never know I'm not
believing
remove you stupid mob someone's still
listicle a youtuber Blanca because she
were taking to make out with clowns
I cut what should we do Morgan and so
pranking me Oh Oh is this video in
Morgan look is it working
yes it's working seeing nothing he's
gone well she's gone it could be a girl
for all we know it's gone
come on your Civic mode I'm gonna go
down to the front of the house Morgan so
if you can see it no please you know
practice obviously gonna be behind by
the door no Primus honestly gonna be
beyond the door oh my god so you gotta
love this point of the video right this
is a video of her attempting to prank me
and she still gets scared more than I do
like that just sums up the prank really
doesn't have fair play mum well done you
are the next big prankster stop pranking
me always be welcomed by Eli fenders it
somebody dressed on a clown at the door
no idea who actually the scum mum
stopped playing this up like this is
real in any way shape or form of course
Morgan what about the downstairs just go
down so mr. Morgan oh okay I'm gonna
look out and see if I can see it
what you doing
you are Latini I thought you'd go in yes
proud kid but it's still scary I'm not
pranking you I'm gonna let it se√±or
Blanco it was I'm just don't want to
open the don't case it's still there
should we let Bruno out just saw go go
away Morgan yo your honestly go away
look at my down I don't know Morgan
oh we gone then a prank Morgan no Perry
she said I'm gonna go take the dog he
said yeah I'm gonna get it don't quit
walking walking
yes he's got runs cuz he's got I've been
eating sardine you know very good
frankly well I think what should we do
that was like the most scary thing ever
wasn't it
wait when you're gonna reveal it is
there like a dream Mike ended no there's
no ending that was really scary
it wasn't tell me you pranking me so I
can like in the video do an outro I'm
gonna go sit and find it oh don't go out
no no no way I'm not gonna spawn scaring
me like this it's traceable industry
mando
what are you doing new cute Lisa laugh
we don't have to prank people like this
oh sorry sorry sorry I'm gonna go start
God don't warm it's amazing no you know
what she doing she's a known enough
thing is yeah she's definitely a
pregnant she's definitely around why
she'd gone outside but God said please
so guys before you all commented the
conversation right I know at this point
I was I was actually quite scared guys
I'm not gonna lie this was the only
point
the video we're out of that - like Oh
God because she was out the house it was
just me and I was like what do I
actually do do I go out look for her if
this is a prank
would she have just left me and I was
like oh I don't know what to do so yes I
admit it guys at this point of the video
I was I was I was about 50/50 is a prank
is it real what's up hey what's up the
dragon you thought that was gonna work
seriously was that actually just the
prank
y'all just found lasting up destroyed me
to say the things somebody's be dressed
up as a clown that's why I can't find my
mask you took it
you took my mask so I ought to wear that
one no he's always in the kitchen map
right let's go up there come on hold up
alright that was absolutely shocking
shooting my mouth horrific why did you
ever go I'm gonna work you thought
you're gonna prime minimum it's gonna
take a lot more than that that's all I'm
saying I'm leaving it there but guys
here you guys enjoyed this video of my
mom attempting to prank me in a way I'm
actually kind of happy that she tried to
do that Frank because now got video no
seriously guys thank you all so much for
watching this video again if you want me
to do a revenge prank on my mom then
leave a like on the video guys and also
follow my Instagram guys and entering
the giveaway I'm doing on there the
giveaway by the ways of a 15 pound card
and all you have to do to enter is like
the picture links in the description and
follow me on instagram dice it
also remember to go and follow my
Twitter and my Instagram also menu for
my Twitter and my Instagram also
remember for my Twitter and my snapchat
are both down there Injection so just
just check that guy's and finally thank
you all so much for watching as always
I've involved you has been awesome and I
will see you in the next video guys
peace out if you enjoyed the video then
remember to subscribe to mug his channel
and don't forget to leave a like if you
have a big penis thanks for watching
these are happy
