Oh God it's a it's a it's a toilet
subscribe to mugsy's channel don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis hello guys and today I'm gonna be
doing another one of these videos where
I sit down and eat candy and that's
about it
that's literally no but seriously guys
today I'm gonna be trying Japanese candy
you guys loved my american candy video
so we're back again today with Japanese
candy and I literally I don't know what
to expect
if this is the first time that you've
seen me on your screen then remember to
hit that big red subscribe button down
below and also leave a like on the video
that'd be absolutely amazing if you want
a not one of these British trying candy
videos then leave a like on the video
comment down below what candy you want
me to try next but apart from that let's
get started so here is the box I've got
a second view down here so I can show
you guys more up close it's rammed full
of all these like weird sweets I'm gonna
go one by one and I'm also gonna do like
a rating for each food out of ten okay
where do we start
what on earth is that then what is it
what is it when I said I don't know what
to expect
literally I don't know what this is what
are these oh god okay oh man Japanese
camera
sour Oh God Oh Oh crikey Oh mom Oh God
they also are actually quite nice though
yeah actually really nice do you know
what guys I'm not even joking they were
really really nice I'm gonna give them
an ar-10 we're starting off with a bang
these things are really gum I'm gonna
get another one diabetes here we come
mmm that's our though okay seriously
what actually are they what are they I
have no way of knowing what these are no
way I'm gonna have to eat one and just
see what happens
I don't know what it is okay guys
without further ado I'm gonna have to do
this hmm they're really hard I've had to
describe them it's like hard sugar in
other words diabetes not no big fun guys
as five out of ten okay what's next in
this magical box of weird stuff okay no
no no seriously seriously guys what what
what is this oh my god what on what it
or no these do not look good oh god it's
all sticky
oh it tastes like strawberry ice cream
no no it's not I'm not feeling it
where's the bin
I need the food oh god oh god no oh god
no no no no no no no Japan huh that was
vile mate what you doing Oh
it tasted like ice cream but it didn't
taste like good ice cream it takes a lot
I scream you get from my Aldi or like
iLike Primark US Primark up just that
made no sense just move on I'm seriously
like this looks quite cool I'm quite
safe this however I don't have a clue
what to eat or no what's that man okay
guys seriously what actually is that a
little sticky
oh God Jesus I
all right try pink one just like weird
jelly gummy things I'm gonna gonna gonna
give me six out of ten I need break the
ice cream on its dead okay they get they
get in one I spun out for God so that
was horrible Oh God
Oh God it's a it's a it's a toilet oh
wait yes looking to eat in this bloody
toilet when he talks about appealing to
eat a toilet oh god it's not like anime
face on it as well just can't be arsed
that's all you get yet for literally you
get full little sweets
that's that's it so basically right
you're not even paying for the sweets
you pay for a plastic toilet with a
anime face on it okay these things are
absolutely tiny Matt my hopes aren't
really that high I'm just gonna try them
that's just exactly how I thought it'd
be made I'll just finish off three of
them what what did you why not to say
they've just came out of a toilet
they're quite nice actually do you know
what I wouldn't give that seven out of
ten but it's gonna have to get knocked
down to a six hour ten because you get
four give me like ten or twenty and you
know it have been like a seven anyway
moving on this looks embarrassed in they
call her it might be Cola oh yeah that
nice and inside one then boom review
channels sits in the back of the car
loss of seven I turn nut they are good
great mix my dad knows I like great when
he got me so fix grape mix so that's in
English so yeah for the first time in
the video I actually know what to expect
that's a good feeling oh it's chewing
gone diver sir Oh mom oh yeah Oh guess
in my mouth that is nice
seven point five I take otter so I'm
keeping that you know that was good um
oh my god it's so weird I literally have
no clue what they say what were these
things out of these choose I think that
you is but like there could be chewing
gum and I could just swallow it and die
you never know it were good I think the
blueberry flavored Jesus like literally
don't have a clue what this is guess
there's only one way to find out your
individual boxes I guess I'll just try a
little bit of each starting with these
he's a chocolate old on bears bear
chocolate the video guys see how this is
all right come on smarty get the
copyright strike out that that is
literally just a smarty now we go
whatever these are oh oh oh oh they're
horrible so far we've had a ripoff
smarty and some weird pink thing Oh God
oh that was horrible I never know what I
was we've got two more these little
boxes left my doors no oh God these
little boxes are horrible all right one
more left I think these are buddy I
think these are jelly beans that's quite
nice actually
they gave a guy's six out of ten they're
asking everybody to attend our horrible
alright last bit of candy guys for this
video is Oh what is that what Oh Oh do
guys what is that okay since is the last
one I'm gonna I'm gonna have to try it
bloody sorry I know that oh god no that
wasn't a good end Lily
you can take a big fat one outta ten I
was horrible oh god I think it was like
candy floss or or cotton candy as a some
may call it but it it wasn't nice either
way Jesus well that wasn't exactly the
best way to end off this video but
anyway guys there's been a lot of fun
some of these companies have been really
nice the first ones is little these
eleven ones they were really good then
also the other blue very choose and then
and then the great the grape chewing on
these are my three favorites I like the
packaging and stuff like Jesus Christ
look at look at my bloody hell anyway
guys if you've enjoyed this British
trying Japanese candy video then please
leave a like on the video now be
absolutely awesome and if you want me to
do another one of these tell me what you
want to do it with what can you want me
to try in at the conversation below if
you want you to the channel that
remember to hit that big red subscribe
button down below I think it's down
below down below and once again thank
you all so much for watching this video
and as always I've been mold you guys
been awesome and I'll see you in the
next video peace out if you enjoyed the
video then remember to subscribe to mug
this channel and don't forget to leave a
like if you have a big penis thanks for
watching
