out gout
get out moment well that didn't exactly
go to plug but anyway let's start the
blog
sighs can probably tell it's the next
day and I have just woke up and today
what I'm gonna be doing is something
that I don't ever really do on the
channel I'm gonna be blogging now it's
quite more in a minute but let me go
grab a shower because I don't smell odor
so we currently 4 p.m. on Saturday and
basically I'm gonna be vlogging today
now if you sub to the channel you'll
know I don't usually do many blogs and
if you're not subscribed you tell me no
why are you doing this hit that
subscribe button
oh yes this is definitely my best angle
so yeah I don't usually do many blogs on
the channel bus mainly because I just
don't really do anything but I thought
today I just do a liver blog good to
show you guys a little bit more I came
up to so basically what I want you to do
is leave a like on this video right now
if you want to see more vlogs on the
channel and also tell me in the comment
section to do you know I'm gonna do I'm
gonna make mango smoothie color your own
way up that looks very nice I'm gonna
sit down watch the rest of football I'm
a drink and then I get back to you
thanks for calling curry a PC well there
are four options to choose from or for
anything else please price for their
form equation true we love to hear about
your experience on the call
thanks for holding
I like it to know you're rational
thought I can hardly say is only exports
war messes install I just met this
checking account to find it on this
system on sale I have got a fever 17
inhaling so for you
spice it super you know 1917 oh cool
yeah I'll go pick up later than yeah
that's fine Thank You Jess bye well huh
God that was longer than I anticipated I
was on the phone like 10 minutes just
listening up buddy hold music
anyway so if you couldn't tell my phone
call I am thinking of getting an Xbox
one yes I've got the Xbox one now I'm
actually doing up my room with my dad's
and add other console there so if I buy
the Xbox 1s that can come here in my
mum's and then I can send my old Xbox
one - my dad's 2c0 I'm saying so I think
I'm gonna go picked out later the fit
normal paper which which works because I
will need I will need that my dad's
right so the time has come guys I'm
going now to Corey's to pick up this
Xbox 1s and then we can get a cell when
we get back it's currently 5 5 p.m. so I
think we may stop somewhere and get some
tea on the way back preferably a Nando's
but we'll have to see what we can do
mommy ready all right cool she's ready
alright I think I'm already together
which shoes dollar nmds nmds and I'm bad
chunky I'm feeling the John Chafee on
the Jordans this is the one opportunity
you've got to say something to everybody
watching and just be kind to old people
beer without cells sure would stop it
I'm not going moulded it's not fair to
just to do that people when they don't
know you're gonna do
when they don't know when they don't
know you're gonna do it more Wow how'd
you feel about the idea it was picking
up and under to me on the way back
that's okay
yeah oh yes both warm you bayonet oh
yeah I'll order engine stalling I'm
gonna pick it up on my back
siren got half a chicken medium spicy
rice on a corn on the cob I've arrived
at Cory's we're going in that in a
minute I just gotta finish off this
order right so we finished in Cory's I
actually ended up getting a sound bar as
well things like an LG sound off my TV
and also for playing like Bluetooth
music when I'm in my room
I used to have one and it was like sick
but it didn't work with my Stevie so I
sold it to my dad Benny where we got a
new one which works on my TV I'm
Bluetooth and also go the Xbox was just
on my lap of the moment oh cool I guess
I'll sell it when we get home
so now we're on the way to Nando's
little bit late though it's a 559 and
we're supposed to be there at 555 oh
well
this is the CD this totally my mom's car
now that's Michael music 84 let's look
at some of these nice little sunniest
will.i.am features Britney Spears scream
and shout what a banger Nando's has
arrived right so we're back home now
Isaac in her just gonna get mine and odn
and then I'm gonna xbox in the sound by
ourselves okay well yeah that what a guy
you want a guy three two one
bang that was nice okay guys so what I'm
going to do right now is have a little
bit of a look at the two things I bought
starting with the Xbox one now
originally while I was gonna do is have
this as the console at my mum's and take
my court icebox to my dad now I was
thinking about it and it's actually not
gonna work just because I have tons of
games and stuff already downloaded on my
xbox like I'm not this guy actually
downloaded so what I'm gonna do can open
this right now but I'm gonna take this
one to my dad's but it works anyway
because why I actually have fun for the
near future is I'm gonna be redoing my
entire room at my dad's new TVs new sets
off new chairs everything new then
obviously when it's done I'll do a video
on it so this will be featured in a
video anyway I'm gonna start opening
this okay then get this done I believe
that's the FIFA 17 code we'll get to
that in a minute now the main thing that
I want to look at the actual console bar
there we go guys look at that okay so we
got the console out what I'm gonna do is
open this and just have a look at it it
is a lot smaller than the earth in the
previous Xbox not like tiny but it says
it's small its small oh yeah that's the
console it's really real
nice-lookin it's not really that bulky
anymore actually looks quite nice so
yeah I'm gonna get that - my dad's next
time I'm going to my dad's in the
process of redoing my room and once it's
all done I'll do an updated room tour at
my dad's right so before we move on to
the soundbar there is something I need
to talk to you guys about a nice pill
come on go now you may have noticed that
there hasn't been much Pokemon go
content on the channel in the past few
weeks and a few people insane like have
equip Pokemon going that and I just
wanted to address it in this blog now
have a quick Pokemon go no I haven't I
just really don't know if you guys still
want to see or not like the game it's
really really good i i still love
playing the game but the problem is not
the actual game it's the developer's
Niantic they just won't put the features
in the game that everybody wants like
the trade in the online battle in
generation 2 poke stuff up days all
these things instead they're doing it's
getting close to Halloween and they
still aren't in the game yet now I'm
perfectly happy to bring you guys
Pokemon go content but I'm just not sure
how many you guys want to see it so if
you want to see more pokemon gold
content return into the channel and
leave a like on the video and also tell
me in the comments section anyway now
let's move on to the soundbar right so
this thing is absolutely huge and really
really heavy so i think what i'm gonna
do is open up camera and wow get all the
contents laid out on the bed
then we can set it all over here on my
TV area
Oh
we're done but remember I didn't
actually show you guys a soundbar dice
this one right here the guy in Corey
said it was really good and basically
what I'm gonna do right now is set this
off to when they're my TV round I'm
going to connect it to my TV but also it
comes with a Bluetooth feature which
means that this one I'll be kind of a
main speaker for play music right guys
so as you can see I've got it all set up
as quickly up there isn't the best place
I'm aware map looking to get a shelf
which actually fits the length but it
did not write on there because it just
kind of looked a little out of place
anyway I've got a subwoofer there it's
already and I've also got a song right
here connected via bluetooth I'm gonna
listen to it for the first time
really
guys that thing is insane like the
amount of base into the vibrations from
the subdued but just all over the room
honestly guys Matt so brand-new sound
box set for over here we've got the Xbox
all ready to go my dad's book so much
mail I've got by the way so great Amazon
packages they're by the way I'm gonna be
doing my next mail video soon guys so
when you seeing this if you want to send
anything for the next one you're gonna
have to be quick because I'm doing it
soon oh and also guys I've got to tell
you my mum has gone out to like tea or
something she'll be back quite late so
what I'm gonna do is try and scare again
hold on that very very lopsided your
John let's let's try that again
and what I'm gonna do is try and scare
it she's still quite website okay that
I'll do well do while I'm pranking my
mum when she gets back I'm going to use
this knife right look at the size of it
honestly right guys so it takes my mum
and pasta when she'd be home when she
said she'll be over in about five
minutes I've got come herself here and
basically this right here is my hallway
and obviously to get down the hallway
you have to come around this corner now
as she's looking she's gonna walk around
here and then I'm just gonna pop out now
I don't know how good that cameras going
to pick up I'm going to try and keep
this one in my hand to give you a
close-up walk so guys I'm all ready and
now we play the waiting game she's back
I've heard the car outside
she's calling now
mr.
every one ten minutes
Oh could be yes are you sweet flora so
once you guys can tell with back
upstairs right now and oh my god that
could have gone the bear I was worried
it was gonna fail because I just thought
we'll she thinks something's up but now
she fell for it and I was really really
fun of anyway we're back upstairs in
just before we in the video I want to
take this time to talk to you about
something and that's my apparel and a
lie you are probably thinking what do
you mean apparel oh yeah guys I haven't
mentioned it in in about two months I
just completely under mentioned it but I
actually have an apparel store and on
the store basically we sell t-shirts now
the t-shirts of fifteen pounds per shirt
available in all sizes and they ship
worldwide now I'll welcome it together
my manager and let me go to my wardrobe
and show you guys some of the design so
I've just laid them out on my bed and as
you can see these are the free designs
that we have in the shop we have them
all in black or white I've got a black
white black there obviously and these
are free designs got team Maude yogurts
morgue and then just the signature mugs
another problem is with these free ones
specifically is the size medium and the
thing is right when I got these I was a
medium and since then I've turned into a
small so just like to order some more of
these in small so I can actually wear
them about but you may see me wearing
them in my videos quite a bit and I
assume this will be the first time that
some of you guys have even heard about
my apparel altogether I know what I'm
gonna do in this video right now is do
all I've ever get we're just a small
your way guys so I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna give away a shirt of the person's
choice to one person who likes this
video all you gotta do is leave a like
on this video down below and I'll enter
you into a giveaway for one of these
shirts then I contact the winner that's
what size they are asked what sure they
want I'm buying buying buying sort of
anyway guys that is where I'm gonna wrap
up this vlog because it's totally 1241
and I think I might get an early night
today I say that but probably still be
up to like five M edit or something
many other guys if you've enjoyed this
vlog mmmm but leave a like and tell me
in the comment section if you want to
see more of these vlogs I've had a
really good time doing something a
little bit different on the channel I
hope you guys have enjoyed watching it
remember to go and add my other social
medias Twitter and snapchat both models
in the linsell up in the description
down below on there I do different
independent giveaways I do like updates
on everything stuff that you don't see
my videos so it's worth following me on
there on Twitter I'm close to 30,000
followers so if you could help me get
there that'd be absolutely amazing hope
you guys have enjoyed thank you all so
so much for watching and as always I've
been more you guys been awesome and I'll
see you in the next video peace
ohh
you
ah
