ladies and gentlemen probably not too
many ladies gentlemen and gentlemen I
have finally done it well I say finally
I mean we're only a few weeks into FIFA
as you can tell by the title guys I did
it I punched my first legend of FIFA 17
and oh my god it wasn't like a devourer
it was a good one now it's been a while
since I packed my last Legend on FIFA as
you can probably tell I didn't like a
single legend in FIFA 16 and within a
few weeks of fever 17 being now I've
already got one now just before we get
to the video of me packing the legend I
want to tell you guys about a giveaway
I'm doing a huge giveaway this is the
biggest giveaway I've ever done on
YouTube basically guys I'm gonna be
giving away a MacBook Pro just like this
one obviously brand-new and the way I'm
going to be giving away this MacBook Pro
is through an app that I use called your
ball now I've been using this app now
for the past week and it is actually so
sick like I really really rate it now
your ball is an app which is basically
like Instagram snapchat Twitter combined
you can do votes on there I can do group
shot I have a lot of fun using it so how
do you enter the giveaway basically all
you have to do is go and follow me on
your ball that's that's it so the link
to my your page will be the description
below go follow me on there because
don't exactly have too many followers at
the moment then obviously that I'll
enter you into the MacBook Pro giveaway
oh and also if you want more giveaways
like this one on the channel then
remember to leave a like on the video
guys and also subscribe if you're new
but I think it's time we move on to the
legend now I'm gonna play the clip and I
thought I mentioned that the face cam
comes on after about 10 seconds but get
ready guys for my best fifa Pat of all
time
before legend legend of not joking I got
legend I'm not joking
ice Argentina I think Argentina its
Argentine tango
it's Argentinean striker I think guys
move this guys move this guy's mo this
guys move these guys both edges the
legend is retro oh my god oh my god I'm
going am amazed among guys oh my god oh
my god oh my god how much you see my
smite you will hey ok hey ok hey oldest
girl let's see what you got legit I got
blanks
Oh
oh my god a in the game oh my god oh my
god oh my god guys bro I need to sit
down I wasn't even ready
I am a I'll get a recording and I did
have my face cam recording we got trace
blue oh my god I mean honestly so much
shock oh boys and girls probably no
girls but still I like to say anyway
we've done it we've completed FIFA we've
got Casper I might I mean shock I don't
shut up I don't
oh my god guys such a good legend as
well like it's not even a bad one why
that's what's amazing I'm gonna have to
say sorry to my mom in a little bit but
Wow oh my god guys there you go we got
Crespo now that is absolutely incredible
that's my best part on FIFA history
altogether that is literally my best
part he goes for about a million coins
and oh my god guys war star to FIFA 17th
and yeah there you go guys incredible oh
I'm so chop of that legend now if you
want me to do a video actually playing
with him giving him a try scene if he's
any good in game and leave a like on the
video tell me in the conversation below
and also remember to add me on your ball
to be entered into the MacBook Pro
giveaway which I will be doing I
remember to add all my other social
medias which are all down below in the
description but thank you all so much
for watching the video and I got I open
my pack
continues to be as good as he is at the
moment though I can get more players
like Crespo but as always I've been
bored you guys been awesome and I'll see
you in the next video peace
