before y'all watch what's the what now
as I'm sure you guys know by now FIFA 17
launched a few weeks ago and ever since
then I've been grinding our putts and
opening an absolute ton of them when my
mom reads a credit-card bill she will
not be happy
Nova seriously guys I have opened so
many packs and got some incredible
players I'm talking walkouts I'm talking
once to watch as I'm talking inform so
many good players and getting all them
good players has basically allowed me to
create one of the most incredible teams
you will see on FIFA 17 I'm gonna show
you right now so prepare yourself there
you go guys look at that T oh my god
honestly it's incredible but de bruyne a
guerre and Ronaldo sterling honestly
cost me about two million coins so
that's how you know I have been grinding
out pipes this year so if you want me to
do another video using the team that I
just showed you going online and leave a
like on the video down below and
obviously if we got a lot of likes I'll
show me that you guys want to see the
video but as I said guys I got the two
million coins for that team Brom pucks
and what I'm gonna do right now is show
you guys all the pucks that I open to be
able to afford that team well guys I
think it's time we cut to the pucks and
get this video under way can we walk out
another red gold pot come on come on
come on whoa I want to watch once to
watch watch watch who is that
I'm bolo nice once to watch Oh mental
what the hell
now I thirty game you saw the best one
but I think I should just keep though
get in
oh you guys say hey once the lodge oh
now that's mad all right Meg apart oh my
god one one mega fight okay it's not one
SWAT walkout we walk out walk out we'll
ghost wrench bench who did column nah
you galleries another walk at home I'm
gay that was sick
88 lobbies what now guys mad I know me
fit walk out oh my god I'm so lucky guys
also Oh guessing yes
we're before y'all was what was launched
this planet is money
hahaha it's money Oh hahaha no way no
way no way no way
so we go money one's the ward but I
swear those will the best ones I swear
those were the best ones as well as all
the best one no no no what oh my god
he's 120 k already and why he hasn't
even been up oh my god JT get it whoo
boys øystein good doing good again 50k
you gotta be kidding me that's me nice
PPK good new ones 50k
he's actually 50 gay he's actually 51 oh
my god
nice series women this year I want the
hell that's more than Yaya touré yeah Oh
cumin cumin I tell you what I don't
think that's too bad you know
he's about 8k 75 max price I smoked my
bunda from rare trap oh my god good boys
boys boys boys Morris 885 Myers as 50k
that's 50k unmanned alas oh my god what
a pie my moss is 10k Mars is 50k there's
a 60 K PI that is literally a 60 K but
that is actually sick rat eels we even
parole oh oh bellowing bellowing
bellowing is 20k brolo go to 5k
bellowing like 20k nice actually sue I
walk out or you walk out what no way Hey
Oh
Suarez it's going in oh I'll take that
I'll take that 8j rated goading now
that's sick another walk out I thought I
got suave I need we going straight into
the team where I walk out walk out Spain
oh please don't be says it's your day
Alba it's your elbow boys now that's
actually a nice all right
I think it goes for about 50 K another
walkout literally that's my sixth one a
fever
i'ma take that there's a good putt so we
got Jordi Alba
we got Dani Alves Cesc fàbregas Diego
godín paycheck and Hugo Lloris guys six
walk out Oh inform inform inform
Saddleback Belgium Tottenham unveiled
all de Vil's
86 what they he goes for you Katie
little whoopee he goes on UK days
actually my dears or one good game we
just got easy city foul revealed inform
there you go you're nice 7.5 bid there
you know what nice sake centre club I'm
over the moon with our brilliant who's
this
continue Oh 85 rate Coutinho
guys awesome how much you saying surely
85 rated Cuttino has to go for something
40k guys 85 rave diggity neo 40k minimum
guys 42 K bid there honestly
there's an amazing ball 42 K katene yo
that's awesome now these plants have
been amazing
oh yes yes oh wait okay oh yeah see by
absolutely happy well oh I'm for me Bob
flick-flick danovich I'm danovich 87
rated what the hell I was I'm not a walk
out he's 87 yes they don't not a walk
out anyway guys 87 rayearth much price
hundred k he goes for I believe about 20
K which isn't the best but still
eighty-seven rated I'm so surprised it
isn't a walk out guys but anyway that's
a really good player I'm happy with oh
boy
Bernini oh oh another good player
fernandinho do I think goes for about
20k he goes around 25k guys does an
amazing pull another amazing pool not
the highest rated card only 81 but look
at his stats so so all rounded guys from
a 7.5 k pipe get 25k return is amazing
if you guys enjoyed the video then
please go ahead and leave a like on it
down below also subscribe if you are new
and also follow my twitter the link in
the description below thank you for
watching
