how's it going guys and welcome back to
another video on my channel and today
what I hope you guys is a little bit
more of the journey now you guys
absolutely won the last journey video so
what am I gonna be doing today I'm gonna
be bringing you guys another one today
this one is gonna be absolutely crazy
because one we'll be doing with you guys
is watching the official ending of the
journey so if this is the first time
that you've seen me on your screen they
remember to hit that big red subscribe
button down below
and also leave a like on the video so I
was looking around my room and I
stumbled across these 15 pounds iTunes
card which I never gave away I just kind
of missed it I'm gonna give that 15
pounds iTunes card away to one lucky
winner who likes this video that's all
you gotta do and also fuse Android I'll
give you a Google Play one I've spent
way too much on Pokemon go anyway so you
guys should have it so I have heard from
a few of my friends about the whole
Walker situation how you actually start
being rivaled with him and how he
started to put it up with Williams I'm
super hype I haven't seen it yet
/ something you guys haven't so we're
gonna get the surprise factor together
and also if you haven't figured out
already it is the ending so spoiler
alert guys I feel like I'm just kind of
stating the obvious of course as a
spoiler alert the bloody ending but
anyway guys I am so hyper to watch this
ending so we're gonna get started and
let's do this
and you know what we're gonna do to make
this even more awesome grab a can of
Diet Coke you don't realize how many
tries that took me
oh god this is definitely gonna
we're CSUN for you know about first
season in the season Eve is now over so
we got pregnant league champion guys we
got challenging for the family and
they're happy about it as you can tell
the woman so you have won the friendly
even our first season how is the trophy
now you back home Jim final next week
they cook funnel FA Cup final Wembley
Stadium guys have called it here we go
so you've won the Premier League going
into this match here yeah that that's
the real magic of the FA Cup that's what
today's all about Borden Thunder today
you have a chance to become more than
just layer today you have a chance to
become FA Cup win with believe in
yourselves and you will be victorious
Yahoo are we against win and you will
become legend
there is hundreds gonna touch I guess
there we go Crower listen to that crowd
Walker
Garcia look enough Iceland on this that
card you don't have a prayer your dreams
me you know I ain't got a prayer I am
then destroyed you know why are you
staying around with you interested in
your granddad killing she's in again n
doctor who are nothing to me name even
after playing on you snake my just saw
your dead know how can you how can he
say that or Bynum Alex calm please are
the entire game based on their
friendship right at the start throughout
the thing and then the exit trials
together with them the penalty at the
start what the hell and then all for
nothing so now I'm gonna show you guys
what happens after you win the FA Cup
final
so here you go you just won and gasps is
that on the floor he's lost after saying
all that banging give me an edge oh oh
gone I've got you yeah come on
I don't
so we've just looked at the FA Cup
trophy as a team and now we're gonna
figure out what happens right at the end
in the dressing room let's do it here we
go then
come into the dressing room just want it
hey buddy oh look at that comes in
looking smart you did yourselves proud
huh
this club those five bands did a dog
track today doesn't think whatever else
has happened this season one you
remember this long so we've won the FA
Cup on the primary you don't get much
better than that
we always go madness
yeah if anyone deserves this today see
what true but is true I do deserve it
do Alex do our legs yeah
oh here we go he's leaving now I think
all right is that oh it's dad he's
looking pale yeah dad what you doing got
me a ticket to match
he walked I remember when he walked out
on us because they got fouled us right
at the start of the game a clean man and
now he's come back just want to show me
face and I'll be on my way thing yeah
you better be you look good son strong
keep walking yes Alan yes Alex he does
not care look at Williams though yeah so
the roommates now Ron will be pink so
Danny's still down at championship feels
weird not training and when we've gone I
mean I love you shuttle run in an eating
salads again before you know it can you
get our mum wouldn't want to tear you
away from your important football match
thank you God feeling I was gonna be
nigh on treating agent really good I
love Spain nice you two doing sitting
around
shouldn't you be shuttled running or
something and what do you care about me
for Michael I care about all my clients
so he's the agent - no I'm serious I've
been getting calls about you and then
after I'm done flashing our boy either
so the plane feed burn in FIFA's what's
up there Michael I like it
Jim called said he give in to talk to me
how's Jim want man so what is it you
wanted you you know it was never about
the money and she I want to react guys
wanted it listen to this captivate you
what can I do for you mr. Butler
England's good know will the next World
Cup you know what's that it's a here
that's is so you know what that's gonna
be then believe me a DLC for the world
caught all the next game the next beef
but we'll have the journey followed on
women the World Cup nice awesome nice
actually really cool I really really
like that you know so that's it then
whoa well that was quite a good end to
match now like that it wasn't like too
much but you got a lot from that ended
he's moved on from Walker obviously he's
left him showing he doesn't want
anything to his dad or Walker obviously
those two were like people who were kind
of using him in a way if you get me and
his best mate now Williams mean enemies
we were at the start the guy that was
like winding more they became friends
now I believe they became friends down
in the championship cuz I know you get
poor loan but I haven't actually gone
through that yeah so I may have to look
into that a little bit Cavanaugh's a bit
weird until near the exit trial and then
I've just jumped to the end and we're
still I just couldn't resist I wanted to
watch that and down that's an awesome
ending so they've worked on the
cliffhanger obviously leading on to like
the next fever or DLC so that's really
good one thing though
feel like the journey should have been a
little bit longer now I've been hearing
from a lot of people who like complete
it in a day so like it doesn't make much
sense of a story mood it was like quite
short but still very very awesome and
that's a really good ending
my mum people that so what want you guys
to do right now is leave me a comment
down below and tell me what you thought
of the journey ending if you think
something could have been changed or if
you liked it like me and also since
we're kind of at the end of the journey
tell me what your favorite cutscene was
on the entire journey personally my
favorite was the actual or FA Cup tunnel
scene with you and Walker or guys days
about the end of this video I really
really hope you enjoyed I definitely
enjoyed watching that also remember to
leave a like on the video to be entered
into the 15-pound I - / google play
giveaway and it's just a little small
one guys mean you don't have to leave a
like on the video so I'm not asking for
enough with torn and also remember to
subscribe to the channel if you are new
but I believe that is about it so as
always I've involved you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in the next
video guys
