so just to let you guys know this video
was made in association with Anki who
are a robotics and AI company you may
already know but I'm just gonna tell you
anyway they've created this awesome
racing game that you are about to see so
I hope you guys are excited and let's
get started with the video well I can
move from every angle and it looks Oh
buddy orange so the guys over Anki sent
me out some of their Anki overdrive
track and basically today I'm gonna make
a huge course and do a 1v1 race right
here in my room we got this face all
cleared out and what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna make a massive track oh god these
boxes a heavy look at that we got is
this a star kick in cars just white guys
they actually sent me an expansion pack
with a bird car which is this one right
here which I decided to use in the video
I'm gonna open this right and then we're
gonna set it off I mean if you don't
know Anki overdrive actually is I'll
give you an explanation basically in the
star pie graph like cars and trapped and
you can make a huge truck and then you
download the Anki overdrive app and what
you can do is actually race your cars
using the app on the truck actually
can't wait for this this is going to be
soon and then when you control in your
car you have power for example one of
them's like a flamethrower and then when
you use that power up you can use it to
like attack the other cars you get
expansion packs extra cars I have two of
these track expansion my room isn't
massive I'm gonna try make an absolutely
insane track please leave a like and
subscribe if you're new and let's get
started with building the track
right so I think you can clearly see we
now have everything open and we are
ready to make our trunk so I'm gonna
back to you when the course is all open
when I'm going to try and find some
obstacles from around my room that we
can pull the truck to make it even more
fun I'm going to get this going and get
this bill hopefully you guys enjoy the
video guys our truck is now don't let me
show you around
so look-alike guys this is going to be a
very very interesting track okay guys so
the two cars I will be using to race
with today are these two and so we've
got the green one with the blue light
and we got this blue one with a red
light now my card is the green one with
the blue light now if I click begin scan
on my phone what that's going to do is
the cards are going to go round by
themselves and kind of memorize the
track and then as soon as they're done
memorizing the track scanning the track
then we can start our race one more
thing I should probably let you guys
know is the starting line now the start
and finish line is right down here by
the blue Yeti microphone and the race
we're going to be doing is 15 laps so if
I pull my phone now and click begin
match basically the control panel is
going to come up and now let me tilt to
switch lanes and also just my speed and
use my abilities the race is starting
right now guys so hopefully we can get
win okay I'm going to put in a full
speed we're a bit behind starting off oh
look at that overtake guys that's
awesome okay
first luck done we are still leading
this in first place only narrowly we
should probably use eye ability I'm
going to use the decimator there we get
oh look at that we're winning this
comfortably guys we're in the lead
comfortably okay
the blue is catching up there was
catching off okay I'm going to switch
lanes guys don't watch that oh no
there's been a crash yes okay that's
good actually with the other car okay
that's brilliant we still have look at
the lead we've got here guys look at the
lead we've got
we're on the seventh lap out of 15 so if
we can keep all-new he uses all know he
pound me down oh okay that was bad as
bad as bad I'm gonna use man ok
decimator there we go from attempt flat
guys oh no we used on me oh god oh no we
know oh god ok political public look
there we go there we go there go I'm not
that I'm not the speed guys okay so I
can control the speed that my car goes
up I'm going to keep it in full speed
obviously because we want to win this
race guys but this is the 13 flat guys
we've got two more and we're just a
little bit ahead we need to keep this
lead this is the final lap guys can we
we are faced way time cubed right there
we go guys winner
first place time one minute and 17
seconds guys we did it
we've won our first race look at that
guy's loot drop awarded okay okay that's
pretty awesome
okay guys so now the vehicles are
scanning for the second race now this
one is going to be a 30 lap race so this
should be a good one rollin with the
green car again with the blue light on
top our opponent is still the blue car
with the red light guys it's time to get
started with the second race now what
I'm going to do is I'm going to go full
speed right at the start oh I thought I
taught you more about what the game
actually is so each car is like a robot
which will learn every track your build
you can obviously battle friends or
opponents shame for me I don't have any
friends I can just battle opponent since
then there's tons of mud weapons
available like flamethrowers cannons to
slow down your opponents in the race I
might say the thing I like the most
about the game after playing is that
this regular software updates to keep
the game new and fresh and I had a
really good time playing so there is 30
laps as I said guys is the button
although good it would stay off the
track is the look oh my god did you see
that the blue cars went flying over that
turn the turn gotta bury the car guys
but it recovered it got straight back
onto the track or on the 13 flat now
guys guys roll up 17 and the green car
we're still in front guys lot 18 now oh
no it's neck-and-neck
it's neck-and-neck on the head by a
little bit from ahead by a little bit on
the 24th 100 no we use this thing on me
he slowed me down oh there we go guys in
first place we've got this guys we've
got this luck 25 out of 30 this is like
28 guys this is a final lap with a green
car we're just about to lap the blue one
and there we go there's our second win
guys first place we have just won the 50
lap rates and the 30-lap race look at
that guys time 2 minutes and 42 seconds
damn that was fun but there we go guys
guys the two races complete we won both
races so we managed to do well and had a
lot of fun playing so thumbs up thumbs
up for me but guys that is it for this
video this Anki overdrive video I really
real
hope you guys have enjoyed this is
completely different to I usually do so
if you've enjoyed in a like rating would
mean the world to me if you want to
check out I'm Kerry Drive going to put a
link in the description I enjoyed it a
really good time guys but once again
thank you all so much for all the
support on the channel recently it means
the absolute world to me both eyes bio
for this video so as always Ivan morg
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in the next video peace
you
