hello guys and welcome back to another
video and today as you guys can tell by
the title we have some FIFA 17 and this
is the ball game we're no longer on the
demo and what I'm going to be doing
today is a pack opening now this could
potentially be one of the biggest pack
openings you're going to see because I'm
just gonna go home I'm gonna spend so
much money guys robably gonna be a bad
decision but I'm just gonna go home guys
gonna go in and we're gonna open an
absolute ton of packs so as you can tell
we're on FIFA 17 right now and is
looking absolutely awesome with awesome
jumbo premium golf pants as well are you
guys excited for FIFA 17 and do you want
to see more beef 17 content on the
channel
if you do they remember to leave a like
on the video and also subscribe down
below but I think it's about time we get
started guys what I'm gonna do now is
open all these packs I'm gonna start it
with a jumbo premium gold pack and this
is the new animation my first pack is
that fonts Josie font
83 rated centre-back that's not about
style I'm just gonna send all to club
because at this stage I'll literally
need as much as I can get these are some
suggestions in the comment section below
for what videos you watch and want to
see on peep 17 this is the lone legend
pack guys what legend are we gonna get
all van der Sar actually I think that's
quite a good one you know 89 rated I'll
take that okay here we go
jumbo premium gold pack oh right oh it's
not walk out I swear down we bag Ali's
one walk out in this video there we go
guys 12,000 fever points on the account
let's just get started with the first
pin in golf pack let's do this
oh it's a rare o walk who are you oh my
god it's a Corey 79 piece this guy was a
beast on the last thief I think this guy
was a beast and
no no this packs on fire oh oh so can
you sign him for Tottenham he might go
for a little bit all saw the 84 and got
excited guys summer though now that's
quite good at things are hard compare
price how does he go for 2k look at his
card
rudia 77 page 76 defend in 78 physical
that card is beast walk out walk out
walk out money Knights centered mutter
what's a-matter eighty four eighty Amina
it's alright I'm not gonna complain
about that Ramsey
obviously gonna be our Ramsey
eighty-four rate did you know what I
think that's the best pull of the video
so far that's a really solid card good
midfield a good payment League me feel
to send that to the club I'm gonna get
that into a squad three two one Oh Kim
is eighty three rates of giving us Hema
Nez Jimenez but little bit I don't care
alright guys I'm back I just had to swap
out the camera batteries but we're gonna
continue this pack opening with some
superstitions first one we're gonna do
is quite a standard knows Park I
literally don't think there is a fee for
youtuber on this website that hasn't
ever done a nose part Felipe 78 rated
non rare why are you giving me this FIFA
kill eighty be rated Cahill I was like
in between so dinner feels gonna be John
Terry or not let's turn it around with
another superstition what we're gonna do
yellow pack screw it let's do the yellow
pack I don't really know how this is
gonna work but I mean I've give it my
best shot
buying okay we did it a load pack I
accent aback and it's gonna be read a
wild read a wild another English sent
about 84 Chris Mullen 77 pace 84
defendant 84 physical guys I think
that's the best pull so far about 8k
about 8k guys I will take that that's
not a bad player anyway guys Chris
Smalling
guys absolutely awesome can we follow it
up with something good
Townsend 89 pace 62 physical eighty
droolin milks alright guys and Ross
Townsend I just want to walk out guys
not gonna lie but I just want to see
what it looks like because obviously
that's the big thing this year but
actually running low on fee four points
this is actually crazy
bail Robbie 90 base bail Robbie I tell
you what that's actually a really good
poem I wasn't even
again I was just completely oblivious to
the Bella Robbie on my screen how much
does he go for he doesn't go for too
much coin for still 90 pays 77 shooting
85 dribbling thighs are really really
solid card guys oh it's a rare is a
Hernandez yes it is well I'm afraid guys
that is where we are gonna have to call
it a devil
you'd even get anyone good oh jeez
alright alright I buy more fifa points
my god
12,000 more more now on the account come
on
I actually beg just son a 78 rated man I
just want a good player EA a punishing
me they're strapping me down
they are literally doing things to me
that I can't even say on here toi je
Ettore as it was complaining guys 84
yeah Ettore he's going for quite a bit
of the moment so I'm gonna send him to
my club I'm gonna get him in my team
yeah a touring guys there we go tell you
what spinach a pot whoa whoa who are you
and zongzi
58 pace he definitely isn't good you
know what guys it's time for a jump on
the bed pot this co is this cover
underneath my bed cover with my laptop
and I elbowed my laptop and I got daily
allocated ooh oh my god that jump on the
bed Pike actually a right-wing
Oh what Lucas Oh God
I saw the Brazilian I saw the PSG I was
like who the hell is that and we got
5000 coins chill at the end
yay please give me someone worth keeping
how much money do they realistically
want me to spend before they give me a
walk out look out look out who is it
what nation is that goalkeeper it's bad
check it's been Jake we got the wall up
guys finally we got a walk oh it's about
time 88 better check boy yes I tell you
what that has been coming for a while
honestly one hour 14 minutes guys I've
been sat here opening packs trying to
get a walk out and we finally did it
guys we got a walkout now I'm gonna open
a few more packs Oh
Belgian striker Christian benteke 84
physical 77 pace and 79 shooting he
honestly could be quite good this year
okay guys so the final pack off of the
video guys here we go we're gonna put
the controller down we got a rare it's
an English right wing right mid and it's
Miguel Antonio with the X Wednesday
player but anyway we got him in FIFA
definitely gonna be a card worth using
guys it starts you a lot quite tasty
this year so that's a good way to end
off the video and yeah to be honest guys
it's actually been quite a good pack
opening it kind of turned around a bit
towards the end obviously we got
mentaiko we got a walkout check Antonio
we got ESCO we got Delhi Olli but yeah
that's a good start of FIFA
but yeah guys the end of this be for 17
pack opening if you have enjoyed them
please remember to leave a like on the
video it only takes you guys like a
second but it means the absolute world
to me guys honestly doors thank you all
so much for watching if you have any
suggestions for all the FIFA 17 videos
you would like to see them remember to
leave them in the conversation below
because that's what it's there for
I hope y'all having a great day and I
really really hope you enjoyed the video
guys but that's about it for this video
so as always I've been morgue do you
guys been awesome and I'll see you in
the next video peace out
