so today started out just like any
ordinary day I got a part bed went to
school had a truly wonderful day at
school truly wonderful and then I was
walking back home and I actually tripped
and fell over I wasn't feeling good my
leg was hurting but I get home and I'm
like how can I distract myself from this
pain how can I change my mood for the
better
reacting to hate comments yeah perfect
way to cheer me off hello guys and
welcome back to another video and today
as I said we're gonna be reacting to
some eight comments or mean comment and
to be honest guys the originality is on
point so yeah I don't think there's a
youtuber on this website that hasn't
done one of these videos so today as
usual dump it onto the bandwagon to do
know of these videos let's set a light
target right now how about we go for
10,000 likes on this video that'd be
awesome so I'm about to take a trip into
the dark side of my channel community
comments into the held for review
section this is gonna be really really
bad and by the way quick disclaimer all
hate comments a flop they literally
don't show up on my channel so all of
the 24,000 861 possible hate comments no
one can see them not even me until today
because I'm gonna actually look I mean
I've got the bleach on my desk just in
case but hopefully we'll have to get to
that pussy bitch know tell this kid to
do his homework what's the name of this
guy's channel rocket League fans
ice-choked this guy's channel I feel
like having a look at this this guy's
calling me a kid too sure this guy's
gonna be like 18 plus write someone on
the age group of this person right here
just said tell this kid to do his
homework why does it sound like you're
trying to make your voice deeper
D'Amelio a comment but I get this all
the time guys I'm not Chuck it's just
it's just my voice I can't change you
guys I can't change my voice as much
like - yeah I can't change my voice and
all he's so ugly these guys just just
don't like me do that like if mods is
the best no logs can suck a cock why TF
is his voice so deep
hashtag nice editing oh god knows
someone found out entire time my voice
has been thanks my guys
it smarts there you go guys I mean I'm
sorry I've been lying to you this entire
touch why is your voice edit to just
kill Jacob Sartorius fanboy gay cringe
fake you suck you swallow okay so
someone left me some feedback I really
would comment I read through it right
here under my let's read good old
Michael bells reply okay no it's because
he got caught and exposed for box buying
subs and views and likes on every single
video and even scamming fake giveaways
and he steals every big youtubers gone
even the four nails stolen even though
literally everyone has my face they
stolen and now we've been fully caught
he's crying like the bitch Michael Bell
is figuring it out me not only do I buy
views i buy so I buy everything yeah I
buy friends too I bought my mom I bought
I bought my dog I actually did buy my
dog oh boy because why does this kid
wear makeup
well I mean I clearly don't so do you
know what you're saying there that I
have nice skin because you're saying I
wear makeup and I don't so I'm gonna
take that as a compliment thank you a
Charlie - 3 - thank you much his
eyebrows are bigger than my weight what
sort of people tell me I have no
eyebrows and then people tell me that my
eyebrows are bigger I just can't do
anything right kind of that's it I'm
unsubscribing well why do you feel the
need to leave a comment just believe if
you unsubscribing unsubscribe gay
there's another one he looks like he's
eight and he has a fake voice a fake
voice thanks go back to school kid
I mean it's Friday right now so I don't
have school I mean I don't think it's
even open right now so I don't think I
could go back if I wanted to give up kid
okay your voice is so ugly the voice and
the face don't match look thirteen
sounds eighteen sounds like he's trying
to squeeze a honey I'll give you that
one big rig bust Vic rig what happened
to his voice
I bought you idiot bitch insult my
favorite Pokemon
stop being gay right well on that no
that is the video done
I'm afraid I've lost it guys I feel like
now my life isn't worth living anymore
well that was nuts I hope you guys
enjoyed that video if you did then
please leave a like as I said guys
10,000 lights would be absolutely great
this is the second one of these videos
I've done so I really hope you guys
enjoyed as always I promote you guys an
awesome I'll see you in the next video
peace out
and also 10,000 likes and I'll give in
to the hate guys I'll drink bleach
