why hello there today I'm gonna be
destroying my parents iPhones and giving
them a 100 and new one
what's that you don't believe me
unfortunately for my bank account guys
I'm being deadly serious
this isn't even sponsored now on a more
serious note my parents have helped me
so much throughout my entire life and I
don't know if I'll ever be able to truly
repay them for everything they've done
for me but I can try my best and that's
what I'm gonna be doing in today's video
surprising them with some new phones but
of course it wouldn't be a boys video if
I didn't do something crazy first so
before we do that destroy my super few
are you are probably thinking mom's what
the hell are you planning on doing with
all the other phones my mom and dad are
my family and they've helped me so much
and that's why I'm giving them the
phones but you guys are also my family
and you've helped me so much as well so
not only am I gonna be giving my mom and
dad a new iPhone but I'm gonna be giving
one of these phones away to one of you
and the way you win is simply just by
doing these quick steps number one go
down there and smash not subscriber
number two drop a like on this video
number three what right until the end of
this video and finally at number four
comment down below what color you want
and that's literally it guys you can do
all that it's like 10 seconds and you
could win an iPhone by doing it now the
first person I'm gonna be surprising is
my mum and honestly I could sit for
hours and talk about my
lonely she the kindest most caring and
loving mum in the world she has helped
me so much throughout my journey on
YouTube and have supported me every step
along the way when I was small I was
starting out and I literally just had a
dream she was there for me she believed
in my dreams she's literally my best
friend and I honestly would not be here
without her but some of you guys may
remember last year I actually surprised
my mum with the iPhone 7 plus you've
never bought me a phone no guys looks
like I'm about to destroy the phone I
bought this is gonna be weird no my
mum's out right now getting food I text
her and I told that we were going to be
recording an iPhone tricks video well
does she know that the tricks are going
to be demonstrated on her phone and are
going to be quite deadly let's do this
today we're gonna be doing some iPhone
tricks that are pretty useful and will
basically just improve your phone mum
firstly do you like your phone yeah
phone 7.5 I think I don't think that's
the firm this phone is amazing I dropped
it down the toilet and still works so
the durability and also
so we're gonna up a little bit Oh still
working you can see Chris anyway so what
we've got so far is the iPhone is
durable but what good time for the final
tasks so for this final test guys what
we're gonna do is we're gonna get the
iPhone and Chloe even cook
no I didn't actually crack
guys look it's literally shattered mum
it didn't survive it I guess it didn't
survive well you know wow look at that
how cool is that you can actually remove
the entire we've just been out for a
meal I've literally walked in the house
and five minutes my smushed it in pieces
perfume I don't get Oh see smash man got
me new one seriously I've gone from like
thinking you're an absolute crazy loony
bin to think him oh oh my god what a
nice boy why would you do that
because
Wow
it would not download it out just stone
and sharp you going to destroy hello yes
I don't know bye when you find her let
me know I try and use it for a bit
longer to get my money's worth
no no no the second one is for dad for
his birthday and we're gonna do the same
thing to him we're gonna smash his phone
and then I can't do that day two and
boys and girls just like that is the
next day right now I'm time for the
second a surprise my dad Phillip
Schofield aka big Darren Hudson I never
really liked school and I always dreamed
of dropping out school to focus on
YouTube and my dad was actually a
massive part of my decision to leave
school just like my mommy's applaud me
so much he's always willing to help me
in videos and you know take a bit of
stick I know who all he's such a
supportive guy and a great dad
that's why I'm gonna be surprising him
today and also because it is his
birthday in a few days so early birthday
present dad you know where's the thing
guys I'm actually really scared to go
and destroy his iPhone because that is
like mom okay he might punch me so yeah
I don't really know how this next one is
gonna go I may have to improvise
I don't girl honestly a boy came through
we're pretty mental gift here we go into
the back of true no no I think we should
start with the traditional birthday card
this year and it's to nobody go it
probably didn't finish right accident
not a spell it yeah wait you always
shine now as you can see I went with
some appropriate wrapping paper now the
next gift we dad a little bit expensive
fair we're pushing the foot
it's a big signature am i there to sell
our dad because there you go kids aged
nine to ten now it's time for the final
death what we need to do for this is be
blindfolded
I'll just sell everything in is got
3,000
that's pretty easy also one last thing
before you go don't forget to enter the
iPhone X giveaway like bro you've
watched the entire video you may as well
get in with the chance of winning a
flippin iPhone all you have to do is
like the video right now and subscribe
to my channel bust literally in just
click those two bonds down below
and also if you turn on post
notifications by clicking the bell
you'll get extra chance of winning but
yeah I really hope you guys enjoyed this
video tell me why should surprise my mum
and dad with next in the comment section
below and as always I've been moved you
guys been awesome and I'll see you in my
next video peace out
