since I started playing the games I've
been getting magikarps and now we are
400 candy I've been dreaming of this day
for ages guys you'd like to this
gakuto's make me lose my mind you guys
want to get some cheap and reliable
leveled or pokemon go starter accounts I
found the best site out there not only
with the accounts stacked with awesome
Pokemon tons of starters and items so I
got to start my adventure from scratch
customizing my train and also picking my
star the link to the site is in the
description go and check out hi guys and
welcome back to another Pokemon go video
and this one is gonna be absolutely
insane a few days ago me and my dad went
out for tea and we went out for an
Indian night and we sat down in this
Indian restaurant and I got on my phone
turn on Pokemon go because I wanted to
transfer a few Pokemon and get the candy
now what we didn't know was the Indian
we chosen to eat us happened to be in
radius of free pokey stops now we caught
lots of awesome one from core someone's
to progress evolutions and lots of like
semi rare Pokemon but there was one
there was one incredible Pokemon which I
caught which was a brand new one for me
let me show you guys how does it
yeah yes yes I finally did it
I finally got my first mr. mime oh my
god it took a while guys so just before
I go ahead and show you guys all the
other cool Pokemon that I found while I
was out with my dad please leave a like
on the video if we could get 15,000
likes that'd be great if excited for
today's episode then please leave a like
and also remember to subscribe to the
channel if you guys on you so we drove
past a popular park for Pokemon NGO
called Western Park and there was a
massive crowd of people there like I'm
talking over 100 people so we went into
the park for a little bit me and my dad
and oh my god this park was incredible
the Pokemon we were getting it was mad
take a look at this
I'll get tea first humping the ball
you
so that's the first one we got a Ganga
and that is my brand-new house Ganga
that is a incredible cut genghiz are a
really really rare Pokemon I've had free
evolved one and caught two mud and then
another thing that happened was a
freaking arcanine spawned in I've got
the clips ivory it ran away I didn't
manage to catch him it was about 1,600
though it wasn't as good as my coin
arcanine so I wasn't that disappointed
I'll show you guys the clip anyway oh
yeah the part was mad for Pokemon there
just a few poke Lamar picked out was the
best ones add some arid axles had so
many cover toes go fairies and basically
right what I'm gonna do is I'm going to
do a ton of evolutions right now and
some of them being brand new Pokemon let
me get my phone up and let me show you
guys some of the Pokemon I have to
evolve do the first thing I think I
should tell you guys is that while I was
in the park I actually found two
Aerodactyl
and two more mister mine so it took me
all this time to get mister mine and
then in one day I go and get free but
the first evolution I have to do is a
really really cool one this is coughing
and obviously you guys know how much I
love wheezing Xin how I haven't got one
yet now we have 51 candies I caught the
final coughing I needed in the park I
don't think the CP of its gonna be like
massive but I'll take wheezing guys
honestly I've been waiting for
absolutely ages look at that guy's that
is absolutely awesome but I just love
the Pokemon like in general I just think
it's so cool that's another new Pokemon
add to the Pokedex in the CP 1320 frames
to be honest guys I'm actually happy
with that I think that's quite high to
be honest 1323 I'll take that anyway
guys there we go brand new Pokemon I'm
over the moon guys I'm chucked with that
second one we have to do this is a Cabot
oh now you guys will probably know a
court a lot of kabuto miles on holiday
and basically I think Western Park is
actually a nest for cover toes because
it went from 12 candy to 64 in one trip
to Western Park so what I'm gonna do
actually what I'm gonna do is do a
bloody look yet cuz I'm thinking I'm
doing all these evolutions I'd even pop
a lucky egg now what I'm gonna do is
proceed with the evolution this is a 640
Kabuto obviously cover tops
another brand-new Pokemon so literally
free new Pokemon they just couldn't have
been a worse time for my camera to die
midway through the kobato evolution
anyway guys as you can see there is the
cupboard tops and we did do the
evolution 181 the CP was again it's a
pretty cool Pokemon I'm a lot happier
about the wheezing than the cover tops
but still that's another evolution done
that's another Pokemon build out of the
Pokedex
I'm happy with that I know there's more
evolutions to do let me find them and
know there's more they can't escape from
me I know there's more
ah of course you guys remember the
situation with the poliwag and the
polygraph at the end of last video I did
get the poly whale so now what we're
gonna do is go ahead and make a brand
new poly rough now if you don't know
what happened basically I powered it up
too much and we didn't have enough candy
but I went out on course and poliwag
look at that what an awesome Pokemon
what what's the CP gonna be what's the
CP gonna be damn 1598 that is by far
better than the old Poliwrath let me let
me see where that ranks in terms of C
because that's really high oh no way
that's a new six best Pokemon Kai is no
way and another evolution we have to do
is 682 Clefairy into another clefable
this isn't a new pokemon but it's
definitely gonna be an improvement to
our current four fable and it's
definitely an evolution worth doing
there we go look at that on Abby's 1406
1406 I'll take that that's like that's a
good pok√©mon
oh and squirtle guys 86 candy another
one we're getting close to and Magikarp
guys be 183 candy we could get the
Gyarados today who knows who knows 48
Magnemite candy one more Magnemite and
we can get the Magneton which is a new
Pokemon well guys it for the evolutions
and some of your probably thinking is it
for the video is there anything more as
anything else gonna happen here's the
biggest twist we are going out to the
same Indian and the same part basically
what we're gonna do is try and catch
some more Pokemon anyway I'm gonna get
ready right now and we're gonna head out
so I hope you guys excited please leave
like on the video and let's get going
just in the car now on the way to the
restaurant and then obviously the park
goals for today so basically I want to
get the Gyarados I'm not
choice will do it I think we need six or
seven Magikarp so I mean Sparrow don't
need that magic oh so really common
Pokemon but some days you can get like
10 some days you can get not so
hopefully guide us by the end of today
definitely Magneton because I need one
Magnemite we should begin that there's
money for like the specific ones and
then as well as I just want to really
progress everything that we already have
so like squirtles we'll be going over
some magic carps and then drive bikinis
always to fight that helps and then
obviously there's a good chance we'll
bump into like a rare Pokemon so I hope
sigh it should be a good day out just go
update this now while I kind of just
noticed that the camera is low on
battery obviously we've it being a new
cameron that ideas just one of the
things that happened so I'm going to try
my best to conserve the battery I'll do
my best guys I'll do my best
alright guys so we just got out from
having tea in the restaurant and my god
remember I studied got free laws in
Brady Slovak I can't wait to show you
this ISO what you're seeing on the
screen right now is a Magikarp and if
I'm thinking why are you showing me a
Magikarp that's because that was the
sick and final Magikarp I needed to get
myself to the Gyarados I caught eight
while I was in there that's the sick one
and that means that I can get a Gyarados
in this episode a Gyarados I mean I've
been waiting for since the start like
it's always been one my favorite course
I'm one of the best basically so I'm
gonna do that at the end of the video
now or off to the park and that means
hopefully more good stuff to come Wiles
in there as well as obviously tamagoyaki
doses a core slow bro I got nothing mr.
mime now I've got one there everywhere
before that I can't find one save my
life I will tell you my battery isn't
great I'm gonna try and capture what I
can what we're off now and my god
Gyarados Gyarados just insane
dad's got 5k what's it gonna be able to
get away that's why you need that but I
do need it I can get one now I think
well walking down to the park literally
a few minutes away things to know
already caught a squirtle we're off to a
good start it's a little bit dark
actually in the park there's not many
streetlights so the video quality might
not be as good while heading in oh he
got squirts all good things approach
guys good things approach oh and by the
way if you thought I was joking about
how sick
park actually is look at the amount of
pokey stops guys it's it's literally
it's having first egg of the video guys
live on camera what we're gonna get
great love that already got gold up
we'll just don't eat it what we got what
we got what the back cover tail get your
character he'll let you get me high CPD
Drowsy 5/7 I know boys come to a foot
and iron I'll get off camera so at this
point guys my camera did unfortunately
go ahead and die on me so I was feeling
a little bit disappointed about that
obviously forgetting to charge the
battery but it wasn't all bad because I
had a bit of software on my phone which
allowed me to obviously record my screen
and pick up my audio so basically all of
the key highlights I had recorded with
my live reaction so I'll show you all
them in a minute but just before I show
you the next two Clips I want to talk to
you about that so the next two clips
you're about to see are two 10k eggs and
my god guys to get get get ready for
this just get ready for this easy on the
decade oh right so it's time for a 10k
egg I'm just and about one or one from
is 10k egg electricals
chancy collectibles or chancy probably
gonna be nearly let's be honest oh my
god don't call it called it called it
okay double e V from - 10 K eggs I am
done man geez wild Nidoking 5:35 30s sir
bird what some more 69 5 13 swing start
would have been a good here struggling
okay it's it 1 2 first time okay so as
you can tell I am now back from my
Pokemon hunt and it just being an
eventful one I just want to quickly say
I am really really sorry for my camera
dying for like the second part of the
video while I was out in the park
obviously you guys saw some of the
footage from my phone but we've get a
new camera I kind of forgot to charge
the batteries so I'm sorry about that
but now I'm gonna do is a few little
things I'm going to show you what I got
today and then we're gonna do the big
thing for this video the main evolution
that I have been waiting for for over a
month
Magikarp to Gyarados is going down in a
minute but just before that since didn't
actually get to record everything that
went down in the park I'm just going to
show you guys literally everything I got
today
come on recent on my phone the latest
thing I've got is immature and then I
got a little King which is arguably the
rarest catch for today it's only a 513
CP so not been that special but still a
cool pok√©mon to get I've got absolutely
tons of cupboard toes in fact my candy
is 42 and within evolution let's start
on the video so we got a lot of them
then also got a ton of cliff areas and
got a ghastly sparrow
a Magikarp they're caught magic cops
kind of consistently throughout the day
I'm gonna transfer them all in a minute
and just power up my eyes Magikarp as
much as I can because they weigh more
like a vetoes another squirtle
Bellsprout and then a Slowbro which is
another cool poke on which I caught
wildin of all that 760 so again not too
high but you know I don't mind a cheeky
wad Slowbro then we go ghastly poliwag
Jigglypuff and there we go those days
basically everything of court today and
is
been a really really good day but know
what I'm gonna do is transfer every
single Magikarp that I currently have
and then we're gonna get started with
the evolution guys I am so excited
there they are as you can see we've got
one four nine as our current highest got
twenty five thousand stylist so it all
comes down to the candy pretty much this
is interesting pairing up a Magikarp how
much will actually go up by will it be
like one Oh fool I tell you all guys
that is Gorge 160 is now we're gonna tie
up again to 164 168 can we fit one last
one in yes we can guys 171 Magikarp it's
going down let's do it guys there we go
400 candy guys I can't even point to
words how much effort that has taken be
since I start playing the games I'm
getting magikarps and now we are 400
candy I've been dreaming this day for
ages there it is guys magical guys so
much God Gary dough hooks I just said
magic y'all what am i all about guys is
my physics kappa dough's make me lose my
mind one seven six - no way there's
amazing one seven six - guys oh my god
let's scroll up and see what is ranked
there is our brand new food best Pokemon
guys garridebs
still plenty of room to power this guy
oh my god guys we finally did it we
finally got the Gyarados and what a day
out we have been in this video alone
we've got a mr. mime we've had a
Gyarados of course we've got a cupboard
tops wheezing and what else we got we've
had--we've on a lot we've had a lot
bites and how's your film I believe
hydropump is the best secondary move you
can get wow just wow guys oh that is
amazing oh and the polygraph you can't
get the polygraph Oh doc and I don't
like scary dose slowbro Nidoqueen a lot
for us honestly just look at that look
at how big it is that's what she said
yeah
guys that is the end of the Pokemon go
episode and as I said just that about
everything we got it's been a really
really good one guys I've had a lot of
fun gone up with nice meal my dad gone
to a park it was cold by the way and
again I'm sorry for my camera but you
didn't miss too much most of the action
was before and after so I'm so so happy
with I go let's go
I honestly are but that is about it for
this video if you've enjoyed them please
leave a like that'd be absolutely insane
guys got been a world a world to me that
would mean a world to me every like
equals one world that will mean the
world to me
that would mean the world to me guys
thank y'all so much for watching as
always
Ivan Borges you've been awesome and I'll
see you in the next video peace out
dr. carrados us to take
