- open your eyes
yo guys it's morgues and today I have my
500 file new subscriber special with my
mum I can't believe this is actually
happening
told you guys to do a video with your
mom so introduce yourself hi guys i'm
morgan smoke so fast i am your mom early
on today I tweeted out and asked a
question for the QA and basically we're
just going to be answering them be nice
to me go easy to in the conversation
goes you can roast me all you want I'm
following that gross smoke and that's
great you have to do that yeah you just
get your voice hmm yeah what does your
mom think of your YouTube channel and I
think it's really good I'm really proud
of Morgan oh thank you sir I do you get
annoyed with logs recording late does he
make loads of noise oh yeah I'm ice
loads of noise oh you do more again it
goes to sleep in the morning and sleeps
in the day
try and guess more just total view so
this is my entire channel how many views
you think I've got in total 10 billion
okay 10 milligauss million bachchi final
guys 12 12 million okay but you were a
little bit off it's a 39 really okay got
you doing really well I'm proud of you
right so the next challenge we've been
so much question there's been a snore
the question is a challenge but shot of
lemon juice free go for it gasp the eyes
are wide about you good attitude girls
oh we didn't have any shot muscles but
we got we've got the next best thing
oh gosh
sold yourself this stuff is easy by the
way is it now just putting heavily on my
card okay three two one
doing it ah oh no what was awesome no no
why me that's really affected you don't
say that you're all you guys are women
okay uh well okay Oh her okay what does
that mean
okay okay oh oh oh now there's actually
I do
just looking what you were looking at
you doing your hair oh I was not I was
not doing my hair that's a lie
stop lying what is more just most
embarrassing moment once in like when I
was a kid you remember more than me so I
far away oh god Morgan I don't know
where to start
Oh God so many oh gosh we used to when
you were little just used to hit anybody
that you saw any kids if went to the
play area I got to sit down now to
follow you around all the time just
hitting them running and hitting Hakan I
mean I've always been quite dominant
Mustang guy are you dull minun tell her
to impersonate your intro yo guys it's
marks
Oh dawn oh I'm not a youtuber I do my
best have an arm wrestle okay Bree I'm
gonna lose this if I lose this everyone
into the slave yeah I'm not I'm not
strong I'm gonna three two one go three
two one yeah okay night session oh can
you start with your arm just take the
arm off me
big show oh no it's not with your big
show or heaps later I have no idea what
that is the big show The Big Show or
huge Slayer
who'd you know I don't what it is what
which nails were the big show or heaps
later I don't know what they are the
second one be heaps lair
I don't know what it is stop with the
arm where are you disappointed when you
gave birth to morgues I didn't we told
them what that we found you abandoned so
there was a knock on the door one now no
no honestly Morgan please oh no you told
me to be honest okay no oh yeah I don't
know girl's mother oh don't mention the
door step we want it yeah sure but soon
as we saw ya in that basket we wanted
yeah okay I didn't know you didn't want
other people to know that dude you like
better
Morgan or Bruno oh my god that's so
difficult as a dog Oh perhaps slightly
slightly Morgan shoot you I like you
more don't get upset
thank you how many questions are the
Morgan also the next one is the
waterfall challenge obviously got to
flip it I'll try and demonstrate right
basically the objective is to flip up
spin once and then one lit up like that
you know okay oh I'm sorry we have to
start put it to bed okay yay yeah I
can't compete up I don't think the
camera feature I did it okay so now is
your go to stay in you have to hit this
don't swallow yo how much are you / now
how much are you pain I that's to you
how much am I can I wash my I don't
charge anything oh yeah oh God you don't
charge oh and the prostitute
thank you my verifying that you just
said you did it free I didn't say do it
free I said I don't charge because oh my
god okay you implied that you love it so
much that you do it for free no idea
what is what inside such as what you
imply an intense staring contest 3 2 1
you blinked yes my point
Howard us all up you might I promise you
you bling you playing you feeling you
playing she looking I'll let you win
that one okay and God how rude
what do you love about me the most and
these questions are so hard let me try
and think of something is really nice
some kind that's all I can things I try
to ride his swegway you got here ago you
guys at least give it a go okay she's on
you're out yeah oh my god oh my god okay
you doing well you doing really oh my
god she's going she's she's off huh see
oh my god Morgan come here oh my god
I've been dizzy okay coming I'm coming
Oh governor how is that oh hey okay yeah
sit down continue unless I die your mom
to go on the swagman spin five times we
just deleted drop your mom it means like
literally drop you
I point you and drop you lovely thank
you you wouldn't do that I'm not I would
never do such a horrible thing do this
it okay yeah we gotta do
in challenge I've really no okay even if
this do the cinnamon challenge
oh now I've done this before but that
was a year ago and I remember it being
horrible disgusting literally horrible
the worst thing we were dog do you know
several challenges now oh so basically
like we would you get spoonful this
cinnamon and you have to let it breathe
can I wash it it fit no we have to the
same time swear down three two one
Oh
Oh oh my god I mean never ever again I
describe I kept mine in for longer than
you did so there's I mean I win oh yeah
yeah yeah well I thought bulk and I'd no
idea it was going to do that it's fixed
you're doing it sticks to your throat
and it's just stalk I think um luck and
crying I can't live in right well I was
like laughing I swallowed a lot enough
then I'm just like that a spa identify I
gave up Oh can't you dad tell you down
what is dabbing look at my down I don't
do this don't Double Down
look at my down look at my down okay
what does that mean you're on the way
it's been the best ever
dub five times in a row like Bam Bam I'm
and a cool you too late I don't
know what you do I feel really else who
can down I can of Diet Coke the quickest
I think me there's only one way to find
out three two one no what you do we go
Oh
I welcome pregnant terrible
yeah boy I mean they don't call me the
diet coke King for my Morgan that's so
hard to do that when you're the dairy
cow Angus it's very easy
oh she's right civilize the end of this
Q&A with my mom thankfully and so so
much for Bob Woodruff our subscribers
are as amazing how we enjoyed it yes in
brilliant individual soon no no that's
maybe great to feel really cool like
your mom's do oh I don't fortune uncross
your when you're good yeah I've got a
present for you just as a present a
little present for what just the
celebration for getting your five
hundred thousand soaps say well done
Oh give it you know I like to close your
eyes those oh and enough simply Prince
young it's going it's gonna be bad it
knows no measures okay report it from
inference though it's going back come
back
oh yeah yes ammonia door opens it is
running open your eyes I'm done wait
welcome Logan very proud sit down sit
down
Oh God believe it I can't believe you
just done that to make didn't oh my god
on that love to get a shower now
I am I am on literally just before the
video for the video but as always
I've been morgue so you guys have been
awesome and we'll see you in the next
video peace out
I'll give you some up is that not good
you just kidding mover why I fell a
trifle I'm gonna be in that I'm very
variable and now it's all my veins and
your face
