guys I cannot believe this we are
literally minutes minutes away from
hitting five hundred thousand YouTube
subscribers literally any minute now it
could literally be any second run for 99
we've just gone up with chooses one off
one off come on just got trolled sick
love that to more some people just need
to oh my god
I can't believe it oh my Oh back down to
four nine nine now seven Jesus then he
is going strong
oh my god believe it we've just hit 500k
that number is incredible that number is
absolutely incredible I don't believe it
I am honestly speechless I can't believe
it guys Matt absolutely Matt yo guys
it's morgues and today I have my five
hundred thousand subscriber video or at
least my first one so I have no script
for this video I have no clue how this
is gonna go but honestly I just want to
speak to you guys because I've never I
don't think I've ever felt this amount
of emotion ever before I'm just
completely speechless like as I said I
don't know how this video is going to go
but obviously I want to start by saying
thank you to every single one of you
like I've been doing YouTube now for a
very long time this channel I've only
asked for like a year and a half two
years but I've had so many different
channels coming up through YouTube I've
been doing it since I was about 10 years
old as I said I've said this in a
previous year I remember literally sat
down me ten-year-old me sat down on my
HP Pavilion laptop doing a Minecraft
video and having that get like 12 views
or something like that kind of them be
me but I've just tried so hard in my
entire life it's always been my dream
but I've always wanted to entertain
people but I've never kind of done it
and I'd be like speaking to them and
interacting with them and producing
content for them but it was always a
dream I never thought it actually
happened and then Here I am SIA today
with half a million subscribers that
number is is absolutely huge that is
huge it's this mud and that's what is
just crazy I'm just still stuck here
just trying to take in that number about
500,000
is purely crazy it's completely crazy
and I'm just so thankful and I'm so
appreciative of this and I mean it
hasn't come easy to me this has taken so
much hard work like I have been trying
so hard nights where everyone's been out
my friends have been out and I've been
offered to do this all that and I've
said no I've stayed in I've done videos
and all the nights all the hours that's
got into editing and film them when I've
been down when I've been depressed when
I've been upset having to turn on the
camera and just keep trying keep working
and all the months where I'd literally
gain nothing I'd get nowhere and I'd
always say just keep going just keep
going because one day I'll get there I
believed in myself and I've always
believed in my ability and it's crazy
that today is kind of that day like I
just hear a humungous Gold like five
hundred thousand is something I never
ever thought I'd get to in fact I never
thought I'd even get to like 10k well
like even a cake like when I was just
starting out the goal was literally
hundreds of the goal was hundred then I
thought maybe we can push four thousand
one day now as I'm able to push for 10k
then maybe 100 and then 500 and the next
one's a million and again I'm confident
I'm really really confident but gonna
take a lot of work and the thing that
kind of pleases me the most is the I
inside know that I've done this all
myself like I didn't get any shoutouts
from people and it getting help I wasn't
given this I wasn't given that it was
all my hard work I don't want to sound
like I'm like to my own horn and I did
this and I did that but honestly it's a
really good feeling when you put hours
and hours and hours of work into
something and it pays off and all of you
can relate to that all of you maybe kind
of love you maybe just starting out and
you kind of not get in anywhere but I
just say to you guys just honestly
believe in yourself keep going if you
believe in yourself then you can make it
and honestly like I just want to say the
humungous up I'm overwhelming I just
want to say a humungous thank you
because I'm saying all this about I did
this my hard work and that but honestly
without you guys what's the what am i
you literally you guys have given me
everything that I could have ever asked
for
I say here in front of this camera and I
feel at home I feel welcome I know that
if I upload something it's going to be
appreciated like while I was away in
Lanzarote I met like 50 people that's in
a different country and that like me and
them seeing the smile on their faces by
looking at me and it's like wow like
while I Lin
why like why I mean I'm just a user I
would assume in front of a camera but
it's just crazy like the feeling knowing
that you've accomplished something which
you always wanted to accomplish
I really just really just can't believe
it and no no there'll be people watching
this thinking he did this he did that he
doesn't work hard he doesn't deserve
this and you guys just you're entitled
to your own opinion obviously if you
don't like me that is completely fine if
you don't like my videos again that's
completely fine I understand that knife
owns you like my videos there's people
out there probably thinking right now
this kid's voice is absolutely terrible
there's probably people thinking that
part in line is absolutely atrocious
there's probably people thinking he
looks like he's ten didn't get fair
enough I might do and you may think all
of those things but I'm personally happy
with myself I'm happy with what I've
achieved and I'm happy to have team work
out there five hundred thousands and I
is just incredible and really everybody
ever even just clicked on one of my
videos thank you honestly thank you so
much what I'm going to do is another
video for 500k and that one will be more
of an actual special video if you get me
like a 500k special and what I want you
to do is leave in the comment section a
video idea for a 500,000 special I'm
talking something never seen before it
could be something original it could be
a brand new thing could be something
that's been done before which you
enjoyed it could literally be anything
one idea I thought was a Q&A with a
family member but that's been done quite
a lot before so I just want you guys to
tell me what you want to see I like
making you guys feel at home here and if
there's anything ever wrong anything
that you don't like about this or the
channel or anything and I always try my
best to like taught you guys and
interactive you guys and you may be
thinking well you've never replied to me
you didn't reply to this comment this
it's extremely hard but I really do try
my best in trouble if everyone helped
you guys out and if you guys help me out
I really try to say thank you to you all
individually because you all do mean a
lot but sometimes it's just too hard so
when I say thank you I mean it to every
single person out there it's like to
comment and I haven't replied that's
just watching my videos and doesn't
comment it honestly just it just to
everyone just thank you all a lot but
that is where I'm going to end this
video so I really really hope you've all
enjoyed as always I've been logged you
guys have been absolutely awesome thank
you all so much for Father's okay I know
see you all in the next video peace out
you
