if there's a Pokemon that you desire but
cannot seem to catch then click the link
in the description to any Pokemon calm
they will log straight into your account
and catch the Pokemon for you and
remember to use code Lords I check out
for a discount hello guys and welcome
back to another Pokemon go episode and
today we have an interesting one and
that's because today we are off to a
western park I believe which is like
some animals there there's also some
water rides there it's in a different
place all together we got to get taxi
there so hopefully that should mean some
brand new Pokemon guys so what we'll do
right now is play a screenshot of my
Pokemon team on the screen right now I
can see looking really really cool so
many look varies after my last episode
if you haven't seen already then go
check it out it's a really really good
one but today she'll be really really
awesome guy for exploring a new place
like a western part I'm going to try and
get some videos of the animals but what
I'm going to do right now is get going I
got Pike my bike then we're going to get
taxi down to this place and if you're
excited for today's episode then please
leave like on the video as always 10,000
likes would be absolutely awesome but I
think it's about time we get going guys
so let's go
just other types here guys we've just
arrived and there's actually three pokey
stops in the parts and we should
hopefully be getting some good Pokemon
throughout today but we're just got to
go and actually get into it result
there's all so we made it in and work on
that but I really have no idea where
we're going
oh there's a few shows on which we're
probably going to watch but I think
we're gonna head for the wall but right
now cuz there looks like there's a few
slide which I'm gonna give it up so we
are there in the center and we're
heading right there to the water park
it's a few slides a few balls should be
fun your eyes Oh open the pipe
Oh God
Marlon nice Hey oh these guys are pretty
scary call up guys find a water park
it'll - actually working young right now
try finding it looks like the kids they
over there got some slides definitely go
down both of them yeah I'm just wrapping
up right what the place is and where
everything is a few poker stops and
there's a few slides so from quite
happen
I miss you I miss you
so just got off of the first round of
inertia well I'm built actually the law
they were mad but they were those that
than I expected to myself I find anyway
now actually sat on a log roll down on
Kobe stop and oh just wait until you get
to some jail you start by a wall compare
get to moving your character even though
your little side down keeps moving away
from the law I have to keep restarting
my hand guys were so far we've had a
pidgeotto Zhan there and get every catch
it by morning at Pidgeot there's not
much point we're just kind of waiting
wait see what I mean it literally keeps
moving me a waiting game
stop it after restart and put me up guys
found a pigeon no I was actually going
to plant rice so we're doing water part
now we're just going to kind of live and
look at some of the animals don't know
what oh snow your mates
okay guys big buddy snake okay Wow
Jesus I don't know man okay I came here
good is it bad I'm kind of more
interested in Pokemon than all these
animals what probably is all this looks
quite interesting what we are here
oh god it's a bloody Puma it's bloody
humour joggers humour joggers oh it's
down there he's plating moving his Ryan
Miller on the shades it's just some
doing oh really is it is it dead
I think it's dead guys another
potentially dangerous animal where is
this potentially dangerous animal fine
you lion-o it's over there Barda buddy
all food guys Jesus pretty small pretty
small like I could take it but run away
to a sea lion show sea lions oh god
these singer a bit worried good it white
needs it
I said armadillo boy hey Montague I see
line chair mate Oh
mr. C line they found a mine cave on the
curry let us don't think I'm going to
catch this I realize can't be bothered
to go see you later bye thank you bye
so then I put on let's see 90 seconds my
words like a copper our situation is
that messy Wow
probably can't see this guys we found by
the rata tower honestly not getting the
best of luck walking around here in
terms of Pokemon but I assume we'll be
getting a lot more Pokemon later
obviously we'll be out and about tell
you what guys it's absolutely boiling
honestly yeah yeah okay okay we got a
horse I'm gonna attempt to selfie excuse
me excuse me
Oh jacking his name is John John John
oh it's named John selfie with John dude
dude come on dude Oh
rejection Oh what you just love to sit
home haha
Oh which one do I get such a hard choice
oh no I think I'm nothing will get up no
I think I'm gonna dog it's can't use
right so we are up right now back to the
hotel we're gonna go in the pool or the
beach but today's I have been really
cool so far I mean it is only three
o'clock so realm has had been gone for a
long time but we're back off now do
hotel get a touch too bad it's not a
good time caught like no Pokemon though
so that's not good outside car park
place we gotta get taxi so this could be
quite a long process so we went to the
taxi stop there was about 50 people
guess how many taxis
none so walking so since we're walking
back I thought I'd take this time to
talk to you about something which I've
been planning on talking to you about
for a while I saw ali-a did this so I
kind of delayed it because I thought you
guys would wreck me in the conversation
there's been like a copycat but trust me
I've been thinking of doing this for
quite a while and betas will talk to you
about shiny pokemon in pokemon gold
shiny pokemon have been in all the games
basically if you want shiny pokemon are
I'm not like an expert but it's like one
in every eight fouls in Pokemon you'll
get will be shiny like average and shiny
pokemon is literally just a pokemon with
like a different color scheme so eg
you've got like the red Gyarados you've
got two different ones Charizard it's
like I think it's green so it's like
weird ones like that but shiny pokemon
are really really cool like you don't
find them very often and when you find
them it's absolutely mad now what I was
wanting to talk to you about is how they
could introduce like shiny pokemon into
pokemon go now
I really don't know why they haven't
done this like how cool would that be it
gives you another reason to like go and
catch everything and like don't look at
everything because if I find the zubur
and it's ignore it but if shiny we're in
the game you'd have to like check every
one just to double-check it wants to
shine it'd be really really cool I
personally have never caught a shiner
well there was one which I wasn't
actually sure if it was a shiny and it
was a hippopotamus or HIPAA toss hip hop
on us I'm not sure how you actually say
it I wasn't sure if it was a shiny I was
googling because the color scheme it
looks slightly different usual and I was
never really sure that's all I remember
but I don't think I've ever caught like
a really cool shiny so I don't see why
that either Pokemon girls think in a
future update adding shiny pokemon would
be absolutely awesome cause a surge of
walking back now
it's very hot like very very high thinks
about 31 degrees chaos it's time for the
first egg of today's episode my scream
record has been a little bit laggy
recently hopefully it picks this up okay
but I believe this is a 5k egg
Geodude it was a 2k we've already got
golem but I mean dude is not too bad oh
shoot another one run ago okay come on
second egg right now come over here
please we need something good
magical okay I'll actually take that you
know many people's rise from magical
League in accelerated I like magic eyes
man we got 309 Canada we're getting
close to the Gyarados I think this is
another 2k if the first day or two K's
Oh God
keep zoom out good yells ooh but really
anyway we are literally two minutes away
from the beach right now so we're going
to gain got a gopher ready and hopefully
we can get some cool shots
so we're back in the hotel now and it's
actually been a few hours since I did
the last clip of the schwag I've just
been sunbathing pretty much in having a
few dips in the pool to cool down but
now what we're doing is going back to
the room of course I'm going to get
dressed have a shower and then we're
going to go out later and just because
we were now things to do because we've
done most of it I'm going to do me my
daddy gonna do bowling today she wins
that probably gonna be me but no it's
not with you it's not gonna be you dad
you've never beat me a bowl yeah you've
never beat me a bowling I see you I
might beat every time anyway we're going
back to the room now in the hotel it's
really nice honestly this trips just me
absolutely mad also dad Pokemon
just saying why is your best poke on
there you go there where I am now to
where you burn after five days uh I'm
better than you it's just there is there
is no argument here how I talk to you
that I've got to mm you've my even gods
like 700 something hot really anyway
we're back in the old on
so what we're back in the room now gonna
have a bit of a chilling off you hours
actually tilt oh yeah we're gonna opt to
and even so that the way we're gonna go
for tea obviously I mean I assume you
guys opposed be expecting that well yeah
chill shower tea bowling Pokemon Bev and
dad there we go
show me team show me team move it pooper
come on CP order it then oh we did it
for one hour we can do everything alone
just call ready to go our I haven't
blown much of literally just min sorry
I'm watching YouTube videos so it would
have been much to vlog anyway but we're
about to go out the time is currently 8
o'clock it's literally just gonna
o'clock so we're about to head out guys
you got a lovely good old rusty light
probe it's again a very warm night
Pokemon so far
Zuba and Ekans
no stop constantly to cop the look egg
pop the incense guys we're good to go -
I'm looking in the distance and a
spotless gym right look at this so got a
686 dodrio you're six seven eight pincer
it's 1020 a ride on a 1529 Gyarados for
one pass Bogdan 86 no likes
a 2009 guy those Jesus Christ guys Valor
have got that one locked down we just
took a little bit of a stop off at
McDonald's just get a little drink and
now we're off to the bowl and it's 10
past 10:00 so I have no clue cos going
to be open hope is always going to be a
bit of a buzzkill boys growlithe on this
wall on the way to the bowling good CP
good CP 628 guys not to but all now it
shows on a great ball why did I give the
pokeball I could have been a bad
decision okay come on 1 2 first time Oh
first time guys we got another egg I
believe this is only like a 5 case I'm
not gonna scream record this one was
gonna call it my camera oh my gosh - Kay
egg Sparrow like was it wasn't even
worth recording good got anything else
no that's it guys look guys literally
inside bowling guy
which is good please absolutely boil in
and my top is blowing okay with all of
this growler for the bowl when it
actually seems pretty lit really cool so
we are now back in the room and I know
you guys are probably thinking Morgan
Wendell footage from tonight what are
you doing basically as you guys know
Balaam's bonds with my cameras and I
don't know what's going on them over but
it just seems to be kind of going wrong
but don't worry guys it's not the end of
the world
you didn't actually miss much now where
I could've logoff was when I was just
starting bowling I can say that I did
deliver my said time to completely be
dad all three games be him and it was
absolutely amazing dad how are you
recovering from that massive loss
against me a bowl win massive loss there
is some sort of laughs yummy the pins
six times in a whole game so yeah after
we finished bowling we went and sat in a
bar to start like a coke and I got ice
cream
but one thing happened is rationally coy
pretty cool pokémon it was actually a
Nidoqueen now you may be thinking it a
queen that's amazing why aren't you
making a big deal out of it this is why
it was a 637 CT as you can see so even
if I did have my camera work and I
probably won't even recorded this anyway
but six of your phone 72 quinol I'd
point out to you guys not too bad but
now I'm going to do is the thing I've
been hyping up for Sentai episode the
evolution now this is a really really
really big one guys they parrot are two
rapidash now I already have a rapper -
but it's not the ICP this one will be a
lot better I'm going to show you my pony
ton of also got some candy so I can
actually pull this thing off and I've
also got a lot of starters - so McCourt
rabadash is 1135 so keep that in mind
guys my height pelletize 946 so I'm
gonna do literally just power this up as
much as I can with my stylist 1008 we're
going to hit their balls this could
potentially feel like one thousand five
one day we go rapid ice pretty cool pose
wanna meters and I'm
the change in the actual design of the
Pokemon but come on here it comes
they're like 1477 guys I said I wanted
around 1500 and we basically got there
so that I actually uh nice bye Phil come
on guys I'm actually but it quickly
favorite that I'm really really happy
with my guys that's a really really good
way to end the episode so that wrap that
right tie the golem Flareon tentacle
ride on the fable so Casey's no joke
that's a really really good Pokemon does
this made this attitude a whole lot
better
there we go guys 1477 rapidash the move
set is very very good Enver and drill
rule I'm actually quite happy with that
so really really that's bullion my throw
is just not keeping up today that's a
really really good way to end the
episode both eyes the end of this
episode guys tomorrow is Friday and
we're actually heading home but when
you're watching this it will be Friday
and we're actually getting the plane
home about seven o'clock but yeah we
will have one more episode after this
and this will be Friday's episode and it
will be like starting here going back to
England and all that and everyone back
in England I'm gonna take a look at like
all the stuff we got wiring lands rot it
should be a cool episode boys you've
enjoyed this one please leave like on
the video 10,000 would be absolutely
amazing so if I'm really read but I mean
I know I'm always quite read but I've
actually got a little bit sunburned
Bayley wrap my feet and my legs my face
maybe a little bit but I'm always red so
just doesn't make a difference for guys
as I said it's been Jordan a lot will
merely world smell really really
everything to us video and as always
I've been morgues you guys been awesome
I'll see you in the next video peace Oh
