guys today is the day if there's a
Pokemon that you desire but cannot seem
to catch then click the link in the
description to any Pokemon calm they
will log straight into your account and
catch the Pokemon for you and remember
to use code mods at checkout for a
discount today is the day somehow you
don't know I'm talking about today is
the day that I go on holiday now it's
currently Friday it's 9 o'clock I
actually haven't slept my logic behind
that was that if I didn't sleep tonight
I'd be able to get some sleep on the
plane because it is a 4-hour flight
going to Lanzarote you guys probably
know all of this also if you are excited
for all the videos which I will produce
when I'm out and hold it and please
smash the like on the video if we could
get 10,000 lights on my first video with
my first holiday video then that would
be insane but I will do is play a
picture of my Pokemon team on the screen
right now and also why do you run out of
a picture of the gold screen on the
screen right now so obviously the gold
star now so what we were about to do
right now is set off and we're going in
the car to Sheffield train station and
then a Sheffield train station we're
going to get changed in Manchester train
stations and at Manchester we're gonna
go to munch a dress war and then our
flight is that 2 p.m. but my dad should
be here any minute in the car so I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna go downstairs get
prepared get my shoes on and I really
really hope you guys are all excited for
today's long let's do this
the translation are now we will walk to
the asshole and why is it - here it is
1026 so it goes while on time to kill
made it to the airport now
we just got check-in all finished now
guys with check those bags and gone
through security now we're going to the
airport lounge we hood we've rented out
for three hours
oh but I don't know no other vendors out
is it but yeah we're going that we got
three hours till the flight it's quite a
while but thing going to work on the
video and yeah I'm quite excited to be
honest you're excited yeah not not no
sign of very excited to this premium
lounges yes boys in the lounge now all
drinks are free I imagine are they
having quite a few days longer but we
got three hours here so got a lot of
time to kill it's quite nice
like relax a bit free food but I'll
probably log down and I also know it's a
Starbucks on lawyers so I may have to
get a cool line refresher go for a walk
I'm getting a Starbucks okay so the
plane is now boarding it takes off in
about thirty minutes but we're just on
the way it's quite far away so we've got
a bit of a walk while I was waiting I
actually stood on it wore like a
coked-up law and we got a few belts
belts by three V's actually but now
we're on the way to the plane
so why rock'n run dry after namaste with
the gold polka one I'm the first thing I
see is a 5px oh we're going to open this
right now see what we get we need
something good
right we've got a case now and we're
just on the way to the taxi and then the
hotels about a ten minute drive away so
it could be those down like 15 minutes
I'm so excited also we have two 10k eggs
one of them 7.6 which will probably
hatch in this video another one a 1.6
which probably won't 10-minute taxi
drives and then with the hotel
right so when we arrived at the hotel
the actual people on reception have
upgraded us literally just upgraded us
to the top one because obviously I'm a
youtuber and that's the shower type one
hotel leisler yell Mar and I'm not gonna
lie this is by far the nicest hotel room
I have ever been to in my life I mean
obviously I'm Ellen shifty I've been to
many nice ones but this is literally the
nicest hotel room I have ever been in
there is one two three four five six
rooms the six rooms and the things two
of them are outside rooms I'm not going
to give too much away now because I'm
going to do a separate video on this if
we can get 10,000 likes on this video
I'll do a room tour and this isn't like
a hotel room with just one and two like
this in the hotel just like one bedroom
and a balcony this is literally I've
never seen anything like it
I've never seen anything like it and one
thing I actually realized is that I can
complete one of the challenges right now
if we go to Pokemon and I go to Snorlax
I can actually power this guy out and if
we power this up I believe there we go
our first two bowels in Pokemon so get
up the challenge list let's tick that
box there we go with by 2022 snow likes
and dies the first challenge completed
we've already done one out of nine and
we've been here for about an hour so
right now I'm off to go have tea just in
the hotel we've got hot board so we can
a pee I'm breakfast and then after that
later we will be going out unlike a walk
exploring the resort so that's when we
should find most of the Pokemon I assume
but I mean I'm taking my phone just in
case we find any roaming the restaurant
but I highly doubt we will but seriously
guys just look at this
this hotel is literally insane I've
never seen anything like it's just so
modern sat in the restaurant and we
found a Sun shoe now these are fairly
rare
come come I think I've only got like one
of these it'd be good to get a Sun slash
there we go we got it guys we happen to
be stuck right on a pokey stop so we're
going to bind down a law my final war
and how we do guys we've got a breaking
war while we have tea so hopefully we
should be getting something pretty good
while we're stuck here look there's an
there's an actual chocolate fountain
there's a bloody chocolate found this
this is as much okay so we have found a
growlers now this helps because
obviously one of the goals is to get an
ark and I so we real nice getting we're
getting reasonably close to the arcanine
so honestly we need to make this catch
there we go guys we've got the growler
I'm going to see how much candy we have
because I believe we are over halfway
there to the growler to the arcanine we
have twenty nine out of fifty quite
close guys hopefully we can get the ark
around by the end of the holiday guys I
do not believe it we've literally been
here for an hour and we found a rapid I
sure I did this is a brand new Pokemon
ruff - I can't believe it which it's a
1135 which is pretty good it's going to
be a hard catch it's going to be a very
hard
a little coin
come on Escoffier one two
you got it oh god we gotta go
that was stressful that was very very
stressful but we got it run you go ruff
attack especially ventra guys who just
got that 1135 guys run a token we're
gonna for an hour
what can spork I say that was very
stressful but we got it in the end
literally just after I stopped the
recording for that laughter - we've got
a gravel noted 96 EP it's gonna be
needed catch with a brand new Pokemon
again when another 600 XP this is insane
between you Pokemon but which would be
near an hour I cannot believe it I'm
going to use a great ball is gonna try
and capture it should be easy it's 1963
we've hit it first time if we don't get
the first time I'm going to be very very
confused one two frite there we go brand
new Pokemon grab work terrible sweet
people you cannot deny the fastest eyes
beautiful alright so basically you guys
now we're on our land I said we're gonna
walk in top ten we're gonna probably go
in a few light bars and just slice for
the resort so we're gonna be doing a lot
of walking and the 10k
egg is currently on eight point six out
of ten so there'll be a 10k egg hatch in
this video found a wild cover to attract
you Pokemon I cannot believe in these
bird fur new Pokemon in this video today
we're actually getting really really
lucky we're gonna hit it with an ultra
ball it's low CP so we should be quite
easy to catch to free there we go we've
got it another brand new Pokemon
that's the third benefit upon this video
what can you say
please it's going well so far sick there
you go so we found another growlithe
guys Lanzarote is growl of central right
now that's - that is not free there we
go we got the girl that guy's 657 really
really good one that so I've only been
walking for about 10 minutes and we've
already caught a brand new Cavuto and
another growl if it's going well so far
so I saw an AR bot in the wild and then
clicked on it looked at the CP and it's
CP 21 why friction force killing I'm
going to catch it I really don't care
okay guys so it's time it's time for the
10k egg it's finally ready right I'm
going to go over what I want what I
don't want I want anything new so will
it's your anything new that could be
Chauncey that can be Electra boars that
can be anything like that why don't want
is something like a jinx or an Eevee
anything like that I don't want so we've
been waiting for this the entire video -
10 K egg oh my god please I need
something new just something you porn
you lovebirds okay we've already got a
lot for us but that's one of the best
things statistically you can get so it's
not as good as my current one
unfortunately but I mean it's another
light press let me check the moveset
he's not new so I don't know whether to
be happy or not but I mean it's alright
it could have been worse let's put it
that way
and norther growlithe on 2 bre there we
go another girl if I imagine we're
getting very very close to the arcanine
found another gravel guys dacoit 299 CP
were fighting tons of these gravels but
they're all seen trucks pretty poor CPS
so we found somewhere to sit and walk
aright guys the buddy Machoke shame
everything we seem to be finding seems
Tove lo see piece of 317
so yeah 317 CP were finding rare Pokemon
but we just don't seem to be having much
luck with the CP I still catch it though
because obviously I need the can be
towards the match um that's one of the
Pokemon on the challenges so all the
candy helps and there we go that's free
more candy not bad guys not bad found
another growlers guys literally they are
everywhere in Lanzarote I am almost
certain that we will have an Arcanine by
the end of the holiday guys only gonna
find herself buddy squirrel or raspberry
rose to the screws
even my dog yeah okay go we actually
need two guys ultra balls okay
watch - I got mine today I mean first
child what you say why can you say
squirrel guys not too bad on the way to
the bloody Blastoise
so we found a wild arbok obviously we've
gotten these earlier but this one's a
decent CP 512 could be bad but it
could've been worse obviously they've
been worse we're gonna try and catch
this among using ultra more I'm gonna
use a great I think we can get it with a
great ball spin it jumped to another
great ball spin blocked again great ball
spin okay great
great great great eat one two three
there we go boys easy catch arbok not
too bad
was the CP again with it 500 I forgot
512 I'll take that
look at that guys we leveled up to level
20 for you guys absolutely awesome and
this episode's been packed and there's
also growl with another growl as
honestly I've got so many of these in
this video 741 by now this is this is
going to be a big one this I actually
need this okay that's a great ultra ball
hit that should be it
I really don't see how that can't be it
come on please one two three there we go
okay that could be potentially and
insane Arcanine honestly that was 741 we
got 45 candy by the way so if we're
lucky we'll probably get to see the
arcanine in the second episode or in the
next episode but we're sat on a log
we'll get some decent stuff gone to the
poliwag there we'll need this no but
yeah growlithe insane catch I'm really
happy about that
hi guys we got some eggs on the way home
I think these are 5k if I think that's
UK so I'm not expecting much start
Pokemon Oh Pikachu would be epic a
Diggler wait does that mean it was a 5k
I've already got Dugtrio so either way
that's terrible
Oh Gold yeah there were five K's eggs in
anyway Goldie we didn't need that we
definitely need that but well but you
know guys and this is what I am going to
end the video it's been a really really
good day a great day of cutting pokken
we've got some incredible things I've
done of growlers we got a brand new
Kabuto we got a brand new roughly -
should we go brand new gravel honestly
it's been an insane episode today one of
the best in my opinion we hope you enjoy
like the vlog style the beginning and
all that and if we get ten thousand
likes on this video as I said I would do
a room tour and just because you'll
enjoy that honestly but I think that's
about it I really really really enjoyed
and as always I've been moved you have
been awesome and I'll see you in the
next video peace
