guys there is literally two minutes
until I turn 15 I'm gonna get it live my
Twitter feed is literally blowing off
I've got 93 notifications guys if he
honest is my 15th birthday so what can I
really do I can go see a 15 film I've
got 20 notifications in the space of
literally 30 seconds my birth date any
second now
there we go I'm 15 boys finally the day
has come I'm 15 X relation ma slice
check my notifications I've got 99 plus
oh my god I've never felt so loved in
the life I've even got the balloons on
matera car that's awesome G so many
people my birthday happy birthday happy
birthday happy birthday happy but all my
god this is my there we go I'm 50 years
yo guys it's morgues and today we have
my birthday video so as you can tell by
the scenery is now my birthday you guys
saw the live reaction wasn't much of a
reaction but now I am 15 it just feels
better sound 15 rather than 14 but today
we have an awesome video plan to my
right in this bag is it's full of mail
guys watch this oh damn there's a lot of
mail and basically why I'm going to be
doing is opening as much as this as I
can as you can see we've got some pretty
interesting ones here some of these
could be big some of these could be
birthday presents I'm not really sure
and we're gonna ask you guys for
anything just because like your support
is like a present to me actually we just
hit 400 thousand subs so guys like your
present to me guys 400,000 subs we just
hit it as soon as it turned to my
birthday so thank you all for that
anyway why I'm gonna do now just before
we start this video is tell you guys
about an app now this app is what I've
been playing a lot recently this app and
Pokemon go on my two favorite apps of
Moon I've been playing this laughing out
and about while been aside well I've
been having a yeah I play this
along it is called best fiends now you
may have heard of the art it's quite
popular at the moment I've seen quite a
few other youtubers talking about it and
playing it though the word describe is
like an addictive puzzle battle game and
basically what you do is you collect
characters and build a team round them
and then you use their characters to
defeat the slugs which are like the bad
guys and your team is bugs and the
enemies are slow
and there's so many characters that you
can collect there's literally almost 500
levels right with new levels added every
three weeks the awesome thing about the
app is you can actually play it without
connecting to the internet so you don't
need Wi-Fi or data and what I want you
guys to do is tweet me over my Twitter
what level you are I'm currently level
31 so really popular up is a link in the
description for you guys to click to get
the our you can just get it for free
from the App Store or the Google Play
Store and one final thing if you play
today Saturday or tomorrow Sunday you
can win a free gift in the game anyway
guys what I'm gonna do is get into the
first package got the knife and
basically we're gonna start with this
one now this one is really hard I guess
it just feels kind of hard I don't know
what this is well this actually comes
all the way from this is a Swedish
package guys that is awesome plus the
knife I've lost that there it is okay
I'm not sure what's inside here actually
I'm just male everywhere Jesus Christ oh
I can't get into it we have to cut even
more there we go I'm gonna turn it like
that oh my god boys this the buddy eyes
this man United champions membership let
me open there see what's inside here
after this guy's been watching me for
about three weeks and he says he sent me
something special not weighing every day
yeah fair enough what's the guy's name
what's the guy's name
oh ll EE X is only a thing that's
probably anyway thank you for sending
this ollie
I guess I give that I really if I ever
decide to become a man United supporter
but yeah thanks for that
alright what we're going here feels like
this one made some sweets in here or
something like that I don't know let's
find out oh Jesus so first of all
buttered popcorn jelly beans quite cool
we've got some glasses like so as you
can see she'll put these on there we go
guys so some glasses a little fairly
cool to be honest and in here we've got
a dog a dog caddy
sick the buddy hole in the bottom anyway
we've got a skateboard Jesus this guy
sent allies I could just pick me like a
minion think it is that's quite cool and
then it is like Lego bricks I don't
they're obviously not Lego bricks but
you put them together under you can
build stuff I mean he sent me five so
kind of limits how much I can build with
this but yeah sweet oh this guy's sent
me really cool Joran of me and Bruno
it's kind of lightly drawn so you can't
really see it very well but that's
really really cool oh so this is
be watching since 5k stops watching
since 5k subs guys that's awesome
alright what else we got we'll open this
one this one's quite big I need the
knife keep losing the knife there it is
ok we found the knife I don't want to be
careful there we go I think we're in
I'll put the knife there so I don't
forget it also you guys like the new
kind of camera setup I'm thinking of
doing these on the sofa for like the
fear box openings but tell me do you
like them in here we've got munchies I
think they've melted a little bit but I
love munchies guys oh and then we've got
white a few nosy I mean some of these
maybe joins oh look I guys that's
awesome I like to say you are an amazing
youtuber you're one of my favorite
youtubers and definitely deserve a
million subscribers oh hi guys awesome
thank you so much
oh I'm dropping everything everyone we
got this one right here listen let's
open this right now also guys I
completely forgot to say if you want to
send me anything for the next pure box
opening then the pure Box address is on
the screen right now and in the
description that's complete with God to
say guys anyways once it ends in for the
next one who said whatever you want
there's a paragraph in the description
saying like the best things to send you
can send like gifts on our anything you
want really I mean the walleye species
kind of feeling all girl washed up on
there but yeah let's let's crack into
this one see what this guy said woo
we've got some food Smarties we've got
kicker and then finally choco and
caramel not sure they is but that looks
pretty awesome that guy's got an awesome
draw in there and then the second thing
we've got we've got a No
oh this guy says I'm the best youtuber
of all time thanks a lot for that Karen
man that really really means a lot I
roll my sleeves up guys it's getting
high in my room everything means a lot
by the way guys I know we're saying this
video it means a lot a lot boy it really
really does whenever you send something
to me this is coming all the way from
from I don't know anyway let's go into
this I really couldn't figure out
where's this from guys rip into that so
the first thing here is our pencil case
I think that's a pencil case Oh some
calls in it - pretty unique thing to
send I guess and then in here we've got
a bunch of sweets and I think these are
football cards we've got no one's more
no ones we've got even more melons and
then I think we've got no here so let me
read this I love your bids I'm subject
to thousand subs you are an awesome
youtuber and it's great to see you grow
from two thousand subs to three hundred
and eleven thousand seven hundred and
fifty six which is a sub count I was on
when this guy said this so it shows
to grow which is been happening on the
channel recently nice really really
awesome this is some column who is 10
years old thank you so much buddy we got
a game in here I think Far Cry 4 box
with a PES 2015 in it oh I'm used I'm
really not amused
we got a wallet in here super dry wallet
you are my joint favorite YouTube with
ksi and Joella but when I'm sad you
cheer me up and I love watching your
YouTube videos with my friends and hope
you enjoy pears on your new wallet oh
thank you so much is really awesome this
is from Sam who is a man United
supporter so that's too many nights of
supporters we've added this video thank
you guys and thank you Sam another
package is resting in this it feels
really light looks like there maybe just
could be a join or something in here
stuck to my finger there we go oh that's
a pretty awesome drawing look at I guys
as an awesome Jordan that's definitely
gonna go up on the wall these from
Michael for you do this on the 30th of
July and let's read the note on the back
of this gonna keep it short I love your
videos I've been watching for quite a
while now
I saw you insomnia i-57 but I missed out
talking to you since you walked by our
sachet never mind keep up the good work
hashtag wrote to one mill and if you
could say Michael for on camera that
would mean the world to me Cheers
thank you Michael and put that to the
side because I definitely going up on
the wall jeez is that loom bands anyone
won't buy loom bands everybody wanna buy
little birds ah I'll do me just wearing
that for the rest of the video know what
I'm gonna put all of these loom bands on
this one can go next to me watch I don't
know the bloody how this one is but can
go on that wrist this one can go on that
one but like a year six girl next
package my back is really really hurting
guys and wonder why I have the knife but
like I don't really want to use it
because what happens if I simply costume
from this inside so I'm just gonna use
my hands sweets
bobbies snake winder I've seen these
down at me shot by the way
I'm Ted I'm taking that off in here it's
too much guys Snape winder that's all so
I'm actually gonna eat that later on to
be honest oh you guys know I love
skittles there we go another pack of
Skittles just when I was running out you
guys come and send me some all day a
nice warm big mugs guy from Jody
McDonald h10 never
making videos because they are awesome
marks thank you very much this one is
blue literally blue ah it's got tape all
around the body envelopes um have to do
my best to open this okay we'll take a
look at a second to mold okay let's open
this oh my god they really really
creative answer this on the video do you
think smaller channels could get more
attention than they get now what I
actually think should happen for the
smaller channels like I was saying this
ever since I was a lot smaller I think
this should be an actual section of
YouTube designed for the channels maybe
under 100 K or just for some of the
smaller channels why maybe they can get
their videos featured markers you look
at all the recommended and all the what
to watch next and stuff it's all the big
youtubers with all the views and it kind
of leaves smaller youtubers with a
really really hard job to grow oh yes I
do think they should get more attention
than they get hey mods on eleven years
old going into year 7 in September I've
been watching you for about one hour
I've been watching you for about one
hour oh and you subscribe it and I
really enjoyed it
by the way to go that's what it looks
like that is really really awesome I'll
put that to the side again that's
definitely going on the wall oh wise nah
no this is a game receive ten pound PSN
card I'm all to my name is Louie I'm 13
years old your videos are amazing I've
been watching since 5k sobs I love your
fat hogs videos they are so funny it's
so cool how much you've grown YouTube
and it's such a pleasure speaking to you
PS enjoy my present thank you so much
wow that's a really really cool new
shovel sweet I like it
DJ loose book I don't know either guys
not a lie this one has been taped up a
lot nah Jolly Ranchers oh my god only
ranches amazing sweets I love these guys
awesome definitely gonna have some of
them later oh that's an awesome drawing
guys look it up Dietmar oh I don't know
if you can see the huh well that's a
really really cool drawing from a big
fan jack Panter thank you jack oh what
the oh Jesus that shocked me oh my god I
don't know why shot me but it shot me
anyway
frisbee I like it
whoa what's this this is kind of wrapped
up kind of weirdly
oh just can't get into it oh they didn't
sure but things look a lot we don't only
have what it's mugs
two ways
exposed to things look at these guys
we've got even more of these packages to
open so let's start on these packages
guys first one Hill is reasonably
interesting this is quite a quite hard
one it's kind of squishy though but I
guess that's the bubble wrap my god is a
ps4 game oh my god so much me looking
MOC ps4 game are BBC Jesus Christ guys I
mean I guess I was quite unique so that
was from Keira okay we got a massive one
here look at the size of this next in my
head it's literally bigger than my head
come on I've got on get into it there we
go we're in first thing I can see is a
Twix then also we've got a pretty
awesome join it more like our 2 logo
Diet Coke YouTube that's awesome I say
awesome quite a lot don't up I don't
really know how else to describe it it's
really really cool to allow some alpha
use 10 years old then slow alpha man
this one God knows what's in here guys
but I guess there's only one way to find
out let's get this open and let's go
marshmallows Tesco strawberry laces pimp
too busy rip roll Jesus man we've got
tons of like mini tic tacs the oil
figure in there and then we've also got
some football cards and then over here
says it's morgues and then they say this
is from Jodie again I like the bloopers
vlog you did and the London blog who is
your favorite football player actually
Fernando force Thierry who obviously
plays on my team Jeff your Wednesday
yeah it's my favourite footballer thanks
for sending all them sweet smile the
backache is started again guys we've got
another one here so this is the Mannion
eyes fun buddies gave me an Oliver's you
football card always a blue plastic fat
now I'm joking I'm joking to be fair the
our football card you can't really pick
who you get I'm not gonna pronouncing
names but I'm pretty sure you pronounce
that Janine thank you so much for that
that's awesome there's definitely
something hard in here it feels like it
could be like a book or something look
at that guy's it's a commentary match
program and I'm not sure if the guys
sent this meant to do this or not but
the player who's on the front of this
program is really Johnson and that's a
Wednesday play or an X Wednesday player
or Wednesday fan I should say and it
comes to some of the games so if you
meant to do that
thumbs up if you didn't and that's a
weird coincidence but this is a
complicity versus self and United
program yeah coming to the end of the
male vid
now guys we've literally done so much
I'm not gonna be able to finish all of
these but we can definitely do a few
more just before we finish but
definitely gonna do this big one here
this is massive and it feels like
definitely could be drawn in here or
maybe bit of artwork let's see well I
mean let's see if I can actually get
into it this is really well packaged and
I'm struggling guys I'm struggling there
we go we're in look at that guys that is
absolutely awesome - pretty awesome
joins there that one and this one is
more of a noble look at that that's
awesome
who is this from I see the name on the
camera this is from Australia yeah
that's awesome and then this is from
from Hudson this is from Hudson Hudson's
my last name Morgan Hudson this is
remote-sensing us awesome on the knife
guys it was in the middle of all that
mail but anyway there's another one
another one which is like a big one
probably gonna be some kind of drawing
in here I mean I'm guessing it could not
be no tell you what it's hard to open
these about ripping what's inside anyway
inside it's like a burger you probably
can't see it but it I don't know it's
just a very good not real burger
obviously it's like I think maybe a
robbery or something but yeah that's
quite cool god no inside here or maybe a
drawing logs thank you so much for
making my day really good after school
you are an amazing YouTube and I can't
believe you're nearly five hundred
thousand subs I love your feedback
openings and foot routes on Louis PS
please read in pol box opening there you
go me thank you so much Louis that means
a lot and you're definitely gonna be
seeing a lot more FIFA videos as soon as
peeve 17 comes out which is about a
month from now so we're getting close
Maud's he plays fifa 16 he has a deep
voice he's cool he is funny her story
and lo and darsky football fingers
pretty cool mini Oreos look at that
guy's it's moulds that is awesome guys
now what we're gonna do is move on to
the final thing in this video as you can
see we've cleared out a lot guys we've
really spent a lot of time on this this
one we'll do this one right here guys
it's quite hard this one though yeah
Alice let's see what's inside here oh
this guy's got a massive little collage
of all of all some of my thumbnails and
my cartullo goes deep morgues I've been
subdue since 2000 subs you inspired me
to start my youtube channel which I've
currently just a hundred subs
congratulations I love your Pokemon go
series so please don't stop it your
channel blew up so fast
even though it's late and you'll
probably have another 100k by the time
you read this
Congrats on 300k nice as soon as he said
Oh probably vanilla UK by Tommy Breene
this congrats on 300k we literally have
forward you careful a few hours ago I
sucked a mad coincidence anyway and it
also says happy birthday Morgan there we
go happy birthday thanks a lot my magic
really awesome he's definitely gonna be
happy to know I'm gonna be uploading
some pokemon game blogs when I'm on
holiday just coming up on Friday anyway
this is from Styx thank you so much and
we are done guys I tell you what that
has been a long people SEPA sowed my bat
is bloody killing me
but guys if you have enjoyed them please
leave a like on the video and also thank
you guys so much for such an awesome
year will like birthday year August
orgas it's been really really awesome
it's going to be 515 and about a law for
an opening all your mail which you sent
me the pure box address is on the screen
again right now it's going to send me
anything for the next peer box opening
thank you all so much for supporting me
if this is the first video you've ever
seen of me then please hit that
subscribe button down below and as
always I've been morgues you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in the next
video peace
Oh God Oh
