if this is the first video you've ever
seen of me then remember to hit that
like button and also subscribe for new
content every single day but let's get
right into this video yo guys it's morgs
and today we have another video on today
we are doing another British trying
video and today we're gonna be trying
American soda now ever since I did buy
American candy video you guys been
asking for another one of these and
today we're gonna be doing it with
American stuff once again but today
we're gonna be doing it with soda if you
guys want to see more of these British
trying videos that remember to leave a
like on the video 10,000 will be awesome
and also tell me in the comment section
what you want me to try but in this
fairly massive box we have 10 different
cans of soda we're gonna be trying these
one by one I'm gonna pour them into a
glass that I can actually see the color
of them and what I'm also gonna do is
give them a rating out of 10 as we go
along so I got all my soda from American
soda Cola UK and this is a website which
sells American candy American food
American soda basically if you want to
get American stuff this is the place to
go and also why I actually did was I
reached out to this company and asked if
they could supply me with a 10 percent
discount code for all you guys I believe
or not they actually gave me a 10
percent discount code for all of you
guys and that discount code is morgs
tenth now if you want to get any soda or
candy or food then remember to go to
this website and use the code mark stand
at checkout and you'll save yourself a
little bit of money anyway I think it's
time that we start with the first car
and it's going to be while cherry Pepsi
I believe this is gonna be quite similar
to cherry coke but still we're gonna
give this a go just saw all of these
drinks are full calories I'm only gonna
have like 1/3 of the drink ok here we go
let's get started with the first one and
just wrap this open as I said I mean I
assume you guys all know the color of
coke it's just brown this is Pepsi wild
cherry it just tastes like cherry coke
no then people that can taste the
difference between Coke and Pepsi and I
personally can bought that really just
tastes like cuckoo cuckoo cherry I do
like Jerry though and I do like that I
definitely get 7 out of 10 it's really
nice it's just kind of similar to I've
had before
there we go would start so the second
one here is under apple now this is
something I've never had before there's
gonna be a lot of fun too in this video
admittedly boys gonna be flavors which
you can't get in England or very rare in
English I'm to Apple it actually smells
like Apple this is mud word just to say
I'm not the biggest fan of Apple it's
actually like a yellow color you know
what it looks like it looks like Pierce
I'm on go hi
no illnesses not that bad I mean I'm not
massive fan of Apple but that's that's
pretty good guys it's fairly standard to
be honest just kind of why I expected up
warm up fizzy there's nice I'd say
that's about with five point five out of
ten just because I'm not the biggest fan
of apples bought it's really nice if you
like apples and you're definitely like
that third thing here is something which
I used to drink a lot it's kind of
associated with gamers and that's the
main reason why you should drink a lot
just basically because I never come out
my room and probably guess what it's
gonna be
Mountain Dew or Mountain Gill boogie I'm
sorry I remember that video that's a
classic anyway I can kind of remember
the flavor of it but not very well
because obviously was a few years ago
when I had this but Mountain Dew I do I
don't know just I'm not the best with
pronouncing names of anything but yeah I
think I members being green or at least
the Oh ball being green it may not even
be green again like piss Cola but like
not really dark like light piss anyway
Mountain Dew the game of you ho where's
Charlie
I mean I remember this I remember this I
used to drink this a lot and I've never
really been the biggest fan of Mountain
Dew video let's just turn into some more
super cool food reviews even though it's
this liquid yeah it's not too bad I
don't think it's as good as a fun
truffle though so I'm gonna he was about
five out of ten time for another fun -
guys this is Fanta exotic I think by
exotic it means I orange melon
pomegranate maybe I'm not I don't know
man I'm not good with fruits anyway it
smells really fresh and like fruity so I
I mean I assume that's what's gonna be
like it's actually pink anyway let's see
how this tastes
oh not sure about that actually
I'm not too sure for like that I mean
obviously it's nice but like when
comparing it to their coat cherry and
stuff it just doesn't really tickle my
fancy to be honest I'm not really not
very happy with that if we gave mine do
a five then I can't give a hiding like a
3.5 so 3.5 or fine too exotic
surprisingly anyway fine shakes off
taking not my favorite my fairies
coca-cola vanilla something that's very
very common in the UK
never had it before I used to call
vanilla Valena but valina I literally
used to call evil enough anyway this is
my first time trying coke vanilla
I assume it's just gonna smell like
vanilla ice cream oh it's weird that's
like busy vanilla oh my god oh no don't
time I found another fizzy drink that I
like I don't know why I never gave that
a go that is so nice that just tastes
like normal coke gorgeous coat with just
a slight vanilla like into it it's
really really nice actually I just don't
think it's as nice as the cherry those
obviously I gave that seven I can't give
this anything more than a seven but I
think this deserves a six-point bag guys
that's really nice in some ways I'm glad
I've tried that because now I know
there's another drink I like but is it
really the best thing for me to be
finding more fizzy drink so I what
question have you guys ever been to five
guys the food plays five guys well you
know they've got the drinks machine and
you can pick a drink and then customize
it with a flavor
I got a Fanta Zero great and it was
honestly one the nicest drinks I've ever
had what we have right here is just a
Fanta grape so this is the great fun sir
but without the zero and I believe it's
just purple oh my god it's actually
purple guys look at the camera may not
pick it up very well but it is kind of
purple oh my god I'm gonna get addicted
to this stuff that is the nicest thing
I've ever had nicely nicely on the bread
I absolutely love grape juice grapes
anything great I love and that is
literally the nicest great thing I've
ever had I guess a keg is so good that
what the hell is this big red I don't
know what it is I'm walking on the can
I'm kind of concerned I don't know I
mean I'm gonna try it
I do not clue what this stuff is I could
google it I really just can't be
bothered I'm just gonna try it tell me
that isn't the brightest red you've I
ever seen a drink babe gonna cross my
fingers and hope this isn't something
bad
what is that I'm going to Google this
I'm definitely over the red red cream
soda okay I think that is about a six
just because I don't love it but I don't
really dislike it so it's kind of in the
middle but I'd say it's more on the
positive side than the negative side so
now we have the eighth can and this is a
Fanta berry that can is blue this is
like strawberry raspberry blueberry I'm
expecting big dings again guys I like
berries so I don't see why I wouldn't
like this smells like blueberry and it's
blue the drink is blue so this I assume
this is just gonna be blueberry let's
try it
ah very sickly it's it tastes a little
bit you rich I guess for me get really
into detail with like specific things
but this just tastes a little bit a
little bit too much I guess however that
may just be because I've had eight cans
or like a bit of eight cans so I could
just be feeling a little bit off anyways
I guess about a four point five guys
now the next can is this big one right
here it is I can't read it so I can't
read it
half and half iced tea lemonade I'm just
gonna drink this one from the can let's
try this I have no clue what to expect
but it is a half and half iced tea
lemonade
so yeah let's let's try this just not
not looking good guys it's not too bad
not too bad cloudy lemonade I guess if
you have red cloudy lemonade it's a bit
like that anyway I'm not a big fan of
that type of stuff though that gets
about a about a two point five actually
it sounds really really bad I'll
probably just pissed off a lot of people
that like this drink sorry guys believe
it or not everybody has their own
opinion so moving on to the final can
and this is Hawaiian Punch
juicy fruit red or fruit juicy red
anyway Hawaiian Punch I've heard of this
before never had it let's see if there's
any any good I assume it's gonna be red
obviously it's gonna be red more good
it's called Hawaiian Punch red fruit
punch is legit a screw punch illiterate
it tastes like fruit punch guys and
maybe fruit punch you doesn't say punch
anywhere on the card book and probably
sounding like an idiot see right now
leave me alone
I'm British guys so I'm just used to
competent tea please don't judge me
there we go juicy
red it's nice I'm not gonna be harsh I'm
gonna give that a six out of ten I did
that did like that's before well I
believe that is the final con yeah we're
done whoa Gabby do something and then
just think why the bloody Elvis done
that I don't know I just threw that I
really don't but yeah that's it boy if
you have enjoyed them please leave a
like on the video guys as I said ten
thousand would be absolutely insane if
you new to the channel then please hit
that subscribe button why my doing that
please hit the subscribe or Die be
absolutely amazing I really mean a lot
to me bender I'm working really really
hard on my channel the mill I'm working
so hard and you guys seem to be really
appreciated not leaving a lot of support
so we could leave a like obviously show
that support I would really really be
naught to me as I've said about a
million times but yeah really really
we'll also a governor and they feel free
to go into my 15 pounds iTunes slash
Google play hard giveaway the link is in
description below is a Twitter link all
you have to do is follow me and retweet
the tweet that's will actually if could
go into that that'd be also bought that
about it of me so as always I've been
more you guys been awesome and I'll see
you in the next video peace I do left
hand I usually do right on peace out
