so my apparel giveaway over on Twitter
has now ended
I bought the winner is t-shirts and that
means there's currently no giveaways
running on the channel and I don't know
if you've noticed on up I like to have a
giveaway running it at all time so I'll
tell you what I'm gonna do I'm gonna do
another giveaway guys just at the start
this video so what I'm gonna give away
is either a 15 pound iTunes voucher or
15 pound Google Play vouchers to the
winner I'll just ask him if the Google
Play or Apple before actually buy it and
yeah with that you can basically do
everyone you could buy polka coins or
just spend on music or films or every
stuck to you guys by the way I'm gonna
do this is just through Twitter guys
there'll be a tweet linked in the
description below and basically all that
tweet will be asking you to do is follow
me and also retweet the tweet and you'll
be entered into the giveaway really
really simple I know but I just want to
do a giveaway for you guys because I
really enjoy giving back to all yo guys
it's morgg's and today we have another
video on to be honest it's been ages
since I've said yo guys it's more I just
noticed when I was looking back in my
videos I haven't actually said my intro
and ages so yeah there you go a few of
you guys were saying in conversation too
so thanks for reminding me anyway today
we have a different type of video today
we have a more chilled video and in this
video I'm really talking about a few
things which will be coming up in the
next few weeks and they are pretty
important things so I would advise you
to watch the full video I want to say
they could leave a like on the video as
always that will be absolutely amazed
I'm doing a giveaway so if you guys want
to see more giveaways I just leave like
on the video guys I would really really
mean a lot to me but anyway let's get
started with this video we're gonna get
started with the first thing we want to
talk to you guys about and that is a
holiday now I'm in the school holidays
I'm in summer holidays but what I'm
actually gonna be doing is leaving you
guys well not not really leaving you
guys leaving the country I'm gonna be
out on holiday to Spain now me and my
dad have got a hotel box over in Spain
and basically next Friday I'm going to
be going on holiday for a week or 7 days
and yeah I'm actually really really
excited I kind of felt like a break and
I kind of felt like get away from it all
my town and everything and go into a
sunny place chillin and also making
videos for you guys and now I'm gonna
get into the second point and the second
thing I want to talk to you guys about
is this now this is my brand new 13-inch
MacBook Pro I bought this thing today
and I've been setting it up for like the
past 3 hours with all my music and all
the software the main reason I bought
this was so that I can make content for
you guys while I'm away on holiday now
you're probably thinking taking a break
on holiday I thought you're gonna be
relaxing but to be honest
can't really imagine myself knob loading
for seven days but anyway my old laptop
was nowhere near powerful enough to
actually run my editing software and be
able to edit video so I went ahead and
bought this thing and this thing will do
the job just fine I on Final Cut Pro so
before all you PC guys attacked me I
like pcs guys I'm a fan of Mac's because
I like the editing software stuff just
please don't attack me guys do we really
have to have this PC Matt argument
everywhere I'm gonna torture more about
my actual holiday now the place I'm
going is a small hotel now it serves I
actually believe it's a five-star guys
I've never ever into a 5-star before in
the hotel was only recently made its
brand new which means it's going to be
clean it's gonna be tired it's gonna be
modern and honestly I can't wait I've
seen some of the photos of the hotel and
it looks really really good
and as our sudden gonna be going there
for seven days Friday the 12th of August
to Friday the 19th of August so
basically I'm gonna be going away
relaxing but I'm also gonna be making
contact you guys and now I'm going to
talk to you guys about the second thing
I want to talk to you guys van nuys the
content I'm going to be producing now
obviously I'm over in a different
country I do know of my setup I know of
any games it of my xbox so it limits the
content I can actually produce for you
guys now I was thinking of pre recording
some videos so I will be doing that but
to be honest there's no chance I'm gonna
be able to pre-record seven videos for
the week it's just not gonna happen my
videos on average I'd say take about
five hours at least to actually creates
there's no chance I'm gonna be able to
make seven but the content I was
actually thinking of producing while I'm
away is different types of vlogs now I
was thinking I could do vlogs and that'd
be fine both spoken and go something I
love doing and if you think about it
Pokemon go is a lot like a vlog
obviously you go out and instead of like
this vlog in your day you go hunting
Pokemon but you're still moving around
you still travel in and it is a bit like
a vlog so while actually thinking of
doing is combining the two doing vlog
and ER Pokemon go videos like combined
and I think that could work really well
leave your opinions guys in the
conversation on what videos you would
like to see and also tell me if you
think that's a good idea to upload
Pokemon go vlog style videos and also I
actually went out and bought a GoPro now
this is another thing I bought for the
holiday to try and make my content the
best it can be while I'm away we have
been setting up everything on my Mac all
night and to be honest it took me ages
guys we've got final Korn there the
Photoshop on there setup or me iTunes
with all my songs got Spotify on there
I've got Skype and all that stuff which
I'll need to just make videos for you
guys
now the third and final thing I want to
talk to you guys about in this video is
my birthday now my birthday is he sick
for Volga so my birthday is the 6th of
August and I started mentioned that I'm
gonna do a special birthday p.o box
opening for my birthday
yeah just Idol day you guys on that I
want to say thank you to guys once again
for the growth on the channel the moment
it's been incredible the highest I'm a
growth I've ever seen on the channel
like this is my best roast forever on
the channel and I really hope you enjoy
the videos and I want to say again thank
you for all the growth for the moment it
really really means a lot to me as I
said if you leave like on the video that
would be amazing 7,500 likes on this
video would be great guys I would really
really mean a lot to me once again thank
you all so much for the support at the
moment and I really really hope you've
enjoyed the video but as always I've
been warned you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in the next video peace Oh
