welcome everyone to another episode of
Pokemon go and I'm starting this one on
my vlogging camera simply because I do
not have much time guys I'm supposed to
be at the train station in ten minutes
guys this is gonna be very very rushed I
thought that I would just update you
guys on something awesome that I managed
to find no other was browsing the
internet for Pokemon ago I found a
website called the pokey go trader.com
and essentially on this website you can
buy lovely little Pokemon go account I
went head and boy level 25 account
because what I want you to do was to get
a second account to use off-camera and
honestly the service this website gave
me was so much better than I expected so
the account was level 25 but why light
was actually got to start my adventure
as if I just made a new account I got to
pick my train agenda I got to name my
trainer I even got to pick my starter
Pokemon but the account was level 25 so
if any of you guys want to start your
Pokemon journey with a boost then I'll
leave the link to the website in the
description below but now I think it's
time we start the video anyway today we
are heading off to sheffield town once
again and you may be thinking sheffield
town Morgan again why the hell'd you
keep going back there and that's because
if you've watched the old episodes
you'll probably know the sheffield town
is a place to people Pokemon because
snow LAX's polygraphs jinxes honestly
sheffield town is lit and just to come
something guys I know Sheffield is a
city but once they Sheffield town and
I'm referring to the town center and
off-camera I have actually caught some
insane Pokemon because of porygon are we
also got a pincer pouring on me the
Pokemon that I have got before pincer
being a brand new Pokemon and today
hopefully we can get some more brand new
perform when we ready to chef your
towels just because we're running low on
time while will actually do is poi
screenshot on my team on the screen
right now this is my team before we
leave then obviously when we get back
I'll show you my team in death but I
cannot wait to get me Shep your town
hope we find some new Pokemon I really
really hope you're excited for today's
episode let's go so we've arrived in
Sheffield town and what's the first
thing by scene ed Jenks guys just like
last episode I found a jinx and this is
a 720 so this is my heist jinx hopefully
we can catch this thing run use a
raspberry and then use an ultra ball
with a curve you know you can't for much
more than that it wasn't the gray or an
excellent but we gotta hit with a curve
one too
you free easy as you like boys there we
go jinx first catch of today there we go
guys 720 CP not too bad I love it when
it rains triggered boys we found at
Pharaoh that rain is coming down really
really strong gonna try and catch this
thing on that like Raven gave a broken
swore on the stream okay we hit it boys
and watch on the screen so like it's
hard to throw it well come on one I
broke a stairway okay we hit we hit we
hit the boys we got decent croquet ball
great ball one to breathe there we go
Bailey go away four five one zero and
not a decent pokemon in this episode 564
goal that boys literally in the same
recording this music moving away from
the music I broke up the game I can't
get this thing closed eyes the app is
literally froze so well so we're not
gonna get the gold mine by the way I
just realized dad's I never actually
showed you my eggs as you see we've got
a 10k egg on five point six out of ten I
should be hatching today a four point
two our five and then we've just got two
fresh 0 r 2 K eggs came to Sheffield
like four times in the past two weeks
and literally every time I call my gonna
call I'm refresher these things are
absolutely amazing fifteen pound iTunes
card I wonder wonder what you gonna buy
with that
tokiko's boys you have 10 seconds to say
something you've always wanted to say
and then Sal Khan second it's not a lot
of time time up in Marks and Spencers
guys looking for a belt because my
charges are very very baggy and I need
about having a great time in the Sun
catch a Pokemon okay guys we have
something to play egg now I believe we
have 2 2 K eggs to hatch in a hatchback
with these first one come on can we get
something good a starter Pokemon or a
Pikachu would be epic we go CP 505
people to from a 2 K egg I'm actually
buzzing with her okay we've got another
one now if we get something even nearly
as good as that Pikachu I'll be
absolutely over the moon
come on what we got let's go bit and we
got medal court for Pikachu oh hi guys
so I've just been looking on pokévision
because obviously the three step glitch
is still a thing so I've been checking
pokévision all throughout today and
guess what I just spawned about five
minutes away and freaking Nidoqueen -
yeah us about five minutes away guys we
are now on the way it's got ten minutes
left till it these pawns Nidoqueen
that's one of the best pokemon in the
game honestly I really really hope we
can catch these things but we need to
get there first so let's go move on
Oh figures so on route to the Nidoqueen
we've got a freaking egg about the hatch
and they're all oh wait hold on
is lagging is biking really badly okay
open in I don't know like this is
because he's a two or five oh the
previous evolution of what we're
hopefully about that
honestly this is the catch of the video
if we get this
this is why no even understanding yet on
his nearby but it's not even on my nerve
I it should be here come on come on
crazy man way when we grieve out I need
like a good idea okay we've got it guys
it's a 6-4-3 nidoqueen actually we're
gonna use a raspberry we need this thing
I'm gonna go for the first time ultra
ball spin we hit at night - bro also
ball curveball raspberry the shibir
always out straight away another
raspberry we go for another asset and we
gonna go for another ultra ball
we need an excellent shot we missed we
miss I miss the multi ball and you can't
be killing up great ball
okay we're here we're doing it in a bit
come on one two we got the freaking
Nidoqueen there we go guys brand-new
goes to one nidoqueen to get this thing
from a Nidoran
you need like hundred funding so that
either must've cracked voice six four
three CP not the highest voice a new
Pokemon I'm over the moon guys I'm
supposing we compile this thing got to
COS of 41 candy for guys i love the moon
we did it we're gonna need a quick also
shout out to Baylor because hidden in a
cream ran away
Oh most have to Taco Bell
one downside to that entire experience
is my hair guys I'm absolutely drenched
putting my foot down with a bad idea so
we've just finished our food in taco
bell's and to be honest guys it was
really really nice and the first time in
Saco Bella didn't recall much because I
was obviously just enjoying my food but
yeah had a burrito it was really good
class are really annoying and yeah I'm
probably gonna go again but by - Pokemon
I believe I have an egg ready to hatch
and I believe it's a 5k egg right so the
egg hatched when we were in Taco Bell so
it's the car so I'm gonna have to go
into riesen and show you guys the most
recent Pokemon which obviously was from
the air recent ticket Pidgey that was
that wasn't even work for cause and I'm
gonna check my eggs now see how long we
got to wait seven point eight out of ten
on my tank a egg that's definitely gonna
hatch in this video anyway guys one more
thing to update I've just bought some
pokévision and another new Pokemon is
nearby about five minutes away
there is a cipher guys I ran I fallen
sprinted I got to the place where it
said it was and it wouldn't appear and
if this bond is gonna check my phone
again guys but I'm pretty sure it's gone
yeah literally this was the place where
we was showing it on the map I got here
I ran down and back up and it would not
fall if Richard weren't formed so
basically we've just been cheated out of
a cipher I hate this game and sometimes
so basically now we're on the way to the
train station and we're gonna be
catching a train to a new location to
try and find some new Pokemon we're
gonna be going to Meadowhall
is it going yeah it's going going
yeah all right so we found a 332 Eevee
nice and easy boys you can try catches
with a great wall he drilled a third
okay we put it no
no excellent just a normal hip curveball
want to pro car guys broke when I hit it
again with another great ball pitcher
boys again no great Oh excellent
one two three easy as you like boys 332
even cut me Kelly do we have actual let
me check we've got 28 candy we're going
to do an evolution right now so that
either the core actually wasn't our
highest one with other 545 even which is
the one which will evolved just going to
quickly transfer the one we just caught
so get more candy and now we go on the
five four five V's we've got 29 can be
so Rene's wipeout little soda Stevie is
now a 574 and I was using le a side
which predicts the CP after evolving and
Vaporeon is the highest evolution it
gets the highest their conversion rate
we've got to name it Rayner so they will
go into the vapor and so that's all
gonna do right now
all right come on babe or eon Vaporeon
will we get it there we go boys we got a
Vaporeon
CC we need to watch the cps come on I'm
hoping for 1512 I may go 1053 boys let's
go on to combat power see where this
thing rang so it is now our third best
pokemon better than the old Vaporeon so
we may have to get rid of that one all
probably just keepers a second over
anyway guys a new third best pokemon
this video has been insane so the mood
set now we've got a 10 for water gone
under 60 high dribble so again we've got
a pretty awesome Musa we're walking down
to the train station guys and we're
gonna get trained to Meadowhall
is that an Amish knowledge 670 CP gonna
try and catch things to grow nights for
Nitro guy that should be a joke up
straight away girls will stay away
you're gonna stick with a grace ball
curves we've got nice again got nice a
gently that's a matelassé bro come on 1
2 3
there we go 671 sir in the bag boy it's
not too bad so we've just arrived in
meadow hall and I think what we're gonna
do now is go see a film so not much time
to catch pokemon but we're gonna go sit
film hopefully after that on the way but
for now we're just going to go give a
cinema to view and see the film oh
you're excited Larry okay boys it's time
for the 10k egg we could get something
massive and this could be neavy pretty
bad but it could be Aerodactyl
Snorlax it could be a lot for us even
though my body got smaller my oppressor
we don't want those to port I'm hoping
for a pterodactyl that's the one I'm
going to say nobody touch him come on
literally said boy oh no that's what we
do we go ahead and get an air about the
water seeping 1199 barely outraged what
to be fair brand you everyone I
literally set up one today and we got it
boys days absolutely awesome
in the middle of marijuana guys we've
got another egg hatch I think this is a
5k egg we're gonna see what this is oh
my god it was a freaking 2k egg and
grranimals sparrow hope we got another
one
can we get Charmander squirtle Pikachu
all for the song
we've gotta say now we actually are
heading off to the film so I'm gonna
have to stop playing poker now for a
little while
I'm just so hot we got their adapter
Garden dog little high so we've just
finished watching the film and we're
just in Medawar now with an all about
some shots I can't get onto the app so I
can't really look at it very often but
if we get on and find some food
I'll keep gold dated so we'll even made
a hole now as you can see there's
basically no one here obviously some
people there but it's quite dead all the
shots have no shot I couldn't go into
Pokemon go guys like it was saying GPS
not found so I couldn't I take it on and
play the game but I was looking to
pokévision it all that there was no good
Pokemon anyway so I didn't really miss
out on much anyway now we're getting a
train room and hopefully we get some
purple on the chain but again is quite
likely on the train now guys going to
use the connections Pokemon go bad news
the only thing this narrows is right at
us
any comment alright man it's true
we got date guys that wasn't a train
which led from metal wall to our power
so what works had to do was get ready
for Meadowhall to Sheffield Station
which is where we are now and then we're
going to get train from here to our town
in about 20 minutes till then we're free
to do everyone and throw obviously come
on ten minutes into the twenty and the
only things we found is a knitter and a
Zuba not looking good boys it's not
looking good trains there guys we've got
absolutely nothing why we're set on the
train guys I saw a neutral gym and I
snuck in hot press and it's now a blue
gym so that's awesome
look at
so we've arrived back in our town now
and basically I'm on my way up home and
then when we're home we'll take a look
at all of the Pokemon we're caught today
huge database buzzer for joining me
today
how's it been man been a pleasure I send
the payment over late yeah having the
day with me okay anyway I'm gonna go
home now guys and yeah we'll take a look
at everything we have caught from today
hello guys and as you can tell we are
now back home it's been an absolutely
awesome day out today and let me talk
you through why actually go up to so as
you guys saw early on in the morning I
was in a bit of a rush and we moved to
the train station I'm called to train
into sheffield city centre there we went
in a few shops and also got some food we
went in Taco Bell we've got a drink from
Starbucks and also in the meantime
looking for Pokemon and updating the
video because means same Pokemon English
video but I'll get to that in just a
second then what we did is actually
caught a train into Meadowhall and when
we were there we didn't actually have
much time to come pokemon girl since I
could not get connection to the servers
but while we were there we did go ahead
and see a film and then pretty much we
got a train back home and here we are
right now it's been a really really good
day catching pokémon chillin with one of
my friends and also meet a lot of you
guys I got a lot of photos with you guys
today so that was really really awesome
but anyway what about you do now is show
you my team and show you all the Pokemon
we got today then after that I'm gonna
be talking about an awesome topic and
that topic is as you can tell by the
title
legendaries sort of is talking about how
I think they will be available to catch
and how I think Pokemon could put them
into the game but we'll get to that in
just a second because right now I'm
going to show you guys my team and all
the Pokemon we have caught today let's
do this so you guys can see my phone
screen right now and I'm gonna talk you
through everything we've got today the
first thing I'm gonna do is change my
pokemon from CP to recent and I'm
basically just gonna talk you through
everything we got today from the star
then I'm gonna get into evolution so the
first thing we got in this video was a
720 jinx as you guys saw right at the
start jinx is one of my favorite Pokemon
so it's really really cool to go and
look at one of these with high CP than
the one I already have then we went
ahead and actually managed to get
herself a 451 Faro and then we hatched a
freakin 505 Pikachu boys and a step
closer to that ride you but honestly
whenever you get a peek - it's such an
awesome feeling and then we managed to
catch our first new Pokemon of the day
and it happened to be Nidoqueen which is
an absolute
insane Pokemon obviously this is the
free step evolution and to guessing the
second evolution to this nidoqueen it's
100 candy so whenever you catch a bird
evolution it's pretty much the CP was
643 stand as high as it possibly could
have been but still I'll take 644 it's
not it's not too much and then we got
ourself a 462 coughing we managed to get
600 I'm 70 Haunter by the way guys we
have 95 ghastly candy out of 100 so in
the next episode we will almost
definitely be singers reach 100 candy
now we'll be faced with that difficult
decision of do we evolve into a gengar
or power play ghastly into a horns and
work on an absolutely beast one day we
went ahead and hatched a 10k egg and got
ourselves arrow freaking dactyl now this
is one of the most insane hatches I
think I've ever had obviously Snorlax be
number one mainly just because as I was
hatching the egg I said the Pokemon I
wanted was Aerodactyl
and bang there we go we got ourselves
Aerodactyl 1200 CP again it's not to you
but it could have been higher but then
again it could have been lowest so I'm
quite happy with 1.2 and then all we
really caught after that wasn't me alpha
well that's not really worth noticing
now I'm gonna do is get into evolutions
for this video because there's a lot
more Pokemon we also evolved in this
video that I haven't covered yet number
one being this brand new baby boy and
which happened to be 1553 CP honestly I
love a poor elves on this game there's
so good in gym battles and it's always
awesome getting a new vapeur and higher
than the last one because the last one
was only 1457
actually I think it's just the one
evolution in this video worth notice and
it was probably a few of the evolutions
but that was the main one gets in that
Vaporeon as you can see guys the team is
looking solid we are also so close to
level 20 to adjust so I point out eyes
can see we are under 10,000 XP away from
getting to level 22 which I'm so hyped
about I've been stuck a level 21 for
about a week now guys leveling off is so
so hard once you get past level 20 but
that just about sums of everything we
caught in this video now what I'm going
to do is have a little bit of a talk
with you guys about legendary Pokemon
obviously as you guys know the legendary
Pokemon are not in the game yet so the
legendaries that are registered to this
game are mew mew to zapdos Moltres
Articuno
and then you've got ditto which is also
not in the game but I'm not gonna
classed as a legendary for this video I
don't actually think it is a legendary
it's just another Pokemon chain in the
game yet
as I said when I say Legendary's I'm
talking about mew mew to Zapdos Moltres
and officer Kuno the five legendary
now I'm gonna be talking to you about
the possible ways that they could
include them into the game make them
available into the game and also how you
can catch these legendaries once they're
available this is gonna be more of an
opinion thing but I'm gonna try and be
as logical as I can and think about what
they will actually be prepared to do I'm
not gonna say like I hope they make the
legendaries all come to your house or
something because obviously that's not
gonna happen but if you guys watch the
Pokemon go trailer you saw some of the
legendary specifically Mewtwo and like a
big crowd of people now this could mean
that the legendaries will be released in
events maybe I'll be announced at the
legendre's will be available to release
in a certain place and then the people
go to that place to get the legendary
that's a possible thing that could
happen personally do I think that'd be a
good way to put the legend shows into
the game not necessarily because let's
say somewhere in America kind of just
excluding anybody that doesn't live near
that event or isn't prepared to travel
because let's say Mewtwo gets released
in the USA I'm not just gonna be able to
fly over there and get to am i but to be
fair that is looking reasonably likely
that they will hold events to introduce
the legendary but I actually think the
best way to introduce these legendary
into the game is by leveling off I think
possibly something like level 25 they
could introduce the freebird mulches
Articuno and Zapdos whichever team you
chose you've got the legendary Sooners
here at level 25
obviously I'm a mystic so I gotta kuno
then let's say once you go to level 30
you got Mew introduced to the game and
then level 35 you got mu to introduce so
it give the game another reason to be
played obviously level enough so you can
level up to those Legendary's I think
that add extra hype into the game and I
think it'd be a good way to introduce
the legendaries now we're going to talk
about catching the legendaries and oh my
god one see Legendary's are introduced
just imagine how hard they're gonna be
to catch like if they're introduced into
the game with high cps they could be
really really hard to cut think about
the hardest Pokemon you've ever tried to
catch and think about how many times
it's broke out and broke free that's a
program which wasn't even a legendary
imagine that but with a legendary
Pokemon you could be stuck there for
like 10 minutes throwing ball off the
ball off the ball and this thing could
keep breaking out breaking out breaking
out I assume quite a lot of you guys
played the original Pokemon game think
about how hard it was to catch the
legend and especially if you went in
with early pokeballs or great balls so
if they keep the same difficulty level
cashing them from the games to Pokemon
go then we could be in with a
really really hard experience when
trying to catch the legendaries but that
is just my opinion on the legendaries i
really really hope they have a plan of
how they're going to introduce them into
the game and i really really hope it's a
good plan
preferably not by holding events in
different countries but that's just me
some of you guys may think that's a good
idea
but anyway guys that is about it for
this pokemon getto episode if you have
enjoyed them please much like on the
video that'll mean the world to me guys
that would honestly mean so much to me
that it'd only take you guys a second
and also if you are new to the channel
then feel free to subscribe for daily
content as you guys have probably
noticed I'm uploading daily at the
moment I really hope you appreciate that
by the way it's taking me so much hard
work guys you do not understand
obviously I'm a youtuber that could go
like 4 days without loading so when you
switch from that to daily uploads it's
really really hard I really hope you
enjoyed the Pokemon girl videos I really
hope you enjoy my videos lightly and
honestly you guys mean the world to me
and I'm so happy to have you guys both
that's right for this video as always
I've been mold you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in the next video peace
