hello guys and welcome back to another
video on my channel and today we have
something very very different to usual
today I actually have a collaboration
video with exa Tina now today what we
will be doing is trying out a fee for
17-game most similar to pairs what we
will do is we will spin it three times
get free players and then we have three
minutes to build a draft around those
players and then whoever gets the
highest rated draft wins it may not make
too much sense now but if you watch the
video you'll catch on to eventually
anyway as you guys know clubs are a new
thing for me so if you want to see more
collaborations on my channel and
remember to so much like on this video
10,000 would be absolutely epic and also
remember to check out Alfie all his
links are in the description also I
really really hope you enjoyed this
daily Street that I'm on it's been going
for ages guys and to say that you should
look like once every three days now
they're uploading daily you know I think
that deserves life anyway guys now we're
going to do we start the video yoga
Alfie and hopefully I can destroy him on
this game-mode I really really hope you
enjoy so now we are with Alfie you will
be spitting first you got anything to
say to the people on my tongue off me
sorry I didn't hear you because award
the cheering just everyone making me go
first
yeah man just get them spins done first
I want to see what you get before has
been mines then I know if mine are
better or worse that's a lot of pressure
right obviously means you could start
come on don't be cruel to us all oh one
it's just BBVA players he's gonna stop
it now and three gets a c7 Cavani
eighty-seven got 40 but it's the last
thing I want on the flipping planet it's
a left wing where we want my ronaldo and
it's legal one how they make it seem a
lamb step so you went with left wing
arguably one of the best positions to
get good players and draft and you've
got 87 Cavani yes yes I mean a mistake
why are you having it in my face
haha loving this what stop come on
second one we started with kobani which
is good it can't get worse than that in
which we can't stop it now we got 99
messy it does not get better than that
99 yes
well well sorry to button born to the
Rinella fans out there 99 Renaldo is
better than that welcome world war free
in the comment section right final one
realistically we just want another BVA
power and get rid of that Cavani wait
about now and it's landed on a 92 Pogba
like you think I'll be more excited but
it's gonna be so hard finding in the
team so I decided that was a good
decision after I've built my team to be
fair Padma obviously an insane player
for the rating but chemistry is gonna be
hard man I've got three beams of leaves
and free defamations it doesn't get
harder than that
oh so now it's my turn to spin and see
what we get hopefully is better than
Alfie's obviously he got three different
nations three different leagues honestly
I don't think we can get any worse than
that anyway first spin guys let's do
this
I felt my spin I just mister drowsy and
Pokemon alright guys first spin of the
video come on come on we need something
good for Ferb Lee BBVA or in fact a
legend anything like that we're good oh
no way we could best George best Pokemon
Pharaoh man we got 90 George best guys
you can't get much better now he's a
legend he links with everybody that's a
brilliant play obviously legends is why
he wanted food drafts that means we'll
get chemistry with everyone I am over
the moon bad boys and the 90 best food
embossing Bert's the spirit broke out I
don't care about your spirit man never -
why man huh I give up I don't want to
spear anything okay second spin now guys
anything to top that 9g best would be
absolutely insane
preferably PvP I play someone getting to
a little bit of a BBVA team book 92
Gignac 22 Oh 82 82 and his French - who
the hell does he link with obviously
except for best we can't fit him into a
PvP eight doesn't he pain basically to
be honest man I don't know even know
what league is and it shows my body
knowledge of football anyway he's French
which means there's gonna get basically
no links with anyone so he should be on
the bench or even the reserves just
summing up this is a terrible player
guys okay third spin I don't think we
can possibly get anything worse than
that 8tq Gignac so that's already a
positive you obviously hope so but
anyway guys come on final spin nice
with your name or thanks for literally
exploded my ears ninety seventy million
mm I'm sorry but I'm hype of that we've
got BBVA players so we can hopefully
Blanche his team off into a BBVA team
with obviously lied to best in there
kicking out will be going to straight to
the reserves where it belongs but I am
happy with that guys 97 and a ninety and
then the 82 but we're not becoming
trouble here I think you are too much
I'm gonna show you any sympathy I think
that I'm gonna beat you I'm confident I
agree either okay so to determine who
goes first on building their draft I'm
going to ask Alfie who he picked as his
starter Pokemon on Pokemon go and if his
starter type beats my starter type eg
fire beats grass and he will go first
but it's my starter type B's his starter
type then I will go first you guys all
know my starter but Alfie doesn't and I
don't know his either so this should be
quite interesting
so Alfie are you ready for the big
question who did you pick as your
starter how it's gonna fill me up it
over so you people bus all like this I
won't we squirrel you go first
yeah my I had to go with squirt so I had
to go with squirt so but you big forward
so I thought I had you I thought I had
you everybody goes Charmander everybody
to be fair I think you've made a good
choice there because the only start
focal I currently don't have is
Bulbasaur so bad plated okay so I've got
my phone up and I've got a time on the
screen and alfea's go down for three
minutes to build his draft and then when
the three minutes is up he could no
longer pick any players so Alfie your
time starts right about now the free
minutes have started right cuz I got
Pokemon gonna go straight to centre-back
bars Agni right I give me a strong link
to pogba exactly yeah I'm going to try
breakfast area to think on 95 golden she
no no but the thing is he wasn't fit at
all Oh guys bad that see do you go with
BBVA or do you stick with him I am
changing it would oh my god and we got
nineteen fourteen mid-year silver and
she'll never right don't I go bring
art and you know what to do look I've
got beautiful links at once into back
and what never sneaks up whatever
silver doesn't wipe I want the silver in
there because novice protect brief on
just in case I'll be I don't mean to
alarm you but you've only got two
minutes left I need to hurry up I've got
so many leaks what am I actually meant
to do
oh my god we got 95 of growth points
another league another league 90
benchmarks anymore
papa - the sounds I could be a really
good team 90 it's 91 races so far as the
chemistry's all over the place I need
have you got 92 Bay although yes oh we
got some Suarez who does actually Suarez
- no no not as far as you think the left
left moon star is a good old truth this
last chance giving up Mashtots giving a
dog I've been screwed man I've had she
been screwed well you got what you got
do you know I need a killer you I've got
52 seconds left me you've got plenty of
time
I need Farina if I can get brain no last
chance to get Vereen to sort the cam
screwed screwed right so my team's
finished but I just need to sort it out
I put bail since if I can I get more
chemistry steak in there how'd if you
get more listen at 96 Kim it's 99
minutes you know I'm rated I need to on
my bench Oh Stan that could be a 190 or
at least a 189 man and the time is up
but you know it doesn't really matter
oh do you want to shut up please Rudy
interrupting me so I just need one more
chemistry which I'm probably gonna get
from the manager but just let me sort my
bench buster I don't even know how for
some reason it's not - one night I don't
use good news that's my idea
I can't get it above to 190 so we're
just gonna go straight to the manager
ranking gets me my 100 Kim hundred chem
o89 rated it's actually a hybrid so I'm
quite proud of myself I think you've
just pushed my dreams man I do not see
myself being that you know what I don't
know anyone it's like I've done wonders
to save it but I just I don't like to
see you beating it so Alfie's just got
himself a one eight nine no it's time to
see if I can beat that so Alfie get the
time
oh sorry I was literally still looking
at Pokemon go team
happy now is not the time to everyone go
we're supposed to collab free minutes
huh meet you ready I am ready boys ready
as I've ever been free all actually you
could have Spanish no I'm not good at
swimming you need to build a BVA team so
about how about you know dos tres
okay don't mind I'm fine with that wait
that's the wrong way around tres dos uno
go okay go go go I'm gonna start with
sentiment let's start with sentiment in
it no it's like in flag it again it
doesn't always fine it's fine it's fine
I'm gone oh there's something with you
same choice but they've ever Steven got
90 in the air so we're gonna have to go
straight away we've got 90 Nestor and he
gets a good look my name I try to do
even leave my name offensive formation
anyway we've got 91 Cruz 91 pink crude
guys no wait no no waste is why are you
getting every good b-movie a player
we've got 97 82 90 91 90 in 89 oh my god
I'm the rut moss we've just got Sergio
Ramos no way way this team this team
under 80 6p cane and 86 PK I do not
believe this look no we think Ivy's be a
keeper Bonnie got 25 seconds left
no no I haven't you off your cholan a
cure - all scream you trolling me
controlling means I know I know no no no
you you be serious now I'm turning
you've only got one minute 45 left one
minute boy five okay by the way as I was
trying hard and then I - again 88 golden
and an 88 Bruno 90 pyre
oh right mid right mood right me 93 more
is or eight seven male or into seven
because we've got George best you will
link so I'm gonna go with Marez this
team is full of high rated players but
we haven't got a Messi or Ronaldo yet
which you know it's bad we've got BBVA
goalkeeper but that's gonna help us a
lot Permian we've got 90 agent Avery
chemistry but we need to hurry up we
need Messi or Ronaldo or we're not gonna
I don't think I'm gonna get them please
yet goats
we got 92 bailed 92 bailed next best
thing really Silver's man I'm getting
silver Saul we've got to your position
rapid Silver's
no no Tiago or David two more positions
I hope come on
without all messy we've got 79 rated
player okay last play guys brace
yourself can't we get something good to
finish it off 87 rated PG but he doesn't
link but it's aid sever a player for the
bench there we go my team is done
obviously I've got to organize it but we
have got one of the most bizarre teams
I've ever seen it's full of high rated
players books and on the camera side of
things we rate two free so we do need to
change his chemistry around I hate to be
rude it's not me interrupting votes yeah
your time is done brilliant man thanks
for letting me know
oh god oh god oh god oh god it's not
moving the rating is not moving a take
out in but 486 PK it still hasn't moved
no way you must be under a lot of
pressure right now punters read you this
team 76 87 88 89 85 88 1993 1992 and 97
and apparently this is a 189 honestly I
don't think I don't think I can do it
man thankfully what's it supposed to
fire drop I'll take it so unfortunately
guys we are finished on a 189 not really
unfortunately I mean it's a good rating
but that means that me and Alfie
actually drew that is hatch what are the
odds what are the odds
how can you draw on a foot raft
challenge but I thought we don't know
mine anyway to figure out who actually
won this entire thing me and Alfie have
done a video over on his channel and the
link will be in the description go ahead
and watch our video because the winner
of that video will obviously win the
entire thing since we drew on this
channel to be fair though I do not know
Halloween Alfre managed to draw that
just look at that team if I can just
read you this out real wait look at my
team personally I think my team's better
than yours like it's kind of a I've
ridden how I've even saved it mine's
better I would not say yours are down
it's a pretty controversial thing to say
I can only apologize for my
controversial comment so guys the end of
the video guys thank you all so much for
watching and thank you to Alfea for
joining me
I you make me feel so specialist
sometimes like having a girlfriend
except she's a boy that sound it's
actually quite gay and I'm not gay so
don't worry I don't usually make him
feel this special I'm just doing it for
the camera Oh
Bitteroot well my mom always tells me to
be honest so I may as well be like in my
videos wow you went from a really nice
comment to just crushing my heart sorry
man but it's the truth and the truth
sometimes hurts well guys thank you all
so much for watching as I said check out
the video meetup we did on his channel
and if could smash 10,000 likes on this
video as I said that would be absolutely
epic but as always I've been molds Alfie
husband Alfie you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in the next video peace I
want to be monk so want to be John Cena
okay okay you who do you want to be then
John Cena because you can't see me but
as always I've been morgues obviously
been John Cena you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in the next video peace
