series guys Oh what are you doing hello
guys I'm welcome back to another video
with my pug Bruno you can see him down
there just the hair chillin but today we
have a Q&A with him and you may be
thinking how the hell do you plan to do
a Q&A with a dog so I tweeted out with
thee what the hell are you doing this is
gonna be a hard video to record what are
you doing what are you doing so I
tweeted out with the hashtag mauled and
Bruno and asked you guys to send me
questions for this video about him or
about me I asked for challenge and stuff
like that just like a usual Q&A I'm
gonna be doing it with Bruno hopefully
y'all learn a little bit more about
Bruno which you didn't know before
that's if people actually ask good
questions and not the usual will this be
in the video no it won't all right it
won't if you send that not would include
it okay okay
also guys if we could smash 10,000 likes
on this video with Bruno and then that
will be insane guys it take you guys a
second to like the video but it would
honestly mean so much to me oh thank you
something who knows a guard dog trust me
guys being as a professional guard dogs
he barks at people when they trying to
attack the house so the first question
comes from fly ops and he asks who is
your favorite footballer so obviously
i'm just gonna have to answer this one I
don't think Bruno really has four hun
but yeah my favourite football would
have to be Fernando boys Dario obviously
plays Sheffield Wednesday my team also
watched him for a year and he is such a
brilliant player as the ball is worked
inside towards new you find super first
time touch out why towards forest
Thierry slams it from
Morris Thierry not much back lift with
the goalkeeper a boss three bits he
finds the Armenia shoot
superb strike this question is from Jake
and he asks who's the man of the house I
think it's me
look he's scared of me he's scared of me
see he's scared of me come on then come
on then what do you do what are you
gonna do what do you do that's right
ain't gonna do anything I'm the man of
the house
so this guy says I dare you to lick your
dog's palms just the taste of a realist
it's not it's not nice though is it look
your dog why does only B want me to lick
my dog yeah there we all liked him again
just stop with the licking questions man
how's Bruno ever pooped or peed on your
bed now I've got to store him out this
your height when I was a lot younger
when he was a puppy I thought it was a
good idea to let him onto my bed because
to be honest I thought he got past a
stage when he was like peeing in the
house and stuff thought what did he do
pissed on my bed literally were sad just
like watching TV there was not a good
experience man this guy is called me a
lot of problems in the past well I still
love him I still love it even though
he's still very very annoying at times
like when he's barking when I'm trying
to recall the Joseph asks why is your
name morgg's now my name on YouTube is
morgues basically just because my
nickname is morgues tongue Bruno Dada
bang come on the bank the answer to that
is no we clearly can't dive what does
Bruno think about your videos let's find
out there's literally just no reaction
to be honest I really don't think he
cares
isn't good for the confidence Bruno was
your favorite food Bruno was your
favorite food you know was your favorite
food what is your favorite food what did
you pick table he likes chicken he likes
chicken what software do you use for
your thumbnail don't you shop cs6 wise
Bruno's daily routine gets up in the
morning has breakfast sleeps for a few
hours has dinner sleep for a few more
hours has T and then sleeps for the rest
of the night literally that's it it
doesn't have the most interest in
lifestyle guys I'll tell you that call a
clothing store asking for morgues
clothing and when they say they don't
have it get mad I'm actually gonna do
this guys you have to put Bruno down
we have to call for supermarket though
because all the clothes shops are short
it's currently half past eleven when I'm
recording this a I've decided to ring
Sainsbury's customer service I don't
care join deal with coil oh for God's
sake be not sorry how can I help
hello alright highest have a quick
question
do you sell morgs apparel so what sorry
morgs apparel I don't quite hear why is
it do you sell morgs apparel a parole I
wipe it clothing clothing let me for you
to be Jorge fun again
okay I can't speak and I'm a help hi do
you sell morgues clothing no so what's
right
mogs clothing I can't buy my saying
sorry morgs apparel mods apparel oh it's
a brand of clothing you don't why dream
why faster those fucking this is the
height is the best clothing out there
man
okay it's a proper golden color only 15
pound I just expected you to sell I
wanted to pick some all right can't
recall oh come on man
young girl I love God anyway I think
it's time to move on to the next
question and get Bruna back up do you
have a middle name if so what is it yeah
I do have a middle name a middle name is
actually Connor yep Morgan Connor Hudson
whenever tell people that my middle
names Connor they always seem quite
surprised but yeah Morgan Connor Hudson
they go that that's your question
answered I dare you to brofist Bruno
look at that Paul look at poor Bank does
Bruno fart a lot right I am 100% not
joking swear down he's just farted why
did you name your Pug Bruno I've always
liked the name Bruno and obviously we're
just diamond I thought I just named him
Bruno there really isn't much story
behind and guys are just like the name
Bruno to be honest we'll do know be
making a youtube channel hopefully knock
so probably freaking overtake me is the
only reason you guys are watching this
video let's be honest who has the better
settle well Bruno just lives in a dog
bed under my kitchen so I'd say probably
Bruno is definitely Bruno guys mugs why
are you so beautiful hard jokes wall I'm
so funny right that's why we're gonna in
the video
guys my self-confidence has just been
destroyed guys don't joke okay but
that's the end of the video I really
really really hope you enjoyed this one
we've Bruno I always like including
Bruno in my videos because you guys
really really seem to enjoy him and
obviously if you enjoy something I'm
gonna do my best to get out for you guys
but as I said 10,000 likes on this video
would be insane guys that would mean the
world to me honestly until you've has a
second to live the video but it means so
much to me guys it honestly will and
also remember to go ahead and follow my
Twitter because that's where I announce
all q and A's you do not want to miss
out on them so go ahead and follow my
Twitter the link is in the description
and my Twitter is up Morse Hudson but
that is about it for this video so as
always I've been morgues he's been
Brunel you've been awesome and I'll see
you guys in the next video peace out
