oh this is bad why the fuck am i doing
this no no I don't I'm not doing that
fuck that I like what's going on to a
dark field hello guys and welcome back
to another one of my Pokemon Gale
episodes and I believe this is episode
five guys five guys I actually really
fancy eating some five guys right now
but that's off-topic guys today what I
have for you is another episode of my
Pokemon go series now as you may
remember in my last Pokemon go episode I
asked you guys to leave a like on the
video if you are enjoying the series and
yeah the video did get a love like so it
seems like you guys are enjoying the
videos so again if you want me to
continue this series then remember to
smash a like on this video only takes
you guys a second but it helps to show
me that you guys are still enjoying
these videos what today why after you is
a different type of episodes usual
because today we are going to be doing
two things number one is that I'm going
to be talking to you about some insane
news that has only recently coming about
some brand new things which will be
added to Pokemon go including new
Pokemon new ideas for poki start trading
training and lots more and then as well
as that of course what we're going to be
doing is heading out and catching some
Pokemon but here's a twist so the time
of recording this it's actually 42 past
11:00 at night I'm not gonna say her and
say my town is a rough place to glassed
at night but it's definitely not the
safest place out there it's not like a
private neighborhood or anything I won't
really say it's risky going out but it's
definitely not the safest thing to do
I've started recording the video now so
it's too late to go back we're gonna
grind catch some Pokemon but first I'm
going to talk to you about some of the
brand new changes which will be coming
to Pokemon go so I just want to quickly
say that all the information I will be
saying in this video is from a recent
event called Comicon you may have heard
of it personally I've heard of it but
I've never been it happened a few days
ago and there was a Pokemon go panel
where the CEO of Pokemon go was talking
about some new changes which will be
coming to the and I swear all the
information which I'm about to tell you
is coming from so the first thing that
I'm going to tell you is probably the
biggest thing and this is regarding new
Pokemon coming into the game now as you
guys are probably aware at the moment
there is only generation 1 in the game
generation one is I believe 150 Pokemon
don't quote me on that boys clear that
those 150 Pokemon will not last forever
eventually people will start to catch
them all
the moment the legendaries aren't
available so we're still waiting for
information on special events regarding
those well at the moment it's clear to
see that 151 or 150 Pokemon will not
last forever
eventually the app will start to die out
if it was kept with just those 150
Pokemon keys where the good news starts
basically the CEO of Pocoyo has said
that the new generations of Pokemon will
eventually make their way into the game
now how this is gonna happen no one
really knows yet but in my opinion a
good way to do this would to be to
announce generation after generation or
you do big updates on the app maybe
every two months or maybe even every
three months where you introduce a new
generation now in my opinion this would
spice the Alpha beloit keep it fresh and
keep an exciting imagine the scenes when
a new generation gets added imagine how
much hype there will be or how they are
going to introduce the new generations
of Pokemon as I said hasn't been decided
yet
but the good news is they are planning
on introducing the new generations of
Pokemon now another thing that the CEO
of Pokemon go has said that he wants to
do - Pokemon go in the future is make
pokey stops a bigger part of the game
now he's saying he's going to do this by
possibly making them into pokey centers
now a poke centers a place that you can
tell your Pokemon to heal them and at
the moment you can heal them with
potions obviously revives but let's say
you don't have any potions or revives
that I made pokey centers a pretty
useful thing to have and personally I
think adding them would be something
cool to add to the game and another
thing that they are working to bring
into Pokemon go is trading and breeding
now we'll start with trading basically
trading with something that we saw in
the trailer we saw two trainers like
trading Pokemon but when the game was
released obviously as you guys know
Kaden wasn't available to do I think
trading would be a really cool thing to
have because let's say you have two of a
Pokemon and your friend does two of a
Pokemon and you don't have their Pokemon
they don't have yours reading would mean
that you can both get a new Pokemon and
it'd just be a really really useful
feature and then breeding is a pretty
complicated topic which I don't know all
the details about but he links in with
Eevee which are like your individual
stats for a Pokemon and basically if
you've read long story short you can
make those V's better and you can raise
stats of your Pokemon specifically again
that'd be a pretty cool feature to add
but how they would add it I'd be really
interested to see because it's a very
complex thing probably the most complex
thing in Pokemon altogether and yeah it
would be very very interesting to having
the game now unfortunately we do not
have any dates yet it could be soon it
could be quite a long way away
the good thing is they are working on
improving the game and they're not just
gonna leave it how it is that is
basically all the updates that we have I
am so excited to see all the things that
they will add to the game but now what
I'm going to do is show you my team
leading off from the last episode okay
so as you can see on your screen right
now there is my team fat loss leading
the lineup eg Snorlax with a 1978 second
is obviously Lapras and Vaporeon those
free pokemon I got from 10k eggs and
then fourth is my Snorlax which I
renamed chat town or Sheffield town
because I caught it in Sheffield in the
last episode if you haven't seen that
already go check out last episode
because it was freaking amazing we
caught some insane Pokemon and then we
also have my 1264 polygraph one of my
favorite Pokemon and I was so happy we
got this thing and also it was in the
last episode again then we have a hypno
estar me another hypno which we got the
last episode ride on gold or cloister
Pidgeot kingler seeking a Brock Clarion
ponyta which we got off-camera this is
an 830 Pony tar which I hatched from an
egg and again it's another awesome
Pokemon which we've added to the team
honestly when we evolved this thing into
the rapper - just think of the CP we'll
have it should be over 1500 CP 834 the
Ponyta 4 unfortunately we only have 11
candy out of 50 so we've got a long way
to go and as you can see you guys there
are my eggs we've got three three point
nine out of five K eggs they should all
be hatching at the same time and that
should be very very soon obviously we've
only got to walk 1.1 kilometers and then
we've got a one out of five but we also
have a two point four out of ten yes I
managed to get another 10k egg and I'm
still hyped about the bug guys that's
about it for the inside part now what
we're going to do is go out and
obviously as we do every episode try and
catch some new Pokemon now if I show you
my time to show you that I'm not lying
I'll just put the phone screen on the
top and just notice guys for some reason
my phone is saying it's 9:40 one but
it's not 9:40 one it's 11:55 what my
iPads got the ride time but for some
reason my phone my freaking phone has
got the wrong time we really need to
change that by anyway it's just a budget
twelve o'clock and I'm gonna go out and
try and catch some Pokemon don't worry
guys I'm gonna stay safe I'm not gonna
be walking into woods and getting lured
down by pokey stop yeah
guys don't be expecting a massive trek
and tons of action all I'm going to try
and do is hatch those free 5k eggs and
also guys I have sorted a screen
recorder for my phone but I'm not gonna
be able to use it while we're out and
about just because this is obviously a
quick thing it's late at night I'm just
gonna have to take my camera and do it
manually for this episode I'm sorry
about that but the next episode trust me
I will have a screen recorder but I
think it's time that we go so wish me
luck guys hopefully don't get stabbed if
you see in this then I'm alive and well
let's go
okay guys so as you can see it's very
late I'm very very dark and probably
won't capture my face very much on this
walk because literally can you even see
me I don't think you can even see me
guys but anyway I'm just walking now I'm
just gonna try and find some of you guys
this is freaking creepy guys honestly
it's so late it's just gone twelve
this looks sickness just doesn't look
creepy Oh what with blood elves are nice
Oh God oh we found nothing so far
I just want this frickin egg to hatch I
want those rigs to hide so we can go
home so I'm sticking to Main Roads
obviously I've seen one car and I've
been out here for like five minutes but
honestly man that she's kind of weird
but yeah I have no clue what the Lions
gonna be like for this obviously it's
not gonna be good but I'm gonna try and
capture what I kind of just hopefully
would get something good guys okay so I
think I'm gonna run because I'm making
no progress with these eggs and I
literally I just want to hatch them
let's go
I don't
oh shit we found a Pokemon okay eyes can
see guys first pokemon off today we
found a wild Paris 155 sleepy not too
bad
great mister by me okay we hit it guys
oh you are you kidding me are you
freaking kidding me
spying okay we hit it guys one two oh
you kidding me
okay there we go surely this time we've
got in a great ball one two three yes
boys first catch out and about okay so
we actually got something guys I'm still
continuing my walk obviously I want to
hatch these eggs I know you guys have
probably laughing at me like it's only
the dark grow up you pussy but you know
it's a little bit word I'm just kind of
out here by myself and there's noises
and shit but still gonna do it and it's
weird you know is weird there is no cars
I've seen one car and I must have been
out there for like 15 minutes now but
nevertheless boys we got ourselves a
cheeky little Paris 155 CP okay boys
pokey stop number one is right there
through a fucking field okay I'm gonna
do it I'm gonna fucking do it oh my god
I can't see holy shit oh this is bad why
the fuck am I doing this no no I'm not
doing that to catch to get a freakin
pokey start trust me guys that is not
gonna happen
okay we've got to do bad guys we found a
zoo but admittedly probably the worst
Pokemon you can get but I'm still gonna
try and catch this thing okay here we go
wild zoo but not the best thing but
still I'm going to try and catch
everything I come across today one two
three easy-peasy boys there we go second
Pokemon of today actually we've got one
hundred and seventy candy so we may as
well just evolve a zoo but real quick hi
subha it's 341 so do you know what let's
just freakin evolve this thing there we
go there we go we've got a gold bar not
too bad why is the CP of this thing I'm
actually interested 1053 guys a 1000
gold bar that is awesome if we actually
checked the rankings this thing is
restore that freaking car so as I was
saying if we check the rankings this
thing
actually really high orbits it's on the
fourth row you know not too bad guys
there's someone behind me and I'm not
talking like right behind me I'm talking
like probably 50 meters away but still I
do not necessarily want to be going up
to people at fucking 12:00 p.m. and I'm
like 14 so I'm gonna go back the way I
came guys okay we found ourselves a 175
Rattata and I know it's another terrible
Pokemon but we did say we were going to
catch everything so I may as well just
get this thing while I'm at it easy to
like boys Rattata
so guys you've actually stumbled across
a Kakuna it's just a second of all
Pokemon obviously a second evolution to
a Beedrill I believe but we made watch
catch this thing there we go
kikuna again not too bad so another zoo
but guys but this one is actually 317 CP
so I do actually want to catch this
thing because obviously golbat do go
quite high okay we've hit it guys
finally I wasted so many pokeballs to
come on I beg free fuck you guys we've
got that zoo but not gonna lie I missed
with about 10 great balls guys 317 we
may as well just go ahead and frickin
evolve that again to go but let's check
these CP now guys that goal bar is
actually CP 988 so again that is not too
bad but obviously guys the main thing we
were doing in this video was hatching
those eggs and they're actually all at
4.9 out of 5 so that means that these
will hatch literally any second maybe
not any second but any minute guys I
cannot wait hatch these guys it is
frickin time the eggs already the things
that we have been waiting for this
entire video are now ready these are 5k
eggs come on I beg mister man would be
epic something new whoo yes okay bonito
that is brilliant guys and that means we
now have 21 candy admittedly we have a
long way to go but I am very very happy
with that
okay boys it's time for the second egg
come on can we get something to top that
perimeter maybe maybe not oh it's a
tentacle actually oh how close are we to
evolving this we can evolve guys we can
freaking of all brand new program not
Tentacruel we'll do that when we get
home but now we have the final egg the
final 5k egg come on I beg give me
something good guys please oh what the
hell we just got another tentacle
another one guys want the help right so
as you guys now know that is the free
eggs done and we
managed to get two tentacles but we
can't evolve into a tentacle which I
will do when we get back which will be a
few minutes I'm literally a few minutes
away from a house and we also got a
freaking ponytail which puts us a step
closer to finally get in that rapid -
that is a pretty successful journey for
me obviously I've come at 12 p.m. and
I'm very very happy that I did because
we got some gold bats over 1000 we got
ponyta and we managed to get two
tentacles guys I'm taking the other big
win but for real I think it's time we
get home guys this has been a pretty
creepy experience Oh guys
home sweet home we made it I think
morgg's is slowly becoming pokey master
mode 12 p.m. went out and caught Pokemon
I tell you what boys that is a lovely
sight to come home to after a Pokemon
adventure I'm definitely gonna get a can
of Diet Coke guys let's go upstairs
probably one of the more eventful
episodes of Pokemon go right so as you
can tell I am back from my Pokemon
adventure and went out at 12 p.m. is now
1240 songs actually help though for 40
minutes well probably about 25-30
minutes because obviously walking in and
out a lot of time but anyway guys that
was quite a different experience you
know is weird being out there in the
streets which is usually packed with
cars and people being absolutely alone
and obviously in the dark it was a weird
experience I mean feel free to call me a
pussy all you want in the conversation
below but on the Pokemon side of things
we actually made a lot of progress in
this video not only did we get some
amazing egg hatches but we also caused
some decent Pokemon let me show you okay
so here we are on Pokemon cow and the
first thing I'm going to do is evolve my
tentacle into Tentacruel obviously
tentacle a brand new Pokemon haven't had
EAS than the Pokedex and I cannot wait
to finally get my first Tentacruel okay
so here we are guys as you can see I
have free tentacles currently we have a
350 a 4 8 9 and a 505 obviously 505
being the highest but why I'm actually
going to do its power this thing up an
absolute ton and then go ahead and
evolve it because as you can see we have
60 tend to call candy and we have 13,000
star door so I want this tentacle to be
an absolute beast let's do this and
there we go 556 so we've just made a lot
of improvement to the CP now what we're
gonna do is evolve this thing into a
Tentacruel and hopefully we'll get
beastly tentacle guys I'm aiming for
over 1,000 guys over 1,000 that's what
I'm aiming for there we go guys tend to
cruel brand new Pokemon as I said let's
see the CP of this thing I cannot wait
to see what it is and there you go eyes
can see registered to pokedex oh I
forgot to freaking pop a lucky egg 1376
babajis we didn't pop the lucky egg but
that makes up for it guys 1376 if i go
to my combat power scroll to the top
Tentacruel is now our 4th best pokemon
guys 1376 that is mad look at that thing
what a freaking tank 1060 the Musa guys
an incredible moveset with acid and
sludge wave but honestly guys this
episode has been a freaking success guys
Tentacruel 1376 that makes the walk
worth it and we haven't even got
the other things we got so in this
episode we actually caught two zubats
and we went on to evolve those two
zubats into two gold bats the first goal
back was CP 1053 so that's pretty decent
the second goal that was CP 988 so again
pretty decent but we also got another
pony Toph from an egg and as you can see
guys we've got two ponytails now 834 and
830 so they are very very similar
matched we are 21 candy out of 50 so
we've got a long way to go guys but all
the progress helps towards that rapidash
well guys I believe that is about it for
this episode so if you have enjoyed then
please leave a like on the video as I
said in the last video I'm gonna judge
whether you guys like the series or not
by the like ratings obviously so it only
takes a second if we enjoying the series
if you want me to do more of the series
then just write the video guys and also
if you have any tips or feedback on how
we can make these pokemon go episodes
better then remember to leave that in
the comment section below also why I
want you guys to do is comment down
below your best Pokemon your hi see
people come on come in the name of it
down below and also let me know what the
CP is I want to see if any of you guys
have got any bad Pokemon the must know
like well thank you so much for watching
this video I tried to mix up as you know
going out a bit later today I really
really hope you enjoyed it and I'm
really really hoping enjoying these more
consistent uploads recently but as
always I've been logged you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in the next
video peace out
