I'm just gonna put myself in 20 young
guys a small time today food challenge
king is back look at that you see my
crown well it's there why can't you see
it no it's literally right okay Morgan
it's not me that means the challenge
King has returned not as long as the
videos on YouTube where people put
something come for like an hour and then
when they take it back out it's dark
decayed at all disgusting somebody's put
you in what about maybe maybe maybe
Bruno and you know what now you say it
more with us exactly what's going to be
happening today because instead of
poison for Nelson I'm just gonna put
myself that's what this channel is all
about baby no talking about that if you
haven't already subscribe to the channel
do I even have to say it bro the
challenges we do on this channel you
will not find anywhere else so subscribe
right now but Morgan they could find
challenges on my channel subscribe team
um nope no quality oh well it's not and
also guys right now I need you to
comment down below what you think is
gonna happen to my body after stay in
the coat for 24 hours and then make sure
you watch all the way to the end of the
video to see you what is actually gonna
happen I don't know what's gonna happen
but I know one thing it's gonna be crazy
okay good
mum I think we may need a little bit
more than that you versus the girl she
tells you not to do by the way everybody
there's a heavy load coming there's a
heavy load coming no no no no not the
trolley you what are you doing why you
doing what are you doing
seriously though guys we've got an
entire massive trolley filled with coke
right here this is probably gonna be
like 200 pounds so if you haven't
already like the video yes you'll just
be a meme bro I need you to like the
video because this is a lot of money but
mum I think we should go fill the bath
with oh that's just one more thing there
Morgan I'm more of a Pepsi girl was that
what's up really necessary yeah come on
wait wait wait wait wait we forgot
something Wow we needed one more bottle
of coke oh hold on hold on hold on why
is it I can't believe I forgot
mom I got it
there we go
now a complete a few inches later Oh
guys all of that trolling has made me so
thirsty
thank God we've got some down no that's
for the video well that down put that
down Morgan you have enough now for the
video we're gonna have to go back in
again it was just one set it doesn't
matter morgue and we needed that we've
carefully calculated how much we need
for this video yeah we need another
trolley full now I just don't feel the
same about any of the coke that we've
just bought we need to go in and buy
another load of coke hi can we have a
large Coke Zero please no Morgan not an
absolutely different of a milkshake Oh
Oh oh my gosh mom I think I'll sit this
one out okay guys I think we all know
happens right now it's time to fill oh
my god
she just coops me with one in the face
oh my god they heard that Oh seriously
guys as you can see in the buffest film
that right there is 250 pounds worth of
coke so if you haven't already liked the
video no bro that cost me 250 pounds I
am you know a lot got family to feed
I've got kids to feed you know you've
got two dogs
I'm not dog Sophie I also you probably
notice my hair has gone a really weird
color I tried to get rid of the blue and
now it's gone green so you know what
100,000 lights on this video and I will
dye my hair
another new color something I've never
done before but only if we get 100k
lights on this video bearing in mind
I've hit that like five times my entire
YouTube career so that is a big deal we
need to get the hundred K likes oh my
hands just gonna stay like this oh gosh
guys like please like we don't want it
to stay that color and also one more
thing guys I don't want to go into the
bath wearing this top I think I've got a
better solution
now if you haven't already heard me
embalmer dropped this brand new emerge
onto Bordeaux the new merch is the
embroidered Queen's crown merch it's
flippin dough I was thinking I'm you
know there's a lot of females in the
nerd squad and I wanted to bring out a
drop just for you because you're all
Queens and you deserve a crown on your
hood guys won't believe this the Queen
of England was ringing me up and she
said could we send this on free merch
you know I said no you're a queen you
could have to buy some bro yeah
beautiful ladies watching this well guys
here we go I'm in the code I'm gonna get
all saturated in it and we're gonna see
what happens
when I like the video 20 minutes later
Tara is absolutely driving me mad he's
only been in that
yeah okay guys and obviously I'm wearing
this whole new match so
to the first problem now to a little
later
we have problems this challenge is no
joke guys luckily I don't need to do any
of those things yet but what I in
evitable II do we can run into a big
problem
my name is Mort and I am in a bar with
cookies gasps I've been here for hours
when I go out I bet on superpowers
I'm freezing cold the bad I'm late
enjoying the vine
yeah yeah wait oh good
yo you didn't in the pen you know the
food situation was a little bit tricky
but we got there in the end I've had my
son and I had my potatoes I've even
hired Mike obese we cons but to be
honest guys i flipping shafted right now
just laying in this coat go you're
really bold I'm actually tired right now
so I think I might just try to get some
sleep and then baby when I wake up
tomorrow it'll be like yeah seriously
though guys I'm actually kind of nervous
because I don't want to look at my legs
right now I want to keep it as a
surprise until the end bull
when I wake up my odds of fell off or my
legs have eroded or my next gone I don't
know like imagine waking up one day and
your arms are just fold that could
happen to me you know what guys if you
don't like this video right now when you
wake up tomorrow arms maybe not but like
it because in my bag happen so could you
bring me like a pillow or something so I
get some sleep okay
oh my god could we not do this from the
star like this assembly
do you want your teddy Morgan yeah poor
pattern
not on our own for her be happy now
Morgan is one city alright for tonight
I know it like normally you like about
two or three in bed but I think you can
sleep
are you okay you can sleep with one okay
Morgan well I will see you in the
morning and if you are lit no no it'd be
fine Morgan yeah Morgan if you want
anything in the night
don't shout me I'm not coming good night
or the next day guys it's the next
morning oh my gosh I can't believe is
still asleep
you've been checking in over and over
and over and it's just absolutely
sleeping like a baby
it's nearly one o'clock in the afternoon
this is crazy
it never sleeps like this I think we
need to wake him up Morgan Morgan
oh hi Morgan oh did you go under the
clue you've been in there all night how
are you feeling I up Chucky a few times
so I was kind of a little bit worried
about you but a job no you didn't drown
you're right you're absolutely fine
you're all you made a bit of a mess
you've spilled coke over the back leave
being rippling around a bit also shall
give you another half an hour
okay I'll give you another no whoa
Morgan yeah now it's probably time to
wake up and carry on with the challenge
it's a boring if you just sleep all the
time for everybody okay after study
abroad came oh but I think it's about
half past 12:00 corpse alarm oh yeah
look at the body so the level coconuts
we drop and it's stayin in the back
pretty bad I'm not really in black what
Oh
oh no Morgana I'm not sure about this no
really
oh my word
what have you done to my crown crop top
Morgan I've made a baby link in
description one minute you got it soaked
in coke
oh that's shocking okay guys so we just
settle the screen as you can see and
Cara's icebox and it dies I'm gonna try
and yeah Nightwing from inside
okay
Wow disgusting my lovely brown t-shirt
what have you done - it's cool isn't
babies why that's why I imagine guys
that's why Morgan while we're talking
about problems and disgusting things how
did the problem go earlier you know the
problem you mentioned woman yeah what
about the problem in hardware you need
to well yeah I just haven't done it know
what Morgan comment down below who
thinks Morgan's and a little wee-wee in
the bath
when to the finals viewers no guys and
you know all of the boredom is really
kicking in I've been playing for night
I've been eating you know before now
it's all been great I listen to some
music
I'm a bit worried about your lips mark
and they've got a very funny shade of
purple and your face looks a bit like a
little bit too much cold also look at
the difference there's like a solid line
oh you're disgusting
I seriously look at those you know I
actually don't
because that was gonna click off the
video guys that's what happens when you
pop income for 24 hours is this video
guess what hope your father likes I will
dye my hair a different color subscribe
to the channel right now so you can see
what color I diet because it will be the
next video if you hit that like target
as always I propose you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out
