all right guys I'm gonna start this
video by saying we have some good news
and we also have some bad news we're
gonna start with the good news I'm
actually feeling a lot better now as you
guys knew I had a cold over the weekend
I'm feeling more bear now so the uploads
will get back to usual but now it's time
to move on to the bad news guys get
ready for this
are you done
so yeah as you can probably tell I got
my hair cool it's looking very very sure
I'm not sure for like it guys but anyway
I think it's time we actually start the
video if you want some fifa coins or you
want to open some packs then feed for UT
store is the place to be they are so
cheap and also very fast and reliable
and if you want to save yourself ten
percent off your order then remember to
use code morgues at checkout yo guys its
mugs and today we have another video on
in this video we're gonna be doing some
FIFA 16 because as you guys know I
haven't played fee from a channel in
ages it's been three weeks so I thought
it's time I bring you guys some fee for
content and today we're gonna be mixing
it up a little bit in this video we're
gonna be doing a lot of different things
we're gonna start by doing some packs
we're gonna be opening 450k pipes in the
hunt for some I'm and the match cards
then we're gonna do a foot draft just
one but we are gonna do it hopefully aim
for something big and then as well in
this video we're gonna go on to feat for
UT store and open some packs on there
with my POG Bruno because as you guys
know you smash 10,000 likes on my last
video so that means the English video we
are gonna be opening some packs with
Bruno but just before we start guys I
just want to say if you want to see more
videos with my pug Bruno then let's
smash 10,000 likes again on this video
if we could do that that would be insane
also try not to roast me for my hair too
bad I know it's not very good but
hopefully he'll grow fast anyway let's
get started guys we've got our money in
the account and as you can see if we go
to promo pipes we've got 50k pipes these
things are monsters so what I'm gonna do
now is get into for these and hopefully
again I'm on the match card because I'm
play FIFA in 3 whole weeks I haven't
even gone I'm at the match card yet so I
really really want one today hi the
first 50k package you know what we're
gonna do a diet coke pipe you guys know
the story behind diet coke packs these
usually get me good players so what
we're gonna do we're gonna get that pipe
opening take a sip come on baby oh no
Giroux
oh god why terrible pack that has
literally eight guys okay look so I'm
gonna have to move on now to the second
part hi guys we're gonna do something a
bit different we're gonna do a no-look
pack but instead of doing that we're
gonna do something else
I cannot see a thing in fact I can see
the light coming through like the thing
about Kanto what's on the screen anyway
we're gonna look in three two one
Oh inform oh it's actually only a
one that was a really bud oh boy a weird
reaction we gon inform though but I like
I shouted I thought it was a good one my
mic was actually covering it so just saw
the blood and we also got Thomas Muller
who is 86 rated alright finally there we
go guys back in theif I swear down for
the past like five minutes I've been
getting kicked off anyway we're
now more actually goes for around eight
K so I'm actually quite happy with that
eight KS not too bad either then come on
I'm hyped for this another 50k pack
can't we please get I'm anthem at you
really do a skip pack three two one bang
you have you having me on dole my god
just get off me freaking scream what an
absolute nightmare final 50k back come
on now what we're gonna get I'm gonna do
another no-look pack kind of please get
and I'm at a match Man Oh FIFA FIFA
packs are an absolute nightmare just
jumps gonna discard that is why I don't
open FIFA packs hopefully we can get a
better look over on Fifi UT store when I
got my dog with me but for now what I'm
gonna do is get you the draft for this
video alright come on now we've got the
belt surely we can get at least a 190 in
this draft come on okay fall free to one
formation that is not too bad we'll go
with that
can we get a good cup today's a really
really bad save captain's man so I went
with peeler I'm not massively sure why I
just think just because the midfielder
having that ninety one rating could help
us out a lot we're gonna move straight
up to striker now and we need a good
player here yes okay there we go ninety
Benzema will fit the job perfectly if 99
Messi that's all along I'm gonna go with
that ninety Griezmann actually screwing
now we need 99 Ronaldo 98 Ronaldo I'll
take that I'm gonna try something
different I'm gonna get the left back
and the right back out of the way first
and oh my god
89 cover bust mark gomez that's not too
bad
yes okay 89 coke this team is looking
very very good her steak and 82 rated
will go with that okay we need to go
with pepper cause we need some BBA
Senate bikes go with disco there Oh
Bella rune I would go 89 Marcelo guys
that's pretty good can we get a messy
though we really need messy here
oh no we did we didn't get winning get
messy guys that's not good for King
silvus oh my god David Luiz will go with
you
goalkeeper now final position 83 Alves
that's not that's not too bad
right I'm not gonna sit here and lie to
you guys today has been a terrible day
for drafting but anyway guys what we're
gonna do now is move over to FIFA ut
store which is an internet-based site
where what you can actually do is
transfer over your fifa coins onto their
open packs on there and then transfer
back over the coins that you made so
what I've done I've got my money over
there and what I'm actually gonna do is
move on to their open some packs bots as
I promised I'm gonna go downstairs get
Bruno and he's gonna come up here and
help me open some packs over on there so
let's do this I can't wait this should
be pretty exciting Oh
comfy right guys so this is Bruno and if
you don't know him already
this is my POG hopefully he can help me
get some good players I'm not gonna lie
guys I've use this at the forum we've
got some pretty good PAC log no one you
can also buy coins on this side so yeah
if you want to use this website then
I've provided the link in the
description down below and also use code
morgg's at checkout and you'll save
yourself ten percent anyway we're gonna
start with some I'm and the match packs
as you can see 750,000 coins a system
this is a big pipe by Bruno first pack
oh there we go that's profit 800 and
1,000 coins that's pretty cool so yeah
from that pipe would go like 50k as you
can see you know I managed Sanchez I'm
on the match Pig ye - that's pretty
awesome
alright what I'm gonna do I'm gonna get
his paw and game to open this part yes
okay got it
Oh Billy please that's 250 Bruno just
packed me a legend man oh my god that
said big 1 million and eighty six
thousand coins from a 750 K pack but
what we going there we got Crespo we got
Alonso under wiggle custom arrow David
Luiz honestly that's a sick fact Bruno
Thank You Man
oh nine hundred ninety five that some
more profit guys ninety bail ninety-two
Kaka Draxler oh my god I'm getting very
lucky today Bruno's helping me out you
know what let's do a legend puck come on
Bruno you're gonna get me a good legend
here oh god that's a pretty bad legend
actually alright come on Bruno legend
pack what are you gonna get me oh my god
religions yes lad I see 1 million six
hundred and sixty-two thousand point
profit no way that's what we got from
the part that profit there is almost a
million Bruno is an absolute legend he's
gave me some amazing parts my team of
the year pack Bruno get me a good one
that's that's like not too bad if we
didn't lose out on that one though but
obviously you can't win them all still
not about pike Bruno you did get me know
in 96 red you can't complain without
Jesus one two three four five six seven
eight team of the season cards they
crazy
come on
2.5 million returned from of 1 million
Park Ronaldo Messi die baller body Basel
he packed me Ronaldo and Messi in the
same Park I can't believe it and guys
trust me when I say that is like packing
Messi and Ronaldo in actual FIFA because
you get the exact values of them players
450k for Messi and 560 kafir and aldo
basically Bruno just pipe me Ronaldo and
Messi that is crazy
ok 500k man of the match pack what can
you get me here first one yeah yeah
Torre 1 million coins another 500k
profit oh my god guys incredible we're
gonna do another eye man the match pipe
these are 750 K what we're gonna get oh
my god
1.3 million boys Bruno is an absolute
legend blank I lost him I'm for it
750 K and we've got a 1.6 million return
is it the haircut or is it Bruno guys
warm block and Larson I'm silver and
Suarez in the same pack oh my god I am
done that is incredible honestly I
cannot believe we've just got that lucky
we have made so much overall profit so
guys that's enough of Bruno now but oh
my god uses cause some insane players
legends Ronaldo Messi Suarez is
basically got every card in the game
except for Pele but hopefully that'll
happen another day hashtag thank you
Bruno in the comment section below if
you watched ill the end but guys there's
the end of this video and if you enjoyed
then a like rain would be much
appreciated guys that would mean the
world as I said 10,000 lights were being
saying I cannot believe he was this
happen man I'm out of breath I can't
believe that I don't know if it's the
hair
the Bruno or just be Beauty stowable we
have just got a lot of profit and I am
buzzing well guys as I said I really
hope you enjoyed the video if you hit a
like that'd be amazing 10000 would be so
sick if you want to see more videos with
Bruno's and hit a like and if can hit
10,000 then that's show me that you guys
do want to see more videos with Bruno
but guys that is about it for the video
thank you so much for watching and as
always I've been marked you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in the next
video peace
