if you want some fifa coins or you want
to open some packs and FIFA UT store is
the place to be they are so cheap and
also very fast and reliable right well
this is like the biggest pure box
opening I've ever done before the box I
kept my mail in before was too small so
I had to borrow one of my mom's boxes
which was bigger just to fit the mail in
this is full this is full so basically
right I'm going to attempt to open all
this in this video don't if I'll get it
all open but we're gonna try our best
oh Christ that's a lot of mail oh and
also you guys absolutely love the row
small video the support we got on that
video was insane so what I'm gonna say
right now is if we hit eight thousand
likes on this video then I will do a
roast brunner video if you don't know
who Bruno is that is my pug so yeah hit
that live boy and they'll only take you
girls like a second and if we gave
thousand likes I'll get that rose Bruno
video out and also go follow my twitter
which is Mortenson link in the
description because that's where I'll
actually tweet out the picture and ask
for the roasts oh yeah and also if you
knew then hit that subscribe button
because what why not literally why not
I'm gonna pour myself a drink got me 25
P Cheerios oh yeah I'm not loaded in
like four or five days so feel free to
call me a ticket in the comment section
oh yeah I forgot to mention if you want
to send anything for the next beer box
open and then the address is on the
screen right now all you have to do read
on the front of your package or whatever
you want to send and then your package
will come to me and I get in the box and
open it all if you want any more
information about what to send I have to
do then there's a big paragraph in the
description you'll read that if you want
but anyway I think it's time we get
started with the video we're gonna start
with this oddly shaped thing I mean look
at it what is I don't go show me all
these match attax and put them in a box
of an elgato Oh Annie sent lost off
Jesus Christ look at that anyway what
else have we got in this box let's check
its an ED set or if he's put match attax
in this one
oh the turtle beach's for Xbox one boost
via PlayStation is sending it for Xbox I
mean I do have an Xbox so I guess these
will do
thanks for setting these I'm just a
little bit confused to be honest there's
a net were here you're on the favorite
youtuber we have been subcu since seven
thousand subs we are very proud of how
your channel has grown is wine confused
though if you tried show me why nobody
actually give me a head sir Liam a
Dharan thank you for sending this if
this actually worked and I'm gonna be
very pleased
I'll try after the video but thank you
guys next we've got this thing another
the shoulder says but guess was rip into
it you could take quick break look
literally tastes like piss I don't even
know I'm drinking that
oh he doesn't fit me I'm too fat he
doesn't fit me well I'm sorry for that
cringe now let's get back to the video
let's guys sent me a bell but it says on
it
it's morgg's heavyweight foot draft
champion so there's a note in here too
I've been watching you since 10k subs
and you inspire me to make videos and
become like you keep doing what you're
doing because you're doing a great job
thanks all the best from Danny or DF
skills also we said hope you like the
belt as you are the real champ now for
although mats are too fat this thing
don't even fit me but I'll put it on my
shoulder that's just some excuse for
being too over way next thing here we
got this this one is heavy
oh-ho there we go boys in here will yell
I think I see some sweet kappa leeds
united versus Bolton warriors just just
stop
no no look at these he sent me some
sunglasses but with actual eyebrows so
now it may actually look like I have
some Wells's in here
signs pussy oh my god what the oh sure
for your skills which I absolutely love
Parma violets which again Isley love the
new bracelet which I mean I guess I'll
put that on now
uh-oh what oh they'll do some art in
here look at that that is absolutely mad
yo guys its mold road to one mill sobs
what piss that handwriting right is
absolutely sick ten years old how is
some one time rail I buy ten years old
and mine looks like literally a disaster
sure he's been watching my videos for a
few months now he suppose Leeds United
and ghost all the home home games Wow
unlucky mate oh I say them basically his
favorite youtuber that's so awesome
I hope you enjoy I sent from an active
subscriber of yours Harvey or Leeds
United vlogs our news thank you so much
wow that's so awesome and unlucky
support leave by the way Oh Dan they
sick that is actually so cool guys look
at that he's got a note on the back -
you're my favorite youtuber and you
inspire me to start a channel
really enjoys my videos and has been
watching me since 13k sobs that is so
awesome
hi so this grand I just got motor neuron
disease and that made him really upset
but I make his day so much better
that is so fucking insane I don't know
how me just sat in front of this camera
can like genuinely help people like is
so mad until people like say these
things to you don't realize how crazy it
really is so this is from collie and he
sent this and obviously said that says
I'm his favorite YouTube and I've helped
him through bad times the honestly man
that means so much like it really really
does anyway we are gonna move on now and
I've got this pretty interesting looking
parcel here it's got something inside it
which feels kind of squishy but I'm not
sure what so I'm just gonna get open
obviously for real what actually is this
I can't be asked to unwrap all this
tissue paper smells really weird and I'm
like scared but I'm just gonna do anyway
hey I think someone fucking sent me shit
I'm not fuckin sure I think someone sent
me shit I don't want a lot I'll only
flashy or not I don't know I think that
shit I think someone just sent me shit
I'm not 100% sure but I think someone
just sent me shit I'm not going anywhere
near that because I don't want to
fucking I don't touch it but it smells
like shit and it looked Brown so up
that's me that's me out no more all
right we've got a box now and boxes
really excite me oh man I love opening
boxes on man what's inside it a little
basically nut boxes whoa oh damn get a
bubble wrap out of the way we've got a
lot of stuff in here first thing is oh
oh man wow these these actually look
really posh man I'm not sure what they
are they're John Lewis but they're like
little ps4 remotes but I don't actually
know what you do with these
that's weird
intelligent pussy boy yeah we got signs
pussy we got more glasses so let's get
them on we've also got a lighter some
sent me lighter thank you I guess and
then all these cream egg and forged like
heroes the hell is this coin Emile
Heskey ha ha Emile Heskey Colin
that's my hi-fi this guy says PS if you
want to see a cool magic trick hold the
light I've added under the paper not too
close don't set the paper on fire and
the writing will disappear okay I'm
going to try that that's black there you
can see that black that is sick the
black just disappeared mom and thank you
so much LT for all that stuff and I
should probably take these off
and I think it's time we move on to the
next package which is this little thing
and as you can tell there's something in
this and it's making a lot of noise oh
damn this guy's send me a box of cherry
passion picked axe he sent me a lolly
and also there's a new in here and he
says to the bottom please mention my
whole name so I can share my friends
hope you liked the package Joe Volga
thank you so much for that man I really
appreciate it oh well here's a package
but this one's had a little bit of a rip
oh man this thing is full we've got
ourselves a massive pack of four tubes
of fruit parcels you guys know I love my
food thank you
oh yes and we've also got a packet of
Haribo's and no which I've read in a
minute and is that is that a Lego figure
I think that's a funny lego figure there
we go we got a cheek a little drawing on
the front and then on the back we've got
the no please read on camera you're one
of my favorite youtubers even though I
have only watched you for a week or two
you are really funny in all your vision
you're an inspiration to everyone from
Pheo Hicks age 11 thank you so much man
honestly that's awesome and thanks so
much for all the sweets this is come all
the way from Australia $20 to send this
over Monday's crazy
ooh
oh my god I need to show you this guys
look at that
that's my cartoon logo into like a block
of wood as insane oh my god not for real
that's so cool look at the creativity
there guys that is awesome porn and the
whales we've got in here we got some
Alan's snakes alive and then also some
Mars bar and a little bouncy bar should
I try one of these and he's Australian I
think these are Australian so I'm just
gonna try these right now guys they
aren't nice so yeah thanks so much that
Zach honestly that's awesome that really
means a lot to me mum Jesus we have
opened a lot of mail let's do a few more
though alright what we going here
something feels quite big in here so
let's get this open oh damn this guy
said a little Bluetooth speaker that's
awesome and it also sent a matcha Thais
little double card Technic I used to
play with these a lot I remember these
ah thank you so much for this dude that
means a lot to me woah oh my god there's
a lot of match attax holy hell no way
let's not send some more whoppers if you
haven't seen my American candy video
already I had some of these and I said I
loved them and I did and he sent me some
more I've finished the box now I've
gotten you one thing is this is from a
different guy I want to see if this was
sent before the American carnie video or
after so this is to Ryan or blaze boss
and he says he can't wait until I hit 1
million subscribers but I think he said
these as like a coincidence he sent them
before I did the video on them but
that's a real coincidence isn't it I'm
gonna have one of these right now these
things are so nice okay what I'm gonna
do now is open some of these bigger ones
he's like big and firm ones cuz I think
there could be some like drawings in
here I guess I've got a feeling there's
gonna be something pretty awesome in
here
let's go send me the ed Sheeran Wembley
edition CD and then yes I was right
there is some drawings in here so let me
get these out and take a look first one
here is this which is like a note with
obviously the big molds writing at the
top oh man that thing's massive
look at that that is awesome a huge guys
no wonder that took in three hours thank
you so much that man is going straight
on the wall in that space back there I'm
gonna start building this
side up now and this is gonna be the
first thing I'm gonna add I'm gonna pull
out to the side thank you so much man
that's honestly amazing ah still tastes
like piss why am I even drinking I was
like accomplish a summer full nails with
the big cartoon face in the middle nice
awesome my name is Alex and I'm 11 and I
hope you like my drawing I've been
watching you since boy K and it's
amazing you get 100 K it shocked me out
fast you went off love your videos and
please keep up the good work man thank
you so much it's pretty amazing the
group on the channel isn't it a Pharrell
no no for real now I'm point our way
lies disgusting look at the size of this
thing oh my god oh Haribo gold bears I
really like these yes boys look at them
this guy's in some pretty
awesome-looking match attax we've got
like a gold Lukaku I didn't know he
could get gold cards but yeah this one
fight orange and yellow light in between
what's inside here is that a drawing I
think it is um and look at her that's
pretty awesome it's like a join of me
and it actually looks very good to be
honest quite accurate so this is from
Barney and this came all the way from
Australia and he saw be since when I had
20,000 I says I've inspired him and his
best friends and he's obviously join me
this picture and he also sent me an
attachment and told me to put the
picture on the wall so I'm gonna do that
honestly
today's pill box openers been mad we've
got sweets we've got bouncy balls match
attax take dex little wooden carved
things we've got pretty tic tacs
I can see skittles I can see boot
pastels then John Lewis little ps4
control things we've literally got stuff
everywhere
look at that guys that's pretty awesome
it says turn over there so on the back
we've got no in very very neat
handwriting you are a huge inspiration
to me since you're the best young
YouTube I've ever come across
I may only be subbing to you since 130k
but I've watched most of your videos and
I love what you do I would say you need
a lot of attributes to be a YouTube and
I think you have all of them humor
skills knowledge and a great personality
even recommended me to his friend and he
says he hopes I get far on YouTube and
it's also got a little bit bubble round
of the bomb which stays happy youtubing
that's awesome man thank you so much
George pretty awesome - I am gonna
finish on this one now and this is the
final letter which I put aside earlier
on and I didn't actually open it the
feels like there's something in here but
yeah this is gonna be the final one of
today it's been an awesome vo box
opening but what we going here oh man
we've got toxic waste
all right to end the video we are gonna
do one of these things
wish me luck this is a watermelon flavor
which I have had before but these things
are very sour let's let's have this Oh
Oh got a calculator long that thing is
sour oh look at that guys that's an
awesome poster thank you so much for
sending the water that's from Ali and
yeah thanks a lot and they's gonna be
the end of the video if I just grab my
camera I'll walk around and just show
you my desk now is absolutely packed
with tons of stuff guys look at my
fricking set so this is what this bear
box video has got me look at all this
stuff
that is amazing poor guys the end of the
video guys if you have enjoyed them
please hit a like on it and let me take
your second just hit that libor and if
we can get 8000 likes as I said at the
start I will do the roast Bruno video I
have no clue how that I'll go but it
should be fun if you want to send
anything for the next one then the
address is on the screen right now you
guys know what to do right on your
parcel right on the package put that in
on the website the bio stuff um you can
literally send anything just put that
address on it and it'll get to me and
also guys go follow my Twitter because
if you want to get involved in any of
these Rose videos I'll just get more
involved with me then go phone down
there because I honestly use Twitter so
much and it's definitely worth giving me
the follow on that but that is about it
for the vid
as always I've been morgues you guys
been awesome and I'll see you in the
next video but I don't always I've been
more you guys been awesome and I'll see
you in the next video peace
you can't
