you've got to love the good old English
weather only days after it being 24
degrees now it is absolutely hammering
it down look at my heart it's not even a
hard look at this thing I've decided to
get a lift back from football and
genuinely and I thought my life was on
the line it was hammering it down with I
was gonna drown
even though I was outside on the streets
anyway now I think it's time we actually
start the video yo guys it's mogs and
today we have another video on the
channel and today it is a different one
than usual today what we're going to be
doing is trying American candy yeah
basically all I'm gonna be doing is
eating American candy on video and for
some reason you guys actually want to
see this so I got all my candy from
American soda kyoto UK and you guys can
too there will be a link in the
description where you guys can go to
their website they do actually a lot of
stuff and I was really pleased with the
delivery only took a few days so yeah
they sell all different types of candies
and food and even drinks and today what
we've got is a big box filled with tons
of different sweets and candies and
we're gonna be trying them today on
video so I just open this box I'll show
you guys what we've got in here so as
you can see this box is filled with tons
of different things I'm gonna eat them
one by one and try them bearing in mind
I don't think I've ever had any of the
stuff in here so it's gonna be quite
funny scene if Ashley liked this stuff
let's just get started I so here we've
got some Jelly Belly's but these are oh
my god these are literally soda flavored
or like fizzy drink flavored so we've
got Dr Pepper root beer Orange Crush 7up
cream soda and grape crush alright let's
get these open alright this is a this is
a Orange Crush one Oh mum mmm that's
really nice
another one dr. pepper this'll go oh my
god
that's nice now it's really nice oh my
god another one is this a seven or they
actually taste like the soda they
actually taste like the fizzy drink
sighs insane another one this is grape
crush I look great by the way I freaking
love gray these are so nice and another
one root beer and I've never had root
beer no I think I'm I've had it once
okay this is root beer again that's
actually really really nice you know
what to make this a little bit more
interesting for you guys to it's not
just me sigh here eat your food I guess
that's kind of all the video is but
anyway I'm gonna give each kind of candy
a rating out of 10 ah it's got to be
like an 8 that is really really nice I
think my favorite flavor was the great
ones but these are really really good
just gonna quickly point out guys as you
can probably tell I'm a big fan of my
field so I really really enjoy making
these types of videos if you guys enjoy
watching me do these videos and want me
to do some other ones and smash the like
on the video if we could shoot for 4,000
likes that'd be insane but anyway I
think it's time we move on to the next
candy these are candy corns are I've
heard so much about these I don't know
what they have never tried candy corn
these are jelly belly but um I'm just
gonna crack these open I've been wanting
to try candy corns for ages
I've never actually tried them I don't
know how to feel about that we'll try
another one
I don't know if I like them or not
Alfa's not expecting that I don't know
what the taste like well that's the
candy corns tried to be honest they're
not that bad I just can't really say
what they taste like guys I've never had
them before they are quite nice I would
definitely have them again we'll give
them like a six I thought they're all
right but not been special all right
next one is the swedish fish and i've
heard so much about these apparently
these are really really good so what
we're going to do is rip this open if we
can't even get a ilton guys there we go
okay we've got it open so these are just
like little red fish I guess when they
try one oh my lord oh nice think I may
have just found my new favorite sweet
guys these are insane oh my life these
are fat-free
these are fat-free how can these be that
nice yeah they'll be fat-free I can't
really describe what the taste like but
they're they're really really nice it's
just thinking guys it may not be the
best idea to record this video probably
hitting it with diabetes by the end of
it swedish fish nine point five out of
ten I'm sorry but they are incredible
Raz TLAs rustlers burst their candy then
it's gone it says it's gone
but candies well I don't I don't
understand here we got one here do I eat
here or is it gone
oh my god it's chewing gum I'm
struggling to I'm really struggling to
even like I don't I don't know I don't
know
Razzles I mean they are quite nice well
I just I don't I don't want to stand
anyway well give him a William a six out
of ten they're not bad alright there no
well should we go in here oh my god
airheads extreme sweetly sour candy no
so we got the rainbow of gay pride
apparently these are quite sour these
look reasonably interesting I guess
we'll just have a bite actually really
good damn they are really nice they're
actually really really good guys I'm not
gonna lie they're really nice I'm gonna
give them a 7.2 out 10 honestly why you
guys sat here watching a 14 year old fat
kid eat food on video I I don't
understand next thing we have is junior
I guess they're just mints I like mints
let's get these open I almost I love
mints so I don't see why I shouldn't
like these show you what these tastes
just like after eights if you've ever
had after eight these tastes just like
them but quite a lot smaller next here
we've got the only thing that I have
tried before I'm gonna be honest this is
a Hershey's cookie and cream bar and
I've had this before but it was quite a
long time ago so I'm gonna have it again
today um
why can't British candy be like this
actually love the ocean so much and
definitely know why I fight them before
they are incredible I'm gonna give that
an 8.5 out of 10 just because it's a
little bit similar to some other
chocolate bars I've tried before but
still Hershey's are really really good
Milk Duds another thing that I've heard
so much about
from these like trying American candy
videos I'm gonna try these what were
these bodies made with chocolate and
caramel that's all I can see so we're
just gonna get these open oh okay um
they're just like little round chocolate
things I guess I'll try one basically
just caramel with chalks around the
outside pretty standard it just tastes
like stuff I've had before to be honest
so gonna give that like a seven out of
ten again really really nice haven't had
anything today yet I haven't like I've
had stuff like that before and it
doesn't seem to like to be very unique
no go ah guys we're gonna go back and
grab another Swedish Fish Dan this looks
interesting we've got three different
bags of popping candy we're gonna start
with cherry I guess we just rip it and
then just kind of get in our mouth oh
well obviously it get in your mouth
you're eating food you in here
whoa oh my god oh my god
can you guys hear that Jesus Christ it
literally sounds like an explosion in my
mouth let me try the watermelon 100 what
went in or what went in oh my god
hoping it made no noise it's nice but
it's really really weird screw it let me
try this grape one that's nice but it's
really popping it's gonna live my floor
anyway all of those popping candies I'm
gonna give like an seven are ten I mean
they tasted nice well that's a weird
experience if you've never had
candy before try someone out but it's
like really really weird alright so
these are called whoppers and apparently
these are the original malted milk balls
so does I mean these are gonna be like
Maltesers let me let me find out whose
choice wasn't Maltesers actually really
really good I think they're probably
better than Maltesers I mean well they
are the original malted milk balls
though it would make sense but still
they're really really nice I'm a big fan
of Maltesers which is like the British
equivalent I'm pretty sure well yeah
whoppers nine out of ten they're really
really good oh no do I think we only
have one thing left in here yeah we do
we have waffle thing a nut is a a milky
way but not like an English Milky Way
this is a different one a rich dark
chocolate golden caramel vanilla no get
my god that is much nicer than the
English version that's actually a really
good way to end the video I think that's
like an eight I ten guys that's really
good definitely better than the English
version guys trust me I've just got
candy all over my desk no guys I think
my favourite bit of candy is you know
what I assume you guys know what's
coming it's got to be the Swedish Fish
I'm definitely gonna be ordering quite a
few more bags of these because these are
really good I'm still eating them now I
can't really need to stop how many
calories are in these things 200 oh not
good but that's the end of the video
guys I hope you've enjoyed even though
literally all the video was was me sat
here eating food anyways I've enjoyed
them please
leave like on the video that would mean
the world to me if we could shoot for
four thousand lives from this video
honestly that mean the world if you want
me to try a different serve candy then
tell me which can you want me to try in
the conversation below and also thank
you all so much for the support the
moment it means means it honestly means
so much of you guys they grow up on the
channel is incredible I'm having such a
good time making content for you guys
and you know being able to sit here and
just eat food in front of the camera
like that's my dream by the way guys
that's the end of the video as always
I've been mauled you've been awesome and
I'll see you in the next video peace out
