Thursday the 16th of June 2016 it's
currently 12:26 p.m. and we are on
199,000
945 YouTube subscribers I do I do not
believe it we're actually going to hit
200 thousands of SIA I don't believe it
oh my god 50 more 50 more subs just 50
more people to click that subscribe
button
yes okay 40 more oh my god 25 20 all my
video upper back 23 subs away 20 subs
away you know what we need we need a
diet cola o99 before will far away oh my
god before nope 5/5 away now who we're
gonna get shot so Mahone
oh my god one away we want some way come
on yes 200,000 oh oh no no no no nein Oh
God
the celebration has been delayed there
we go 200,000 subscribers please say
someone go screech on that I've checked
after the video yes we did it oh my god
yes I give up guys 200,000 subscribers
oh my god I'm overwhelmed eyes
incredible
I'm drinking it look slightly different
way to drink diet coke mmm
for real no guys I can't believe it I
can't believe we've just into a decay
that's incredible those incredible I
don't know what to take I'm so happy is
1237 and I may have school tomorrow may
not be the best idea to be doing this
right now but I had to stay up with it I
was not missing this moment it's almost
1 o'clock now so I need to go get some
sleep but there will be second part of
this video which will be tomorrow but
now I need to get some sleep thank you
all so much and I'll see you in the
second part of the video
this is currently 11:05 and I know I'm
recording this very late trust me guys
I've been very busy today and oh my god
it still hasn't hit me guys I'm not
gonna lie like I don't think I've quite
processed yet 200,000 subscribers anyway
this video is gonna be a little bit
different to usual normally you see like
the funny side of me the jokey side of
me today is gonna be like the more
serious side of me and it's gonna be
more like a thank you video because I
just have so much I need to speak to you
guys about and so much I need to thank
you for cameras are charge be back in a
minute guys oh there we go guys we're
back and I just want to start by saying
a massive massive massive thank you like
thank you that's just two words but
honestly guys I cannot even express how
much this means to me I'm still in
genuine shock that we are actually sat
here on 200,000 subscribers that that is
just incredible I'm not even sure what
to say guys but I'm just gonna go for
and try and express what I'm feeling
right now
obviously I just want to start by saying
an absolutely gigantic thank you to you
guys honestly I'm not joking when I say
I literally could not be here without
you guys like YouTube has always been
like my passion I've been doing YouTube
since I was 10 years old I think over my
time I've uploaded over 500 videos like
ever since I got my first laptop ever
since I got my first screen recording
software i sat there just hoping that
one day it would it would go well in one
day
I'll actually mean something and it
looks like now it's finally becoming
like a reality it really just is like a
dream coming true guys and I honestly
just W to thank for that without you
guys I would not be here today without
you guys I won't be making videos I
wouldn't even have this channel your
support is what motivates me to carry on
and honestly you guys give me so much of
it I don't even know why I'm just a
lonely little kid that sits in front of
a camera all day and records himself why
death why'd you guys even watch this now
for real though I do work really really
hard on this by don't look to my own a
few moments later as I was saying for
real though guys I do try really really
hard with this but I don't want to just
toot my own horn all video because the
reality of it is that you guys are the
reason why I'm here today
your support your comments your likes
you just viewing my videos and just
interact you with me in any way
honestly means so much even the dislikes
man as long as you're just interacting
with me you honestly helping me out and
that just means so so much of you guys
as I said it's always been one of my
dreams to just entertain people and I
started this before I've been doing it
for like four years now just before and
now it's just becoming so much more than
that and it's so hard to process one
thing I do need to say them this kind of
upsets me in a way is I've been seeing a
little bit recently over on my Twitter
and just got my conversation bit people
saying why do you always ignore me and
my why'd you never interact with your
subscribers now this is something that
really really saddens me guys because as
much as I would like to just sit here
and just reply to every single one you
guys answer your questions respond to
Chris's and respond to your feedback it
is physically impossible for me to do
without I just don't have much time to
sit there and reply to comments and like
interact with people but I try my best
honestly I try my best I was sat there
in a Skype call my friend for an hour
straight just replying to comments of
you guys and honestly I just I really
loved doing that interacting me of you
guys is amazing that's why I always
include you guys to say hi to me if you
see me out or in drive me on other
social medias but the harsh reality of
it is like I cannot respond to all of
you guys and I cannot say thank you to
all of you guys individually but what
we'll do
now say a big thank you to anybody
that's watching this video to anybody
that's up to my channel the likes my
videos that comments on my videos that
interacts with me let's say you sent me
some kind of message and I haven't
message about like I won't be doing that
intentionally guys I really really won't
but it's really hard but anyway guys
just wanted to quickly clear that up if
you've been in that situation before I
am very sorry and thank you for all of
the support but guys the place we are at
right now is just mind-blowing I feel
like I was just sat in this chair
speaking to this camera about hearing
50,000 subscribers like that I was like
yesterday it doesn't feel like that long
ago but this past few weeks has been
some of the most incredible few weeks on
my channel ever I've had my first video
hit 1 million views and that video got 2
million which is insane I've grown so
many subscribers and so many new faces
and I've been seeing so many new people
interact with mean that is just crazy
and as well as all the new people coming
onto the channel it's so amazing being
able to look at the conversation look at
my Twitter and see some of the people
that remember being on the channel from
about 2000 subs still here still
supporting me to this day and honestly
that is incredible into you guys you
know who you are
you guys are honestly you guys are the
best you mean so much to me this is just
a bit more of a calm chilled video
because like in a way I just I need to
say thank you you guys like I don't know
what I can do like I'm gonna start but a
lot more giveaways and gonna start doing
a lot more videos interacting with you
guys trust me as soon as the summer
holidays hits that is gonna be my time
to grind I'm gonna be uploading so many
videos and trying so hard I just
remember back when I was like 11 years
old recording my minecraft town let's
build series I just remember that day
I'll tell you about that day I was
actually on holiday with my dad and we
were in the hotel room I had my laptop
on my knee which was a HP Pavillion I
didn't have a mouse I didn't have
anything and even have a microphone and
I remember recording that commentary in
the hotel room with the inbuilt mic with
Camtasia trial like time flies man it
honestly flies I remember not even
getting a comment on a video and when I
got a comment on a video I'd be rapid to
check it I'd be like we all comment and
now we're getting like
nice is this insane and also one more
thing to quickly address this is my
advice to you guys it is a little bit
about hate now I'm just I'm just going
to say this in this video now because
I've been thinking this a lot in the
past few weeks and I just want to try
and help some of you guys every youtuber
will get hated for some reason and that
is because the haters will always pick
something out to hate they will always
try and put you down that's why they're
here if you are the perfect human they
will find something to knock you down
with it's what they do for me it could
be my way it could be my shitty haircut
it could be the fact that my cheeks are
always bright red it could be the fact
that I look like a 10 year old and my
voice sounds like a smoker
I don't smoke by the way guys my voice
is just like this but what you got to do
you've just got to try and block out the
hate man or just embrace it that's why I
do the only reason the hate on you is
cause they're jealous of your success
and they're jealous that you're doing
well and then want to put you down for
that but don't let them do it guys to
block them out ignore them and just
focus on you and focus on the people
that care about you which for me is tea
mugs the fact that I have impacted
people's lives a father I've had
messages from people saying like they're
going they're doing the SATs they're
doing their exams and I've been helping
them get through that the fact that me
say here in this chair in front of this
camera just being me helps people like
guys an incredible feeling man I'm
pretty sure every youtuber watching this
will agree with me when I say that
knowing that you have made an impact on
someone's life for the better is just an
incredible feeling it's honestly it's so
good you guys have told me that helped
you guys out and not only have I been
able to do that but I've helped myself
out my confidence levels have grown so
much I feel like a different person in a
way because of this I feel like I just
feel good about myself and that's
something I never really had when I was
growing up because I was never obviously
like very confident because of my
appearance and and honestly doing this
and just open up so many opportunities
it's helped me out as a person like
there's no better feeling than no
you have helped someone out and if these
videos do that for some of you guys then
I am really really happy well I think
that is where we are going to end this
video guys once again thank you all so
much
honestly it means the world to me it
means more to me than I can literally
put into words I'm still speechless guys
honestly still I'm speechless I don't
know what to say guys
boy honestly guys thank you so much you
guys mean the absolute world to me you
honestly do but guys just before the
video ends go down in the description
below and go and follow my Twitter which
is more subs and I update literally
everything on there and if you feel like
you're now in tracks with you too much
on YouTube then go over and follow my
Twitter and like towards me on there
because I honestly I reply to a lot of
people on there because I spend a lot of
time on that website but guys that's why
it's this video so thank you all so much
for watching if we can hit 5,000 lights
on this video then I will do a roast
mork's video oh gosh
but you have 5,000 likes for a real
smokes video thank you all so much for
watching and as always I've been morgues
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in the next video peace out
