she realizes she is gonna have to die
photos for 24
and if she realizes what I'm doing she
is gonna freak out now guys I'm doing a
massive giveaway right now and all you
have to do to answer is subscribe to my
channel of all my Instagram and again
already make sure you go and cut some
tortillas because the Sheffield toss top
is already sold and why are you looking
at I wasn't I wasn't I wasn't I was
looking at this dressing up Morgan
have you got anything you want to tell
me about about one well are you sure
you're a good Jim yes I'm a boy
obviously and putting on a little bit
weight recently and I need a little bit
more support if you know I mean okay
firing Jill I'm kidding the reason I'm
looking at brass is because I need to
recreate this photo and as you can see
Kara is clearly just wearing a bra I
don't know if that's some sort of
fashion thing but she's just literally
wearing a bra I have no other choice
well I have to get a bra right Oh Morgan
mom you probably ride but we have to
battle through it
what do you think Joe does it suit me I
think there may be one problem Morgan
wait what do you mean well it kind of
suits you but it's not Cara sighs that
Oh calm down okay calm down anyway
enough with the roast let's get to the
gym I'm trying to get the character over
here this is not time for laughing three
two one
we've got it mom all my clothes were in
the wash she's gone we need to hope she
doesn't realize what we're doing because
if she knows we're gonna be in big
trouble
okay so boys and girls as you can tell
there's been a location change that is
because right here this is the next
photo now it looks pretty nice pretty
standard as you can see she's in a
dinosaur costume
yes that was my costume which Kira stole
to take the photo so now I waited all
this time to get my revenge but guys
there's an obvious problem here in the
photo as you can clearly see Kira has
purple hair and I think you know where
this is going boys and girls I have to
dye my hair take this next photo Morgan
are you really gonna dye your hair for
one photo oh yes okay guys I found the
dyes mom can I just quickly test if it
works on me yeah
I'm checking out in my little mirror
you're on your own guys let's go and get
this photo more you're cut you full now
it's my turn
guys are looking forward to this
guys we lost the dinosaur costume so I
have to wear this still it's not quite
right my first one is to make just like
a surprise so oh my gosh I'm the best at
this to surprise that's good because
music needs to be a bit lower at the
front it's not quite no I see to love it
more surprised I oh I've just seen a big
furry rabbit running past oh what's that
over there
it's a pig's just flying past the window
boys and girls three two one ah yo boy
girls I think we nailed it but guys um
if you'll excuse me I'm just a girl and
any good change
Dyess I just posted the photo and Kyra
literally just commented Morgan is this
my photo if I find out it is then your
dad I think we may be in trouble John
guys this video is getting intense
already but it's time to move on to the
next photo as you can see this one I
think was just taken a few days ago Cara
looks like I don't know I think she may
be in my house she's got hair in a
ponytail seems like quite a recent photo
guys I'm joking I literally went back to
the first ever pictures on Cara's
Instagram and found this photo is
actually magnificent the pose she's
doing she doesn't know I had the clue
what part is she's are my guys I'm not
gonna lie I'm not the best at posing for
Instagram photos but I don't know what
what pose that even is so this is gonna
be a hard photo to taste but if you look
at it it looks pretty easy I don't need
to change any outfit I just need to
stick a filter on they're all good right
well how do I do that pose you know what
the practice was they know you're not
gonna be saying
I'm trying to do what she is doing Jill
I'd appreciate if you want to take the
mickey out I made you know what let's
just take the picture okay we can do
this bit more facing forward you know no
that's not hold up too much too much
yeah yeah we created one of the old
photos but when she was like 10 years
old
Morgan I was really confused now which
was the original okay boys and girls the
next photo we are retracing is this one
right here and the first thing that
jumps to mind when you look at that
photo is done this girl is a bore
literally bowled shoes bendito I don't
know how much the outfit was but it was
probably more than a thousand and
obviously if I'm gonna recreate the
photo then I need the same clothes so I
just came to the most expensive shop I
could find and guys check this out I
found this dress
it's literally almost identical but
there's one problem guys
50 pounds just for the dress skies it is
not getting any better from here I just
found the exact same coat it literally
looks almost identical but there's one
problem ha is free food pounds I
literally cannot afford this okay I'm
gonna be bankrupt by the end of this
video everybody watching this right now
you better leave a like and the final
part of the outfit the shiny gold heels
and the price is 400 pounds meaning the
grand total for this outfit is pounds
London Morgan who's Morgan I'm Kiera
Brady hi Bridget spinners
Morgan Morgan can you just stop okay
I'll just try to get into character
ready for the next picture pull my Keira
I have to also Morgan do you need the
shoes to go with the outfit oh yeah and
then maybe a little bit harder Morgan we
could always
yeah honestly
oh my gosh it's perfect
look at that side-by-side comparison
oh my god there's only one problem
Morgan what what you mean nip-slip I
never noticed that's how it happens Jill
everybody hop over to my Instagram right
now and comment nip-slip on the photo
nipple you're about to be a famous
little die your time is now you're gonna
have so many fans
okay next photo job guys I just sat down
and posted the picture of me in the
dress on Instagram as you can see you
guys are blooming luminous on like
thousands of likes in like a few minutes
it's literally been like two minutes
right I just went over to Cara's
Instagram page to see if she's posted
anything new on her page isn't going on
and I don't know if you guys know what
that means but I do it means Tara has
blocked me that she wants my Instagram I
said at the store this video if she
found out she'd be mad and it looks like
finally she's realized what I'm doing
but the challenge isn't over yet because
we still have pictures to copy I just
need to stay hidden and hope Cara
doesn't find me because if she does I'm
probably gonna get screamed at louder
than I've ever been screwed up before
okay boys and girls we're back outside
right now and it's time for the next
Instagram photo and I want to get mom's
live reaction to this one because I
don't think she's seen it and when she
does see it I don't think she's gonna be
very impressed with Kyra about this hey
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
before you do we need to pop it does
that mean that you're going to have to
wear thoughts
oh yeah I think you guys are probably
fed up of seeing my body by now
I'm working it 3 2 1
we got it here is the original pic and
here is the coffee if Kara ever notices
that she's gonna be very very humiliated
ladies and gentlemen just when you
thought this video couldn't get any more
crazy is time to move on to the final
Instagram post
hey guys no not like you weren't waiting
for this moment
fine there we go there's the photo and
as you can see Kara's looking pretty
nice uh uh how looks good in that
picture so guys there's two parts to
this photo the outfit and the location
as you can see for the out there there
isn't much outfit because she's wearing
a bikini now I'm not gonna lie guys I'm
kind of used to wearing a bikini because
I've done it so many times for these
stupid videos but I just went to
Victoria's Secret and bought the exact
same bikini Morgan I don't think that's
actually Kira's size is it
oh geez calm down Joe calm down anyway
now that we've
we need to move on to the location and
here is where it gets a little bit crazy
that photo was taken at a beach and the
nearest beach for me right now is one
hour away and the normal person wouldn't
travel one hour just to take a photo but
we're not normal on the boat
channel so let's flippin go six hours
later guys
we may have been stuck in traffic
meeting the journey with extra anyway
Jill we don't have long the Sun setting
so I guess can you just show me to the
changing room so I can get change into
my outfit changing rooms for good
what do you mean changing rooms this is
the no bro what the hell so you're
telling me I just have to change into
that here in the middle of literally in
the opener camera will do that Morgan
well Jill can you at least turn away or
something give me a lot more privacy
okay Morgan a few moments later
Morgan got around yet
you really want to
ah bill okay really we need to be quick
I actually see someone over there this
is you literally public humiliation for
me watching John oh my god okay we need
to get this picture right now guys no
more messing around but everybody
watching this right now but I promise me
that we never speak of this moment ever
again if I see one of our guys we are
not speaking about this ever
this is not we're something on a beach
where there's nobody and all of a sudden
loads of people I think a coaches just
pulled up let's go okay more good
here is where the entire video went
wrong guys Cara started blowing on my
phone with calls and texts and finally
when I arrived home she confronted me
you're not ready for this I was clear
guys I'm back from the beach all the way
home the two-hour journey I've been
getting calls and texts from Keira I
boosted the photo and the minute I
posted it she started blowing up my
phone I think it's pretty certain by now
that she knows what I'm doing but
hopefully I can just stay away from her
until the day is over and then the
challenge is done oh dear oh and can you
smell someone behind you Morgan oh dear
behind us behind you Morgan
have a nice day hope you know - huh um
nothing kara I've just been enjoying my
time with Jill we went yeah the one the
was the one that wasn't the beach the
one of a long way from the beach Kira
yeah a long way away from the beach no
one in the beach Comber Europe
McDonald's all day there huh yeah I've
been I was very hungry today kara I'm
sure you can relate to that there's
nothing going on here so that's what we
did all day you went to McDonald's yeah
what did you do that we were taking any
photos interesting because I'm I was
scrolling through Instagram oh yeah good
good of course it's a very interesting
pictures have any more Graham yes I was
just trying out a new look on my
Instagram inspired by no one as I'm sure
you all know I'm a completely original
character so I wouldn't copy anybody
that was against the rule I've done with
your eyes I know you copy people's video
ideas Morgan but copying I take it a bit
too far as a personal attack we are at
war kill I don't know what you're stupid
- Stevie fingers I go into the kitchen
this is all bogus it's not so if you
want to open my pictures then
my Instagram my channel is you know leak
in your car unless you tell everyone to
Instagram
everybody's watching this right now
don't follow the killer on a sivan a
carabiner to eight two rows even or
Morgan I still bad your pitches were
kind of good anyone good fall into your
box but not before you follow me guys
actually don't see me all the tall this
shabby old stock has fully sold out if
you live near London
this is your last chance to get tickets
before they sell out as well
moves up and slash ball link in
description please
