I'm gonna be saying yes to everything
for 24 hours
Wow do you know what yeah I'm doing this
is because you free have helped me so
much throughout my youtube career so I
thought that would be right to give back
to the three of you and let you choose
why I have to do for 24 hours selfie
football this is so exciting this is one
of those videos guys well I have no clue
what's gonna happen by the end of the
video this is the challenge video I'm
gonna do a challenge for you guys watch
it
I'm gonna give you five seconds to
subscribe to the channel unlike the
video starting now
No oh but did they do it yeah yeah they
did their that every one of them I saw I
saw okay I was watching I was watching
them all in case you guys missed it a
few weeks ago NCS challenged me to feel
unstoppable by trying something new I
mean they don't stand up at ten on my
roof and doing a 24-hour live challenge
I don't think we all remember how that
turned out oh my gosh oh my gosh just
flip me collapsed it didn't go too well
but that's why today and Jenna
challenged me to feel unstoppable again
and she is a four week summer program
for 15 to 17 year olds all about trying
new things to gain confidence me new
friends and learn new skills if you're
interested check that link in the
description below because it's and
hopefully you by the end of today I'll
have learned loads of new skills from
the challenges more Martin and Cara
setting washing cars sweeping drives
cutting grass oh my god so many so many
things we can give you to do yeah mom
those challenges sounded amazing but you
can't wait to get started yeah guys I'm
so excited for this I'm just gonna ask
Morgan to do all my job it's nothing to
say no I think the kitchen looks like it
needs a tie day let's go and find Morgan
oh there's no time for drinking water
needs a clean the floor looks dirty is
does this mess would you like to do it
yes yes I would like to clean the
kitchen
okay this is my and okay that's a good
start
oh stop I think we'll leave it at that
for now that's the biggest thing just do
yeah let's go let's do it yeah
so Morgan you going to stir and you guys
are gonna pause all need to do is go
around the kitchen and just find
anything that looks dusty and a little
bit behind the dusty things and spray
this spray on the road with this no no
for a with the polish Oh spray Woodford
girlfriend and then polish revoir yeah
Morgan I believe in you I believe I'm
telling you I do this
well earthly it's not too bad I did it
this morning
while you were all out yeah Mon you did
good you did put but find something
that's not living okay why don't walk in
now oh my gosh volcanoes of fruits no
really does not just they would PLA oh
my god this isn't very much goodbye more
can a people call that day now you can
cool don't you well
you can great you asked me he was really
dusty
enough suppose it wasn't a living thing
his head cuz his hair doesn't grow
it's doing really well I'm gonna if
there's some new skills already it seems
to be embraced in them look at your head
Charlie it's sharp its overlooks the
main same thing but I think we know what
the next test is going to be okay oh
these with some believes we've got a
school bus you don't do it well doesn't
never walks them eyes let's fit model
we'll do this please
we've got you another test to do milk
and another new skill to learn - EE Omar
got two double e's wait we have dogs
we've got Bruno Bruno Bruno
Coco Coco
so you want me to walk the dogs you can
walk the dogs before what's this for you
will find out when you take them for a
walk okay good let's do this is so great
it's just kind of learning new skills
all the time just thing Martin if he
chose this walking the dog you might
never have to
again hey no more walking dogs at Senate
locket now I might be up in the morning
7 o'clock in the morning walking the
dogs oh I can hear something upstairs
there's nobody in a few moments later
don't bring that here you don't think a
house what do you mean when I'm outside
I just took them a walk around the house
you just tell me what to walk them well
meaning you brought around the house
where did that happen
where did that happen it was a on your
bed wha when you wore the dog you got
out of Sonny's oh that makes more sense
now get me out at least you embrace the
challenge and you learning new things
guys this is going great so far learning
so many new things I'm having so much
fun so guys we've gone red day we're
gonna go out for some food we're gonna
log in to comb and you know what it
can't say no so it's definitely got to
come with us
remember come on then let's go
okay yes yes hey Morgan
yeah yeah my phone's on like 2% I'm
gonna need the charger please woman
please have charger yes I'm so proud of
him Martin very proud he's doing well
he's doing really well tonight two hours
later Morgan that was amazing thanks so
much for invites you know which food I'm
so full no no I can't believe how much
would be here Thank You Morgan you're
welcome
we wanted to invite you because we did
actually want to ask you something we
walk Morgan will you pay
yes I will pay Morgan oh yes everybody
can get I'm just loving this new Holden
well guys it's the next morning on
Morgan's 24 hour challenge Morgan is
always complaining they doesn't have
enough hours in the day to do everything
that needs to do okay so today is Bryan
early 7 a.m. in the morning and we're
going to carry on with a challenge and a
small girl if he's gonna wait cool but
we're gonna wake him up with a
difference over watch this guys it's
gonna be fun I got my old friend
sleeping beauty it's time to wake up
morning good morning Morgan Morgan can
you hear me it's nice and early
it's 7 a.m. in the morning Morgan don't
forget we're doing the trolley so I've
got a very important question to us will
you get off now Morgan please yes yes
but donate Morgan Morgan Waco Waco
as you can see motors been doing lots of
different things like they walk in the
dogs getting up early it's doing
brilliant I think you should do
something as you can see from this
photograph here you've got into physical
activities now because you start doing
some physical activity are you asking to
decide oh that's good asking come on go
online that's amazing well then
also my man just checking out some of
these new bat bikes coming soon to the
shop hey thank you pretty good those
really good oh hang on that's a bit like
apples because you're supposed to put
something in it you got summer body to
carry heavy things and yeah yeah look
share local shapes yeah structure
soldiers shoulders yes very important
arms very important oh I can see where
this is going
our defense is some physical activities
do you mean the workout our workouts
right now a proper workout no no wow you
know what wow you always underestimate
me don't you may not be yes let's go
let's go
I know charlie enough to work out salut
Wow stop it oh my god
you're sent to a little mostly man
didn't I yes I mean play why then hi as
you probably noticed I haven't set more
than any challenges today and as you can
probably hear and possibly see I'm not
feeling too great so I thought I'd get a
lot out of making him do something that
maybe he's never dipped his hosen before
I don't know say yes to new things so he
got a haircut today I mean it looks okay
but you know the whole like g-string
Stewart thing
yeah they're back but this time I
thought why not switch it up try it a
different food on his head and instead
of cheese trees
I was thinking straw be lazy because I'm
just dye his hair pink and he cause hey
anything about it hey Morgan what's up
look at this yeah you want to dye your
hair pink thank you yeah I don't know
about this well Cara so yes mmm yes
yes Cara I want to dye my hair
I'll meet you outside in like five
minutes
Morgan are you excited to dye your hair
you know at first now I should think
about it all the things that I've been
challenged to do in this video I didn't
want to do and you're getting ripped I
look clean like I don't see why I should
be nervous all I'm telling this I'm
excited
doing a magic we're gonna dye my hair
this hair Wow you know I like that job
and also if you have notice Morgan is
growing a little bit of a beard recently
oh yeah you can't just make me purple oh
hey ladies my dams are open on their
phone I needs to the link in description
they will be out in a minute
guys I need an honest opinion comment
down below if you think this is gonna be
good I'm excited you know I'm excited
guys three two whoa oh that's cool to
put that arm Wow that's majestical but
what about it well your face is kind of
looking a bit bluer you cold
huh why don't they simply move your
hands crazy
oh my god
yeah we are indeed whoa guys I'm feeling
myself right now
look at this wait is your guess we're
matching up in here boss I think there's
two people who reveal that you had to
wait what
wait wait wait Morgan you know I really
think you might be one of them okay guys
we're now in the final minute of the 24
hours oh my goodness this has been a
journey but you know what guys it's been
a really fun journey the best way to
talk to you the megaphone mom what you
think so yes try to deliver 24 hours you
know what guys when I start this
challenge I have no idea what was gonna
happen what this stuff would be and you
know doing exercise for the first time I
ended up leading for the first time and
go changing my hair trying some
different fashion it's been crazy
I even took the dogs a walk and we all
know up in there where did that happen
it was on your bed you guys do you want
me to do this again I'm gonna say you
guys a big goal if we can get 20,000
live from this video I won't just say
yes to anything from Martin and gear up
for 24 hours I'll say yes to anything
for you guys you basically get to make
me do anything you want it'll be crazy
smash your eyes and subscribe
want to say a huge thank you and a
massive shout out to mcs for challenging
me to feel unstoppable trial a bunch of
new activities say yes to everything to
give back to more marketing Kira I might
think I gave back I tried my best and
that's all you can do kids boy dad you
know this has been a whole lot for not
so much fun trying out loads and loads
of useful and if you guys are interested
in doing something different and trying
some new activities for yourself and go
check out mgs the link is in the
description below but as always guys are
the most you have pillows to the mind
I'll see you in my next video peace out
