Oh already become the I'm on the merge
may see if you want some fifa coins or
you want to open some parts then fee for
UT store is the place to be they are so
cheap and also very fast and reliable
they've been around since ki 412 so they
have one of the best reputations going
and if you want to save yourself ten
percent off your order then remember to
use code mobs at checkout yo guys it's
morgues and today we have another
forfeit foot draft video and to be
honest I am absolutely shitting myself
after the last one where I put pegs on
my face I am really really scared now
you guys really really enjoyed watching
me suffer in the last one as you can
tell the video did really well we got
over 10,000 likes which is incredible
guys and today we're gonna step up and
do an even worse forfeit today what
we're gonna do is shots of lemon juice
basically to all you guys have had lemon
juice you will know that it is extremely
bad and to you guys that have them
you're probably gonna slap me in the
comment section and call me a pussy but
before you do that go out and actually
try this stuff is absolutely vile so in
my last forfeit foot drop video you
would tell them in the comment section
that the rules were a little bit kind of
weird you know the higher the draft
should mean the lower the for favor in
the last video the higher the draft
meant the high the forfeit today is the
other way round so if we get 189 or
below draft that means we have to have
free shots of lemon juice a 190 or a 191
means two shots a 192 or a 193 means one
shot and a 194 or a 195 means no shots
and we get travel drink of water so not
long ago I found out that one-nine-five
drafts are possible 1:9 fives on our
possible it felt like yesterday that the
one known fall is possible now we've got
one nine fives
my god honestly if we can get a one nine
five I will go insane my that'd be
mental let's get into the first draft I
am honestly shitting myself hi guys here
we go with the first draft and just bear
in mind
189 or below equals free shots free
shots guys that's gonna be killer anyway
we do have the free fall free flat
formation so hopefully
get 189 Oh already forgot the I'm on the
mesh may see we've got the brand-new I'm
on the much messy guises the new card
first time I've ever had this guys 97
rated center-forward man-of-the-match no
way I'm and the much messy I cannot
believe it okay he's an obvious choice
were gonna go with him and there we go
what a start to the video right mid and
we've got the bail guys we've got the
bail Ronaldo here would be incredible Oh
Team of the Year man team of the year
oh wow okay not the best set of choices
there but still by Zeitung incredible
start to this draft my 97 messi under mm
that's pretty good actually
82 Veron I'm quite happy with that I'm
gonna move on to the defense and 83
mascherano
he's got tiem of the season so I don't
really want to go with that bye I'm
gonna have to do and then we're gonna
move on to the third centre back and you
stuffy Laporte a we're gonna go Willa
Porter but you know that's not too bad
I'll take that that's a pretty decent
defense line Oh getting 90 now that
stays perfect I kind of asked for anyone
better there's a great keeper okay here
the reserves we need a good midfield at
all Neymar Neymar we need him too so
we'll get him into the team oh no 87 is
young we haven't got a good midfielder
or a good defender except for Neymar but
it's more of a winger we do need some
good midfielders but oh oh my god
ninety-four more guys a great player for
the rate and of course midfielder please
oh my god another I'm on the match we've
got DeMaria this time 90 rated man oh my
god another incredible card what the
hell are they let's grab that dummy it
absolutely don't make no good defenders
oh it and now we get the good keepers we
don't even need the good keeper we've
already gotten us anyway the squad isn't
looking too good at the moment we go 89
rating so 119 191 is two shots which is
still bad but you know we got actually
get this to a 190 first it's not even a
189 at the moment so we need you to
spokes on getting this tyre to a 190
guys but oh god alright let's just
actually get the manager in now
hopefully we can get someone there guys
hundred chemistry we don't even get
managed it'll boost it by one screw it
first draft 189 that means free shots of
the lemon juice as in Cecil squirrely
I'm not going to fill up too much
because shots aren't exactly massive and
we're gonna have to do free of these but
I'll get a good amount in guys I'm
scared all of them cows Elise lay it in
the conversation this stuff is not nice
trust me this is not nice anyway three
two one
lazy folk dry Lemay's my throat dry oh
how can liquid make my throat dry oh my
god sobbing mom to do free of these
already
Oh Oh my throat man fucking food unn
final shot Cheers
ah anyway time to move on now to the
next draft and hopefully we don't get a
shitty one eight nine okay here we go
second draft my throat is absolutely
Robin and we got free for free again we
got free for free again
captain's 95 messy is definitely the
best option there we'll go with him and
come with for once get a good striker no
no I mean he's a pudding don't no no
he's an I'm under much but we don't want
that we don't want the Hat to fee we're
gonna go over 85 hurricane because
there's a lot better versions of Mullah
anyway left wing now we need a ronaldo
there we go 98 an hour you can't much
better than that guys midfield now oh
push on each 91 I'm sorry I know we got
Gomez there but you can't turn down a
page on each night one rated next
position that is bad fella in because
he's Spanish you can get links with him
but silver getting new one okay bail
thank God for bail we're just gonna go
without bail we need some BBVA players
right DeMaria or rebound that a star BD
Murray you can't get an 80 rate over 94
oh don't make me do this again don't
make me do a frickin free shots again
man are you kidding me okay 90 Benzema
is a good start there's a very very good
start but still it's not looking good
guys it's honestly not Endor we did get
VB Vicki but to be fair we could get one
who care out of this but it's not gonna
be a very hard team I don't think anyway
how about we put him there obviously
kind of playing on the left are the
team's only 87 rated you know what screw
it three more shots
Oh sod it
oh my god I can't wimp out of this
I'm glad to keep going uh you have to
keep going honestly you guys must be sat
there now either thinking one of two
things
mobs this is funny seeing you suffer or
two why am i sat here watching a 14 year
old kid cry over lemon juice ma'am third
one now let's do it man hey fucking
Birds
we felt birds live look II said oh my
god
already now I'm just gonna get ripped to
shreds in the comment section for you
guys you go out there and drink like a
full bottle of lemon juice and then
we'll see who's fucking laughing oh no
okay we're gonna go for free one two oh
yes okay okay okay 97 messy face into
the cam position okay 95 Benzema okay
this is turning around a bit Suarez nah
no Suarez anyway 95 Ben's about 97 messy
that has just turned the mood around a
lot need some good midfielders though oh
yes but know that I'm under match Cruz
this time we're gonna get with Cruz see
there's much better versions of golden
there's a 95 and do we go with him or do
we go with Mateo we're gonna go with
Mateo that could have been a risk guys
that could have been a risk okay now
it's time for the reserves and we do
need a few more good players and that is
a terrible start ideally we need some
midfielders need we need to give
everything to be honest without fail
Neymar all Ronaldo so there is still a
lot of room for improvement to be honest
the squad isn't amazing 9300 and our
scheme is got to be here mustn't it but
we just a few more players 90 DeMaria
that helps a lot and now Kison any extra
mod rich
no we need any ester or mod rich
ballerina okay no just please don't be
another 189 a few moments later I think
we've gathered the fact now that this is
not gonna be a 190 boys even going to be
a 189
just for the spirit it's noisy it's
noisy oh my god
good stay focused Oh can't wait for all
the memes to come in through on Twitter
of this not briefly guys one more draft
can we just get a one ninety please or
just anything I mean if we got one
ninety that's only two shots which is
still bad but at least is something 95
messy you know I'm obviously gonna go
with him but it's not the best start we
need a good striker yes yes yes finally
okay we're gonna go 93 Bale in fact is
that bad choice I'm gonna have to go
bail I can't pick anyone else of them
bail look at his card man look at that
God anyway we need her and Aldo here
see that's the problem we don't get
plays when we need them we needed the
Rinaldo or at least the Neymar there we
careful 95 in yes it's about time we got
a good midfielder okay at least we've
got a beauty very keeper it is not the
team of the season one but I'll take it
I'm gonna do the final midfields but now
we need something good here fan out
okay Bennett is good look so that's the
squad complete okay a rayon 80 chemistry
it's a terrible sport right this good
part but it's a pretty bad squad oh yes
9700 I did not notice that somehow okay
getting the team guys improved a lot
that is improved it a lot okay come on
casimiro but we're gonna have to go
nanny because we've already got to be VA
midfielders I hope we can get one more
anyway Miranda there is probably the
best option we just need a few more good
players 90 grain good for rayon but not
for the squad yes yes 96 Neymar straight
into the midfield ops the chemistry
brilliant okay this is looking like we
could get 190 which means two shots
better than free shots he got think of
the positives we go carvajal there's not
that high rated but we do need to think
about the chemistry because it's not
that high at the moment yes coupe yes oh
my god okay
okay now we are talking now we're
talking over he goes in this squad is
very high rated to be honest this could
be really good but just as I say that
you go and give me Ashley Cole we've got
74 I did not know so 74 for 85 years 190
oh my god I'm not even that Hydra bout
the 190 I'm just hype that we love to do
free lemon shots I mean two is bad but
you know I'd much rather do to them free
guys you gotta think of the positive if
it's alright that's it guys we've got
the 190 let's get the manager in I'm not
to gust about the 190 it's just the fact
that we have to do free money honestly
is a game changer there we go 190 now
let's do these lemon shots and let's
just try and think about the positives
we're only doing two we're not doing
free okay okay okay that wasn't too bad
yes we did it we did it guys oh my god
oh oh yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
yes mmm so if you have enjoyed this
video then please hit the light born
April can shoot for 3,000 lives for all
of that suffering then that would be
good guys if you're on another 450 per
then feel free to leave any suggestions
for what you want to see and also leave
a comment down below in the comments
right now saying what your highest rated
draft is if you've got 193 194 if you've
got the 195 I know there's probably
gonna be a few of you guys that made a
high whatever guys just leave your best
draft down then mine is a 191 somehow
I'm the 190 Riya I've done a lot just
but somehow I haven't got the 192 anyway
as I said if you have enjoyed them leave
a like thank you all so so much for
support the mobile guys the Grove is
it's honestly been mind-blowing it's
been incredible and it really means
watch me and I do really mean it when I
say that guys also guys go for my
Twitter which is at Morgan site they
basically everything on there you don't
want to miss out on some of the stops on
there also add my snapchat which is
again more substance because I do they
loot lace on there and again you don't
want to miss him but as always I've been
morgues you guys been awesome and I'll
see you
in the next video peace out
