Siri what's the weather today okay
here's the weather for today 24 degrees
oh my god oh that's quite hard to be
honest oh you know what still feel too
hot guys
Oh common Oh I'm holding up think it's
about time we actually start the video
if you want some fifa coins or you want
to open some parts then FIFA UT store is
the place to be they are so cheap and
also very fast and reliable they've been
around since FIFA 12 so they have one of
the best reputations going and if you
want to save yourself
10% off your order then remember to use
code mobs at checkout right well that
was a pretty weird way to start this
video but anyway yo guys it's malls and
today we have a FIFA 17 video and in
this video I'm gonna be talking to you
guys about basically everything we know
about FIFA 17 and then I'm also going to
be showing you guys some possible
designs from some designers of the menus
and also the card so in this video we're
just going to be talking about fever 17
so the first thing I thought I would do
is watch the brand new FIFA 17 reveal
trailer now this came out and two days
ago now and I did see muscle box a few
YouTube's doing reaction videos to this
trailer I didn't actually watch them
because they don't want to spoil it and
yeah we may as well start this video off
with a reaction to the trailer and guys
and let's just hope finebros don't see
this video or i may get in a bit of
bother people say football never changes
did it dude so we've got the old retro
FIFA
we see it differently Oh FIFA 17 Marty L
has hold er hold er hold on hazard I
don't understand I literally don't
understand why this has a white hazard
there anyway let's just watch more this
Rodrigues football has changed what are
they wearing
more they were oh I don't understand
Weiss has not been shown so that's
literally it like 45 seconds by anyway
what can we learn from that and they've
got frostbite which should be quite good
and we can also learn the EA are
absolute retards why would you put
hazard in a trailer he's had one of his
worst seasons ever if not his worst
season ever then one of the little fad
now guys is the brand new FIFA 17 cover
now this is actually confirmed this is
like ninety nine point nine nine seven
three two percent confirmed and this is
just another thing which pisses me off
like the actual design of it is very
nice like I think the designs nice with
the four separate players but I just
don't see why they've highlighted hazard
is one of the four main plays in the
game but I do really really like the
actual design of it it looks clean it
looks nice and you know it's only a
small thing but I like it anyway what
I'm gonna do now is move on and take a
look at some work by some designers now
all of the designers will be in the
description below if you check the
description right now you'll see a lot
of links and they will take you to all
of the designers profiles and basically
we're going to start off with some card
designs so there we go this is the first
card design and this one is made by
Robert Enke graphics and it's not and as
I said there'll be a link to them in
description below but this one is
probably my favorite one and I thought
I'd start with one of the best ones in
my opinion now I can actually see EA
using something very similar to this
because I can't really see them changing
up the card like shape massively and the
shape is very similar to the cards on
FIFA 16 on that one and I could just see
them stick into a car design a bit
similar to that but what makes this card
design quite unique is the
icons now as you can see you've got
something on there which means you can
set the card as a favorite I believe and
what this will do is prevent you from
accidentally just garden players and
this in my in my opinion this is
actually a really good idea because it
has happened to me before I've done it
before and I just think being able to
select a cards as your favorites would
help a lot when actually building squads
stopping to discard them and also you've
got this shirt number and if it's a
captain but yeah this card design I
really like but what we are going to do
now is move on to the second card design
and this one is by killer designs now I
I'm actually quite a big fan this one
this one is a little bit different shape
as you can see there's not anything like
points on the top this is kind of
rounded at the top I do actually like
that quite a lot and then also on the
card you can see the shirt number and
the number of goals which the player has
actually scored now in my opinion
there's a great feature I don't know why
they haven't done that yet just a little
mark on the card which would show you
how many goals the cars actually scored
because then that would stop you having
to obviously click the botton and check
its records you would just be able to
see on the card and then as you can see
you've got the hero magma match team of
season Gold team of the year and then
you've also got the inform cards so yet
again I do like this design and my
favorite card actual special card on the
screen right now would probably be the
team of the season one I really like
that so the next one here is by Joe
designs and this is a rare gold concept
card you don't have the other variations
but now I can see EA doing something
very very similar to this one this seems
like something that if they Twitter out
I wouldn't be surprised they're they I
just think this is something that I can
see them doing I think I didn't leap
layer number and the amount goals like
killer designs did would be a good
feature but to be honest I cannot see EA
actually doing it because they don't
usually try much different things from
FIFA to FIFA this one doesn't have
either of those this is just the
standard stuff and to be honest it's
very effective and I do like it and then
here we have 1 by CS designs now this
one is extremely unique this one is
changing of a lot a completely different
shape well kind of similar shape well
this one is very different and to be
honest I really like this this could be
one of my favorite ones because it's
just very unique like if I saw EA tweet
out I'd be like whoa I'd be like that is
awesome because you just you don't
expect
eh ever do anything like that but
honestly EA changes up the card
down in the shape like this I would be
over the moon because I really really do
like that but do I think ei will make
them like this probably not but for a
concept design this one is brilliant and
then here we have the final card design
and this one is by Bryce E and this one
again I can see EI doing something very
similar to this now this is sticking
kind of to the shape but this one is
changing up the background and also
changed of quite a few different things
I am I really just think this is one of
the best ones out there because this one
is just very clean one other thing I do
like about this is how behind the actual
player stats it goes slightly darker now
that's just something that I really like
I don't know if some of you guys may not
even be able to tell but for me that is
just very very nice and that adds
something a little bit different but
yeah I can't see EI doing a car design
similar to this because it's quite
similar to the FIFA 16 cards but there's
also a few things changed and to me it
looks a lot nicer in the FIFA 16 cards
but yeah guys that's actually all of
these FIFA 17 card designs out the way
now we're going to move on to a few menu
designs so here we have a FIFA 17
interface and this is actually of the
home screen and as you can see it's
fairly similar to the last home screen
but the calls are a lot different and
there's also a few different features
now this one's made by graphic hunters
and I'm a really big fan of this one it
gets the job done and it's very nice I'm
a big fan of the color blue so yeah I
really do like this one and one thing I
do like is on the pro clubs part you can
actually see your overall you can see
your players name and you can see a few
different things like your attack
midfield on defense I'm a big fan of
that I'm pretty sure that's not already
on the FIFA 16 menu but anyway and then
also on your ultimate team you can see
your full squads you can see a watchlist
you can load up your career and I can
again see EA doing something very
similar to this to be honest and then
here we have the second menu design and
this is again the home menu and this one
to me is really really good now this one
has actually added a few more things you
can see a kit maker right at the end now
I don't see why EA don't just add the
freaking kit maker I think that'd be so
awesome to be able to make your own kit
run around in it use it in Ultimate Team
one of the reasons I think EA may have
not added this yet is because you could
actually like draw and your can you
could draw like dicks on your kitchen is
that really around the match with a big
dick on your kit I know it's a pretty
weird thing to say but there's people
out there that would genuinely do that I
guess you could always just choose like
lines stripes you guys like
circles to end stuff and actually just
created friend for my different shapes
and stuff and colors I think that would
be really good and then also on here
you've got stadium matchday live
customized online and then home on the
home screen I really like that because
you can see my pro you can see its
overall rating obviously there's 89 you
and yeah there's also Spotify at the end
as well which I do notice I maliciously
just know is that out now but yeah
that's a very nice menu designed by
swifty but yeah that's actually all the
concepts done now all of the designers
links will be in the description below
go check them all out they all are very
very good designers but yeah what we're
gonna do now is I'm actually gonna talk
to you guys about some of the features I
think should be in FIFA 17 but before
that I'm gonna grab a bottle of water
because I am literally boiling well I
have to shut my windows when I'm doing
videos because obviously my neighbors
are right next door there's people
outside I don't want them to just hear
me like shouting and stuff and honestly
guys I just really need to open my
windows it's just too hot so the first
thing I would like added to FIFA 17
ultimate team is trade offer please
please do bring this back like alfalfa
in bag I will beg hey just bring back
the damn trade offer like when you think
back to when trade offer was a thing it
was just so much better guys deeper was
just so much better with the trade off
it made it easier it made it better and
literally just just please bring it back
second thing is one that just won't
happen but I will say get rid of price
ranges they've done some good but I'd
say they've done more bad than good and
then another thing I would really really
like to be added is obviously the kit
make I talked about it honest with these
concept design but I would really just
like to see kit designer at it because I
just think it's something that they
could add really really easily and it
wouldn't really mean anything but
there's just a few things probably
stopping them from adding it in and then
another thing which just needs to be
added like I'm not even going to talk
about this I'm just literally gonna say
this needs to be added on line career
mode yay
make it happen please another thing I'd
like to see added but I just no it won't
because EA are really really stingy is
some sort of thing where they look but
they could like give you a free draft
every week or every two weeks or even
just every month but you know this EA
they're very stingy
again probably probably not gonna happen
another thing remember that slot machine
game mode I'm sure you'll have seen a
youtuber do it at some point if they
could actually add something like that
legit into the game where's like a slot
machine you can enter with coins and
then you get a certain amount of players
I think that could be effective and it'd
be a major major thing a brand new game
mode so kind of see them adding it no
you don't want them tried it they
definitely yes and then this one is
really really really really really
really small I would just like to see
you be able to pass to a teammate from a
penalty I'll actually highlight in those
something but I just think that would be
such a good idea like you could pass it
to a teammate spluttered I just I just
think that would be really really cool
for again it's just a small thing it'd
take them like five minutes right into
the game but will they do it again
again probably not this is what I'd like
to see them add to Ultimate Team now
what I'd like to see them do is actually
give you like an 85 rated + or just a
good untradable player at the star fee
for when you get the game and then that
player you can't do anything with it but
it is yours and you can use it or what
they could actually do is give you
either Marty Al hazard Rodriguez or
Royce obviously they're 4 main players
and you can they could give you one of
them as an only tradable player to keep
throughout the game and now the final
thing I would like to see in FIFA 17 is
a stadium crater now I'm not sure how
this would work this is probably quite a
big thing to add into the game but if
you could actually create your own
stadium like I'm not talking like build
it block by block like it's Minecraft
I'm talking like you could pick a stand
there maybe mix and match different
stand types get like a grandstand
grandstand and then to like public
stands I could just see that being
really really funny anyway guys that is
it for this FIFA 17 kind of round up
video and what I want you to do guys is
leave a comment of any other features
you would like to see in FIFA 17 if
there's something I've missed
tell me in the comment section below and
if you guys are scroll for the comments
and see something you agree with
hit like comment with a thumbs-up so
then I can see them and yeah let me know
your opinions on all the menu designs
and the card designs I've featured and
also tell me which one you think is your
favorite and
you're just excited for FIFA 17 in
general for me I'm getting very very
excited guys it's only a few months away
obviously the trailers hit now will the
teaser trailer has and I'm just overall
really excited but that is about it for
the speed 417 video if we could hit 3000
lives from this video that I'd be insane
but as always I've been morgues you guys
been awesome and I'll see you in the
next video peace out
