Oh youtubers life here we go again right
so today we have part two of my
youtubers life series and I said in the
first episode four thousand likes and
I'll do part two and we didn't only get
that we got like over five thousand guys
oh my god so I think it's pretty clear
to see that you guys are enjoying this
series so here we have part two so we've
currently got 2500 subscribers not too
bad we're gonna make a video that we're
gonna make another FIFA 16 video or
should I say guerrillas soccer - video
we still haven't unlocked anything
except for gameplay so we're gonna have
to do that low resolution as you do we
got no filter on the microphone I'm on a
directional hmm what should we title
this one you know I would do a strip
FIFA but I don't speak to girls that's
never gonna happen so the game is
loading the best thing to do is wave
hello my movie recording may have just
stopped automatically I'm not really
sure why anyway interactive loading
screen oh no it can't live down sick
okay it's just countered me down loading
screen we're gonna do am unfunny common
is that literally all the video is wow
oh my god I mean I'd like to class
myself with quite good editor but on
this game you know it's not the same
case interest 39 content 73 video
quality 26 editing 24 - new records
guys's strip fevers turned out very well
oh I'm actually very first two guys and
we have a cheeky drink why the hell not
nice nice video is off okay this video
is doing very well we've got 100 views
only mid-nineteen p very good start
there's an option here to promote the
video and I haven't done that yet so I'm
gonna do that I'm gonna spread the word
for 15 dollars that could be a bad
decision but we want this trip FIFA to
do well guys I'm not gonna lie okay
let's read some of these comments people
seem to be enjoying it as you can see we
got free thumbs up we got oh hi this
person is a YouTube I'm Batman or
flatten we've got that exact same
comment in the last video seems very
Coen
Angell if you ask me you look tired I
think that's just my face to be honest I
mean I'm not exactly attractive that
could be the problem but guys there's
nothing I can really do about I give me
a break the school called and told me
you've missed a lot of classes this week
leave the computer alone and study I'm
actually gonna study now guys because
she's forcing me to oh god now I'm
starving I'm literally starving I need
to eat I need to eat I need to eat even
on this game I'm always hungry I mean
I'm always hungry in real life even on
this game I'm always hungry
oh god Oliver do my own videos just fire
shots at myself mmm this is actually
quite confusing I don't really know how
this works you even get networks oh my
god this is just very very very
confusing okay well not focus on that
stuff for now I don't think we're quite
there yet oh no I'm losing subscribers
I'm losing subscribers okay make another
video we'll do it quick come on we'll
pull you up okay what Barbara will do
this cuz this one did well this is my
most popular video on this game gonna do
a gameplay video here we go buddy all
the usual low resolution crap we're
gonna continue why should we tie all
this hmm I can't think of a title guys
I'm not gonna lie I actually can't think
of a title you start recording we've got
a wave hello that should be good I've
actually only just noticed that the
symbol there matches up to this one so
you know that's kind of giving us a hint
of what to choose here I believe I'm
really stupid see I didn't know that I
leveled up all these matchups so I'm
gonna go with singing comment and yeah I
think that's the video done and then now
underneath since they're both orange
does that improve it I don't know guys
tell me in the comment section anything
if I'm doing it wrong because I'm a real
new for this game so yeah anything helps
we have the title there oh she's very
confusion okay I believe that's the best
we can do so we're gonna get the hope
see what the scores come back as we got
one new record two new records so I
think this video is going in the right
direction
what's up mods we have to have a party
tonight I'm sure you need to have some
fun right come on we're going to have a
blast party would you like to come with
me no I need to focus on YouTube yes
correct
oh my god I didn't know
if this was a thing so there's me I can
move around I've got four minutes I've
literally only got four minutes dance
ask for a date
talk burped hog give a gift see profile
I didn't know any of this was the thing
what the hell oh no am i doing fucking
Gangnam style you know what screw this
party we need to focus on the YouTuber
life there's a clothing shop I really
really don't care get me out of this
apparently if we go on to work we can
earn money so what I'm gonna do is wash
cars for four hours I learned $20 you
know cuz why the hell not oh shit I
failed oh now I failed oh that's not
good my mom is not gonna be out with me
No get off my computer get off the vent
you almost passed the test Percy is
still failing grades from taking your
computer away you focus too much on your
videos and too little time on study oh
my god she's told my computer she's put
it back this game is so confusing my
boys going on
okay he's offering me $96 to make a
video so screw it I'm down for that I
need to do now though is sleep because
my character looks absolutely dead case
we just had a cheeky sleep and now we've
got that bar full I think we're gonna go
make a new video now because someone has
send me a game to play
here we go gonna do a live box opening
in the room broken words okay let's get
this game recorded why the hell not full
star gaming it seems like this quite a
bit of hype around it so hopefully this
will do well we still have none of these
unlocked yet what's going on
can we board of all these gameplay
videos man I have the spider do I have
to say much else oh oh
if poison in one fight oh I'm an
excellent fight okay so wave hello now
what we're gonna do is a singing comment
because that matches up apparently I
don't know what I'm doing
first game learning how to play singing
comment again that matches up this makes
no sense and then it I solved a puzzle
happy expression
okay let's wipe that in there wipe that
in there and then wipe that in there and
then put that in this heading does not
look good guys I'm not gonna lie this is
not looking like good bit of edit in
this there we go I process that they
aren't even now interest 64% content 71
video quality 73 and editing 75 damn
done nice step it up a lot do you want
to chat Mara
oh excuse me
no thank you please go away this just
isn't quite the ultimate gaming setup so
what I'm gonna do is get something you
got eight to seven dollars so you know
quite loaded on that YouTube revenue for
this videos taking so long to upload Oh
finally oh my god is actually a load of
Jesus Christ are talking while ha if
this person is a youtuber I'm Batman
awful editing third time have you seen
that exact same comment from three
different people I think something
scripted here guys I've got to say Jesus
Christ to be fey has already got like
700 views nine hundred buddy one
thousand guys this video is doing very
well I'm a 3122 subscribers guys bloody
hell okay now I think it's time to grade
the ultimate gaming setup we've got 183
dollars what I'm gonna get here is um
mmm not too sure actually what I'm gonna
get is a 21 inch full HD monitor for 150
dollars why the hell not guys and as you
can see I'm starving again so I'm gonna
eat some food in fact talking to be in
food I hardly could really use some food
right now then again when do I ever not
want food I mean just look at me it's
not hard to tell
you didn't come with me to the
convention anyway I wanted to ask you
would you like to be my roommate this
apartment has a bigger room that'll suit
your youtube tasks better
hell yeah that sounds actually really
good you have to pay two months rent in
advance to enter the apartment that's
160 dollars when you have them get ready
and we're moving together oh I'll just
spend all my money on the monitor and
now she asked me to move in you bitch
well guys we've got a package I think
that might be my mono let me open it in
check there we go oh damn look at that
mono guys I'm stepping up my game why
she telling me off this time you've
studied all this nothing this week I
hope the next week is bad shut up I'm
being used to shuttle I'm gonna eat then
I'm gonna study then I'm gonna work okay
so we're gonna be a shoe-shiner four
hours twenty dollars let's do this all
right well from doing all that shit now
we need to sleep so let's do that and
then can we actually make a video all
I've done today is eat sleep but he's
studying all that I haven't even made a
video so we need to sleep then make a
video why the helmet taking this so
seriously guys it's not even real anyway
guys choose game I'm gonna do another
freakin video on that game I got sent
because that one absolutely bang views
gameplay start video can we actually
improve any of this I'm fed up of
recording and putting low resolution
it's so bad title what should we call
this one
oh the spider it poison it one fight oh
I'm an ex
by the creepers and zombies other moms
of the night spiders gave you some
string
okay guys it's time for a minecraft
let's play and don't ask where I got
this it was in my PO Box right I did not
buy this anyway minecraft letsplay time
to think people actually buy these huts
and like wear them out freakin baffles
me oh god is coming down it's coming
down and copyright clip now I can't use
copyright Oh God
funny comment oh she's this guy's game
tutorial murderous look time doing
murders look in this heart summary of
the game funny comment you solved a
puzzle happy expression does not even
have the ice just plain creepy anyway
that's the video done let's get this
edited now I believe if we put that down
like that okay so I'm starting to
actually understand the editing part of
this I believe you have to like match up
these er lines so that they match up
correctly so if we put that there
that matches up that kind of matches up
like that and then yeah I think that's
the best we can do if we process oh no
shit we've got like the effects we've
got tried the effects now I believe that
is the correct editing I'm not massively
sure if we click process we'll see by
the editing and the video quality okay
editing 89 video quality 15 I don't know
what happened with the quality but the
editing was 89 where the fuck am I still
wearing this Hut guys oh that was
probably so cringe but I don't even care
all my videos are cringe let's be honest
no ways the PC actually malfunction and
again for God's sake that's another $20
down the drain $55 we just do not seem
to be making any progress here and the
money side of things on the YouTube side
of thing we've dropped below 4k now
we're at 3900 guys
oh god when we're not doing we're not
doing well are we who edited this video
hahahahahaha it's so bad but that was my
heist that was my highest editing point
ever how does that make any sense if you
don't know how to record videos properly
you shouldn't be a youtuber that's how
it is
five-o just do you buy you buy gold god
go away task complete I don't know what
task it was complete but oh well okay so
we got another package let's open this
live box opening
league of giants i think someone sent me
this game to do a video on so no messing
about we're going to get straight into
this the hype is dying down which isn't
a good sign but we're gonna do a
gameplay video because that's literally
all we can do we're going to continue
here and name this god you know what
let's actually just name this league of
giants gameplay 1 and see if that makes
it any better
no Minecraft Let's Plays no strip fevers
okay you start recording we'll do a
funny greeting game intro scene we'll do
a funny comment oh that's it that's
that's that editing done apparently
that's the video done this is probably
going to be like my worst video yet look
at the editing it doesn't look very good
anyway we'll process that we got content
170 video quality 15 and editing 22 so
that is actually very very bad just like
my social life but anyway let's publish
this video and get it all do you want to
chat Mara I've said no once go away Mara
the school called me and told me you've
missed a lot of classes this week leave
the computer alone and study
she's very annoying alright guys my
camera may or may not have just died but
anyway we got a new batch in it now we
should be fine so let's check how this
video is done league of Giants gameplay
it's got like three thousand views
already
we're almost at 5k subs we're gonna look
at the comments oh it's not it's not
lying to see them oh damn look at the
money look at the money guys we've gone
of money to move in with that gal oh my
god guys we've got a brand new apartment
let's move their whole it feels like
Christmas guys we're moving to a new
apartment except for Christmas all I got
was coal because Santa doesn't really
like me oh my God look at this room this
is actually very very nice Oh open your
fridge eat a sandwich I've got my own
fridge guys wow man this is so cool
flies just come into my room and that's
very very irritating soft drink 1:52 me
that looks like Diet Coke so that's what
we're gonna buy right now a to be honest
ourselves actually looking pretty cool
guys what we're gonna do now is sleep
though because this guy has been not
good
for like a day so screwing with me we
really need to go Abed so this is my
roommate apparently she can just walk in
and do whatever she wants
that may be a bit annoying boy well goal
get 50k subscribers
well technically we've already done that
but oh well oh pretty old Diet Coke man
are so disgusting oh you know why Oh
sick my camera is about to die again
really again alright guys my second
battery just died by far my third one
the show must go on let's continue play
in this game I've come one person go
through free batteries in one video
oh god I'm losing subscribers again it
looks like it's time for a new video
all the hives dying down for these
videos I don't know what to upload I'm
gonna upload broken words I don't really
know why phase versus optic 2017 should
get a lot of views and that means more
subscribers Oh am I even doing anyway
you start recording we're gonna go funny
greeting that gets us quite a bit of
stuff actually and you won the game with
three units in under one minute
murderous law anyway game tutorial happy
expression there we go
fourth clip now I'm them you overcame an
easy challenge happy expression anyway
next let's get this video edited if we
put that there
we can then put that there then that
there then that there or wait oh dies it
dies the perfect editing no Reds there
we've got a lot of greens dies like very
good I believe if we go process the
editing here should be very high oho 151
new record boys swear down if we get a
comment on this video of people saying
the editing but I will literally I'll
get very angry do you want to chat Asia
leave me alone we still haven't hit 5 K
subs yet that isn't good I really want
to hit 5 K all God famous up to 2017 so
let me quickly see these comments ok
that's pretty good response no one
complained about editing so I'm quite
happy with that anyway we don't seem to
be getting that many views on these
videos and
I think it's time we get a new game so
how do we do this again oh yeah amazing
on okay we're gonna get this game here
full star upon hype $12.99 oh no I
couldn't afford the bills this month and
I was in debt Oh brilliant open this box
let's get this game and let's do a video
on it because I only want to get some
subs and we don't seem to be grown at
all at the moment again why am I taking
this so seriously run I'm so sad okay so
I'm loading game we're gonna go of a
dancing greeting dancing greeting who
even does that man professional comment
on the easy challenge part third clip
now is interactive loading screen so
we're going to go for a funny comment
because that matches up should goes up I
don't know this this thing I think I'm
doing it right guys tell me in the
conversation if I've been doing this all
wrong anyway let's try and get this
edited hmm I think that's better we're
going to leave it like that then add the
title the grade core I'm soft focus why
the hell not let's let's process this
content 156 video quality 87 editing 78
not - but I'm - 62 dollars oh my god
what a nightmare I didn't even know you
could get - in money huh dear me
okay the videos up see comments I can't
believe that this self-proclaimed
YouTube is this bad editing what else do
I do well Stu I do guys these people are
just not liking my editing are they for
god sake Maura that must be the 17th
time you've asked me to chat No
can you not take the hint I've literally
clicked now about five times and just a
hollows anyway and this video is doing
very well oh my god I've just noticed
that we hit 5k we hit 5k sobs and I
didn't even notice how brilliant okay so
this entire episode is leading up to 5k
sobs then when we get it I literally
didn't even notice how pleasant
meanwhile this video is doing very good
we've already made $10 hope living
yourselves a little bit out of debt
because that's very annoying what I'm
gonna do now is actually go and work
because we really really do need some
money guys I'm gonna do a shoe-shiner
once again wait if I'm not
if I'm at my flat then how come I'm on
take my computer away I'm just gonna
keep working guys till we pay off this
debt how am I losing subscribers it's
literally been a day since I've uploaded
Jesus Christ
okay one more video then we're gonna
call an episode because I've about it
like I think five videos this episode
like Jesus Christ these people just want
videos I everyday I mean I'm sorry Paul
nobody consistent anyway intro with logo
that's something you gotta get the logo
on the screen now stepping up a bit
interactive loading screen we're going
to do a serious comment you know what
why the hell not next clip loading
screen with advice we'll do a nother
serious comment and I guess that makes
sense if you give some advice probably
not the best idea to do in a funny way
and now a summary of the game is not let
me select anything let's go next now in
editing 168 content 51 quality and 94
editing for the final video of the
episode I guess that's not too bad
anyway let's publish this video and
hopefully this stops us losing
subscribers why is this girl just
constantly coming in and using my
computer like get your own oh okay the
video is up it's doing actually quite
well let's see the comments and I can't
believe this self will claim you to do
these comments even change Madison
that's for you anyway guys 6000 411
subscribers 50 1000 views not too bad I
guess we've made good progress since the
first episode and there we go I guess
that's it of this game I mean if you
want more of it than leave a like on the
video 4000 like on the first episode and
I will upload part 3 part 3 this is part
2 so yep are free oh I'm so stupid so we
have 4000 likes and I will work part 3
thank you all so much for watching him
if you are an expert on this game then
just leave me some advice in the comment
section because I don't know if you can
tell but I am not very good at it I've
made quite a few mistakes so far anyway
I guess that's about it so as always
I've been morgues you guys been awesome
and I'll see you in the next video peace
Gold out
