am I always so read literally every damn
video I'm bright red well I just got
back from stealing my mom's peg basket
because today we are doing forfeit foot
draft if you want some fifa coins or you
want to open some packs then feed for UT
store is the place to be they are so
cheap and also very fast and reliable
they've been around since P 4:12 so they
have one of the best reputations going
and if you want to save yourself ten
percent off your order then remember to
use code morgues at checkout yo guys
it's morg
and today we are doing a forfeit full
draft video if you haven't gathered
already we're gonna be doing it with
these pegs so basically today what we
will be doing is a pretty unique idea
don't you've ever seen that's been done
before but the idea is if I get one 90
foot draft I put one peg on my face 1/9
one foot draft I put two pegs on my face
1 9 2 foot draft free pegs one 9 free
foot draft 4 pegs and 1 9 4 foot draft
if that's even possible I'll put like 20
pegs on my face why the hell not so I'm
not exactly looking forward to this but
I guess we'll just get started with the
first draft hoo-hah then I guess it's
time for the first draft now as I said
190 equals 1 peg 192 equals 2 pegs I'm
just I'm soo so just not looking forward
to this guy's ok formations we've got
freefall 1 2 pretty decent formation
captain's can we get Ronaldo or Messi
what the literally there's noise no
Nardo or Messi they are the worst
captain options I think I've ever seen
we're going to go low and down ski but
honestly what a terrible start of this
draft 99 messy though is the best player
we could get in our position I'm happy
with that can we get 99 Ronaldo as well
no but 96 named our team of the year no
season team of the season that's a
pretty good card if we could get any
extra our mod rich
there we go 93 moderates this Jeff is
looking like it could be a good one
except those non rares which is
definitely not going to help the team
we're gonna move down to the defense
coming up someone big here oh Jesus
there are some good-looking choices
though I don't really know which one to
go for they all look like good players
but none of them are BBVA so I'm
going to go to the highest rated one
which happens to be Thiago Silva okay
then what we got in this position can we
get someone BBVA there we go we got Pepe
not a bad option
can we get Ramos or something big there
we go pk there we go that's the full
team completed and already it's a 90
rate and so looks like that would be one
peg moving along here 97 Ronaldo holy
shit
the last option I only just noticed him
see I think the thing we need is a
striker because obviously we have a
striker also bail would be nice there we
go there's bail we've also got 95 hulks
so that's a pretty tricky choice gonna
go 95 hold that could have been a bad
decision guys go and admit it now but
you know I'm all about taking the risks
hopefully we can get bail here no we
can't though 85 Griezmann we're going to
have to go with him because we do need a
BBVA striker it's not the highest rated
one but who cares we just have to go
with them and there we go 89 Bale guys
this is shaping together very very well
we just need a few more BBVA players
oh no we've got 190 already that means
one peg there we go that's ordered so
it's a 190 draft so what that means is
the first peg of the day this one looks
pretty mean I'm not gonna live we're
gonna put that on the ear ah that
actually hurt a lot more than around the
lobe lashley oh it's a lot more than
you'd think okay there's the 190 but our
guys this could genuinely get very very
painful once we start getting more than
one on here anyway 192 have to staff
this video pretty good start but this
peg it's actually killing me alright
then second draft now guys this is
honestly really really an he's a lot
more painful than it looks
there we go guys it's just finished as a
189 which means we don't have to run
anymore pegs but to be honest we don't
want to be getting 180 9s do with those
terrible alright then another draught
now my ear is literally feeling Norma
can barely feel anymore oh my god some
of the most amazing choices there 95 94
92 93 and 98 I'm gonna go with 98 low
and I'll ski because I kind of do want a
better version of Suarez later on got
David a silver I would go with him cuz
he's Spanish you may get some links to
some people in the squad can we get
Suarez now oh I drew ease when I never
get on Joey's I literally never had
recent drafts that's pretty good 91
rated great player and now we've got
Coco this team is coming along very
nicely already in the 90s - that's gonna
help us out a lot PK again a good player
right there we're gonna go a right wing
back can I get a team of this season
yes we can boys not a good one we're
gonna go with mallow because he's our
BBVA player
Neymar that's a good player we'll put
him in a centre back who else we got now
moved along the reserves 92 Danny Alvers
oh damn dies definitely gonna be a
game-changer oh no we need the Messi
guys have like one position left come on
Messi there we go guys 99 Messi 190
already oh my god okay guys so this is a
189 but as you can clearly see by the
replay there we go
ball 9c already oh my gosh you can
clearly see it went to a 190 so we're
gonna add another peg ah ah it's
actually stuck ah on my chin
oh these pegs are just killing me Oh Oh
got it fellow 98 Messi you can't ask
much better than that this peg is just
moving as I speak and that's gonna get
very annoying we're gonna move on to
striker why do we just never never get
any good strikers guys what's going on
here we need Ronaldo here
well all that and we couldn't even get a
190 draft
we got another 189 I'm just gonna move
on quickly now because my face is
absolutely murdering at least I don't
know what's happening today guys I think
we literally have the draft curse but
188 this is just not happening today sir
oh ah just talking them off oh oh
there's a mark on my chin so we found
these glasses hopefully these can give
me a bit of look in the next draft I
mean we definitely need it
captain's 92 name are not the best but
we will go with him we do need a good
striker for once we got a good striker
guys 95 Suarez she's about time right
forward and Messi would be great oh damn
in 99 Messi this is a very very good
start
Oh 89 Mascherano I never get good
defenders there's a good defender and
report a now the last centre back is
gonna be 89 Godin oh yes sir Iniesta no
the glasses draft
oh I'm not rich I'm mud rich Oh black oh
my god he's 92 Reiter it is 92 rated
voice oh my god Ronaldo 97 is 93 rated
oh my god honestly I need the bail guys
and it isn't giving me it I just come on
please no no no you're not gonna take
this bail away from me it gave me voice
and not bail Oh
Dov Louise I know where he could have
turned it all around come on one more
good player 83 83 is not that bad
now the goal keeper 82 I say okay okay
okay okay okay we need to rearrange it
another one I want oh my god guys we've
got another 191 and basically what that
means is we're gonna have to add two
pegs
oh no okay we got two more I don't know
we're gonna add them maybe to my nose ah
ah ah and they're not the nose not the
nose we're naginata
to the nose screw that we're gonna I
just want to go to the top of my ear ah
and this one we're gonna add to my
eyebrow even though I clearly don't have
any ah ah ah
this is pain this is pain this is Payton
this is pain this is pain hi guys it's
time for another foot draft but I'm not
joking when I say I'm literally losing
feeling of my face I think I'm gonna go
in 93 Suarez because as I said I never
get good strikers we're gonna move to
the left wing can we go good Reynaldo no
just no Oh 92 bail he's Mantha Matt
she's quite new I think I'll I'll take
that
93 Team of the Year moderate oh hi guys
we haven't got Messi or Ronaldo which
isn't gonna help the team at all but
there we can we go Ronaldo now can we
get a messy oh my god we actually have
guards those are going got 99 Ronaldo
and 97 oh no in 97 Ronaldo and 99 Messi
as we said we haven't got either of them
we're gonna go with Mateo just because
we've currently got a silver centre bike
which isn't helping the team whatsoever
all this Alvers nah Alvers okay there we
go we've got one name one alright there
we go guys unfortunately I can get it to
a 192 but still another one nine one and
you know what that means two more pegs
on my poor face oh god oh god oh god ah
doodoo conditions on the chilli could
either updo - oh yeah by the way - on my
waters anyone video that's pretty good
all right guys one more draught guys the
final draft of the video I can barely
feel my face guys is hurting in so many
different places but we got three four
to one which is a good formation I'm
with our selves and some good captains
I'm gonna go 93 mod rich Neymar as well
which is good
can we get a messy here no we got 90 -
bail now
the second center mid under fish a niche
will go with him oh why is it with me
angels never given me BBVA keepers they
are honestly just such holes like look I
not want BBVA keeper yeh suck yourself
we need to Ronaldo in a messy and when
you give the me Lavezzi
but rhymed but it wasn't intentional
alright guys that's the end of that
draft it was horrible
18 I rated 80 chemistry we're just gonna
leave that one but what I'm gonna do now
is see how many pegs I can feel my face
ah I'll get one there Oh in the mouth ah
ah ah ah nose ah
oh god guys there we go
I go I literally go go go go picture
there we go
you can lean this foot on Twitter so I
don't care oh my face oh god no we're
gonna get these off now ow ow
uh-uh-uh-uh-uh of course my hair does oh
that was the first 100 is still one of
me Annie oh oh but there we go guys that
was another project video if we could
smash 3000 lights but all those pegs
literally going all over my face look at
that scar that eyes horrible Yaffe
thousand lights would be great guys I
tried to mix this draft video up a bit
and add a forfeit just to make it a
little bit more interesting I hope you
all enjoyed I kind of didn't but
hopefully you guys did oh yeah and we
actually got some pretty good draft in
this video we got 190 and to 191 so I'm
actually quite happy with that but
that's about it for this video guys
thank you so much for watching and as
always I've been more you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in the next
video peace out
