oh my god of course my camera's off
charge as soon as I try and stall this
video oh wow right um I think yeah yeah
okay we're fine fine guys so yeah that
was a pretty interesting way to start
the video to say the least you know what
since this is pretty random I may as
well cover a few things number one I got
a new lens I don't know if you can tell
but it should mean you can see my
disgusting face in higher quality yeah
this lens cost me quite a bit of money
so I really hope you can tell the
difference it should be a lot better
when we've got a little bit more light
I'm recording at 18 past 11 right now so
you know it's not exactly light outside
another thing is I got a new computer my
old one was absolutely knackered
it was slow it couldn't be stopped
anymore do you know what my old computer
was like it was like your neighbor's dog
you know the one that's on its last legs
the one that can barely walk anymore the
poor thing
it was like that so I upgraded it and
both my lens I'm a new computer came
today for this video so that's quite
good as well as that I had a haircut the
ice geminus is on fleek right now as you
can tell anyway let's get back to the
actual topic of this video today we are
playing youtubers life and basically
this game has been played by like every
YouTube ever I'm a little bit late to
the party because this video has just
been done by literally everybody you're
not really even a proper youtuber if you
haven't done this video yet I'm joking
but this game basically is where you are
a youtuber you after upload videos edit
them you have to study you have to just
be a youtuber but I'm being a youtuber
right now while I'm playing this game
about being a youtuber and I'll have to
edit this video of me editing a video on
the game this is very confusing oh yeah
and if we can smash 4000 likes on this
video I will make this into a series and
outload episode - well that's up to you
guys at the end of the day anyway I
can't be bothered to wait any more or
less let's crack into this game and
hopefully this is entertaining alright
here we go a guy character shall we make
him look like me Jill what why not I'd
say that skin tones about right you know
who cares it's only skin tone hair oh no
none of these Styles really look good
they have no styles which even look
remotely like mine I guess that is the
closest just because of the ice geminus
will go with that and then make it brown
of course next we have the eyes I decide
pretty bog-standard eye
they are brown though so we'll go with
these ones here we'll just keep it
standard now for real how good does that
green beard look know what screw it
we're gonna go with that what the hell
are these clothing options we're just
gonna stick with a normal t-shirt but as
you can tell I wear black like all the
time so we'll just make it black
trousers you gotta have them slim fit
joggers you got out of them Oh No
there's no slim fit joggers any Nikes
any night killers not see only Nikes
fine there we go there is I character it
doesn't look anything like me I'm not
gonna sayin lie to you guys but it looks
like a pretty interesting guy so we're
gonna continue here personality
superstar loaded sociable romantic party
animal or genius I mean I'm definitely
not romantic and obviously not genius
I'm a youtuber I'm just gonna go with
sociable I do like talking to people and
interacting with people what do you want
to talk about on your channel well you
can only do gaming anyway but I would
have picked up anyway so we'll just go
with gaming enter your name morgs oh i
spelt it wrong that's not a good start
morgues name of the channel just call
that morgues as well why the hell not oh
it's given me all the instructions man I
really don't care right here is the
shelf and I believe this is where we
choose our games what we go and play a
planet - okay so we're gonna do a
gameplay video again that's all we're
even allowed to do resolution go go for
that for 20 P quality continuous get
this video underway quick scoping noobs
on rules well we didn't exactly get the
spelling right but screw it your cast
okay here we go we got our webcam in the
top corner interactive loading screen
we're gonna go for a murderous look
normal game will go fray off-topic
comment my dog died
you
and there we go apparently that's the
video done I wouldn't say that's a very
good video but anyway next now in the
editing as you can see final premiere
light pretty good software top class
editing here as you can see all the
transitions all the music effects
process let's get this on the internet
so we got 48 set interest free for
content free for video quality and zero
editing don't surprise me really we
dragged two clips in and then left it
okay we're gonna go shopping gain you
game as you can see amazing on amazing
on amazing on where have I seen that
before okay let's see what games we've
got an amazing on we've got launch
battle for upper half lie to the instant
of silence mystic five end of seasons
war banner 30,000 guerrillas soccer -
you know what we're gonna pick that up
right now
okay we've bought guerrilla soccer -
guerrillas soccer - is now on the shelf
do you know what let's make another
video I don't wanna mess about mono
directional let's go with that and then
let's get this video going enter the
name of a video oh I have the perfect
title for this
scrote we're gonna use that title should
buying a couple hundred thousand views
you unlocked an achievement
singing comment when it when does anyone
use a singing comment you leveled up
happy expression there we go lights the
video once again done here we got final
premier light can we actually add some
good effects or anything or is that
literally it add title we're gonna add a
title I don't really I don't know what
I'm doing here
what who actually cares Content 8 video
quality 12 and we got 2 in editing oh my
god I tell you what this video better
bang guess what guys we have found my
mom let's follow her why she up to
she's just cleaning a little bit
stereotypical if you ask me it should be
fine though I have like no girls
watching this ice be honest ok the
videos up we've got 10 views already
we've got 5 happy faces 23 views eight
views we've made 7p we've made 7p boys
unloaded on this video is doing so well
we've got 15 subscribers 70 viewers 19
subscribers oh my god this is amazing
next Beauty pie confirmed guys I've hit
30 subscribers already guys 34
subscribers this is madness absolute
thrill back here absolute scenes come on
board 37 more subtil 57 more sub sub 50
oh when you feel more subs
boys we've had 50 subs ambles into this
game is so weird man okay we're back
after a nice study impaired we've made
57 P from the video boys I can always
afford a Dairy Milk Bar guys I'm living
the YouTube life got about YouTube money
the YouTube money is real right now
I'm ballin but you know what let's make
another video we're gonna do another
gorilla soccer video we're gonna do a
gameplay we're gonna upload in low
resolution again because who really
cares about the resolution yet I'm
alright shut up fuck up your crap maybe
not hmmm what should we call this
football video
easy views easy views on my right now
all we need to do is ID oh my fucking
god we are did no way and then we'll
just are in the hold one L not 99
Ronaldo Park X much my ways my ways my
ways my ways mark oh my fuckin on face
major life I can't ask them hello my
friend God no way in the hall
basically at NR 10 tile you know a
million views right there let's do this
you were locked in achievement murderous
look the game freezes murders look again
anyway let's get this video edited
slap that in slap that in will add all
these body effects because you know who
cares
there we go process the video let's get
this all content 25 whoa I'm stepping up
my game how to eat food for real this
dude just hasn't eaten since we've been
playing is there an option to eat food I
don't want to die of starvation I want
to eat some damn food
oh no 99 Bernardo in a pike is not done
very well with the comments let's read
some of these doing new things on every
video is the right way to go the realest
suckers to is a great game much more
interesting now dear God you shouldn't
turn on your camera to record something
like this based off me
you just feel my feelings haha this
person is a youtuber I'm Batman
awful editing say that again okay well
that's not the best response for a video
but who cares we made to pee how do we
bash one out well scan we do I'm border
YouTube life already let's sleep cuz
that's basically all I do all day eat
sleep and then make videos you know
that's basically the YouTube life we've
already played both these games I think
it's about time we get a new one with
all that YouTube money right we're gonna
go shopping let's go on amazing on once
again and unholy cannibal League of
Giants we're gonna we're gonna get on
holy cannibals it's only 13 pounds you
know pretty cheap boys I've hit 100 subs
and different realize one nightmare
unholy cannibal let's do this why can we
really do gameplay videos what are you
something different anyway a
low-resolution as usual no filter mono
directional continue let's do this
No okay let's get this video underway
game tutorial merger slot get bored of
the murders look guys why else can we do
50 enemies against you unfunny comment
whats 9+10 21 show you fucking about
okay let's get this editing done we'll
add some great color we'll add some soft
focus find out us all we need who cares
about quality who cares buddy and just
get it done
content be a new record video quality 17
new record editing for new record if I
don't get to 200 subs from this video
I'm gonna be very annoyed
congratulations you've received level 2
I don't care go away this video load is
taking so long
oh yo oh yes so see comments what we got
I can't believe that self-proclaimed
YouTube is this bad editing take some
classes for your sake and viewers it's
all oh damn that videos before pay
already its banging guys it's banging we
got 500 views already
oh damn we've made a dollar we've made a
self we made a dollar we have made a
dollar guys oh my god live in that
youtube life not for real this video is
actually doing so well I've got four
hundred service guys this is madness
we're getting 500 subs can we have
thousand I don't know why is this dude
just walked into my house it's not much
that's not even my mom this person has
just walked into my house go away in the
meantime you know we're on eight hundred
subs guys we're gonna get to a thousand
I think this video is fun we have done
it guys why am I taking this so
seriously man it's a freaking game right
so that person you watching on my house
is giving me a game apparently I'm not
really too bothered there let's upgrade
the setup because it looks like an
absolute just mess as well guys we've
only got fifty seven dollars we can't
really buy much we got HD webcam we're
gonna buy that
oh this webcam is taking ages I'm gonna
sleep that could speed it up I guess
give me this webcam this bed get me more
subs I'm gonna be very annoyed made
almost eight dollars off my setup tall
guys doing very well let's do a new
video guys and board what games have we
got Lorde battle or froth okay let's do
a gameplay video on that game while
he'll not video resolution low
resolution as usual my friend quality
directional continue let's do this I
know I've got to change the title oh not
good
I was finished polka not going to get a
fuse now is it loading game wave hello
you overcame a hard challenge half the
expression main menu murders look I
think that's it guys now let's just edit
this video real quick get all three of
those in add the gray color add the
title there we go process that thing
let's see how this does 73 new record
editing 50 new record boys we are
killing the YouTube game just to clarify
guys this is nothing like the YouTube
life literally nothing like it
Oh silly comments if you don't know how
to record videos properly you shouldn't
be a youtuber that's how is by God
alright then
doing pretty good of you so far made a
whopping forty four P she's come back in
again she just used it she walks in
what's going on here get out of a
freaking house okay so we're gonna go to
a gaming convention now I think I'm not
really sure I haven't even got one
hundred dollars for the ticket price for
God's sake
honestly why am I taking this game so
seriously it's not even real time there
we go 2 K soaps I don't care I mean yay
2k sobs on a game which isn't even
YouTube we're gonna go eat again because
you know I'm a little bit of a chunker I
do need my food and you know what we're
at it we may as well go for a nice nap
as well why the hell not I'd you know
what one more video right one more video
then we'll leave this episode at that
okay what video we're gonna make okay
we're gonna do another FIFA video here
workstation station one low resolution
the best call they go in no filter mono
directional continue let's get this
thing done okay title FIFA 16 pack
opening now do you know what's cooler
that's not going to get me any views you
know what we're gonna go for a classic
killing babies prank in the hood gone
wrong these towers just do not relate to
the videos but who cares you know we're
making about YouTube money loading game
wave hello game intro scene funny
comment I lost weight ah it's never
gonna happen
you overcame a hard challenge unfunny
comment about a week ago we could go
okay we've got this hard credit in done
we're gonna process this video and now
see how this doors and then we're gonna
call it a day because the YouTube life
is very hard and takes a lot of work and
it's very stressful no for real though
is actually very stressful at times
content 92 editing 17 looking like a
pretty good video oh god the pcs going
wrong what's going on here repair 20
dollars to repair Oh God
look at this dude look at his hair even
if you had the best script in the world
this recording quality is just sad right
okay then guys literally me done but
that is the end of this youtubers life
video I really hope you have enjoyed if
we could hit 4000 likes on this video
I'll do a part two I'll do a part two of
this game because I guess it's
reasonably fun to play I mean it's not
really similar to the youtubers life but
still I guess it's quite fun don't take
anything seriously that I said in this
video by the way low resolution
qualities is not the way to go
but once again thank you all so much for
watching it really really means a lot to
me I really hope you guys are enjoying
the content of the mobile because I'm
working really really hard and I'm
trying to be a lot more consistent so
you know I really really hope you're
enjoying the videos both guys about it
so as always I've been logged you guys
been awesome and I'll see you in the
next video peace out
