today is the day yo guys it's marked and
today we have my Wembley vlog and if you
don't know what was happening today
basically my team Sheffield Wednesday
all playing hole in the playoff final at
Wembley now let me just give you a
little bit backstory right this season
we weren't expected to achieve anything
we weren't expected to get playoffs and
then we got playoff stands you know and
we got sick then we knocked up right and
you got first and lost out on automatics
by goal difference not even a point in
it right so we're already over achieving
massively we're going into this game as
the underdog and I've never been more
nervous in my life like I'm shaking and
all I'm doing is study in my room so
basically if you don't know much about
football fully playoff final you go to
England Stadium Wembley which I've never
been before yet believe it or not I've
never been before so today is my first
time going to em bully and I'm watching
the Owls stink nervous is like an
understatement right now the winner of
this gets promoted to the Premier League
the highest tier of English football
like this match it's mad it's really mad
so today guys I'm going to be using an
app called crown scores and you may have
heard of this app basically it's a
football app but what this allows you to
do is talk with fellow members of your
like team or just talk about any match
with people who are also watching it or
who are also on crowdsource and that's
what I'm gonna be doing today I like to
post on here as you can see saying come
on Wednesday and we've got some comments
here and then throughout the match I'll
be leaving like comments in the
discussion Park and I'll be able to talk
with fellow Wednesday funds know what
you can also do with this app is turn on
notifications so that as the goal goes
in as a red card gets given as a yellow
card gets given and you'll actually get
a notification to your phone to stay
update on matches and that's again what
I've done with Wednesday just in case
you know I miss something and then I get
a notification it says like there's just
been a red card or something as well as
that you can see all teams all matches
coming up you can see all players you
see the stadium locations you can see a
lot on this up I think you fancy
downloading card scores and give it a
try then I will leave a link in the
description below for you to try out but
guys I think it's time to get in the car
and start earning the one Billy
Oh
Oh
joking
oh we know
No
Oh God
I'm absolutely knackered right so I'm
finally back home now I left in the
morning at 11 a.m. and it is now 10 to
11 p.m. so I've been out but all day
pretty much and yeah as you guys know
the result was 1 nil also I'm not in the
best of moods like I'm pretty good
so yeah the result ended one-nil hall
with a goal from the Army I'm sure
you'll seen it by now you guys are
interested in football absolute wonder
goal like there's no stopping it it's
from Mike I think about 25 yards I guess
so unfortunately Wednesday could get to
the Premier League I mean unfortunately
for all the Wednesday fans throw the
whole funds out there y'all probably
laughing right now I don't know where to
start to be honest basically the match
started and we're on the back foot for
Mike kickoff they were just come out and
we weren't really dealing with it we
like we weren't really in the game I
think all we needed was a few of the big
players to turn up but for Jerry Bannon
under really Hooper all just pop and
they didn't really play how we needed
them to I mean you can't deny the much
was absolutely amazing we sold out all
our allocation of Wembley I think it was
about 40,000 whole could not even sell
those owls but I just want to say by the
way cyberware was saw some really low
down like my view was terrible
so the clips was more about the actual
atmosphere than the actual football if
you want to watch out to a football then
just then just type in the highlights I
guess to think that I think we were 17 7
games into the season the fact that we
even got to sick place in the playoffs
and knocked out Brighton who bear in
mind didn't even lose out on automatics
by a point they lost on on goal
difference the entire thing just seems
amazing and then you've got to remember
last season when our star striker was
like a player not even worth a million
and this season was about building and
in my eyes we feel a lot and all cut it
to Hall to be honest you know they were
the best team today I think they hit the
post like twice oh they did deserve the
win and also I had a lot fun using crowd
scores throughout today and actually
being able to talk with some fellow
Wednesday fans about the game so what
I'll do is I'll just leave a link to
crowd scores in the description below if
you want to go get - you know I'll be
using it from now on so they'll be
plenty of opportunities to talk to me on
there and I also mad subscribe at the
game today which is pretty awesome if we
can smash 3,000 likes on this video that
would be amazing
bore as always I've been more you guys
been awesome and I'll see you in the
next video peace
Oh
