this video contains I then Kabul
actually cry it I hope you enjoy so as
you guys know the brand new BBVA team of
the season is in parks and I'm not gonna
lie I really want to get one but there's
a little bit of a problem
ei literally hand you are in parks
every time huh I mean the walls looking
pretty empty what we going here three
pounds 67 yangon of money for parks so
today we are basically a poor man's pack
opening foot draft if you want some fifa
coins or you want to open some parts
then fee for UT store is the place to be
they are so cheap and also very fast and
reliable they've been around since P 412
so they have one of the best reputations
going and if you want to save yourself
ten percent off your order then remember
to use code mugs at checkout yo guys
it's morgs and today we have a FIFA 16
foot draft video obviously we all
remember when I got the 190 draft and I
was just thinking right we haven't been
many foot drafts and I'm just kind of
missing it and also the fact that I'm
just never gonna pack any of these team
of seasoned players in packs because EA
are really really stingy I was thinking
you know what gold shall we sell for
this video and I was originally thinking
a 191 since I've already got 190 and
then I saw Castro and a few other people
get 192 as our thinking now that the
BBVA team of the season plays are
available
surely 192 is gonna be a lot more
possible now if we get a 190 191 or 192
in this video then I will snort G fuel
anyway guys let's proceed to waste more
coins on FIFA there we go the 98 Messi
already I'm quite a few like guys we're
gonna move on to striker now and can we
get that Griezmann no clearly not
left-wing can we get 99 Ronaldo no we
cobble because the 96 team of the season
Neymar that is a pretty good start guys
another new card and he looks like a
beast
come on they're moderate we got moderate
but it was a normal one so we're gonna
go with the 89 in the esta
oh one we got the silvers like always
set either come on we need a pale we
need a Ronaldo there we are fail oh damn
Lewandowski Christ 98 layered walk
player there he is guys 95 Benzema holy
hell like look it up we've got the 90
rated team not looking too good guys
guys you know what first drafting we've
got ourselves an 89 rated with nine
seven chemistry I'm mostly reasonably
happy with that 19 the season Messi um
oh that's a tricky choice do we go with
94 Ronaldo or 92 Neymar I'm gonna take a
risk and go for 92 named ox I really do
want that team of seasoned Ronaldo I was
gonna be stay on to the reserves guys
I'm fed up and messing about with this
oh that's not good that's not good
I'm gonna risk you again and go eight to
nine bail guys I'm not the self for
normal Ronaldo after we turned down an
informal this team is just not looking
too good guys okay we got ourselves an
87 rated a BBVA striker so you know
that's nicely not too bad
come on Tirra season Ronaldo oh we got
him because the tyrannous is Ronaldo
holy 99 rated look at that card man
Wow
I'm not massively sure if I can even be
bothered to organize this team guys AJ
rate AJ chemistry lies a pretty terrible
draft just come up against this guy and
he's got frickin 190 look at that
Oh God alright there we go the third
draft and we've got ourselves the free
for free formation and you know what I'm
gonna go with 93 moderates there that is
a pretty good player oh no oh no no no
this is not going well I think I'm gonna
do that is actually go for more just get
that link with Royce in case of built
some kind of hybrid oh there we go we go
a bale an eye for Messi we're gonna
you're a a bale cuz you want a better
form of Messi later on in this draft
this draft is just dying out slowly
we've got a good defense but like we
haven't got messy I'm don't then we've
got Ronaldo no we haven't so this draft
is just not gonna be a good one
unfortunately you know what I'm just
gonna end this chapter here guys like I
just literally can't be bothered to
organize it eighty-six rating 91
chemistry No thank you
not gonna lie guys my camera may have
just died but now we're back on another
battery and we're gonna do another draft
because so far we haven't got the 190
the 191 or 192 not feeling the knife
Ivanov I'm gonna go to six Messi and I'm
gonna do
I'm much gonna move straight down to the
reserves because what he'll not I'm
feeling quite creative
there we go 90 Bale
join the team move on again and we got
ourselves a t9 Benzema join the team
can we get Ronaldo please no oh oh yeah
yeah we can't but we're gonna go a night
to Neymar well that's been lucky we've
got a ton of high rated players but none
of them have even a so we're just gonna
go small and since he's the highest
rated one there we do definitely need
Ronaldo though if we do want to get this
really high rate if we've got about two
more chances left
there he is oh my god this is looking
good guys this is looking really good
we're up to 95 chemistry now we are
definitely making progress with this
team right we're gonna order this bench
hopefully get this up to a 190 I just
know it's wrong about this buddy one
non-issue we aren't even gonna read
chemistry not good no once again guys so
close a 189 draft look at that Oh should
be honest guys I'm starting to get quite
tired but we are going to another foot
job here and you know let's just pray
that we can actually get something good
for once
so Tim via Daniel this as I captain you
know it's not too bad we're gonna move
straight onto the reserves come on there
we go
there we go Team of the Year Ronaldo 98
we good there's a good start
there's a really good start we need a
miracle up here we need a good striker
Benzema 90 now that's pretty good
come on we need messy here there we go
Messi I'm gonna I'm gonna take the 96
cars no messing about Bennett you can
join the team solomid and yes throw
Modric there we go Iniesta 90 record
either we're gonna do the goalkeeper now
hopefully go good BBVA
keeper we didn't go vvv one we've got a
96 nor team of the year we're just gonna
get him while we can oh my god
I'm Team of the Year Neymar as well as
t-midi Ronaldo on the bench now guys the
team is fully 91 red oh my god oh my god
it's 92
it's listen 92 oh come on let's
keep this up it's 92 for God's sake guys
come on coke
alright come on some we need some good
defenders and that girl looks alright
that guy looks ah he will definitely be
better than him better than Ronaldo sent
about but come on it's a 91 with two
positions left is this it is this the
190 that we've been going for all day we
need to be really a keeper cross your
fingers no no no no oh we've got BBVA
keeper boy silver he's freakin silver
guys oh my god 29 oh my god guys is this
another one
only have a gun I got myself to freaking
to 190s please please please yay
please come on oh we got another one 9g
yeah we've got over 190 guys but another
190 team and just look at it Ronaldo
Neymar Iniesta Benzema Messi dani alves
and then we got Noah on the bench oh my
god I can't believe we've actually got a
guy selves another one 90 draft and here
we go
arty we're gonna add the manager here oh
no I just remembered I said one 91910
190 when we we have to start G fuel if
we get a one 91910 192 in this video
then i was nology arm such an idiot I'm
actually such an idiot
well I guess I said it so there's no
going back now God's sake but that there
is a little pile of G fuel which is pink
so it kind of blends in with my hand and
what we're going to do is snorter this
this is not going to be good guys
warning this could honestly go really
really bad but I died I don't care I
really don't care
habaneros my nostril all the rostral oh
Christ it's all gone
lights all gone call me a all you
want guys with us stinking so much
I think I'm literally crying oh god this
is a pretty painful one 90-foot shaft I
really get system I could go in the
video well guys we did it we go on 94
just once again that's my second one and
I really hope you guys have enjoyed the
video if you have enjoyed then please
smash alike especially because I just
snort freakin G fuel and yet if you're
new to the channel and subscribe and I
think I say it so as always I've been
volved you guys ou have been awesome and
I'll see you in the next video peace out
if you want to max out your setup with a
sick game and chairman go to GT omega
racing calm and use code mods for a 5%
discount
