yo guys is marked and today we have my
third p.o box opening now I am
especially hyped for this episode and
I'm really really excited for this
episode for one reason and one reason
only oh we have a massive amount of mail
to be opened in this video so you may
have noticed that I haven't posted APO
box opening on the channel in three
weeks that's just because I've been
building up a massive amount of mail and
this is by far my biggest P robots
opening year so if you do want to send
anything to be opened in the next PL box
opening then you can this is really like
a boundary on what you can send you can
say pretty much anything but if I'll
just sum up the best things to send it
or probably packages like this in there
you could add whatever you want maybe
some likes candy for example maybe just
something that you own that you wanted
to give Camila something I don't know
it's up to you guys also you could send
me fan arts and drawings that you've
done something you've made for me let's
say on a computer over here's where I
keep all of my drawings and arts I've
had made for me that will not there's
frame the collage there's a painting so
yeah if you want to send any art or
something like that you could do too and
another thing that I recently learned if
you go to somewhere like Amazon or Ebay
you can actually buy something and leave
my Pierre Box address on the actual
address of where to send it to so if you
want to do that maybe something you
found on Amazon then you know feel free
to do that too so on the screen right
now at the bottom is my pure Box address
and basically to get your item to me
all you have to do is write the field
box address on your package on your
letter on your jaw and like on the
actual envelope or whatever it's
packaged in so there you go that's just
an example of what this person's done
but yeah that's about it so what we're
gonna do now is crack into the PIO box
opening so yeah we may as well to start
with this one now that we've got it this
is quite a big one there we go ring goes
whoa we've got a lot of stuff in here
look at that guys that's a pretty sick
drawing of my animated logo that guy's
awesome but it also said this which is
like a drawing of a match of the day
cover that's how to be really cool and
then as well as all that stuff we sent
some Apple stickers and then as well as
they sent this
the armband thing there we go
I'm going to wear that for the rest of
the video then he send these which are
like Top Trumps and we've got bail Messi
Neymar Ronaldinho and Suarez he said
some horrible and then this which is a
freaking trophy so this is from Hayden
and he's 11 years old and then Joran's
I'm not gonna lie I'm really really good
for an 11 year old thanks so much for
that right then we got right here smash
into this Oh what is this this is hard
look at that guy's days awesome this
letter is literally silver that's cool
alright there we go guys I think we're
in now are we in are we in hey we got
another Jordan of the cartoon logo
that's awesome
so this is a note from agent as you can
see he's wrote a big paragraph which
I've just read and slot for that Hayden
and thanks a lot for watching my videos
oh there we go finally we did it wait so
there's a letter inside of a package or
the hell so this letters from Paul Mason
and he's saying he realized my videos so
thanks a lot for that and also attach
the match attax
a lot of people I said to be football
cards alright we're gonna move on to
this big one now and this thing as you
can see compared to my head this thing
is massive
alright here we go let's get this thing
open see what this is I'm pretty hyped
to be honest I'm pretty nice what we got
Oh like a drawing oh damn look at that
guy's that is like a year how what's the
way to describe it eyes laminated look
at that is so awesome that is definitely
going on the wall he's got my thumbnails
in there a logo nice sink or the ha ha
ha ha Jesus this is same when I have 36
thousand subs oh that was sent ages ago
thanks so much for sending that
Mackenzie and I'm definitely gonna get
that on the wall now this one feels
pretty cool this is like bubble wrapped
so I assume there's something pretty
cool in here so here what let's cut into
it whoa oh damn for real guys
what is cook is telling me football
cards this is earthen Sergio ag√ºero
Magic Moments and he also sent some
football posters and he sent me some
Lego figures guys that also
is which is like is it a book what this
is a book that is so awesome looking up
lies like a I want to say lemonade's
like a sellotape up book it works open
there are tons of photos of me
he even got something from my Twitter
and then there's an over here thank you
so much flat Patrick that really means a
lot
oh god I've just realized I've left my
window open right as I've been doing
this video and it is half past 4:00 in
the morning don't ask why I'm filming
I'll fall by the way what you just
noticed I've got my window open so the
neighbors aren't gonna be happy with me
all right then let's crack into a few
more of these lighters now this one
sellotape short so this one's a little
bit hard to open but you know high
strike team mods
look at that so this is from Mick at
Orion I think that's how you say it
thanks so much for sending that man
that's really cool alright what we're
going here guys so this is from Joe Luke
and he said you know you realize my
videos his favorite videos my set up
video under some of them really making
laughs and thanks a lot for that
and he also sent me a little keyring
with a name tag on it and that says more
right there so that's awful at Joe this
is a wire from Callum Keela
congratulating me on 50,000 subs and now
we're at 100,000 so you know it just
shows how time goes fast oh there we go
no you have got to be kidding me right
now Oh what are the odds even more
football come on look at them guys hell
really awesome so look at this lighting
guys this is like a proper light I think
it's a PowerPoint and yeah there you go
look at that and he also sent me forward
P so now we've got the one which i think
is the biggest in the video this is a
big package like this is really heavy
just clearly something quite big in here
so which is also tape shop so we have to
try and get this off and I don't know
how
do it really oh my god we got candy so
we got these massive gobstoppers as you
can see these things are absolute giant
then we got some tic tacs these are
peach lemonade ones and oh my god that's
the coincidence I literally had a pack
of these earlier and I think the box
maybe around is somewhere no I bend it
but that's a real big coincidence
actually had some of these earlier
there's also a great Mandarin mint
flavor chewing gum never added up before
then we got two toxic wastes oh my god
this is getting creepy you also sent me
some of this gum and I have this too I'm
pretty sure this is water yep it is this
is watermelon flavored I have that a lot
so this is from George and he's been on
the channel since 20,000 subscribers
thanks a lot for sending that man and
you got the candy spot-on I love all
that stuff
oh what a legend this is a fellow
Wednesday fun he's put one of our chance
on here he's got a team and yeah that is
awesome
and he's poor the bottom PS we're going
up which is looking reasonably likely at
the moment so I hope we can go so this
is from Tyler and he sent this note and
he also sent this which i think is some
kind of Diet Coke so yeah this is like
an it's morgg's Diet Coke little piece
of paper think I've never seen that
before like that so dance off for
sending up so this one's from leer my
name is John my cartoon logo drawn some
Diet Coke and he's also like me note so
thanks a lot Lee and me oh look at this
no right here I've just read all that
and thanks a lot for sending it okay so
now we are on to the final bit of mail
for this video and I saved oh that just
hit me in the eye
as I was saying I save something pretty
big for the end look at the size of this
letter guys alright now this is really
awesome this is some Charlie Jones and
he has drawn a massive picture it
cartullo go it's morgues die coke can
and the note thank you so much for that
and one end to the video so yeah that is
it guys thank you so much for watching
gander no no we're gonna leave them off
if you have enjoyed this pier box
opening then pre smash' like on the
video again the pure box address will be
there so write that on the front of your
package or enter into Amazon when buying
something up there or just religion is
riding on the front of whatever you want
to send and it will get featured in the
next PA what's opening and that will be
when we have enough mail to make a video
but if we could smash two thousand five
hundred likes on this Bo box opening
that mean the world to me this is my
biggest one yet so hopefully we can get
there and you've got any questions or
feedback then you know where to leave it
the comment section below also if you
don't follow me on Twitter then go and
follow me on there because I update
everything on there and I what about
these people totally so it's definitely
worth going to follow me on there link
will be in the description but that's
about it so as always I've been Mort you
ever been awesome and I'll see you in
the next video peace out if you want to
max out your setup with a sick game and
chair and go to GT omega racing calm and
use code mods for a five percent
discount
