if you want to max out your setup with a
sick game and chairman go to GT omega
racing calm and use code mods for a 5%
discount nice yo guys it's morg
and today we have my 100,000 subscriber
special and in this video we're going to
be doing a Q&A yep
very original I know no for real guys
though 100,000 people are now subscribe
to the channel and nice is safe like
guys absolutely insane but in this video
what we are going to be doing is a Q&A I
tweeted out over on Twitter and asked
for some questions using the hashtag
Mont 100k and we got absolute one I'm
talking about 1,000 questions obviously
I can't answer them all I'm going to
answer as many as I can in this video
but just before that I'm gonna talk
about something and it is to do with GT
Omega so as you guys may know in my
first team of the season BPL Park open
in I asked for 3,000 likes and I said if
we hit 3,000 lives I will give away in
GT Omega racing chair we got over 7000
so guys I was not lying
and then currently a GT Omega pro office
chair being given away right now over on
my Twitter you may ask why Twitter
that's just because I use a lot it's a
really good social media now if you
don't know how to enter basically
they'll be a link in the description to
a tweet and on that tweet you'll say the
instructions of how to enter I'll put
the tweet on the screen right now where
it's just basic stuff guys it takes a
few minutes you know follow me follow GJ
Omega retweet the tweet and also jump
like on this video right now that would
be amazing
4,000 likes on this video would make my
day but anyway what we are going to do
now is jump into the questions so the
first question comes from chums and he
asks what is your goal for the end of
the year now you guys may know that I
set myself a goal for the end of the
year of 100k bit of a problem is now May
and we have already smashed back gold so
why I'm going to do right now is set
myself a new goal for the end of the
year and this goal may surprise quite a
few of you guys so my new goal for the
end of the year is 500,000 subscribers
pretty mental I
no if I think that if the support
carries on and if you guys continue to
be absolute legends I think we can get
there so the next question comes from
Jorah and he asks will angry game HD
ever make a return no yo guys I'm gaming
HD and today we are actually done I am
so done
mixed G fuel and coke and drink it
right so as you can see we've got G fuel
diet coke and this top what I'm going to
do is empty ability fuel into there and
instead using water I'm going to use
diet coke hopefully is nice probably not
but you know let's try it
uh-oh this does not look nice this does
not look nice let's just go ahead and
get the rest of this in we're messing
about
stick that in god help me
it looks like literal shit it actually
looks like shit all right so we've got
mystery flavor G fuel Diet Coke in here
mixed up let's try it
Oh oh it tastes like disorder try this
again oh god that was horrible but then
think of it uh pod you know so we diet
coke and G fuel well they mix together
horribly go on Oh retard alert next
question comes from Zach younger and he
asked where are your eyebrows see if is
this running joke I don't have any but
like they I do come on you can see them
a little bit no I'm not gonna lie I just
don't have any to be honest guys I
really don't know where my eyebrows are
stop bullying me please it's not my
fault so the next question is from true
frost true to frost I'm gonna go with
that funny-ass did you ever think you
would make it this far and the answer is
no I didn't and no one thought I did to
be honest because my videos back then
were horrendous like they were a
laughingstock like they were just not
good and it really just shows the
progress you can do if you just work
your ass off and if you just try really
are boom shroom asks what does it feel
like to have a 100 thousand subscribers
honestly like I haven't got it into me
yet like if you go I mean like it's been
a week now since we hit it like I'm
sorry this video is really really
overdue not very consistent anyway yeah
it still doesn't quite hit me at how big
that number really is like 100,000
people is a ridiculous amount of people
but just imagine that in one like place
100,000 people under yeah it's a pretty
weird feeling so Connor dares me to
drink a whole bottle of pure lemon juice
no oh oh where's that come from so I've
done this before in a really old video
and let me tell you guys this stuff is
horrible
this one doesn't less
look bad but this stop is the Tsarist
thing going like honestly if you don't
believe this is bad go out and do it
yourself because this look is so so so
so sour anyway we've got the glass
filled and I'm just going to try my
hardest to do this guy's and the house
is going to go
ah Oh God Oh God how did a sip I did a
second we gonna do all that
ah
oh oh oh oh oh that one was quick I can
do it I can do it I can do it
Oh Connor Connor you try to kill me man
Oh God anyway that's the lemon drink
done let's move on to the next question
I dare you to put ice down your pant for
30 seconds all right so we've got the
ice here in this bowl obviously I can't
really show you down there but I'm feel
try and do this all right three two one
happy Mia I didn't get hypothermia help
help help
come on how many boners gone Oh God
20 seconds Oh ice melting is melt
oh it's melted oh what a few more 502 oh
oh oh get out get out get out get out I
thought q and A's were about sharing
love and asking questions no not doing
this stuff anyway next question we got
the onion god help me right so the next
challenge is bite into a raw onion ooh
this was not so nice how killed how I'm
not looking forward to this bull it's
400,000 subscribers so let's do it
it was at this moment that he knew he
fucked up oh whoa
ah oh god guys give me break oh all
stuck on me keep some of the stuff you
guys Danny to do like oh my god guys
look it up bye
I took a massive fire and everything and
Oh guys oh man I can't leave a stinker
so Jackson Taylor asked do you enjoy
meeting or sponge yes I honestly I love
me and fun so he may be saying like how
many have you actually met not a
ridiculous amount because most of the
time I've sat in my room like a fat slob
honestly guys like insomnia was
incredible I met I'd say about 15 20
people there and that was honestly one
of the best days of my life and then I
bumped into people on the street you
know I saw a light at the Wednesday game
you know I'd have felt we've been really
nice like I think I'll watch this video
I mean but yeah honestly if you ever see
me in public like just come up to me and
say hi if you want like a photo awesome
I mean life I'm clearly busy or in a
rush or like with someone that it may
not be the best idea but you know I'm
not gonna buy if you come up to me say
like hi I watch your channel watch it
like I'm not gonna say you know fuck off
and you don't have to be like
embarrassed or anything because like I
really really enjoy me in subscribers
and I'm pretty sure that every youtuber
would agree with me there is such a
great feeling but guys now at the end of
this Q&A and oh my god I don't want to
say to you guys thank you all so much
for 100,000 subscribers it's just an
amazing feeling like it's honestly an
amazing feeling and I just want to say
once again just thank you all so much it
means so much to me it means the world
to me
when they started off this was just like
a hobby now this is becoming something
so much bigger than that and I am
incredibly happy like this is the dream
it honestly is the dream obviously we've
got a long way to go and all I ask is
you guys keep supporting me and you know
just keep doing what you are doing now
anyway guys remember to enter the
giveaway of my GT omega chair the link
is in the description below to the tweet
then once you're on that all you have to
do retweet the tweet follow me and then
follow GT Omega and then once you've
done that you are entered into the
giveaway and the winner will be chosen
at random also follow my Twitter for
updates about when the giveaway will be
ending how long's left and just
on my channel and just me but once again
thank you all so much and what I'm gonna
do now is play a montage which was made
for me by subscribe at the end of the
video so feel free to watch that and
that's about it for me guys so thank you
all so much from the bottom of my heart
it means the world and I'll see you in
the next video peace out
hey guys Morgan hey guys more hey guys
Morgan it
Christian
thank you
you
