right guys so it's currently 402 on
Sunday the 24th of April I've been
editing the video that you will have
already seen by now my youtuber Hunger
Games I come on to FIFA while the actual
video uploads do one draft and if I just
show you what we have right now oh my
god look at this team so we have already
got 99 chemistry and it's a 91 rated and
we only have one two three four five six
positions left now I knew I had to get
my camera on and record this because I'm
not joking when I say I think this could
be the one so the way I see it unless we
get like Silver's and non rares along
these six places we will at least get a
one ninety draft but with EA you can
honestly never be certain
so I've our look by the way I weren't
aware that I was going to be recording a
video alright so the team's looking
incredible we've got 82 of like 88 gold
in 82
Varane and then we've got Miranda on no
chemistry we've got 88 Bale 99 Messi
85 racquet egde 95 Iniesta 91 name on 97
Orange Ronaldo and 90 Benzema if we
don't get at least a 190 then I'm gonna
jump out of that window right there
honestly guys I'm really really nervous
anyway what we are gonna do now is move
on to another slot on the bench and help
for someone good alright 85 in senior
the rating stays at 91 dies the
important part we're gonna move on again
now do it please
oh boo oh my god 87 more Regas
87 Rodriguez the rating goes down to 90
but that is a good player now if we
choose in the rating does go down to 90
but we can swap them around with some of
the low rated plays in the team so yeah
sticking them at centre-back ops the
rating and now we have a 190 draft all
we need to do now is keep the damn
rating at 90 please oh my god a 90 rated
player is this the one this has got to
be the one this just has to be the one
obviously 90 degree for the rating three
more places
I am shitting myself oh no that isn't
good 84 it's still at 90 the rating is
still 92 more positions two more my
heart is going mad two more places I
have spent so much money on four draft
and I haven't got a 198 is this finally
my time no no no yeh yeh yeh it's still
90 oh my god one one more position one
more position goalkeeper bear in mind
the current goalkeeper we have is all
black and then Valdez on the bench to
average keepers we have one more
position to keep this as 90 are we going
to do it I'm not going to look I just
can't look I I'm not gonna look in me
come on oh my god
Oh like annoyer a daheia anyone anybody
good just any keeper like 85 rated Plus
and I think we think we'll keep this
rate in three two one
no no no no no no no please please no
no no one at night no no no please
please no please please I'm a man please
no come on come on something sorry no no
no no no no please no you're fucking
kidding me
you're fucking kidding me no please you
must be kidding me
oh my god oh no no no no no there must
be something I can do
oh my god no you can't do this to me eh
hey please yay
oh this is too hard I'm not only a boy
I'll high only a boy I'll come on there
must be a way it's just there isn't
there's no I can do it there's no
fucking way
hold on oh I thought what I do know I
did it I did it I just got one ID no
fucking way no way
why just go one now to jump I just put
the brawny Cinnabon I just got a one
it's 90 drop you guys can see this you
guys machine as you guys can see this
you guys can see that you guys can see
this oh my god oh my god I finally done
it I have finally got a 190 draft I'll
do all this money spent I've finally
done it I've only done it I can see no
way oh my god the lighting is just a
whole everything inside but I don't care
guys we just got a 190 foot jump and I
don't know how just jumbled up
everything and then I thought what about
with a poor 92 bro at centre-back
because the current sent about with
Tremmel eNOS he was only 81 rated and
it's only gotten worse we have got a 190
foot draft and I am not touching this oh
my god guys I know I like scream like a
little bitch then but you've got to
understand like I have done free knowing
four foot drop videos highs with guys
are 189 I must have spent about 40 50
pound just on foot draft - guys are 189
come here today not even recording and
we managed to get a 190 foot rock I am
so so happy
I can't even put into words but anyway
that is why I am going to end the video
I am honestly so happy right now as you
can tell thank you all so much for
tuning in and watching this and finally
we got one after all this time after all
the draft we finally got a 190 but that
is the end of the video if you have
enjoyed them please much alike if we
could hit 2,000 lights for this one 90
foot draft that'd be absolutely
incredible if you want me to actually go
into the tournament and play some games
with this team in a separate video then
tell me in the conversation below and
obviously of course hit that like button
but as always I've been more you guys
have been awesome and I'll see you in
the next video peace out
