right so today we have something a
little bit different the YouTuber Hunger
Games
yo guys it's morgues and today we have a
youtuber Hunger Games now some of you
may remember this because I did one of
these videos on about six thousand subs
but a lot of you won't remember this so
if you don't know what this is it's a
website where you enter a bunch of
people's names and pictures and you can
simulate a whole Hunger Games so you can
do with your friends or just people you
know today I decided to do it with
youtubers we got some bigger ones some
smaller ones and yeah it should be quite
funny
James X rashon Z ash hydro and the real
that I made share everything they
gathered before running dual sins rips a
mace out of Kraft his hands I swift
finds a bow some arrows and a quiver
monster clutches a first aid kit and
runs away seven sets an explosive off
killing Malloy first death goodbye
Malloy I run away with a lighter and
some rope trow Pez sprains his ankle
while running away from Jesus rob n
picks flowers Oh retard alert swarms II
Mars bar and skills HD successfully
ambush and kill crafty little jello and
Joey super cool food reviews nellis
kills Chris MD with a hatchet five
cannon shots can be heard in the
distance goodbye Malloy crafty jello
Joey super cool food reviews and Chris
MD its Hebert convinces keemstar to
snuggle with him sv2 and the real SMA
huddle for wall
TRO Pez tanks King Manny's food killing
him leafy James X me and keemstar home
for the tributes jewel Sims steals from
Mars bar while he's are looking not the
only thing he stole from Mars bar
Ryan Franklin runs away from McLovin
Joe Pez falls to the ground but kick
swarm z hard enough to then push him
into the fire a fire ball strikes dance
killing him a fireball strike McLovin
killing her fireball strike for shawnzy
ash killing him Nellis kills its Hebert
in order to utilize a body of water
safely and then the same thing happened
with seven and keemstar rip jarmila real
SMA and G's a failed to find a safe spot
and suffocate the fire catches up to
morgues killing him
ah
fireball strikes Ryan Franklin killing
him ziovo and monster both suffocate
then wizzy kills mars bar in order to
utilize a body of water safely 17 cannon
shots can be heard in the distance King
Manny Robin swarm Z dance skills HD
McLovin
rashon Z hush Haber keemstar SMA G's a
me Ryan Franklin SV - ziovo monster and
Mars bar dual since frozen knife into
trousers chest
wizzy falls into a pitch and dies visit
dies from an infection Nellis frozen
knife into leafies head for cannon shots
coming here in the distance show PES
wizzy Visser and leafy I swift attack 7
but tricky central protects him and
kills ice with spectra dies trying to
escape the arena 7 bashes the pro-gamer
Jays head in with a fucking mace a mace
Jesus so wolves have just been let into
the arena an Ellis is eaten by a wolf
and so is a man 5 cannon shots can be
heard in the distance I swift spectra
pro gamer Jay Nellis and hydro five
people left 7 jewel sins mermail tricky
and James X 7 and Jolson's
huddle for warmth Mel Mel sets up camp
for the night and tricky central
silently snaps James X's neck tricky
central convinces Momo not to kill him
only to kill him instead 7 unknowingly
eat toxic berries jewel sins is engulfed
in the cloud of poisonous smoke for
cannon shots can be heard in the
distance
James X Momo 7 and jewel sins so that
means I think the winner is tricky
central from district 8 so
congratulations to tricky central there
all the placements for this round as you
can see I came 20th which is not good at
all why I'm actually going to do now is
replay the entire thing and just tell
you like lick the key results but the
winner for round one is tricky central
Mars bar dual sins skills ER and i swift
have just killed
selves seven cannon shots compared in
the distance start around one seven
people have died Hebert Mars bar jewel
sins skills er I swift Momo and die oboe
and Joey super cool food reviews or
knowingly eat toxic berries hello all
avoid eyes from eatin five more common
shots coming here in the distance leafy
joey typical food reviews monster real
SMA and hydro visit forces james x to
kill Ryan Franklin or me and he killed
Ryan Franklin
hey so a volcano has erupted in the
center of the arena I survived
Don's dies Specter survives pro gamer J
dies Malloy dies visit eyes Robert N
survives seven and wizzy both die tropas
dies rashon z ash survives chris md
survives crafty dies james ex dies
tricky central survives nellis survives
and gz dies Ashanti ash attempts to
climb a tree but falls to his death to
cannon shots can be heard in the
distance Chris MD and little jello no
way keemstar drowns sv to who he thought
was a shark trying to eat him tricky
central mistakes morgues for a bear and
kills him I mean I know I'm fat but
don't really look like a bear oh my god
no way tricky central kills Robert n for
her supplies to kind of shots come here
in the distance
keemstar and robber n the winner is
tricky central from district 8 out of 36
people the same person wins twice we've
just done the exact same thing for the
second time with a completely new
simulation and tricky central has won it
again well that is it for this Hunger
Games video
big congratulations to tricky he's
managed to win both of them in the
second one I did get fourth place though
behind keemstar so that's pretty good
but I hope you have enjoyed this video
is pretty different - I usually upload
but is gaming and a lot of you I've been
saying you would like more gaming so
hopefully you've enjoyed this sorry if
you weren't included in this obviously I
can only pick 36 people and I want to
make top of it with some of the youtubes
I actually watch and if you do want me
to do another one these hunger games me
then comment down below and also leave a
like but that is about it so as always
I've been more you guys have been
awesome and I'll see you in the next
video peace out
