yo guys it's mugs and today I'm going to
be showing you how you can get some
fever points for free sort of but just
before we enter that you may have
noticed this shirt I'm wearing right now
this is actually some brand new apparel
which will be coming within the next few
weeks so hopefully you're all excited by
anyway what I do have you guys today
it's a different way that you can get
some fever point absolutely free because
as we all know getting people points is
not only hard but really expensive also
this is a very good time to do this as
the team of the season period is getting
closer and closer and I don't know about
you guys but I tend to spend a lot of
fifa points when that period gets here
also the third just quickly mention that
this is a time consuming method it's not
gonna happen straight away but at the
end it will all be worth it because you
will have yourself some free fifa points
and I realized that this video will not
be for everyone cuz obviously I can't
please everyone but there will be a new
video out soon for you guys to look
forward to anyway now let's get into how
you can get yourself some free fifa
points using your mobile phone so if you
have an iPhone iPad or iPod touch like
I'm using right now go to your iOS
Safari app and then go to app nano comm
to actually get onto the website or you
can go to get nano comm to install the
app directly onto your iOS device or if
you have Android just search appnana in
the Google Play Store to get it onto
your actual Android device so now here
we are on the website and the first
thing you are going to want to do is
obviously register and make an account
using your email address and obviously a
password which is up to you
so I've just entered my email and
password and logged in and as you can
see there is a number on the screen now
these are your nanos and basically these
are what you're going to be using to
purchase your points with and the cool
thing about this is you don't actually
have to purchase points there's also a
lot of different things that you can buy
which I'll show you now so we are on the
rewards section and if I just scroll
through you will see this Amazon there's
iTunes PayPal Xbox and ps4 cards are the
main things that we are going to be
doing because obviously we buy those and
then we purchase FIFA points with the
Xbox and the PlayStation cards but you
can also get GTA shark cards steam cards
and even Bitcoin cards so there's a lot
of rewards that I can get and these
actually changed some new things
and it quite frequently so as you can
see to purchase a five pound PlayStation
card that is 140,000 nanos so we're not
quite there as we only have 15 thousand
eight hundred now this may seem like
quite far away but now I'm going to show
you how you can actually earn some more
nanos in order to purchase those
PlayStation cards or whatever reward you
actually want so now we are on the
middle section which is get Nana's and
as you can see there is quite a few
options of how you can actually get
yourself some nanos the first one is by
installing the app nano actual app so
we're going to go ahead and do that now
so now what we're going to do is just
click the top option which is atmanah
sync click go and it will actually take
us to this little thing here which says
install and then literally all gonna
have to do is click install and then I
scan see if you just go to your devices
home screen there is up Nana sync now if
I click on that and just click trust so
we are on the app now and because this
is the official up man up they require
that you actually login with your
account that you've just made in order
to get your 500 nano so that is what
we're just going to do now so we've just
logged onto our account so if we go off
the app now and head back to the Safari
and there you go as you can see we just
received 500 nanos which is already a
pretty good start seen as we haven't
really even done anything yet so one of
the ways you can get Nana's is in the
name appnana just downloading apps will
get you some points and this is really
good because it's free and you may
actually like some of the apps that
you're downloading so if we just do one
now as a demonstration we could download
titan slots too so if we just click on
it click go it will actually read it for
us to the App Store where we can click
get install the app so the apps
installed and I've just actually done on
it for 30 seconds now if we head back to
Safari onto up nanners we should've
earned ourselves some credits and Bank
there they are 1,500 new Nana's from
doing something which takes 30 seconds
not bad so that is one of the ways we
can get nanos but there's actually
another way which will help out all of
us want a nice few invite codes so if
you go to the invite section you will
have an invite code and obviously I have
which you can see on the screen right
now
what you can do with that invite
carriages give it to people which I'm
you to the app this could be your
friends your family your schoolmates
your dog it could be anyone so to
actually use an invite code you have to
head back to the middle section which is
get nanos and there you will see right
at the top a box which says others
invitation code here is where you enter
the codes and then obviously click the
orange button which says enter so here's
the cool part
if you enter someone's code into the box
not only will you get 2500 nanos but
they will - so you can enter my code
which is right there into the box not
only would you get some points I would
choose which would benefit us both and I
believe you can enter as many codes as
you actually want into the box so here
is where all of team logs work together
to get a lot of nanos when I say a lot I
mean a lot so what I want you to do
right now is post your invitation code
in the comment section below so that
means all the people browsing through
can use your code which will of course
give you some manners as well as then
also you can go ahead and browse the
comment section use some of their codes
which will give you points as well as
them this will basically benefit all of
us if we all work together and paws down
there as well as using some other
people's codes think of how many team
ORS members we've got here if let's say
100 people post their codes in the
conversation below just imagine how many
points that is as every time you use an
invitation code you get 2,500 we could
basically all be born in fever points
right now just think of the massive
amount of nanos we could all generate if
we all work together with the invitation
codes and of course a massive amount of
nanos means a massive amount of FIFA
points which also means you can be ready
for the team of the season and also not
have to spend as much money as you
usually would have so as I said this is
a time consuming method and it's not
going to happen in a matter of minutes
but this is a great option for the
people which obviously don't have the
money to go out and buy a ton of FIFA
points but this isn't clickbait or lying
in any way you will get yourself some
free fifa points if you show a bit of
patience and also work together in the
comment section below obviously with the
invite codes I know it may be boring at
times but you will actually be getting
yourself real-life money
from downloading pass and obviously
enter in some invite codes is not a bad
deal in my eyes and I've been doing it
for a while now and as really helped me
out in making videos and of course
preparing for the team of the season
period but I really hope you have
enjoyed this different style of video
and if you have a light would be much
appreciated hopefully you all understood
why I was saying I'm doing but if you
didn't then check the description right
now as there will be another explanation
of what to do down there I will
definitely be continuing to do this
method as is worked so well for me and
hopefully will work well for all of you
guys so if this video being a bit
different to usual but I really do like
to mix things up every now and again
unload a different type of video to the
channel and I would really like to hear
what you guys have thought about this
video as well in the comment section
below and if you can reach 1000 likes
that would be really really awesome as
well but I've been morgues you guys have
been awesome and I'll see you in the
next video peace Oh
