I'm gonna donate $500 to this girl right
here
that is that is yo guys it's bugs and
today I'm back and I'm gonna be donating
a lot more money to twitch stream I'm
just fine so I'll never gonna be
donating it but I'm gonna be doing it in
the weirdest ways possible watch right
till the end guys because this is gonna
be like 10 different donation videos all
in one of course that means we're gonna
be giving away is because I'll quit
thanks sponsors this video and instead
of me keeping the money I'm gonna be
obviously giving away two streamers
before we do so most of you already know
about Quinn because it's blowing up like
crazy and boy is it that way you can
open packs get stickers and tax them all
to your friend Quinn has Marvel stickers
gamer own stickers Ricky boy stickers in
the world
so in this for a girl pack I've got
agent coulson black
right then as you can see I can text all
those stickers to my friends or in this
case my mom because I don't have any
friends my username is just more guys so
dunno the contract with me see if you
complete my collection guys the link is
in the description below ok guys so
before we can lead to some four nice
dreamers I think we should pick one
lucky kid and donate a load of money to
him what do you think me no not you yeah
no yeah no so I went into the Minecraft
section and I found this guy right here
Joe gray he looks like allegis and he's
got a 60 pound donation goal when he
hits die he can get a new microphone so
I'm gonna go in with the 100 pound
donation and then you know my boy can
get a new microphone here we go boys and
girls 100 pound submits donation I am so
excited for this
Oh God Yahweh's done guys it's done
microphone microphone the microphone
this guy oh he's such a legend okay yo
this guy seems like too much of a legend
to just leave it that I'm donating 200
this time the donation message screw on
microphone you get five microphones
hashtag everybody call it dog lo hi
gentlemen
Joey Stone is actually doing actually
these baby beard again guys while we
wait for Joe to fix I guess because we
broke in if you haven't already
subscribed to the channel do that right
now and then call in your twitch name in
the comment section below and who knows
maybe for the next video I'll pick you
the donate to you but you have to be
subscribed just keep screaming Joe you
donated you three hundred pounds at
least you can do is put on a good show
guys before we go either donate him one
more 50 pounds and say thanks for
putting on a good show you legend
hashtag MC gang hashtag minecraft for
life and hash tag at Joe a microphone
it's gone
Jesus what a flipping legend okay guys
so for the next donation i am i Julie so
excited for this one this is literally
gonna be hilarious so as you can see I
didn't even know this but my friend Ryan
is streaming FIFA right now I know this
guy for like two years he's been in
loads of my videos why I've done is I've
created a fake twitch called its Hebert
is bad I'm gonna leave him some a as the
message but donate loads of money so I
don't know let's do okay so the message
is you suck and I'm gonna donate 250
pounds this is why you shouldn't give me
money like oh this guy could beat me
open person
okay so we found an extreme he's
streaming for tonight he looks like 10 I
don't know he might be like 11 12 maybe
but this guy has only ever has 59 views
on his streams and if you look at his
donation button it says if you donate
you're probably my first donation so how
about we make his first donation ever
500 powers that's the biggest one yet
guys I'm not 250 pounds over only 59
total views sounds a bit like my channel
I actually cannot believe I'm doing this
but 500 right now you're about to be the
richest kid in school like Oh guys I'm
so done you heard the kid guys go down
there subscribe to mugs bro you'll get
some free money on Twitch oh no guys I
think we broke an ugly kid okay so I'm
pretty sure stop it
I'm pretty sure we broke that last kid
so why did guys I pile on all my social
medias Twitter snapchat Instagram that
I'm gonna be donating to one lucky
subscriber so no more guys I found the
subscriber and number two if you already
follow me on all three of my socials go
follow me because I always like you guys
know when I'm doing these donation
videos so if you follow me on all those
you've got a chance of being the next
person but this will probably be funny
okay so before we go in with the massive
donation I think what we should do is
test if this guy is a true team or
member so I'm gonna do
ten dollars with the message and as
always I've been molds you guys have
been awesome and I'll see you in the
next video blank blank and then I'm
saying at the complete this surprise
okay guys yeah thank you so much
kara I think what we need right now is
an oh my god calm guys he's just running
to a game right now so I'm gonna donate
with the message every kill in this game
equals $100 every kill equals $100 100
bro you can do this
now come on Barry Bilbo
Bilbo he's been up builders these dogs
he's running before okay
please say for coffee isn't a bad
disadvantage er oh oh this is intense
Chief Jack Franklin funnyman dad tell
that no to love me internet more Cicely
she ate my stream oh come on you gotta
do this boom get now oh he's doing well
he's playing very defensive but it's
actually kind of work in the storm oh my
god Jill he's gone father just that's
one fast one that's $100 you know
hundred dollars come on get him come on
Lukey bro come on you got this oh geez
he's getting shot oh nice I like that I
like intense oh my where the foot
because push it push it
oh no this guy's disturbed what's
happening see I can't even breathe
don't let this guy's children know this
is not this that's some good builder pro
this guy's on a mountain madness builder
he sees any season
both cause
yo so we giving him is 200 I don't know
give him an extra 50 50 extra cuz he
would have had that guy bro he all
killed by someone else that's 702 oh
well yeah I think we need to get me
stupidly
oh my god we obviously confuse way of 1x
your wait war thank you so much bro this
guy's a legend that's so cool okay next
we've switched back on to the good old
game a kid 750 and I'm gonna donate $500
to this girl right here
and I'm gonna tell her that it was from
my bonus credit card you guys moved what
I did that so let's do it again one more
time
$500 donation with the donation message
I just don't mean me mom's credit card
you're my satellite streamer so you can
have the money for good giving the
biggest donation so far to go no give me
my
that is that is shine one it's in the
room before the fire
oh no it's from the longer towel
no she's reading it yes she's happy does
she they're real I mean it's real what
he says in the message hey mister
grandma's pretty clear I hope you didn't
it's me then I get refunds yeah I keep
it anyway yeah I keep it no I mean she's
she's broken I think we broke another
streamer are you serious I'm serious
serious I'm just kind of angry right now
wait why you won't even buy me a pop you
show me Kara it's literally a donating I
can't just give you fuck you like you
like I thought you loved me no I think
she's cut is she calling
yeah I'm crying you betrayed me what way
older I think she's actually crying
gender equality Congress donate to guys
that's fine
now I'm gonna find a new streamer before
Kara breaks up with me I don't even like
you me sliding out of your life
kara you know walk soon as you mad at me
take one of these guys any one of them
okay I mean okay okay let's go your
message is my name is Jeff I smile I see
the smile let's see the smile guys let's
finish off with one more donation I
found this kid right here
he looks pretty young and bro we're
gonna go in there how much 200 billion
I'll go 2 billion bro we're going with a
200 I'm finish you all hopefully with a
high I asked him to do it for guidance
IRL we're about to see the four guys
down IRL right
you ready what is he doing yo he's got
it he's got it kind of he kind of got it
he got the moves kind of kinda got the
moves nothing on me but roll the clip I
think we broke another kid oh he's back
he's back I must get him to sub commodes
on youtube I gotta get some new
subscribers out there the only road to
for Milly we need some new subscribers
if you want me to donate to you in my
next donation video then go down down
follow all my other social medias all
the links are in the description below
and also subscribe to the channel so you
don't miss the next donation video I
didn't comment your twitch names in the
conversation below also guys if you
haven't already go down to the
description and download quit is such a
fun art I'm sure you guys will love it
thank you all so much for watching if
you haven't already and leave a like on
the video subscribe to the channel and
as always I've been moved
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video peace out
