yo guys it's morgues and today we have
my first P o box opening and just before
we get into it I do want to say that if
you want to send anything to be open in
a video just like all these awesome
people up then I will leave the address
that you can send it to in the
description below and also on the screen
here
all you have to do is write that on the
front of whatever you send letter a box
you know it could be anything and I'll
open it on video here so we've got a lot
of packages to the left of me which we
are going to be opening here on camera
and once a massive thank you to
everybody that sent anything for this
video and anyone this plan on sending
anything um thank you just for again and
uh let's do this I forgot knife we need
to go get one oh well yeah okay we made
it rip so we gotta know that's pretty
cool and also some toxic wastes
hopefully you haven't poisoned these so
we send on some co-op pictures of some
of my thumbnails and also some of my
logos so thankful for that and also know
I've seen your video since 2015 to 16
you have a very good potential of
getting through the YouTube stage is a
bigger youtuber you must take a lot of
time out of your day to do this amazing
video editing and thumbnails thanks a
lot man it does take a lot of work I
really appreciate that you stopped
buying me through such a long time
period here we go ah that's awesome
I thought for that goal of Joran he says
he's been watching me for six months
which is a long time so thanks a lot
where this was sent I was on about
22,000 subscribers so this was quite a
while ago actually
thanks a lot that does mean a lot to me
mm okay so this looks like another no oh
he's actually said that he would prefer
if I read this off-camera but won't we
down camera I'll put that on my desk and
I'll read that after the video but
thanks a lot for sending something to me
and yeah I'll read it off camera like
you requested so now we move it onto
this package which is actually from New
Zealand which is about 11 hours for me
on the plane which is age of the way so
I've been very excited to open this for
a while
I assume I need the knife there we go
we're in room boys oh look at this we
have a ton of candy yes
okay so alone over here pull that to the
side in here we have a licorice chop
block perky nother we have a creamy milk
and we also have a pineapple lump so we
actually send on some candy
all the way from New Zealand which I
find absolutely awesome if you want me
to do a video trying some of that then
tell me and I will do but now we'll read
the note real quickly hey Mors hope all
is well just want you to tell these I
love your videos and you have inspired
me to start my own YouTube channel
called hist ik this is a mystic I know
istic yes enjoy the chocolates from ef'n
thank you so much month what do we have
in here oh this looks interesting I can
only describe your videos by awesome I
want to say thank you thanks a lot man
so this'll all know and now we're gonna
get into this I think this might be a
drawing but that's a lot to send enough
so yeah as you can see here is a well
drawing and thanks a lot for sending
that man so this is a letter but it
feels really hard
oh is it's really non Claude that's
awesome Ivan so there is a drawing by
Lawson thank you so much for sending
that man but now let's move on so here
we have another awesome package this is
from Australia and I believe this is
some Australian food to do for a video
again if you want that then comment down
below but let's open this and just make
sure is actually the Australian food oh
this smells really weird fine so the
first thing we have is Jon peas chicken
flavored crunchy potato snacks raspberry
filled milk flavoring straws God knows
what this stuff is we've got cookies and
cream it's flavoured straws again we
have this massive violent crumble bar
you know me I love my food so hopefully
this
nice burger rings what is this stuff hey
we've got a tube of Vegemite which I
don't know if I'm really that excited to
try but I'll give it a go
this fit oh my god
another visit is by different colour
we've got a dairy milk caramel koala
which I'm actually pretty excited for
because everyone knows Dairy Milk
freakin nice do you know what hey and
then we've also got a bunch of these
little sweets which I assume I like
bubble gum or something and then a Dairy
Milk freddo
but different too in England and also a
cherry ripe Wow if you want me to try
all of that in a separate food test to
the New Zealand one then again tell me
in the comment section below but my name
in glitter
that is awesome hey Morgan so proud of
how far you have come
keep it up you are awesome thank you so
much and thanks a lot for all this candy
and now finally the biggest box of all
is this now I think I know what this is
boom yes I think we're in so basically
what we are here is it freaking keyboard
and mouse like oh my god so the person
that sent this is called mah HD and a
few days ago I tweeted out saying really
need a keyboard and mouse for my dad's
house anybody know any good brands and
then saw an any literally pop talked to
me saying I'll buy you on which is
absolutely incredible it came out of
nowhere and here it is haha so here we
have the keyboard it's wireless - which
is awesome they silent what is awesome
so the brand is amazing crazy now but
listen to house and verses that is
amazing and I believe there's a mouse in
here too
look at that you know that's a pretty
old suppose I'm again pretty silent
dance or not mono you'll be watching
this thanks so much for sending out for
me out of nowhere
I've you I didn't expect it but thank
you so much so that the end of the pier
box opening I just want a quick
say if you have enjoyed them please much
like on the video and also if you guys
want to send anything as I said at the
start of the video the pure box will be
in the description below just write that
I'm what you want to send and it will
get to me to be open in a video and
again a must-have thank you to everybody
that sent everything for this video you
guys are absolute legends and I really
really do appreciate it so yes much like
the video that'd be amazing
1250 lights would be incredible if we
could do that that honestly made my day
and if you've got any questions or
feedback you want to leave then just
leave it in the comment section below
that really really be awesome and help
me out a lot honestly the support you
guys are leaving at the moment is
amazing and honestly overwhelming so
thank you all so much and it really does
mean a lot to me but as always I've been
more you guys have been awesome I'll see
you in the next video peace out
