yo guys it's balls Wow guys it smells
today we have the helium challenge oh my
god yeah
so today guys what we are going to be
doing is the helium challenge so I have
a ton of balloons and I also have a ton
of youtubers folded up on pieces of
paper in this massive bowl what I'm
gonna do is stick my hand into the bowl
pick a youtuber then we're gonna do
their intro or just something about them
with helium we're basically just gonna
be impersonating youtubers and it's
gonna be completely random and it should
be funny so I'm first of all we're gonna
shake these up
hi I'm not looking here we go we're
gonna put my hand in and pick one and it
is que si well guys your boy que si a
legit apk oh god that was so bad
next one is gonna be wroetoshaw oh dear
Wow oh my god how am i losing
how-how-how
right so I'm just saying it and in this
video I'm all my god some of these
impressions are absolutely awful so yeah
please don't abuse me in the comment
section next one is comedyshortsgamer
hey guys
comedyshortsgamer here Joella oh this
one should be funny table coffee table
washer mation washing machine what the
 are you doing PewDiePie the no
subscribed youtuber definitely gonna be
watching this hey guys
brave face but that's all I can think of
luck I don't know how else to say no mo
FIFA HD hello ladies and gentlemen my
name is mafia HT oh oh
so does sue don't you oh my god why am I
doing this
spectra HD have you guys this is
factories leaf is the terrier sound
 up you Oh No Joey's
will talk oh this is the one that was
excited for I really hope we get Joey's
we'll talk hi everyone its Joe and Joey
super cool food reviews I got a jelly
from go simple food reviews ibh HD game
is 2050 this is how the young guys HD
gamers here and today we have another
glitch on black ops 3 their eyes and
Rach I'm sorry she gave us that I love
you really vikkstar123 hey guys it's me
because I want you free and today we
have another minecraft let's play
hopefully I don't get raped by
lionmaker same night it for this
youtuber impressions video oh my god
good so dies it for this video I really
hope you have enjoyed I tried to do some
big challenge boss there's some smaller
channels so if you were one of the
people in this video then tell me in the
conversation below and I really hope
that you guys did enjoy this I've still
got quite a few names left so I may as
well keep this bowl and if you do want
another youtuber impressions video then
tell me in the conversation below and
I'll do some more with this
helium's so if I offended anyone in this
video I didn't mean to so if you have
enjoyed the video then please much alike
1000 lights would be absolutely
incredible I've obviously made my day if
you guys could all tweet this video to
some of the bigger youtubers and it then
that'd be really really awesome so
hopefully some of them can actually see
the video yeah as always I've been mold
you guys have been awesome and I'll see
you in the next video peace out
I
