yo guys ice gem head here and today we
have another video oh my god button show
yo guys
fat prick here and god I can't do this
yo guys it's morgues and today we have a
pretty special video because we hit
25,000 subscribers Wow
so first of all I just want to apologize
for this video being a little bit late
wrong like 26 miles an hour which is mad
boom I don't really have any excuses I'm
just not very consistent unfortunately
but sorry about that and let's get into
the video so I've had this channel for
about a year I've been uploading
consistently for about a probably about
ten months and the progress we have made
is just unbelievable the progress that
the channels made and also in my eyes
the progress that I've made and I'm a
trash I'm cocky it's just like we've
gone from this to this now which
admittedly is an amazing but at least we
are making progress so this is my 25,000
subscribers special and just before we
get into the more exciting part of this
video I just want to take the time to
say a humongous gigantic a massive thank
you for you guys every single one either
supports me it means so much to me even
if you just click on a video even if you
don't stay it honestly means so much for
me I can't put into words like 25,000
people is a lot and to be honest with
you guys I don't think that's not bad
for a 14 year old boy who sits inside
all day has no eyebrows has hair like a
nice gem and has one of the most weird
voices on the internet you know just
casually mugging myself off in my own
video SiC and I really just do need to
say a massive thank you to you guys cuz
the support that you leave on my videos
is immense you're always you know
encouraging me to make new videos always
helping me out you know we made a
snapchat only a few days ago which
already has over 500 like followers
we've got Twitter with over 3000
followers we've got YouTube with over
25,000 and I am honestly quite proud of
myself under I couldn't be here without
you guys the support that you leave just
MOA mates me to carry on and there's
always haters
but they are completely irrelevant this
is one of my biggest tip for you guys
are starting out you cannot listen to
the haters because they don't mean a
thing as long as you have people
supporting you on your channel the
haters don't mean anything the best
thing is to just block them and just
don't let them in or you because trust
me they're not worth your time
inspirational talks with mugs 2016 you
know to be honest I'm not one of the
best people to give our advice because
obviously I'm still young and 14 I'm
gonna make a lot of mistakes feeling
forward in my YouTube boy it is
important that you guys do kind of guide
me because there's a lot of you guys
have watched me which you're like 18
plus I guess and I'm gonna make mistakes
you know I'm pretty young not just
because I'm young but every youtuber
makes mistakes and I just really hope
that you guys can see me through them
and actually help me out because I am
gonna make mistakes and it's best to
actually accept it so that we can work
on it when they do happen but for now I
think I'm doing pretty well and you guys
are doing amazing and you know
motivating me and helping me because the
support that you leave is honestly
amazing
now 25k is a major goal in my eyes
because not only is it half way to 50k
we are now a quarter of the way to 100k
and you may be thinking a quarter isn't
that much but I remember when our sire
on 2500 now I was thinking we're a
quarter of the way to 10,000 and we got
that pretty quick so hopefully the same
thing happens on our journey at 100 cave
right so that's the first part of the
video out of the way and now we go into
the second part now you guys that do
follow me over on Twitter will probably
know about this I'm probably know why
it's coming right now but around a week
ago I tweeted out something which I now
massively regret if this tweet gets 250
retweets I will attempt to eat a full
tub of toxic waste in my 25,000
subscribers special we got 250 retweets
in the first day bang so here we have
the toxic waste
I hope they look cool by the way and I
bought these for 1 pound 13 and now
basically if you don't know these are
these are pretty sour candy now you guys
may be thinking you know one toxic waste
isn't that bad admittedly isn't that bad
to just eat one but I think there's
about 20 of these
in the top and we are going to be trying
to eat all 20 bruh I'm not gonna lie
guys I'm honestly really nervous like I
saw one person tweeted me instead that
he did this once and his tongue started
bleeding why am I doing this to myself
so basically in a tub is filled with
individual packets now I'm gonna have to
open every single individual packet and
then you guys get the get the drill oh
very nervous I'm gonna try and eat 14
sour candies at once why what am I
actually gonna gain from doing this
what's the point in this
oh my life what pocket opened bang in
the tub so this is now filled with them
let me try and catch focus in there as
you can see they're all in there that's
the sound of death
help me whoo hi then so instead 25,000
subscribers everyone Cheers
subscribe for good quality entertainment
a swallow tulip to flower
that means we're down to eight what I
think nobody good at maths ah oh they
have to taste the aftertaste is game to
make nor yesterday's soups ghostly
Malibu in the aftertaste
oh god I went really red yeah 25,000
subscribers Cheers
I honestly bet there'll be that one kid
in the comments that accuses me of
overreacting like me if you think I
overreacted you go out buy a whole
frickin top of these and tri-d and then
let's see what bloody happens oh god man
that was horrible you know what I bet
bean boozled I've had a vinegar shot of
air banana with the peel and I've drank
hot sauce but I think that might be the
worst yet just because my tongue is
burning right now oh my god so if you
new to the channel then please subscribe
because who won't want to watch a 14
year old out like an idiot in front of
the camera I mean what time to be alive
I'm alright no more hugs you're not
right
alright thank you new goal 50 K before
August the sick that's my birthday
yeah well that was a little bit awkward
but guys remember to smash a like on the
video if you have enjoyed 1000 lives
would be absolutely amazing that would
honestly make my day and I'm sorry that
haven't been too consistent recently in
terms of the uploads I am working on it
but I'm trying to put a lot more effort
and make the videos a lot higher quality
so hopefully you are noticing that I am
trying to do that for you guys and
hopefully you are enjoying the videos
lately because I'm really really trying
to get them perfect for you guys my last
video I recorded three times just
because I weren't happy with it
dedication no guys that is about it once
again thank you so much for the amazing
support if you guys stay being
absolutely awesome
I'll stay making videos for as long as I
can but guys I've always I've been Lords
you guys have been awesome
and I'll see you in the next video peace
out 1,000 likes and I'll give away my
dog
