yo guys it's mugs and today we are going
to be reacting to some more fat morgg's
videos and you may be wondering why fat
mugs
let me tell you so about a year ago I
used to like be really fat and when I'm
talking really fat I mean like way old
size like I'm pretty fat now but I
genuinely used to look like a meatball
had the body complexion of a sack of
potatoes I looked like a football round
that dragged on and yet I used to make
videos back then and basically not long
ago I reacted to a few of them and I
kept saying fat moles over and over
again and it got meme to shit like
literally all over Twitter was fat
morgues and basically whenever anyone
spoke about like my old videos or how I
used to look they referred to me as fat
morgue so that is where it came from and
today we are going to be reacting to
some of the best videos from the quality
youtuber himself fat morgg's I'm
literally talking about him like it's
someone else but it's literally me
alright then so here we have a Minecraft
Hunger Games with face cam video there's
got 45 views and 9 likes what one of
them was me so so eight likes but yeah I
did FaceTime in this video and I looked
extremely fat so we are gonna be
watching this right now
hit that fullscreen no Hunger Games so
let's go pin watching my first video
look at my face I look like a meatball
what is this I'm doing what to start
I'll look like an absolute oh my god
right so do you know that shit I was
wearing that blue one that's an
extra-large I still have this to this
day and it is absolutely massive on me
it's like a dress and whole shit been
mined at this time I was about 12 years
old and I was an extra-large like what
was my life like I'm a medium now I used
to be able to extra-large man oh my god
like if my old videos are making me
cringe I don't even want to know what
they're doing to you guys if anyone dies
by cringe in this video I'm not
responsible oh my look at my face thing
is look at the hair why is the hair I
don't get it it's just like in my shit
now but come on look at that
I've already reacted to this one and
it's just cringe man just the cringe
levels are unbelievable here we have a
channel introduction for a legendary
gamers HD which is what my youtube name
used to be when I did it with a friend
who is watching this right now there is
the video
to gamers ah no ah they both play fifa
this Oh
girly Gbagbo and other games like
Minecraft Cod and more oh look at this
look at this minecraft PvP Oh knife and
everyone get rekt they made a YouTube
channel oh yes to prove they are the
best gamers of the cringe look it up
pike oh another knife oh oh that's
intense allah intends minecraft gameplay
get ready to watch Oh
minecraft I probably get regular fucking
raped by lie maker oh that's the shit
that's the extra large blue shirt lads
legendary gamers HD let's go let's move
these credits and is it my Morgan
production designer Bailey director of
photography Morgan casting by Morgan
Plus Bailey music by AHA the cringe
well that was fucking trick power that
might call a holy crap
oh my god now just just die just kill it
before it breeds man that screaming what
the fuck man oh my god Matt I just can't
anymore this the cringe levels on this
video I'll just through the roof right
now alright so next we have a pretty
controversial video back in the old days
this was the video released after a
change my youtube name to wait for it
angry gamer HD so uh yes I did change my
youtube name angry gamer HD and this is
the video I made about it it was called
it is done and it got six likes and free
dislikes alright no seriously guys oh my
god at this time I had like hundred subs
legit who would shop for this shit oh my
god damn again HD I'm today we are in
another video
there's been a while guys I have a
reason I have a reason shut up I got the
new iPhone 6 and you guys law so you get
a new phone and that apparently stops
you making videos sort your commitment
our angry gamer HD you are not doing
very well and you should be more
committed to YouTube
I expected better from such a quality
YouTube like Angry Gammage D and now we
are a football montage which M archibald
my work into editing and it was just so
bad like me at football it just didn't
work and this is a football montage so
without further ado grab your popcorn
grab your frickin gamma and let's watch
this to be fair the song choice is
pretty good
oh whoa go
look at me look at me this was like fat
logs in his prime look at that fucking
belly like oh my god
oh what a strike look at belly look at
it look at it bouncing look at it
Madonna okay look at freaking oh look at
that belly lights oh my God look at him
the beat it's good a job oh look at I
had it that was some top-quality edit in
there like 10 all the says I can't edit
did you see that did you see that flare
as a shot I was so sick edit in I'm
joking by the way it was absolutely
tragic I think I speak for everyone when
I say that is enough of that video just
look at the bed in the background I
don't even bother making it for a
frickin video like I make it now just so
what my rule doesn't look like a shit
tip but then I didn't care I just slap
my body in front of a camera and start
talking to punch of shit knowledge it I
am that's that's enough guys I'm that's
enough so yeah that is about it for this
video and just a few things to cover
before the video ends basically I'm
going to be smashing the next week hard
I've got uploads planned for Sunday
Monday Tuesday and maybe even Wednesday
as well so these next few days you're
gonna be seeing a lot of videos so
remember to keep up keep up can you
can't you know shows up I just genuinely
don't like that song like it just really
grinds my gears but anyway we're off
topic
second thing is most people that ordered
their merch on like the first few days
we've actually received it now and
they've been sending me pictures of them
wearing our Twitter and everyone seems
to be satisfied with it everyone seems
to think it's good quality so nice
really good you know I went lying when I
said it is good quality I genuinely did
pick like the highest quality materials
and the highest quality like actual
designs if that makes sense so I'm glad
that you guys enjoy and if you guys are
watching this that I've got the merch
you make me feel very very special and
very happy right guys so that's the end
of this video if you do want to see more
videos from the absolute legend himself
fat molds / angry game HD / legendary
gamers / Morgan gaming I've quite a lot
of channel names then leave it in the
my section below also if you have
watched all the way till the end comment
the fat malt is the best youtuber ever
heard no I orgy I just really want to
see the comment section spam with her
but yeah if we could smash 800 likes on
this video that'd be insane
thank you all for 16,000 subscribers by
the way the next special will be out
20,000 subs and it will be a giveaway so
get hyped up for that it's gonna be
pretty epic oh yeah and we forgot one
thing
dico challenge winner is currently on 6
cans
oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit
thank you all so much for the support
and I will see you guys next time peace
out 800 likes and I'll do a fat Mark's
giveaway
