Joe Harrison is mom is literally going
all the way up to town guys please tell
me you see that right mom
yeah is that a steak hello guys and
welcome back to today's adventure and
today is literally gonna be an adventure
my entire life I've always wanted to go
on a treasure hunt it sounds like so
much fun today is the day where I'm
finally gonna be making it happen and
recording it all for you guys basically
I have a metal detector a shovel and all
the equipment and I'm gonna get all the
way to the beach and try and buy some
gold some diamonds some emeralds away
that's minecraft oh yeah guys I honestly
can't wait it's gonna be so much fun
who the hell knows what's gonna happen
in this video I could find something
really looking watch till the end guys
because who knows it could get crazy
Multan while the treasure hunting career
fish and chips cause we're going to the
seaside yeah yeah close we come bro I
say even a question guys if you're new
to the channel get out this I don't want
to weigh in at all you guys let's start
the journey to the beach unless get this
treasure hood the way we'll get you oh
come on the treasure wibbels no oh okay
how about you Bruno
you wanna come down yet no again Oh mom
looks like it's just me and you for this
one okay let's go okay
oh wow should we go
oh that likes guys if we like you leave
on this video it will be good Lord by
treasure so go down back and smash the
light water what mike equals one good
look if you don't like you get bad look
for ya guys let's get started
I'm just
mom-mom
shovel shovel shovel
excited
wait-wait-wait-wait-wait pull it up
I don't believe you spoil my moment wait
hold on
oh my gosh
this is yo the Sun down there bro just
don't fit under that bro
probably still Bieber he's still beeping
well the economies of it under there
wait wait wait wait wait wait carrot dig
dig wait oh my god it's impulse for
Ygritte well hold on I just mean that I
can
this has been a great result guys they
only ever got 20 feet by smell
yo yo yo yo yo you hear that Cara I
think I found something I really like
count no then we found something well
then if your dog yeah we suppose you
take that homework no no it's good like
we almost hunted that guys here
Tricia oh my god something look boys it
what is that
come on oh oh oh wait what the hell are
those can wash in the sea come on Kyra
what is it no you find inhaler golden
halo oh my god she's not oh my god Karen
Oh guys I'm just filming in case you
folks before name I say on your bottom
ah okay
Oh scary house a scary experience it's
very hot I don't more thing I found
something okay yeah
oh my god oh my god we will come here
come here right now come here right now
look at that no wait wait wait wait wait
seriously though seriously I think we've
hit the jackpot that literally looks
like metal yeah
treasure buried treasure I think that
maybe treasure seriously guys I think
we've just hit the jackpot
oh my god oh my god who's that some kind
of metal to blue and chain maybe who
knows oh my god oh my god wanna look
look look look at that do you see that
yeah
shiny oh my god here we go here we go
here we go oh my god Morgan is there any
in it oh I thought it was trapped yeah
should we go for fish and chips now then
okay we don't stop until we find boys
and girls we've just found the next bit
of treasure is it gonna be a diamond is
it gonna be a laptop is it gonna be but
what waiver what could it be mom
something expensive rose yes don't so it
looks like it's right under here really
going on oh my gosh wait what's out
there what is that oh my
it's a it's a nice I know we need a new
knife can take that like oftens it
alright yeah yeah or not I think that's
the best buying of the day yeah come on
mochi it doesn't even work
Oh Oh perhaps it just were you here are
some loans that's like two cans of coke
down actually do you want the Spade
Morgan's mom is literally going all the
way up to ten well do you think you
might found something a Tempe this time
Morgan this is the last thing Diggy
quickly because we're going home it's
gonna be pitch black soon we're not even
our fish and chips yeah come on oh that
sounded like a piece of ward no oh oh
listen to that
guys please tell me you see that right
it's metal mom yeah is that a safe it's
a metal box by the looks of it yes
what's a metal box a safe right I don't
know just go do it big no it's huge it's
huge but whatever it is it's big
just a mini cars before we do it if
there is anything in it was sharing yeah
you wanted to go no I did I think she
wants to go oh my what is it it is oh my
gosh what is it Marty Martin Queen mommy
looks new everything do you see this
it's a shake it
Penina dude we just found a safe just
leaves we found a safe is metal detected
a safe
listen guy anything listen listen don't
listen that looks pretty new if
someone's buried that there I suggest we
just get off this beach now with it yeah
because we put some bodies might have
put it down they might come back for it
I think we're just like it yeah guys
comment down below right now should we
take the safe or should we leave it here
shake it something in it
boy for someone Finders Keepers yep I
would have I would have buried it on a
beach unless it was sweet thing hold on
here
we've just bottle - I know mother you
think it'd be this guy it could be
burgle rain I know I know
take it we have a look in it and then we
tell the please just cut metal my todo
we'll have to just well after this yeah
you think we should take her yeah yeah I
think we actually just found real-life
treasure in the treasure home we're
gonna take this back to the home and
then we're gonna try and crack into it
guys this is crazy
should we go yeah okay guys so if the
next day right now is literally so early
in the morning as soon as I got home I
obviously went to bed I literally could
not sleep because all night I was just
thinking what the hell could be in this
safe there literally would be anything
when I got home last night I had a few
hits on it - trying to enter you can see
this marks all over guys but I'm back
today I've got a stronger hammer
I've got stronger arms cuz I'm not as
tired and basically I'm just gonna try
and break into this thing I have no clue
how we're gonna get in have no clue what
to do here
got this giant metal safe with something
in it and we need to get into it somehow
so what do you say mom should we just
get going yeah don't let go of that
hammer though I feel like fall except
his hammers probably a bit cooler mines
real quick though guys if you haven't
already left to like on this video
please go down there and do it I need
all the look I can get to get into the
same and subscribe if in you guys but no
more time to waste let's do this
so guys no one's done inside we'll just
say just don't know what it's doing mine
that's good of a look yeah well good
stand my mum why because I thought
sailors we can't hammer away in this
merch is fire it's the fire is merch in
the entire world so maybe I can burn my
way into it using the merge done like
this is gonna be intense some bye guys
Oh even the merch can't get into the
safe
it literally indestructible guys
honestly I've been powering this now for
like an hour
the hammer is barely even make anything
on this and the lowest I can do is just
these puny little scrapes guys honestly
I've know what to do have you actually
tried to put some stupid it's a
four-digit combination yeah vieni
four-digit combination you know every
day is hard to do
there's like a million combinations that
could be versus Sanders enter random
numbers I would just do something easy
start with I mean obviously you could
choose try something like one two three
four
mum if someone's hit something cool in
here that obviously not gonna be stupid
enough to put the code is one two three
four okay I'm going to try to help don't
leave it then let's try zero zero zero
zero
one one one one
nein nein nein nein nein nein nein nein
yes that star one two three four I said
one two three four it's not that I want
to freeze okay okay it's just that no
one's that stupid how about like one
five nine nine like down bad 2018 yes
fashion now sable there's anybody that
could take it to to break into it
professionally I don't know I mean God
why are you gonna do turnable something
with a safe it's just um just found it
in the beach they're gonna think you're
lying and they'll call them let's just
try one numbers what can we try Martin 3
2 1 4 3 2 1 4 3 2 1 1 2 3 4 well that's
that we've got a green line uh-huh
should I open it I open it yeah cool yes
open it open it there won't be anything
what's in that mom what's in that mom
what is in that mom what's in there
why are you cook are you crying Morgan
it's morning
are you crying it's full of Molly come
on seriously so just look at it Morgan
it's full of money no you're joking no
seriously it's full of money look one
way seriously put the camera why are you
crying
Morgan just look at it it's full of
money what have we done oh my gosh
the car
everyone well peep I don't know
seriously come look at this this has
been hit recently look at this money
this is all completely real and fresh is
someone gonna come after us for this
what the hell we just found I don't know
should we be happy or concerned about
this we've just found a safe for
thousands of pounds what I think we
should do I don't know Morgan what do
you think we should keep it what you
still know but do you think we should
keep it yeah seriously yeah boy if this
is someone's money that someone's like
lost well they lost it
somebody's behind you know either take
it could we take it do we take it all
I'm sayin is that somebody's put the
money there and they obviously want
somebody to find it and have it then
also yeah everybody yeah if everybody
agrees to that I'd say yeah yeah my
money keep it
guys I honestly cannot believe this but
we just found loads of money now I don't
know who's gonna have this I don't know
who deserves that who wants it I don't
know what we should do with it for guys
like the video right now and subscribe
to my channel and grow maybe I'll give
some of it away to you guys who knows
maybe I'll just split that maybe we'll
just rain it down from the roof guys I
don't know what the hell to do with this
money
but guys totally down what what do you
think I should do with it subscribe if
you're new and I'll see you in the next
video guys what the hell peace
oh Jesus round guys can you believe I
know I'm in shock I'm actually okay man
yeah yourself yeah then we can check
just see how much today's is that kick
Carlos you're gonna have a little break
upstairs and we'll are you gonna tell
him the what guys if you're still
watching this I don't have to say that
this is a prank me and Martin plan this
but took Morgan to the seaside hit the
safe in the back of the car went to the
beach was sent Morgan away to do
something while we buried it it's all
been a prank on more gay guys if you're
still watching this comment down below
that you've watched to the end of the
video
don't tell Morgan but comment what
should we do with the money because this
money actually belongs to Morgan I've
taken it out of his account as payback
and we're going to try and get more
gonna share this money with us so we're
gonna have a little bit of spending
money I hope you've enjoyed this don't
tell Morgan about it I just can't
believe that we pulled it off I've had
two mountain
well guys we'll see you all in the next
video thanks for watching peace out
