right so it's Christmas morning and as I
promised I'm going to be vlogging the
entire day so let's get into it boys
Oh
right so it is 724 on the focus then was
shocking it's 724 I don't know why I'm
up so early I mean usually kids are like
getting up by 6:00 a.m. one drone
presents I'm not like that I just can't
get to sleep anyway so let's go open
presents boys why am I still excited
waiting oh bloody hell
it looks like Santa has been boys so I'm
gonna open these with my family when
they actually get an on camera because
it's sort of a kind of family moment I
guess I don't want to do it on camera if
you get me but I'll show you what I've
got
oh hello - Morgan what do we think this
is boys I tell you what leave a guess in
the comments what you think this is and
I'm gonna show you after I've opened it
so yeah guess in the comments what you
think that is Oh looks like this is the
Big Daddy
god knows what this is going to be I'll
also show you what this is
I mean I'll show you what I got I just
won't do them on camera if you get me
like live but looks like this is the big
one right so the fam is up the jumper is
on and I'm gonna go over some presents
so see it a bit boys right so I'm
currently swag vlogging as you do and
I've just finished sharing the presents
you know I'll tell you what I've
actually got the main stuff I got I
asked for was actually a money because
him I prefer trying to ask for money and
then spend it on wild one cuz there was
nothing I really wanted actually for my
swag wearing my own money no long ago so
I would have asked for that but I
decided to get that early because I
really wanted it but I actually go in
terms of presents I got him these
chocolate smiles and they just fit a
chocolate you know why you can't go
wrong with their chocolate we are some
matchmakers again more chocolate because
when you're fat felt like me that's kind
of what you eat and this which is
actually really nice I'm Ivan joking so
usually on Christmas the whole family
gets together and exchange of gifts and
eats the massive Christmas dinner and
it's all jolly and Merry right well my
family have spread all
England pretty much right so about week
and a half ago I went and visited pretty
much all my family and got all my gifts
from them but today I'm at my mom's now
and then I'm gonna be going to my dad's
later on in the day right guys so this
is actually a pretty cool finger I've
actually found somewhere on the wall to
put this awesome funnel oh no but
seriously guys I couldn't really catch
on camera how to sit this actually is
like all the shading on it is just and
by the way humming quite a few questions
about people wanting to send me stuff in
the mail if you want to send it me then
contact me on twitter if you dab it to
it to the mate one takes a couple
minutes guys tell me you want to send me
some it then I will follow you back
which means we can DM in private I'll
send you you know all the details as we
can discuss down there so that's how you
send me stuff if you want to it's up to
you I'm not begging I'm not asking you
can if you want so as you can see I have
literally just made this video public
and we're gonna see who gets the first
comment right so if you look here we've
got free comments that was eight seconds
ago I was seven seconds ago and that was
29 seconds ago so it's boy is the first
comment all right guys so I'm actually
about to set up to my dad's it's 6:00
p.m. and I'm about to go and spend the
second half of Christmas at his house so
let's go right guys here we are at my
dad with the green screen and I just
gave in my present he's giving mine
and check this out guys it's a Joseph
Smith a new book to obviously place for
Wednesday my team but what makes this
epic is this boom to Morgan best wishes
Sumida why am I get any signature Shelby
wanted it's more signature no that's
actually quite sick in it I didn't even
ask for that boy wait I got a sign from
you my dad so I'm actually really
psyched with our price so as you can see
we're having a cheeky comment replying
sesh right so it's what the quickly
mentioned guys if you're not already
following me on Twitter don't follow me
because I didn't see we got 590
followers and if you look at almost off
a post it's like all behind the scenes
stuff that you guys won't get to see
unless you actually follow me so you
now if you're not actually follow me on
there go follow me is is really awesome
if you want to be in my blog then tweet
at me now right boys look at this we all
get absolute mad tweets coming in from
everyone that was pretty awesome
as you can see just having a mop job but
before bed because why not I love hot
chocolate and I don't say thank you all
to every single one here just before we
go I hope you have enjoyed this vlog I
hope you had a great Christmas obviously
this is going up on Christmas the day
after Christmas so hopefully you enjoy
my Christmas Q&A which I've loaded
yesterday but yeah if you argue then
please subscribe a librarian would mean
the world to me honestly you guys are so
awesome it's got any questions leave in
the comment section below
but as always I've been marked you guys
have been awesome and I'll see you in
the next video peace out
