this is my personal email and some
random person sent me something and I
shouldn't have opened the email I should
have just left it by opened it I
downloaded it and I got a video
guys the the clown is back yo guys it's
mugs and today I'm bike and I'm gonna be
doing something different today and I am
honestly so excited for guys it's been
about a month since my last box
so today I'm gonna be vlogging oh no
guys this feels so weird
for once I'm actually gonna be getting
out the house and not playing for
tonight
I think of miracles happen but you guys
know for tonight is on mobile so maybe I
have to give in to the temptation and
play a bit on mom but yeah guys I am so
excited for today because I'm going off
to London with Kara I'm just gonna be
amazed if I don't know what the hell's
gonna happen well this feels so cool
foggy it's like an old school balls
video look I can do this
guys today's gonna be a lot of fun no
guys it's been such a long time since I
last did a vlog on the channel so much
is helpful is actually funny okay
amiracle but just before we go to London
guys I want to show you what happened
earlier on today because it was so fun
oh okay guys currently right now is is
it Friday Friday and it's about 10:00 in
the morning carries upstairs asleep and
I'm gonna surprise her with a gift that
I've been waiting for in the mail for
like two weeks I have been waiting so
long and I've been teasing care I've
been like I've got a gift coming for you
and she's be really excited and this
gift isn't like any other gift let me
let me show you so you guys know who I
was youtubers we're obsessed with
confuse we get that movie we get that's
a bit of an exaggeration guys but
basically what I did mean Keira just had
our best moments ever on YouTube I got
50 million views she got like 10 I think
so basically what I decided to do was
print off a canvas with her social blade
on it this shows all her subscribers all
of them gains recently and I think she's
gonna look this I also got this one for
myself more make sure they can make sure
you can see the 50 million and also this
one which shows all my most popular
videos and they say youtubers on
egotistical yeah we love ourselves
oh welcome outs of those you're on one
two three four five six seven eight
you're on each of them Wow anyway should
we go surprised care with hers yeah but
oh my presence you know
every gift that's taken two weeks in the
making the picture subscribers getting
for Kara Bridget total subscribers look
at mine likes it like secure get more
interesting guys yeah okay we're fight
guys I can't get over the fact that were
actually outside right now this is still
waiting oh yeah guys I've new blue walls
gonna happen today is gonna be off on
the hell you do you know what
subscribe oh sorry guys if you knew
where the point is you should go down
there join team or subscribe to the
channel whoa but right now I'm gonna go
off to London I think I've missed my
train
well let's go and have some fun
guys now watch that exact same clip bike
without the epic music and just look at
how awkward it is
once again guys not time rocks was super
epic right the way now take a look at
what we were actually doing while it was
tile upset
right
can you pass me my dad clutch
just everything
we go guys yeah now guys before we
continue our adventure with more
something pretty crazy happened on the
train
let me let me let me let you guys it a
little bit of story time come cause I
won't sit down some reason we're at the
site in first class in the Train like we
were gonna treat ourselves you know all
good all cool the ticket ladies was not
having any of it she was just that she
was having a go home basically she
refused to give us a ticket because she
didn't think we were paying with our own
money she thought I was stealing my
mom's credit card legit in real and I'm
like no well I woulda buy this so that
we talked to her it all gets sorted
right but she says this ah you must have
some rich parents to give you the money
for the ticket like blue
lives with me anyway let's continue the
happy boys and girls one token one shoe
key machine pinging just watch and learn
first time when is stuff oh my god I got
it Joe I've got it I've got it it's just
it's just caught cool cool
okay boys and girls so we've been in
London for like an hour now the first
purchase has been made and believe it or
not it isn't for me
now you guys know if you're gonna live
with me and if you're gonna chill with
me you've got to be looking fresh okay
I didn't get you shoes I got mom shoes
thank you no you're not my mom no these
are for Mom yeah I grew you know you
didn't the guys yes I went ahead and I
bought my mom uses I have no clue why
but don't tell her because this is a
surprise and I'm gonna reveal it to her
in one of the next videos guys it's
gonna be fun all right my mom was about
to be the swaggiest mom on YouTube
though no questions asked
she's not gonna be a hype Beast she's
gonna be a beast
just go exercise
okay guys right now the next part of the
epic London adventure with MOOCs right
now we're going for food and you know
everybody's favorite time of the day is
food camera
do you like food I like but yeah guys
while I was out shopping I bought this
brand new invisibility cloak apparently
all you have to do is put this on and
you go invisible how crazy is that
no but for real guys I'm kind of
regretting it because you know this is
okay in some areas like camera top it's
pretty plain but bro Jack whyever we
made talo merch yeah it's gonna be done
it's gonna be done guys smash like on
the video 20,000 likes and we'll make
our own camera merch but right now it's
food time guys we made it into the hotel
right now food was great okay let's
build a hooked right now I think it's
time for a room tour but you know you
guys have seen hotel room tours like 20
times alright so instead of doing any
ordinary room tour let's do a room tour
Kirra you wanna see a magic trick
yeah yeah I'm gonna make disappear not
the only thing that's pretty shit up
together put the cup broke up on this
wrong side of the bed now
oh then I guess yes hey guys the the
clown is back
so the time is currently 1:20 in the
morning right now it's been a few hours
since the last clip and I've just been
sat down just doing some work just
looking at some emails just chilling
just doing a little bit of the stuff
that I wouldn't usually put on camera
obviously after now I've been fun I have
to come back and sit down and do some of
the more boring parts that's part of
what I do but there now I know where
this happened so I got an email from a
random user to my personal email this is
the knee mail that nobody has really
this is the email that I don't give out
this is my personal email and some
random person sent me something and they
sent me a video and simply emailed watch
this and I shouldn't have opened the
email I should have just left it by
opened it I downloaded it and I got a
video a one-minute video from the clown
the clown that if you don't know already
has been stalking me and playing games
with me over these past few weeks now I
thought the client had gone it's been 2
weeks or whatever since he came to the
house but apparently it's not guys now I
watched a little bit of the video and it
seems like not only is he addressing me
in this he's addressing all of team mugs
so I thought we should watch it together
so stay off the bat he's saying hello
morgues morgues mom Kira and everybody
who's seeing this it's really hard to
understand guys as you can see the video
is distorted his voice has been
completely disguised his identity is
hidden but from what I can hear that
wise just said is I know you have a lot
of questions why am I doing this Who am
I and he said unfortunately for you that
will remain a mystery
I've been informed about the videos
you've been making about me and I'm
afraid tea mugs can't even help you
whoever this is is messing with us and
there's nothing I can do about it I
don't know who this is the email is
unidentified it's just a random email
the footage is distorted clearly been
hidden and the footage I have of the
clown is minimal
it's nothing I can do again they're the
reason why I'm doing this will remain a
mystery seriously
this guy's just taken lines straight out
of saw I don't know what to do because I
don't think this guy or girl means any
harm he just wants to get in my head and
get in all the heads and scare us all so
I don't know what to do guys but this is
seriously worrying like I don't know
anything about this guy so yeah guys you
heard him he knows me he knows
everything about me and he said right at
the end I can't trust anyone now if you
guys haven't seen the last of clown
videos we kind of had a look into the
clown I'm narrow down our options to who
it could be
I even did a poll on Twitter as you can
see right now where I asked you guys who
you think the clown is and just like all
of you guys I thought it was Martin
right everybody was saying it's Martin
Martin has to be the clown and guys I
don't see any other person it could be
so from the footage the voice was fairly
deep but it was too distorted to find
out any clues from the voice it could
have been made deeper and could have
been made higher pitched
could have been anything done to her
however the reason why I think this is
Martin and the reason why I think he
just made a very big mistake is at the
start of the video he said hello morgues
morgues mom kara and everybody watching
this unless it was Martin why would the
clown not have greeted Martin as well
guys honestly I don't want to put the
blame on anybody okay I don't want to go
around pointing fingers but what we have
here is a new set of footage guys we
have a new set of footage to analyze
guys and and guys I need you right now
more than ever all of you I need you to
look back over the footage I need you to
zoom in I need you to check the footage
I need you to find any clues analyze him
everything he said guys I need all of
you to try and figure out any clues in
the footage like I figured one out there
right at the start there could be more
guys I want you all to have a look at
the footage and then comment down below
who you think the clown is your theories
but right now we know it can't be mom we
know it can't be Kara we know it can't
be me it could be Martin could be my dad
it could be a stranger it could be a fan
anybody but there may be some clues in
there which we can use to expose the
creepy clown guys thank you so much for
watching this video if you're new here
subscribe to the channel we will catch
this creepy clown guys I will not stop
and you guys will not stop until we've
discovered the true identity of the
clown and I want to unmask him and
expose him for the world to see guys
subscribe if you're new because we need
to team up together to find out who this
clown really is thank you so much for
watching if you haven't already left a
like that would mean an awful lot to me
have all through the footage guys
analyze it look deep zoom in try and
spot Clues I don't know guys try and see
anything guys if you can and comment it
down below and guys thank y'all so much
for watching I've been more you guys
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace
out
