yo guys is Mort and today we are going
to be playing black ops 3 on a swag way
so I'm terrible at my pops for anyway
now got to do it while riding on a suede
way this is just going to fail really
badly but I'm gonna give it a go because
it might before the children play a
quick match on multiplayer the class I'm
using is my Manowar class in goals we've
got the ble three smj and the quick-draw
grip good Johann Smuts hi okay let's get
into this game the match is started
let's get going as you can see we got
the gold mine of wall looking very nice
because that's hard jam I'm your eyes
cheese Christ yes I we did get that kill
I'm going proper silent trying to focus
Jesus Christ
oh my god I'm good on this swegway by
the way where you go understand it's
hard to play black ops 3 I'm swaggin at
the same time 360 kill jumps in 360 oh
oh if usually not I'm actually kind of
go on there I don't know if I really
clarified book oh now we've got two
people okay
ah Jesus
ah well that was fucking dreadful yes
yes I say good kill no sauna
you got freaking oh yeah yeah no yeah we
got killed
whoo purify yep purify shut down get
that bitch that's the double kill or I
that's not too bad is it a double kill
ha ha
right so why I'm going to do to make
this even more hard is use a sniper as
well this is going to go badly guys so
you haven't realized already I am
terrible at sniping oh yes we got
someone oh yeah then that's to decide
double probably probably not and then we
just down the guy forgot yep yes come on
nice enough guys that's enough I hit my
elbow as I fell and it absolutely kills
I'm noise alive so that didn't go very
well did it definitely go to plan
because I fell off twice like I'm
actually good almost way but believe it
or not book when you try focus on the
game why black ops 3 I'm swag at the
same time it's never going to end out
well
but hope you have enjoyed this video you
have enjoyed then please smash the like
if you want me to play some V from this
thing go another game tell me in the
comment section below because I'll do it
but if you're new then please subscribe
I do videos every day
as always I've been more you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in the next
video peace out
you
