yup guys is more and today I have a blog
and Coors Light on my Segway
like right now I'm swag vlogging starts
the table white in bloom if you guys
don't know already it's actually really
close to Christmas like really close but
in this house we don't have Christmas we
have hug miss right so Bruno is down
there right I got this swegway earlier
today and he won't stop sniffing it he
keep chasing me on it so let me see if I
can go he's just starting my way on the
run him over
I think I swag away he follows he
literally follows my Segway he
absolutely loves it look he just runs
after me I'm slaggy
he's an absolute path by anyway guys so
him good any to back so we're gonna go
back this yeah I was finished buffing
him he's all where I'm in melange I know
some of the shows on banana showed you
here lies my Christmas tree boom
oh yeah I helped oil it's actually quite
nice to be honest then why do likewise
got these on it look little candy canes
so you know feel a little bit hungry
grab on and then boom I'll just show you
I've actually done I'm actually quieting
the Christmas spirit to be honest we got
Christmas tree we got this reindeer
thing wherever that is I don't even know
I didn't put that up this snowman
wouldn't you stuff around the TV this is
my lounge by the way not this which is
just why not you know why not can close
this off with it actually really good
look I can close the door with it look
even brudos got a little son to toy
that's how much in the Christmas spirit
we are and he's literally stood on my
leg right so now I am in my room on my
hoverboard honestly these things are
absolutely sick but look at me this is
so
then why mostly gone is a just finished
editing my unboxing video of this and
the first time on it a lot of people a
lot of people think that actually really
hard to ride including me before I
actually got it but or you could not be
so wrong they are really easy battle
guys they're so easy right I literally
don't ever enjoy an engine as much as
this it's so good right so here's
something that you guys were seen from a
slave boy video I've actually added
bumpers around the edges and on the
sides just to actually give it some more
protection they cost me about six quid
off ebay rights on sale on ebay looking
out the Xbox one elite controller the
cheap you can get it for like one sixty
quid when on game and Argos is literally
one hundred and twenty quid but for now
stop like a month I'm gonna play some
black ops three right guys so I'm
finished on black ops 3 comes back on
the swag way I couldn't resist but what
we've actually done is a sword on my
video like sword out the tags and
everything look if I show you the screen
then because actually the description
the map so it's currently 4:45 so in 15
minutes I'm gonna pull that publish for
my map we're gonna do is show the first
few comments in this vlog guys I'm being
serious this thing will just make your
life better logic on get off it every
time I get was standoff I just think no
I don't want to is just so fun right
then so it's literally just turned five
o'clock and as you can see we've got the
video public so what I'm gonna do is
make it public right now and we're going
to see you gets top a first comment
sorry Joe Stevens so Joe thanks so much
for being the first comment and I hope
you enjoyed the vid right then boys so
it is now 7:15 and I haven't blogged
I've added some for this vlog in a while
but I'm a sigh at my desk and call
blimey we have a bully Korey fatigue
it's actually really nice so I'm gonna
eat this and then we can continue the
vlog right guys so I'm gonna ask you a
quick question and over the past few
videos I've been changing my intro a lot
I've got free that I like and what I'm
going to do now is play you one two and
three I want you to leave a comment down
below tell me which one you prefer
one of useful videos number three which
I think I personally like the most but I
want to know which one you like the most
so I roll the intros right so here we
are my kitchen and I'm firstly so I'm
gonna try doing is mixing watermelon
peach mango and fruit punch
guys so here we are on this wave way in
my bedroom and we're going to try this
creation of a drink
so let's see how it tastes boys so in
here we've got peach mango we have got
fruit punch and watermelon helpful ease
knife we might have created a new drink
let's see if it's any good
absolutely am i joking that's really
really nice right guys so I think this
is why I'm actually gonna end the vlog
is about 11:00 at night I'm gonna bed
quite soon because I'm not good it's
been a long day but the Christmas
holidays is finally here christmas is
coming soon and oh man I can't wait so
if you guys like this style of video
then tell them in the comment section
also tell me which intro you like the
best I've one two or three but I've
always I've been logged you guys i've
always have been awesome and I'll see
you in the next video peace out
