right so I go knock on the door this
morning and I knew exactly what it was
going to be ladies and gentlemen it's
swag we're time yo guys this mods and
today we have an unboxing and first time
going on my new swag way so I believe
this is a swag bag I mean it's the only
thing I've ordered in the past like
month and it looks like this way way box
so we're going to get into this film
about a swag way pretty much if you
don't know what they are they're like a
segue but without the handle your eyes
and by that tilting your feet and
they've got multiple names swegway mono
/ hoverboard you know someone just needs
to just confirm what the name is but I'm
going to call this wave wave for this
video since it seems like guys the most
used one anyway let's just get started
with some boxing guys I can't find my
knife conduit overnight oh hi there
we've got the swegway box unlike the
others it actually has an accurate
picture of the one you boarded on the
other boxes they're always black on the
front
so these like the new ones this one does
play blue super music which is just
going to be so fun to just jam around on
it while playing music booms we've open
the box so I'm actually going to do is
like till it like this a little bit here
you see we've got a natural instruction
manual or whatever this is and then
we've got the UK charger and then we've
got the power brick hopefully this
doesn't blow up but you never know
really do do do oh my god this thing
looks dope when we get it let me get out
of the box oh my you're there we go guys
this thing is freaking heavy
what my doing can get the plastic off
there we go alright so now's the moment
you've probably all been waiting for
we're going to start this and we're
going to try swagging
so Isis let's just do this right so crop
with my camera created much space as I
called my room isn't massive so am this
enough to do but we're going to turn
this thing on and gets legging I can't
do it how do you do it oh my god oh whoa
so to turn I'm going to do that to turn
okay stop turning oh my god fully I'll
close I'm gonna have to hold on to my
chair my swag because that dingo very
well voice oh my god this is my good oh
my god this is sleep I'm getting used to
it boys Oh cut which at Neverland Oh God
oh I can swagboys I can sway Oh sick
yeah I know this calls for let's try
again some music on
closet this B is C let me start
I know
Jesus guys guys I got dizzy and
then fell that could have gone a lot
worse that's why I just spent like ten
seconds straight but guys I've been
bored you guys been awesome and I'll see
you in the next video peace out
