yo guys it's morgues and today we have
reacting to more old videos now the last
video I did on this which I'll leave an
annotation on the screen right here did
very well so we are back again today to
react to more of them because I have a
lot of embarrassing videos guys I'm not
gonna lie so just before we go into the
video please leave a like and subscribe
if you are new but let's get to it
alright guys so here we have chef your
Wednesday career mode on FIFA 15 I did
obviously back on FIFA 15 but this one's
another face comes with not by
embarrassing but what makes this one so
tragic is just listen just listen to the
audio guys today we have a new Sue's now
I know I have so many series ears nice
dice is horrible
so that's the first one I mean the fact
that anyone subbed to me to like watch
stuff like that just blows my mind nice
just why HD now with the TV season
stopping I thought it'd be good to look
at me just look at me man is my team in
season book turn this one down why it
was Robair for me now it went for like
70 K why welcome back to Minecraft let's
build a medieval town series this is
episode 2 ha that voice and when we
worked out how to film listen to that
voice oh my god guys I'm gonna pause
dice so embarrassing that voice though
oh my god right so here's a vlogger did
just over a year ago when I was on
holiday and okay guys so I have just got
ready I'm going up to oh my and then
watch football early skew games on
you know inverses could have pause for a
minute look at that hair I mean I know
it's quite and it's quite sure now but
what was I doing man I did I was going
for the Chris I've to sing heckle and it
weren't working because my face is the
size of the moon and it just didn't look
right
why look at where the eyebrows thought I
actually uploaded this shit just blows
my mind like literally annoys me it
annoys me like 75 people view that video
of me looking like an absolute dick
right so now we have some more football
videos with the one and only Lena Hudson
ah here we go
Lena Hudson placing the ball on the spot
pulls this shots up I mean pretty
professional thing to be doing in the
video I look at that Oh dearly right
here we go
oh no what is so invite oh my god dear
me guys that twit man I was actually
clover penalty but there was just a topo
guys quick break you know what's coming
come on Lena Hudson I'll lean on what
are you doing sudden death that entire
crowd is watching down on him Lionel
Hudson he's gonna put it in you missed
it boys right so here we move on to the
last video it's called the best eye man
of the match in a pack and it was but it
was Fellaini
and i telled it the best I'm out of the
match in a park guys I was actually such
a view ha
we understand a little little rewind on
that yeah well that was fucking trick
huh but guys I was pretty much it for
this reacting video but if you want more
then leave a comment I'm happy to do
more if you guys leave the good support
like you did on the last one if you want
to watch the last one they'll be linked
in the description and also an
undertaker at the start but I knew that
please subscribe I do daily videos as
always I've been warned you guys been
awesome I'll see you in the next video
peace out
