yo guys it's malls and today we have
some gameplay on black ops 3 now today
is gonna be a bit different I'm mixing
up and I have to use a sniper now if you
haven't gathered already
I am absolutely terrible at sniping like
literally you could give a disabled
person sniper with one arm and they'd
probably do better than me like legit I
played free college ways and I've never
sniped like literally I mean I've used a
sniper and then I've switched after like
two minutes because I couldn't even get
a kill but today we are gonna be going
into it and actually trying to hit some
quick scopes I don't know how it's going
to go but it will be funny so if you
bothered the class I'm using is the
locusts just by itself I've managed to
get to level three somehow but yeah
that's all we really can use to be
honest
hi boys here we are let's go and try and
hit some nice shots which mean new skill
another sick we actually just get a new
skill oh my god is that good
you jammy yep that's a nice kill yep
that's a pretty nice kill to refer come
on
Oh No I just missed I hit those
hitmarker with a noscope oh that was
fucking dreadful I then yep I know I
know okay then I know is that double Oh
weren't fast enough we're actually not
doing too bad we're doing five tulip yep
we kind of are doing quite might realize
you guys sniper probably gonna be like
gouging your eyes out while watching
this I'm sorry but I'm bad I already
said that oh no how did I miss that shot
it was right in front of me guys can we
all just pause for a minute pause okay
yep Diet Coke is this gonna bring us the
skill to hit some shots
filling it novalee and I'm feeling it
guys I am feeling it come on
yes okay yep that's a pretty sick kill I
don't know how even got at that much of
an angle to even kill him but I take it
oh right guys so we have gone ahead and
found another game of domination on
bridge health moving your bed and we did
the first time of course we did shit
just to summit help but we'll give you
the locusts again
wish me luck guys probably going to go
terrible oh you yep that's a pretty good
start
where are they ah course they're behind
me enemy ji a shut up buff you're not
five-year run off out here can't run off
me
you can't run off that's right yes
that's my world yep yep yep loop
triple a baby a triple oh yeah boys you
don't understand how happy I am we're
just here tipple and guys mad Tings
I'm not gonna lie Martin I know yep
quickscope sentry gun I mean does that
get me an extra point so guys that is
that for this video I hope you have
enjoyed me attempting to snipe on this
game to be honest I was expecting
absolute disaster but it weren't that
bad I mean I did it a triple which is
alright I guess so if you want to see
more of this I guess leave in the
comments your knew then please subscribe
cuz I've loaded back up three FIFA
shout-out sunday and lots more as always
I've been morgue you guys have been
awesome and I'll see you in the next
video peace out
