yo guys it's morgues and today I'm gonna
be showing you guys how you can make an
epic intro for completely free with
blender now this does work on a Mac or
PC for this tutorial I will be showing
you on a Mac but it does work pretty
much the exact same with a PC with just
a few things that are different bye
we'll cover those in the video so if
you're on a PC this will work for you
and if you're on a Mac this will work
for you as well so the first thing
you're going to want to do is go to
Blender dog as you can see this is where
I am here if you go to download and just
click it you will see all the different
download options obviously because I'm
gonna make I'd download this one but if
you're on a PC just download this one up
here and it's really simple I already
have it installed so I'm going to go
straight to it but after you've
downloaded it you will have this little
application here so what you're going to
want to do is just open it so as you can
see we've just opened blender and this
is where you can make an intro however
for this video we will be using a
template which can find on the internet
because I actually don't know how to
make intros but if you keep going at it
you can learn but just for this tutorial
we will be using a template so pretty
much just go to youtube and type in a
blender intro templates quite nice it's
number nine on this top 20 so what we're
going to do is click the download button
obviously in every video if you go into
the description it shows the number of
the intro and the download so you can
just find one that you like but we are
going to be using one for this tutorial
so as you can see we're just going to
download it here so as you can see here
to the left we have the intro template
if it's top blend that means it's ready
to open straight away but sometimes you
will get a folder or a dot zip file if
you have got one of them just extract it
so you can get what's inside and there's
going to be a dot blend file in there so
just open the dot blend file by double
clicking it and it should come up
straight away in blender if you've got
it open or even if you don't have it
open so here we are in blender with the
intro template open pretty much this is
the bit that a lot of people struggle on
because you can't figure out how to get
the actual template open and download
them but it's actually editing the text
to say what you want which is often a
problem for a lot of people so that's
what I'm going to show you
how to do so pretty much to start you're
gonna want to hover your mouse cursor
over the text and simply right-click
this will select the text then you
weren't going to want to go to your
keyboard and click tab which will make a
line appear here this pretty much makes
it so that you can edit the text so if I
just go backspace four times then type
in marks like that there we go we have
the first layer of text done obviously
in this one there is multiple layers as
you can see so what you're going to want
to do is just right click again it will
select the other one and then just again
like you did before click tab backspace
and type in what you want like that so
there we go that is the first part of
how you actually edit the text now
there's some settings that you have to
change in order for this to work which I
will show you now now if you look to the
right here the four things I've opened
up our render dimensions output and
encoding and if you look here we have a
scroll menu since I am on a Mac I'm
going to make this a QuickTime movie boy
if you're on a PC you can make it what
you want obviously just look into what
your files are and you can make it one
I'm pretty sure QuickTime works but
since I am on a Mac I'm going to do
QuickTime and the next thing you're
gonna want to do is go on to no audio
I'm moving up to AAC pretty much if you
leave it on no audio just like it says
there will be no audio which is
obviously not what you want since this
intro does have sound with it and most
of them do well I've never seen an intro
with no sound with it and the next thing
you're going to do is just get the
quality and move it up to 100% this is
optional but I always like to do this
just to make the audio a bit nicer now
the final thing to do in this output
section is just decide where I wanted to
export to so I've just clicked desktop
and I'm going to go up here to accept
that's all you need to do so now it'll
go straight to my desktop after it's
finished rendering that's it for the
output section so you can just close it
off or just leave it's up to you and
that's actually it guys so what you're
going to want to do now is go up here
you'll see audio animation and render
make sure you click animation because
that is the one you need to do so as you
can see now it is rendering I simply
just clicked animation now all you
really want to do is just leave it it
may take a while but you will be getting
a quality intro so what I'm going to do
now is wait and then when it's done I'll
show you how it looks so as you can see
guys here we have
the finished intro now I actually
renamed it and put it into one of my
files but what I'm going to do is play
it for you guys now so guys there we
have enjoyed that tutorial of how to
make yourself a really cool in show I'm
actually plan on bringing out quite a
few tutorials on how you can make your
channel better by using intros editing
software and different things like that
if you like a video showing you how I
add my videos and the software I use and
leave a comment below if you have
enjoyed them please much - like if
you're new then please subscribe I do
videos every single day but as always
I've been morgues you guys have been
awesome and I'll see you in the next
video peace out
