yo guys it's morgues and welcome back to
another black ops 3 Supply Drop opening
so as you can see we are here in the
black market we have 100 crypto keys and
we're going to open 10 common supply
drops so let's go straight into this
camera London epic hopefully we can
obviously that's what I'm going for is
an epic not fitting that one
oh we got a rare a violent camo third
one we're gonna get someone good I just
want an epic just one frickin epic we've
got it Oh another rare we're going a
night Spectre ax head speed which looks
absolutely insane boys look at that that
looks mad alright anyway next one come
on boys come on every time every time no
no no oh okay then that I was just
really underwhelming I'm not gonna look
guys yeah Lorcan hopefully we can land
in Africa at least a legendary I'm gonna
walk in three two one
okay we got these salute rare but still
no legendary all for epic which is
really bad
come on oh oh I will let you know it's
for the purple but another one another
with night in a rare regard get
something we're going at least one one
thing that's the legendary legendary get
seen we got to we've got to like torn
things we're going no my good game
gesture and not finish very tall that's
actually not too bad I'm quite happy
with that please please please
oh another legendary those not too bad
we've got the maa seven camo delight maa
seven color which is all I actually but
we'll go one more I'm not gonna look for
it once again can we get an epoch in the
last one that would be absolutely epic
but yeah come on then three two one oh
my god new freaky way
no fucking way no freakin way of we just
landed and epic in the last freaking
Supply Drop oh my god dyes incredible
literally dies absolutely incredible I
can't believe oh shit man lies insane
we've just landed another another epic
that's our third one so far yeah we got
the ice coming for the August I'm gonna
go test it now so I'll be a minute guys
hi guys so here we are as you see we got
the ice come out for the August it does
look pretty pretty nice as you'll see
it's not the not the best one in terms
of actual movement but it I do like it
it's definitely the best camera I've got
for the Argus you can see like these
snowflakes moving oh yay it's like
obviously just like snow moves in that
but it's actually really cool I do
actually like that quite a lot I do like
it you know it's yeah I've never really
seen a camera like that before I know
that will it being one book somewhere
ballet this looks good to me and I don't
use the Argus but I might start using
because of this camo and I've heard it's
quite good right then boys and girls
another great cryptokey opening we've
got an Argus ice camera with epic which
is also that's our food epic so fine
black ops free which is absolutely
unbelievable so yeah I really hope you
have enjoyed this video a like would be
much appreciated it really would mean
the world to me
we've got his feedback video ideas
comments suggestions anything like that
I just leave in the comment section
below I'll try respond to every single
one of them but as always I've been logs
you guys have been awesome I'll see you
in the next video peace out
