yo guys is mole's and today we have
another black ops 3 Supply Drop opening
now in this episode we have 50 Crypt
oaken which means five common supply
drops if you haven't seen the last one
already we hear an epic and a lot of
legendaries so I'm hoping that we can
continue the look in this opening so
let's get in to the first Supply Drop
let's do this okay here we go can we
hear an epic don't all like we can no
colors flashing we got two knife cameras
which is also pretty good a dual of gay
knife camos and that contrasts one does
look quite nice I do like the green and
purple mix so I'm quite happy with that
one even though they were all common
okay then here we go boys with the
second one for this episode not looking
good again which is really unfortunate
I know it's naturally we got another all
common one which is very disappointing
the only one I really like there is a
hallucination so I may use that if I
ever do get around to using the Drakon
but once again not the best Supply Drop
all right come on let's turn the lock
around we've got some colors flashing oh
we got rare so another worse one we got
a headshot frettin gesture gesture for
the outrider so that's not too bad we
didn't get rare so I'm quite happy with
that only two more like we haven't had a
legendary Oh an epic so I'm hoping to
tell a look around right now wave
another comment supply job come on baby
come on
epic oh we got epic I'm the legendary Oh
oh my god we've got another epic and the
legendary right okay I need to I need to
focus so we have the storm for the BRM
storm a pilot we
nice and we've got the Sharpshooter
local ballistic CPU variant but oh my
god another epic this is insane guys my
login these drops is unreal so what we
are going to do is in the end of this
video test out the storm come out see
how it looks go into an arena and see
how it looks but we've got one more left
so if we could get something good that
would be incredible
alright boys I'm not gonna look I fail I
spy stand up a bit okay so I'm not
looking I never saw us on the screen I'm
gonna remove my hands in three two one
oh no red no about little end to the
video we're not a firebreak both gesture
which the tiebreak is the specialist I
use I use this on fire so yeah that's
that's pretty good so now as I said we
are going to get into a game and test
out how that Camel looks okay guys so
here we are on breach with this camel
and I have to say it looked godly now I
don't use the BRM but this may convince
me to because if you look at our storm
cam oh it looks insane I'm only spinning
so I can show you some more of the
actual gun but that looks awesome as you
can see it has like it's like a black
and gray color but you can see that
lightning strikes and you can see all
the clouds moving which just looks
insane I've seen a few youtubers get
this this storm camo but never actually
seen it in action so that looks pretty
awesome so that's our second camo a
second epic camo I should say and that
I've got so fine black ops free which
I'm very happy about you know these epic
camos are really awesome I've never seen
any moving comments before like I've
never had one in any other called you is
I'm not sure if they've actually ever
been in any other ecology is to be
completely honest but anyway I really do
like like camo that looks absolutely
insane tell me in the comments if you
like at what is your favorite camo on
this game I'll be really interested to
know for that pretty much wraps up this
Supply Drop opening guys so if you have
enjoyed then please leave a like it
would mean the world
if you have any questions or anything
like that leave them in the comment
section below I tried to respond to
every single question if I can't it does
get out sometimes but I do really try if
you are new then please subscribe I load
a huge variety of games ranging from
black ops free to feedback shout-out
sunday I do call on my channel so you're
bound to find something that you enjoyed
so as always I've been bored you guys
have been awesome and I will see you in
the next video peace out
