didn't see you there yo guys it's more
time today we are back with another
Supply Drop opening boom so I'm gonna go
to the black market
as you can see 101 crypto khun's oh my
god guys today we have 10 common supply
jobs and we are going to look for an
epic camo in this video so in the last
video we got some good support but I
actually thought the legendaries were
the best thing you could get I know now
the epics are the best and you can
actually get summer moving camos which I
really want like really want so we're
going to get into the first one here
trade crypto khun's what we're gonna get
we have got an inferno every day and
every day so a really bad and bad Supply
Drop we're going to get into another on
straight away but come on guys let's
have something good come on
and look oh yes already we have here a
legendary boys yes we have got the
weevil stock Marion the stockpile and
I'm getting the assault rifles diamond
so I will have to use our some point
which is actually really cool so yes the
weevil stop Marion guys it's a good
start
alright then the first crypto c'n please
be a good one we just Hale oh okay
that's it oh what's it now okay that's
pretty good so we got the fire break
bones gesture which is actually quite
cool because obviously the fire break is
the best the best specialist I do use
the the flame gun thing a floor buddy
call it but I'm happy with that guys
that's not bad that's not my job come on
come on epic no that's not an epic
anything no we are we are full common
one which is pretty bad but yeah that is
just bad really we're gonna we're gonna
not look at this one guy is gonna try to
spice up a little bit come on let's go a
good one okay so I can't see anything my
hand over my eyes I think they'll all be
on the screen now can we get epic Oh God
say it guys we got nothing Isaac does
terrible are you kidding me
my look is been so off in this video
okay so we've got four left and we have
it here in expert Jess come on come on
come on oh yes yes oh oh my god guys
pleasure doing it rare are you kidding
me we've got Inferno v rmp espresso
variants and the Razorback camera I've
used the razor bad guys I'm gonna go and
see out a lot right now so I just
prestige here we have my Razorback come
out one market oh my god no holes God
holy shit that only rare but I look like
a fucking tank
oh look at that guys you can't say that
neither look awesome that looks freaking
awesome I'm so happy with that until I
get it gold I will be using that dies
immense alright so back to the black
market free more supply drops but I am
just happy with what we've got so far
guys but an epic would just honestly
make this like the best thing ever
yeah okay that's not last night I think
two more guys come on cross your fingers
come on epic
oh yes haha we got a big without epic
ammo for the good for the kuda the goon
I use the kuda oh my god nice it's a
nice I say the Kudus Melissa my favorite
gun this year I've got a gold I've
literally got it gold was mm camo look
I've got it gold as yet evil is this
come are gonna be there
this a.m. it's a movie model Michael I'm
gonna go into the arena and see how that
looks guys at the end of this
yes I'm the final Supply Drop come on
can we get another epic I doubt it but
that would be absolutely insane
no and oh my god this would be the best
opening ever it's not the legendary are
you kidding me my look is been so off in
this video voice I know that's free
Legendary's one epic and two rares oh my
god guys these are so much fun these
these are supply jobs cuz you just get
such good items in them so we've got the
PIO Stix rapid-fire variant I do use the
rapid-fire on finish every gun unless
it's like massive rapid fire already so
guys awesome but what we're gonna do now
is go into the arena and see how that
epic hammer looks I'll be back in a
minute guys okay then guys so here we
are in a game with the kuda this is the
the actual moving camo as you can see
the red lines do move I think it looks
insane let me go into some sunlight so I
can actually like show you how it looks
on my book there we go as you can see
it's like sort of like veins if you get
me like blood veins boy it looks
absolutely insane guys the main question
I want you to answer in the comment
section it should I use this all the
gold because I have got this gun gold it
was the first one I got gold
so should I use this or gold it's quite
I'm in between so I need you guys times
in the comments and the other color we
got was this raised about camo which I'm
going to show you now it isn't a epic
one but I'll still show you anyway dies
it I think that looks possibly even as
nice as gold I think that looks insane
it just lays like multicolored and shiny
and it just looks insane guys so tell me
in the comments if you think I should
use our moving camo or the gold for the
coup de Bourgh I can't wait to just the
play some games with these new camos
because they look absolutely insane but
guys that's the end of the Supply Drop
open I said I would bring another one to
you guys and here we are we got even
bear paws by natsume oh we got a kit
which is the best thing you can get
really we got two more legendaries I
think cause it free and we got at least
free rares we got absolutely insane
stuff so guys gotta be aware for like
from you guys if we're gonna push for to
analyze just because of the incredible
stuff we've got now I mean the world to
me
but as always I've involved you guys
have been awesome and I'll see you in
the next video peace out
