yo guys it's morgues and today we have a
black ops free crypto khun's opening so
in this video we are going to be opening
five common supply drops and hopefully
landing a legendary or rare now you may
be asking why don't I open some rare
supply drops pretty much I've tested out
quite a bit and I feel like opening
common ones is actually better so that's
what we're gonna do in this video so
we're all going to waste time we're
going to crack straight in to the first
one see if we can learn something good
we've got contrast stealth and a timber
camel eyes are really bad um but pack I
think that's what we call them but that
contrast to come out does look too bad
we mask to try that layer but let's get
into the next one boom there we go guys
we've got another one here can we gas
elf something special contrast again on
different gun and we've got two Inferno
camels which actually look really nice
if I may say myself I really like the
red on that not too much so we are
getting common items common items but
they're - they're too good ones so I'm
happy about lunch all right another one
now what are we going to get not Verde I
see our camo oh we've got a legendary
guys getting the best thing you can get
really a legendary and we've landed one
in this video get in there so it's a
Shiva laser sight Varian I am really
chuffed with that we have landed
ourselves a legendary so yes get in
alright now I'm moving on to the fourth
crypt oaken box thing I'm over shall we
call them really but can't all go where
we all want the legendary pulley sheaves
us Christ Isaac brilliant party guys a
legendary and a rare nice insane so we
have the pinball the stock variant we
have a knight serif head theme which is
also and we've also got self a field
come out for the dingo base absolutely
insane guns so now the final bolt right
now the final Supply Drop let's see
if we could get into the ground I'd be
amazing or on we up as well those
incredible guys so we got cells a pixel
m8 a7 camo which does actually look like
good so in my opinion guys guys a really
successful crypto can opening I'm very
happy that is really awesome we have
landed some very good things there I
know this has been a shy opening but I
do want to get quite a few of these out
for you guys and since I'm not the best
of black/off it's quite hard for me to
get those crypto Caen but we've got two
legendaries I think we've got free rares
which is unbelievable to say we didn't
even open any rare Supply Drop
but guys the end of the video if you
have enjoyed and please smash a like it
would be much appreciate if you want to
see another one of these then leave a
comment down below as always I've been
mold you guys have been awesome and I'll
see you later
peace out
