young guys is more and today we have my
3k subs Q&A now before we get to the
questions either qualitative time to
thank every single one of you so much I
just honestly never thought I could get
here it's such a huge achievement for me
and you don't understand happy I am fat
when I started I never thought I'd get
anywhere near even a thousand so now
we're here 3,000 like more than is in my
school YouTube has become one of the
most important things in my life at the
moment and I have you to thank for that
without you guys I will be here doing
videos today you guys don't need to
thank me I need to thank you so thank
you all so much for being there and
support to me on the road to 3,000
subscribers attempt the hotline bling'
dance moves I can't leave them as I'm
going to attempt this but it's for you
guys just keep in mind I'm terrible at
dancing
I'm told you I can fucking dance that's
in a flat guys what advice do you give
to youtubers that get hate so this is
quite an important question I am
actually planning on doing a separate
video about this topic if you would like
a separate video about this topic leave
a comment but I am going to sort off in
this video pretty much dealing with hey
this can't be one of the hardest thing a
YouTube has to go through because you
will get any in YouTube I can't name a
single youtuber that is big the won't of
had hey everyone has so if you are going
through hey
just ignore them guys they're irrelevant
their opinion doesn't matter rather than
looking at your haters point of view is
look at the people who want to support
you look at their poor views because
they are more important they're the
people they enjoy your content haters
they probably even watch your video they
probably just clicked on it looked at
something and decided they're gonna hate
on you just ignore them guys they're not
worth your time trust me can you eat the
rest of that bean boozled packet in one
go yes I can
Oh
I fuckin go don't wanna do this myself
why our guru from found Oh
Oh
oh-oh-oh-oh
that's for you guys how long have you
been doing YouTube for I've had this
channel for over a year but I'm making
videos for five months take a shot of
vinegar right so the closest thing I
could find to a shot glass was this
little glass here so I'm going to like
fill it like freak wars of the wakes
it's a bit bigger than a shot glass
it's literally coming out in a little
little thing here so this is gonna take
a while I'll be back when it's full
right so we brought a shot upstairs
let's just fucking do it
I need ice water fuck but I've just gone
downstairs had free masses of water and
I still can't get the taste out of my
mouth that was worse than the bean
boozled that was worse than the dog food
jelly bean that was worse than anything
I've ever had in my life
I am never doing that again what's your
favorite part about YouTube my favorite
part about YouTube is being able to like
talk to you guys in the comments you
know answer your questions and sort of
interacting with you guys because
without you I would be here today as
I've said before both it rills me alot
to me and I had really do enjoy sitting
down to talking to you guys but
sometimes do like hour-long sessions
just sit down replying to your comments
because I really do appreciate every
single one that you guys you leave how
many cans of coke can you drink in one
minute let's find out
alright so I've got to tie myself on my
phone I'm gonna start it and see how
many we can drink three two one oh no
stop
Jesus don't make God
Carmilla does good but we got to that's
a quite prom myself to be honest when is
the video ending so guys that's the end
of the video I really you did enjoy once
again thank you guys just so much free
bags for oh please others saying thanks
so much to every single one of you
there's ever just clicked onto my video
it just means the world to me just
having you guys there youtubers as I
said is one of the most important parts
of my life and I couldn't be here
without you guys
if you like to join me on the road to
5000 subscribers please subscribe to my
channel I appreciate so much but as
always I've been moved
you guys been also and I'll see you
later peace out
