look guys is more such a day we are
doing the bean boozled challenge so I
really don't know why I'm doing this I
thought it'd be fun for you guys but
genuinely I don't know why the fuck I'm
doing this so you know what this
challenge is pretty much these are what
you call bean boozled there's pretty
much jelly beans I'll put them up to the
camera there you go so as you see
there's two variations of each one and
they look the exact same so you don't
know whether you're gonna get a good one
or bad one eyes can see vomit or peach
you've got to taste oh oh you guys can
see them but honestly this challenge is
fucking horrendous by the way guys the
way we do this challenge on this channel
we don't fuck about we don't spit them
out we don't get a drink we do them all
swallowing them all with no drink in
between ah right guys so the way we are
going to be doing this challenge is
pretty much I'm gonna have one of every
color and the thing is if I complete
every color I win the challenge if I
have to stop now I lose a challenge so
we're going to get straight into it with
the first one that is on the box which
is tutti frutti or stinky socks by there
we go we've got the two or three or
stinky socks and we are going to eat it
right now on camera
please be Judy fruity Oh
oh my god oh my god oh oh my god dude
I'm not fucking doing through it oh oh
God go by me I'm gonna do it role model
Oh fuckin Ellis down face down oh my god
that was genuinely fuckin disgusting the
thing is look into the box that looks
like one of the better ones
oh god right so we advance to the next
round and the next round is lawn
clippings online by then let's do this
so as you can see we're going to get a
line one there we go
I can see green that's alive b21 oh dear
oh dies not oh oh
don't I've done it guys it definitely
wasn't wine that wasn't as bad as the
first one but it wasn't fucking nice bye
guys now we're gonna move on the
toothpaste or berry blue eye there we go
with the light blue belly belly beam oh
my god
there we go guys the live blue jelly
bean let's do this yes very blue mate
boom get in Oh mmm nice fucking nice yes
fine I'm gone nice taste in my mouth now
but I've got a feeling it won't be
lasting for long because we have got
food popcorn or rotten egg yippee three
two one
Oh God oh my god uncle controller still
bit less oh oh my god I was the most
vile fucking thing I've ever tasted in
my life
halfway there we're gonna go for peach
Oh for me
Oh God No there we go guys we have the
peach or vomit jelly bean is going in
hey mama I don't want to find out yes
looks like it may take it turn into the
wind but we have chocolate pudding or
canned dog food this is the big one this
is the one I was dreading the most
canned dog food what you want to be
eaten
I wear it messing about we ain't fucking
pussies let's do this
times like this what I think why the
fuck do I do this to myself alive to do
it I don't if I could oh that's the
aftertaste oh I'm gonna do it so much
Bob I don't know what you guys down I'm
gonna do it you know what fuck that
let's do this guy's fucking point we go
back one guys I've got bad one I don't
give a fuck here we are guys of the
booger or pear is going in
Oh
don't they stay I've got business to
keep until you finish cooking my first
one guys
baby why whole camp know
from Jim the fucking vinyl oh my god
damn bad oh my fuckin God in time it
tastes like it literally tastes like
fucking baby life if you have a by that
way it would fucking taste like oh my
Jesus guys I fucking bad oh my god Oh Oh
like too much you like oh we do it
yes what is the goldwater guys Wendy
waiting waiting again I can't find it Oh
oh he's all the way under my bed I'm
gonna go in God your day stop yes
he's doing it ones who are so guys
thighs the end of my video the bean
boozled challenge so you enjoyed
watching me suffer then please hear like
I'm gonna ask the 200 wives
fuck it 200 lives cuz I just passed
don't food stinky socks lawn clippings
and booger as well as that join you then
hit that subscribe button
I do crazy shit like this all the time I
don't know I'm still fucking a line
we're gonna climb through these life so
if you want to see me do this again
leave your comment maybe I could
implement into FIFA or another game like
that I think that would be pretty sick
you guys would have to really good
support them because if we don't get
that good support I do not want to do
this shit again but as always I've been
moved you got a little so Brown see you
later
peace Oh
you
