yo guys it's mold and today I'm going to
be doing a little bit of different video
I'm going to be actually doing a day in
the life of a youtuber video now this is
something different to I usually do I
don't think I've ever done this before
my channel so what I'm actually gonna do
is literally just take you through
everything that I do in my spare time so
if I just put my cab around here we've
got a phone as you can see - will it
focus - 55 we have got it - 55 and I
have literally just woke up
my room is an absolute fucking tip I
know it's not focusing I'm gonna switch
around and focus he's gonna focus yet
there we go all right so it 255 I've
literally just woke up my room is an
absolute tip and from now on we're gonna
be flogging
pretty much everything so yeah I've just
done some messages I'm actually gonna go
out and play football with my friends
but yeah I think I slash about it guys
unless you're spice let's go play some
football
Brad guys so as you're probably aware
yesterday I loaded this video well it
wasn't really yesterday I've loaded it
literally really late last night at like
5 o'clock in the fucking morning Ryan
it's already got this like focus 328
views and 76 likes and it's been up well
it's three o'clock now and most people
wake up about like I - most people wake
up about like six or seven ish ish show
tell a bit off really about four or five
hours and that support is amazing so
thank you guys on this on this one by
the way I just knows you guys look at
the weather it looks horrible it's foggy
it looks pretty fucking wet so I don't
even know why I'm going out playing
football but fuck it I'm still going to
go but it's probably not going to be
very good it's probably slow dias oh but
I actually just remember
being the absolute key I am I forgot is
Wednesday Arsenal at 7:45 and I'm going
yeah I got tickets I'm a season ticket
holder but still got mostly on myself
and tickets so I'm going tonight it's
gonna be fucking mental
it's a full sellout gonna be like 4,000
people there I'm gonna try and record as
much as I can right boys and girls so we
are back and look what we have here a
buddy subway as you guys probably don't
know subways I'm a favorite food ever so
I know what you're asking why have you
got I'm gonna show you guys right now
let's get let's get started with this
boys subway unboxing I say opening the
package in here I see what we got we got
the first box and we I've got a cheeky
cookie not too bad there now we're going
to be unboxing the main part of the of
the of the package the sandwich pull out
the last bit packaging there we go
chicken tikka onion and what is wild
score a sport in life finding guys I've
finished my subway it was fucking
delicious
another life's away is my favorite food
at the moment chicken tikka Subway's
College Lee the bomb but what we're
doing now as you can see playing a bit
of FIFA let's log on I don't know it's
like a par 4 at quarter to 5 right now
and I'm gonna watch football
I think quad 6 so like an hour to just
do whatever the fuck I want I'm just
gonna play some football and not
footballs gonna play some FIFA fellow
guys I never really showed you this but
look at this new controller I've got I
fucking love it as you can see it's like
wide bones and soul them gold d-pad gold
born to the back and if you look at the
back of it it's actually got grips on it
if you can see that
I don't know what you guys I thought
them shots looked fucking men don't just
hate when this happens
there were no opponents found really no
opponents in the entire world
yeah I don't think so just just fuck off
FIFA right then guys so we are to the
match I actually can't wait I'm ready I
don't even like this kale but I've got
nothing else it's warm but I'm a foul
so yeah I'm cannot wait I'll chime
record as much as I can let's see how it
goes
No
right guys so I'm back from the game oh
my god it was absolutely awesome if you
don't already
we won free nil against Arsenal Wow guys
I mean honestly probably the best game
I've ever seen
best Wednesday game I've ever seen in my
life the atmosphere was just insane
35,000 it was pretty much full the
entire stadium just chanting all the way
through man it was absolutely insane
I've enjoyed it so much it's almost 11
o'clock ten minutes till 11:00 and I've
just got back it was awesome guys
I'm sorry tube mal so putting it to much
actual footage I was just enjoying
myself so much right guys so that is why
I think I'm gonna end this vlog now it's
currently like two o'clock in the
morning so I'm just gonna go Abed
obviously today has been pretty tiring
football and then watching football but
I really hope you enjoyed that it was a
bit different to usual obviously I've
never done this type of thing before if
you want to see more of these sort of
vlog things and leave a comment below
telling me if you do or not but yeah
I've actually really enjoyed making this
just you know chill it out a bit just
talking to you guys and shit like that
it's been fun for me so hopefully you've
enjoyed as much as I've enjoyed making
it please leave a like and I comment and
subscribe if you are new I've involved
you guys been awesome and I will see you
guys later peace
