so guys just before we get into the
video I just want to say there's no face
cam for this episode I'm really sorry I
set up trying to record one for my
camera corrupted halfway through it was
something to do with my memory card so
I'm gonna go get a new one
reasonably soon so I'm really sorry guys
but I hope you enjoy let's get into the
video yo guys it's Boggs and today we
have episode 5 of our Sheffield
Wednesday career mode on FIFA 16 so guys
here we are as you can see we are fifth
in the league on 13 points and we're
just going to get a quick squad report
for you guys just so I can show you at
the actual growth in the team I'm just
going to scroll down let you guys have a
look at the actual growth I ain't a she
was going by free that's pretty good
as you can see and there you go guys
pretty much the entire team that's the
squad boss so I thought she was doing
very well at the moment obviously he's
on individual training but we have a
match here
Pillman tread in so who's the squad I've
gone for home to read it I was gonna see
Mateus an actuary gee Fannin Lopes Lee
Falk watchman Lee's Palmer and Westwood
if he's fit yeah he's fit so yeah
Westwood as far as I said we're all
gonna play this game as you can see
we're gonna go in the home kit they're
gonna go in the horrible looking
away kit anyway let's play this match
and the match is underway
we've got who's this I think this is a
rejean yeah it was we got a free kick
you can actually we're gonna actually
play it in Lopez plays it in not my ball
flake Oh what save good little start to
the game that all right let's whip this
in hopefully we can get a goal come on
no bad header goes out to Lopez gonna
put the ball back in the terrible cross
warm up doing they just hold him
possession around the back the bear
knowing to play against but we've won
the ball he was a terrible pass from
then ball goes through to iron touch you
got a lot to do looks like he's been
gonna go for long shot
oh what a goal what a dolt from iron at
you he is an absolute
holy ball go screw from balance I
not to take the pass one takes it pass
to the finesse shot outside the box
 my life white gold Jesus I nacho is
a gem polish I'm still recovering from
that goal that was insane
oh it's a great ball from them what they
gonna do decent delivery what goal
there's nothing I can do about that
so great delivery I'm not even gonna
watch that but that was a great goal
that you got you go just take that one
on the chin he's doing really well
guys I can barely get a touch I'm not
joking I'm having to bring my defenders
forward and hope to like just be able to
get a tackle away because my midfielders
don't seem to be able to do it for now
I'm so lucky what a jammy goal
so lucky that the deflation bounces
straight to the ginger and he's
just put it in what what color goes in
good I let always saved it
what save from the keeper isn't ice on
the wings even pretty quiet this game
she get past his nun though this could
be a chance look and go is anyone gonna
be able to catch him it's gets past
another man I'm gonna play the ball in
oh it's a terrible delivery why
karma ties across on this game good ball
go on then Otto Pelle
get in boys we got ourselves a penalty
and it's it's pretty deserved you're a
bad fella just backed up into him he was
gonna take it looks like is gonna be
berry Bannon he has got a highest
penalty stats we're going right boys
and he's got it he's got it in I mean
one good doll I guess 2 2 now we got to
go for the win on this game come on boys
let's do this guys I feel it's time for
the first sub of this game it's gonna be
Mateus off and Lucas Zhao on if you guys
have watched the previous episodes you
will know Lucas showers been busting at
the moment it was only on the bench cuz
the last few games didn't do as well but
it's coming on now with five minutes to
go
can he earned himself a place in the
lineup for next match let's find out
well done from Murray Gees playing a
brilliant ball and won it all come on
then it's a good boss ballon ballon foo
Luke
ciao and he's done it guys the absolute
wonder kid
he's not even a kid real is he in fact
how old is he he's 21 so technically as
a kid
Luca Shou anyway just gave us another
goal he always seems to be able to score
when the time is needed it's a brilliant
goal and now I'm gonna go defensive and
just hold onto this win because they
have been they have been causing a lot
of trouble up front so we do need to
just sell just let them have a better
possession and hopefully we can just
keep the shots out of the net you play
the long ball in it's cleared away well
done and there we go full time boom get
in boys ties it free to win a home to
read in that's a good result for us to
be honest reading I've got really strong
team this year and so I'm happy with
that obviously I know at you've got a
really nice-looking goal who got the
second one it was a penalty and bamming
got it and then the third one was the
Lucas Chou goal where he came off the
bench he's definitely gonna be going
into the squad for the next game but
let's skip forward and focus on what's
to come
alright so skip for today and we have
got some we've got a training session
that's the word so obviously we're gonna
do an iron at you and I'll show you the
ones we pick in just a moment okay so
there we go guys as you can see chance
creation beat a man perfect delivery
assisted free kicks on El Rondo they're
all hard because I think that's what
helps the play the most
anyway simulate all chablis see if you
can grow a rating let's have a look so
70 rated at the moment you still go in
didn't get to 71 boys a good bit
progress there so pretty good so guys
here we are with another game it's in
the Capital One Cup away at
Middlesbrough I'm just gonna simulate it
because I don't care too much about
Capital One Cup to be completely honest
with you guys I'm gonna just make a few
changes head to the squad Luke shall we
gonna go up front iron at you on the
Left no on the right and Matthias on the
left yeah got that right and then I'm
gonna keep everything else the same so
there we go we're gonna save the changes
and we're gonna get into this game
hopefully we can progress into the next
round so that would really help us get
some more money so simulate match press
a let's get going come on boys let's go
when away middlesbrough it's a tough
fixture but I think we can't do it
without current squad at the moment
ten minutes in nothing really just
yellow card for them come on boys let's
push for the win and there we go Matt
ISIL the goal and they've equalized
River penalty not the worst start to the
game it's halftime come on boys let's
have a second let's have a bet second
half Nugent is on that's pretty bad for
us he's a great striker Magoo goons on
for Lopez I guess that's that's all
right I read is on fire nice shoe
they've had a play sent off come get the
winner no it can't go into extra time
come on boys let's get this is about a
player sent off surely we can get the
win here 110 minutes in 115 and we've
got the goal caringly boom guys a win
away at Middlesbrough in the Capital One
club currently at Markham retires from
the goals one great result well done
boys and now we go into the most
exciting game of this episode away
rather room in the championship
obviously it's a Derby so I'm looking
forward to this anything and up and in
darbus the funny thing is we're actually
playing rather away today at the time
I'm filming this I don't know if it's
gonna be up by today or not
so it'll either be yesterday's we played
them all today but anyway let's go into
this match we're all going to keep the
squad the exact same but let's do this
guy's and the match is under way
come on boys garganta win out of this
game by great inspection by Matias
but it's managed to fall to them but we
played the ball it's Napoli really
involved Oh what ball I enact you have
got so much space here he's gonna coin
you might go alone Heights a penalty yes
eight minutes in and we've already
gotten a penalty and it's a yellow card
not red unfortunately but who cares we
haven't got a penalty and once
again it's gonna be by banding to take
it he's all the best penalty step by far
and I think wish we're gonna go a right
again just like the last match get in
keeping it even move one nail away a
trial boom oh so pop oh oh oh no oh we
give away a penalty here we go come on
Wes ward save this one I'm not sure
which way I'm going
Oh send me there
it's a great penalty to be fair one one
in the 14th minute this is a good game
this to Bannon bunin oh it's a great
ball Luka Joe come on Joe come on Joe
oh oh I'll save from the keeper anyway
so obviously half-time now one one not
the worst fair star but you know we
could have been doing bad we shouldn't
give away the penalty but anyway runned
away now I'm gonna play it out wide to
Matias Joe ah let's let's don't go on a
little bit of room with Matthias see we
can do which skip past one already cuts
in well done
finesse oh my god what an effort
all whoa keeping the tires what Oh buddy
I'm still in shock that was a great
effort
well done Louise having a good game
except for giving away the panel Oh Tina
seemed to be redeeming himself
Lucas Shou skip past one he's so tall I
can't get him up the ball come on
oh he's magic it's magic always a piece
of day stay foul is horrible red card
get him off
come on yellowy up Noir it's a terrible
challenge get him off
all right we're gonna take this below
face see we get a little free kick goal
oh what a goal what a goal Alex Lopez
from the free kick get in what a goal
this is look at this I mean I'm not you
good free kicks I won't expecting this
to be a goal boy it's a beautiful strike
keepers got no chance
well done another world in come Alex
Lopez such a great player 76 minute we
are gonna go defensive knocks I feel we
need to just assure this game and we are
gonna make a few substitutions now we're
gonna bring on commando fine at you
because he's absolutely knackered and
we're gonna bring on a region for push
out because Mattias is on a pretty good
game
oh good interception taking off him but
it's out wide it's like free on free
here if we can just play in a good class
it's a billion ball Oh looking keep it
just up there boom the match is finished
Towanda chef your Wednesday a way of
rather room it's a great performance
we finished dominated the game I mean
that's 13 told you have a bit more
possession just because the computerss
outs like hold possession but we did Dom
a lot of that tax just went straight out
but we have got training session here
once again so as always gonna do a vine
at you and I'll show you what we pick in
a second all right so we've gone for
sharpshooting keep possession head is
invalid el Rondo and scoring from
crosses simulate all let's see from game
operating it's doable but we could do it
how far you gonna go 70 that's a pretty
good increase to be honest he's almost
there
wait hold on I'm not sure how this works
has he gone up oh wait I'm not sure I
think he is actually what was he was he
a 71 I think he's gone up anyway I can't
remember if he was a 70 or 71 but anyway
you guys will remember there we go
another training session done with iron
a few these seem to be working very well
I mean we're only a few matches in his
eye and he's already gone up for a in so
that's pretty good anyway that's the end
of the episode as you guys may be able
to tell we got some really good results
today without second in the table QPR
are absolutely dominating the league
we're second this looks like it's gonna
be a pretty tight battle between us
Darby Hall forest and maybe
Middlesbrough so it looks like it's
gonna be a good season but we've got
three more wins today one against
Middlesbrough in the in the Cup one
against Rotherham and the other against
red in so some pretty good teams there
and it's a it's a good episode for us so
once again I'm sorry for no face cap on
this episode I really couldn't bring it
to you guys I wish I could have fought
I'm sorry
it will be back hundred percent for next
episode thank you so much for watching
if you have enjoyed them please much
alike if you are new then please
subscribe I upload videos every day at
the moment and yeah it's been more you
guys been awesome and I will see you
guys later peace out
