yo guys it's molds and today we have a
fucking sick pack opening for you guys
because drum roll please that team of
the week guys something you guys
probably haven't even know it 91 Moya is
also on a bench we've got Davies Wang de
Bruyne Santi Cazorla the hey er ham
stick Latino this is probably the best
evil week so far I have some people
points and I'm gonna be splashing them
out hoping to get one of these bad boys
we're serving God in form of people
succeed in a pack yeah hopefully that
will change today so let's get to it
okay so we're gonna crack into the first
pack with a nose pass you've always got
do one in a pack opening because you
know you just got to it became literally
a fee for tradition to do a note cut in
every pack opening you do books oh this
could be good in singing that's not a
word start to go for anything like he
goes for about three K so it's not the
worst start I will I will take that I'm
gonna do a normal putt now no
superstition needed Harry Kane on that
run who's he gonna bring me he's gonna
bring me fucking wolf shade what a
player for this next pack we're gonna do
a selfie pack let's get this going boom
are we gonna get take a selfie boys
five until that was hard dear it was
Lopez why shit pack I've never gone the
point of basic chemistry Styles like
literally why would you ever want a
basic chemistry style it just never made
sense to me but who cares let's move on
I'm gonna go for the fucking fired pipe
guys if you've seen my old apartment I
used to do these a lot and they are
really hard all right come on press a
yes we did it
we actually did a forehead part guys
insane
come on all of us give me a beauty oh my
god I opened it all my buddy forehead
and he'd give me savelii what are you
doing
before I had actually kind of hurts now
fucking boring dog straight into my head
I go oh Thiago Silva thought I could
have been where the anywhere is
Wellington guys a question for you guys
to leave in the comments dude using the
biggest troll players this year I think
it's got to be marking retires who plays
for Wednesday because the Portuguese
left winger and his gold
oh oh whoa just a good that's not about
Piko just asking a question for you guys
to answer and we get to stay again who
goes
quick sell okay so we're gonna do a
spinach a pack see how many times got
spinach
three oh my god yeah oh yes again no
we're player we're gonna go for the jump
on the bed park hopefully this works
this is the first time I've ever done
this superstition I think this first
time anyone's ever done this
superstition hopefully we can get a good
player oh my god
not even a fucking jump on my bed can
get me a good player fortunately we're
down to the last putt now guys so I'm
gonna open it and then just leave the
fucking room because just why I don't
care anymore
I'm fucking done so guys hopefully you
enjoyed that park opening I tried to
make it as entertaining as I could even
though the pots were fucking terrible
I'm sorry about that by the way but I
can't control the punch again cuz they
are fucking wankers anyways I've enjoyed
them please smash a like it would be so
much appreciate if we could get not
gonna last with the normal man who gets
70 lives from this video that'd be good
just because the pipes look pretty
average boy if you want to see another
pocket up there but if you do want to
see another pack opening then leave a
comment under like and I will get
another one out pretty soon
if you are new that here subscribe born
I blowed FIFA and other games daily at
the moment as always I've been mod you
guys been awesome I'll see you guys
later peace
Oh
