hey guys it's morgues and welcome back
to episode 4 of our Chevy Wednesday FIFA
16 career mode now lost episode rules
without a doubt the best episode so far
I'll give you a quick recap just before
the episode ended we sides give up our
eg for 5.5 million I believe 5.4 million
that's right
and we also scored a really nice long
shot and got some great results in the
league so the first thing we're gonna do
just before we carry on with this career
mode is guess squad report look at if
anyone's grown yet as you can see
Palmer's go my wand
Tom Lee's by one and then Falk where one
by Bannon one and then we have I not you
who have been given individual training
to is grown by two ratings kimonos grown
by one who have also got Wallace and
price both losing one rating and poodle
grow more rating as well as Vermeil
growing arrayed in your doubts on loan
so guys our first much of this episode
is going to be an away game at
Birmingham pretty boring game so we are
gonna simulate it as you see this is a
squad of going on for almost every
player is on Form except for Matthias
and our eg but we want to give a read
your game obviously amortize is one of
our best players so we can't really
leave him out so we are underway against
firming give away that rhymed and it's
not even mean for - okay so barely I'm
so pleased and it was a right back I
believe that's not the best start sure
we can get the equalizer though come on
Wednesday oh no we're too little down
what the hell you gonna need a miracle
come on Wednesday pull out surely not
right one track our first loss they've
had a play sent off surely Bengalis one
goal no we can't a to Nilda feet away at
Birmingham wash shot cameras all buyers
here ever much at home to QPR in the
championship I'm gonna play this because
that for
the most exciting fixtures in terms of
the team we're going to par read you on
the wing and shower hot front so get rid
of metastasis because they've been
performing really average and yeah
westwards on international duty so we're
going to bring in a guest since prices
to it's gonna have to be wild Smith okay
here we are guys the match is underway
oh it's a brilliant ball from QPR he's
completely unmarked oh what a mess
it was completely unmarked Leroy fair
and he's managed to smash it wide QPR do
up charlie often play and he was a
target for us in the transfer window so
it'll be a bit annoying if he scores
Hoshi's brilliant play Caesar eg drawn a
decent little ball Kelly take it down
nobody beat his men
I read you on the work on the leg here
my new best kill cuts in yours the
finesse all to keeper just grabbed it
not bad from the rock or eg now wins the
ball pulls hits of who is a sir eg only
peace to men he's just got to be that
last man can't he just move past him
know why he's a brilliant bit offender
from QPR Oh always hit the crossbar but
the disparity was a defensive error from
cause passing the ball out when we
should have just been clearing aligns
and it's felt I think Austin he was hit
the crossbar we are pretty lucky not to
be losing this game we need to do better
in the second half and there's half-time
I'm not gonna lie to you guys we are
doing really poor we're gonna keep it
like it for a few more minutes and then
we're probably gonna have to make a song
okay so the substitution we are going to
make is Mattias for Shou and we're gonna
put the tires on the left and stick a
read you up front
hopefully a read you can perform in the
second half cuz we really need the goal
now more than ever
oh it's a brilliant free ball from them
it found Charlie Austin and it's a goal
this is terrible we are doing
absolutely this game we can barely
get touch and when we can all we do is
 lose it this is the first time
this series I've really been totally
disappointed with the team nice ball to
Matthias you got one man to be we're
gonna go out wide can it be
two men now gonna cut in he's done so
well he retires but is oh he's just a
 finish we just can't finish a
 dinner we've not been the first
time this series where we've been unable
to finish our chances Mattias is them so
well to get past the men but it just
hasn't applied to finish guys the only
one thing I can think to do for the last
ten minutes of the match and that's
Saban
iein at you the Wonder kid hurry G I'm
not gonna lie have been absolutely
terrible that much it's a really cool
start for him to this series but I'm
gonna give him time it was obviously
he's young but it's not the best start
to this series unfortunately oh look at
that for Clarence straight to that
player why are we doing now soo here on
the right surely we can get something
from this attack he's got men all around
him gonna play through here
so Tom Lee's he was all good ball to
Mattias Mattias proved I not you it's a
great little bit play here and actually
gonna clean cuts in again I got you I
got you it's nothing but one thing kids
come off the babies and store the winner
oh my goodness guys white gold from
caliche I not you he got it on the life
skilled about three players and in the
90th minute the super serve I not sure
has come off the bench to get us the
equalizer unbelievable scenes here and
there we go guys that is the end of the
match now my mood has just been boosted
by a lot because we have come away with
a jaw I didn't mind a joy the star the
game was cube yard probably the best
team in the championship so a draw
against them is a pretty good result we
did probably not deserve the draw they
did have a lot more chances minerals for
in the end I in a shoe coming on in the
82nd minute to get the goal in the 90th
minute absolutely brilliant
so we have got a international
management offer from Northern Ireland
I'm not gonna take any international
we're all of us it's like Brazil or
something really big just because it
just distracts us from the actual series
we have actually got a training session
now so we're all gonna do it as always
all to iron at you so I'll show you what
we pick in a minute
okay so they're the ones we have gone
for we've gone to sharpshooting be your
man headers and volleys pass mastery and
assisted free kicks if you look at AI
nachos rating in terms of 69 to 70 he's
pretty close to the 70 don't hoping we
can get him off a Reagan from this
training drill let's have a look
is he gonna do it yes 70 rates at iron
at you so as you guys can probably guess
he constrained to the Stein lineup after
a brilliant performance
mattias actually came on and did very
well so we are gonna go with him as well
so Mattias iron at you and sugu
macdougan we're gonna switch out my
googa and Bob Bannon I know he's off
form
I just feel Balan as more quality and
we've also swapped out a latch man for
browning because Watchmen was up form so
straight after hole fixture against QPR
we are away a home but were probably the
second best team in the championship so
another game we are going to play a very
exciting one here and the match is
underway
oh no no oh what a save from old now
we've got will Westwood back into the
team now reminds me why it's me for
stealing the team boy has just pulled
off a really good save so will not slay
him too much
oh it's a wonderful goal it's an
absolute one destroy you can't take
anything away from that through even is
it it's a little more that's what
happens with these Premier League
players if you give him space they'll
score from long distance so one-nil down
here early on in the game to be honest
we've barely even had a touch it's been
another poor start for us we are just
not doing the best at the moment against
these top four positions
oh they bit the crossbar see that every
team hits the crossbar against those but
seriously we are getting absolutely
raped and they've is opposed this is
horrific guys we're gonna go defensive
we cannot take the quality of passing
play this is a nice tiny bit player with
William Palmer gonna lock the old what
good fair play gonna swing the ball lead
not bad
Falls out to Alex Lopez Lopez with the
shot that he's gone in a huge deflation
but Alex Lopez in myself but not the
goal from outside of the box he seems to
be the king of one cost at the moment I
mean it was a huge deflection like but
it was still a grilling goal and it's
1-1 very undeserved in my opinion but we
have stepped up our play and we're not
doing too bad now
oh we forced them out furfrou guys we're
pushing on the fashion now we're doing
very well
picks out Alex Lopez you'd only give him
that much space it's a good effort
Mateus Arnie this is a goal a thumbs off
sighs it's not upside in this two one
the dream is going to guys Alex Lopez
causing problems once again with this
long shot palms out with the keeper
falls straight and Mattias for the
tap-in but Alex Lopez once again been an
absolute monster in the midfield and
Mattias
just finishing the chance who want to
chef your Wednesday Oh could be possible
counter tap from the corner maybe an -
you're gonna go for the long ball eyes
it's blocked well from the hole player
oh here we go
oh no the whistle blew just as we want a
really dangerous counter-attack
guys annoying but it is halftime we're
winning 2-1 and we are doing pretty well
so I'm gonna leave the line on the exact
same so I'm gonna get from Mattias and I
nacho up front
we're gonna go for low peasant cam and
then
li and then i'm pleum banning in
midfield I'm gonna take off sugu and
bring on another defender and it's gonna
have to be latched man and then put
folker back on the left oh well done
from the keeper that was really
dangerous to be honest boys come out and
he's done well can he get there can I
ask you get that course he can he's
gonna look to clean air wait for the run
run of Mateus Mateus and he's done it
he's free one markoma ties with another
goal brilliant from the kid he's doing
wonderful it was my decision to bring
him back into the squad and it looks
like I made a good one
because he scored his second goal ask
you see an ass who plays him free when
the first shot was terrible they
followed it up with a little cheeky
header very good for Marco Mateus and
it's free he won Sheffield Wednesday now
no oh no they've got one bag it was
really looking from the free kick to be
honest it was a well work free-kick
found Dawson on the back pay was
completely unmarked really poor from us
boy it's too free hopefully we can
protect this win good header out
foster Mateus he's got one month to be
can he get past him yes he can surely
meet eyes for the hat trick he's just
got to slowly past the keeper no he's
missed it all new nose for the hat trick
mattias me why are you doing so
unlucky there oh no he's pointer boys a
good ball oh oh my god get it hell Jesus
Christ that was close and there we go
full time after that game but
hell that got close towards the end and
pretty scary we've held on to it
though and we've got the win so well
done to free Sheffield Wednesday so we
do have a match a home to read in but we
will be doing that in the next episode
as we've already played three games this
episode so taking a look at the league
we are in the playoff area we are fifth
on 13 points QPR on top with 20 points
Derby second form Leeds cause then
Middlesbrough puller actually temp so
they're not doing too well moment I
notch who's actually got on by free
rages now as I mentioned earlier he is
looking like a really good sign it
that wraps up this episode guys so guys
I fell I doing the outro on my brand new
camera if you haven't seen the video of
me unboxing and testing out yesterday
then go check the how I wrote it
yesterday
boy yes thank you guys a lot for
watching this career mode episode any
feedback or anything to do with a career
mode that you would like to see leaving
the comments below we got some pretty
good results it was a pretty good
episode boy if you have enjoyed them
please leave a like if we could aim for
95 lights on this video that being sane
if we could push for 100 that also be
really good if you are new then hit that
subscribe button I load every day fee
for content and other games though I've
been mugged you guys been awesome and
I'll see you guys later peace
you
