hello guys it's mugs and first things
first
sorry for the audio may not be as good
on this video I'm I'm to put my blue
Yeti here because I'm going to be
opening something here and showing it
you here so I can't put it Center or the
view will be blocked second thing I'm
about to okay sobs it could happen any
day literally yesterday I got 35 subs in
one day yes
35 so this I bought this to kind of you
know to take it more seriously I realize
now there's quite a wide audience
watching me so I want to give them the
best quality I could get you know I've
been saving up for this camera for
persons may so I'm so happy that I
finally got it right here to open so I
have actually talked the little envelope
that came in off just to check there was
the actual camera I didn't want to do
the unboxing 11 and halfway through
realize you were just an accessory or
something so I have ordered them so I've
got a knife as you can see I'm going to
prop the camera down so you can see me
actually opening this thing so there we
go
it's just so pleasing hi ah we have seen
the box we have seen the box oh my god
okay
Jesus this could be the worst unboxing
ever on YouTube of this camera but keep
watching guys ah okay we've got got it
yes okay then here we have the box as
you can see the canon powershot g7x I'm
recording this off my webcams and the
lighting won't be great so I'm sorry the
quality won't be good wait a minute I'm
gonna switch to this thing so the
quality will obviously improve so the
box is pretty nice pretty small you know
just something to that big does it on
the top list all the specs the Wi-Fi
capabilities the megapixels than that
but we're just going to get straight
into this thing and open it we're going
to move this down a bit okay guys let's
put that open so the one I ordered off
eBay with this actually came with its 16
gigabyte memory card I know that's not
the best but I thought I'd try it out
before I go and buy another one just
check if it's gonna be good enough on
top of the box rather manual your
 reason right I'm going to take
this off revealing the boxes content as
you can see here in this little pouch is
the actual camera and here is a little
tab in it with Lee charger so this box
can get out who needs it and let's look
at the camera oh man look at that come
protective so I've liked rapping just to
keep it nice crew shipping and few guys
canon powershot g7x
as you can see flip up screen so that
when you're vlogging like that you can
see yourself it's really awesome feature
as you can see the clicking logically
lens ring I think that's the right word
I'll give you guys a close-up view now
as soon as I mentioned the camera my
webcam is pretty so you
won't be able to see most of it but also
we have a battery and some kind of strap
for your hand and then the charger so
that's pretty cool
so back to me now guys unfortunately I
actually order some accessories as well
to show you guys I think you all enjoy
seeing them so I'm gonna go get them
bring them here and give you guys along
so the first success we were happy guys
is this extendable tripod it's kind of
hard getting into the video cuz it's so
long if I just extend this for you guys
oh look at that holy
here we have a gorilla pod which is
actually on my sj4000 case but this
thing literally snap yesterday my first
day using it and it snapped so now it's
got two legs boy I am planning on
getting another one just because it was
really awesome but pretty much they just
bend around it can stick to anything
it's pretty sick I've got a few
different mini tripods just for what I
want to put up on my desk and the final
thing I ordered was actually this spare
battery because if you get a Canon or
any camera you need have spare batteries
so guys what I'm actually going to do
now is switch to my Canon camera shoot
some video see how it looks
yo guys is morgue and here we are on the
canon g7x now just film I can see on the
actual screen up above the quality
already look there guys
it looked min this is stored in my room
where there is minimum lighting and it
looks insane now I really hope this is
bear for you guys I mean this is
something that I've been save not far
for ages just to please you guys
and I really hope it does you know this
is me giving back in a way just because
you guys have given me so much and I
just feel like obeying the quality for
you guys will you know help my channel
boost more and it'll make it more
enjoyable for you guys so we'll be using
this camera for pretty much everything I
do outside for pretty much everything I
do inside if I do some football video
see this is me still next to the window
so the quality I assume look pretty good
here but yeah that's about you guys I
mean I just wanted to make this video
just to let you guys know about this new
camera open it and then get your opinion
on it so leave in the comments below
is it better is there more enjoyable
experience for you guys any tips on how
to use these cameras then let me know in
the comments because I'm new to it all I
just know that this looks sick so if you
have enjoyed them please smash a like if
we could get 100 likes guys I've been
saying we've been smashing under it a
lot recently I think we can do on this
video just because this is you know
something is gonna make videos a whole
lot there for you guys so thank you so
much in you guys been awesome
I've been bugs and I will see you guys
later peace out
