hello guys it's mugs and welcome back to
our Sheffield Wednesday FIFA 16 career
mode part 3 now let's just do a quick
recap of part 2 we played the first
three games of the career mode the first
two of them were League games against
Middlesbrough and Blackburn and the
third one was a Capital One Cup game
away Ipswich no way I think was home to
hips which my bad bye anyway guys the
main focus of this episode will be
bringing in a star man that striker that
he's gonna carry us all the way to the
Premier League and I have a few players
in mind of who I would like that to be
the first one is Charlie Austin
obviously you guys have seen the first
two episodes we'll know that way I've
been trying to get him but as the series
is going on it's looking less and less
likely and I actually think that some
bad players we can get for the 5.5
million that we would be paying for
Charlie Austin one of them is actually
did Rock or eg so as you guys know he
plays for Liverpool he's out a few loan
spells out I think it was last season he
was in like Italy or something like that
he has a huge potential 86 he's 20 years
old and he's already 86 rated yes 86
rated already what a player so as you
see here div rocked or eg so what we're
gonna do is Scout him and inquire about
him I think we might be able to get him
for about five million but we will need
to get quite lucky because he's a very
good player but if we can snatch him up
to five million I'll be really pleased
with that obviously because he has huge
potential and it's already 76 rated
which is higher than all of our current
strikers so one thing I do know about a
Reggie is his so one thing I do know
about ora gay or a region is his wage is
50 grand a week so what we are going to
do is go to our finances and adjust the
wage so there's 50 grand wage budget
this way we will know that we can cover
the wage if we actually get him into the
club so pretty much we have 4 million to
try and get our region but we are going
to be selling some people so live wolf
got back to us and said they would
consider a bid in the region of 10
million which isn't the best news but we
are just going to go straight ahead and
put every penny we have so those four
thousand four million one hundred and
fourteen will just leave
like that hopefully they'll get back to
us and say if they accept or not to be
honest I'm not really expecting them to
accept it just because he's worth Philon
more and we do have some players
currently where we want to sell which
would help us get the funds to point the
bigger offer for eg if that made any
sense for Less simulate board and
hopefully they'll accept it's unlikely
but you never know with FIFA 16 career
mode so stimulating forward one day we
have a match at home to Brighton so
pretty much what we're going to be doing
with this series is playing the matches
that we think are better and simulating
the matches that aren't as good home to
Brighton isn't really a match that is
very good you know Brian on the best
team no offense to Brian funds we're
just gonna simulate it so here is a side
I'm going to go with it is as follows
Westwood Falcone lodgement Lee's Parma
Bannon Lopes Lee Mattias Foresti Ariane
sugu when you simulate matches you do
have to pay more attention to pick the
player is on Form or not if you just
play in the match it doesn't really
matter because it's just how you feel
with the players but we have paid
attention to that
taking out Camano because he is low on
form but we're gonna go into this match
right now obviously simulating it it
would be bad if we didn't get a win
because Brian are the best team and we
are at home but I'm just hoping we can
get a point a point is okay I guess I've
said that pretty much every match we've
gone up against but I wouldn't be too
disappointed with a point is early days
and we still are yet to bring in our
star man here we go so Rodriguez for
Brown has got yellow card 20 minutes in
here still mil millon first year with
the goal Isaac brilliant start well Don
Fernando forest Thierry and Matthias is
injured dies a bad sign we've got to
hope nice and serious and Zhao to nail
what a golfer's AO is come on for my
ties and show again three nil one
brilliant match this is free no can we
get the fourth goal just before no we
can't but a three nil victory over
Brighton in the championship Chou came
up the bench to score two so that is him
encouraging me to sign for next match
suppose Thierry also got gold to bring
us one nil up that's not a bad match so
good news Matthias has suffered of
pulled hamstring does not
good news but he will be out for seven
days so it's not a big time out which
I'm not happy about it could have been
months so I'm happy it's only days so
here we have a match against
Huddersfield in the championship I'm
going to play this just because I do
want to get a game played in this
episode we don't just want to be
simulating them all so I'm gonna try to
keep the team the exact same but I'm
gonna bring in Chou Paul for so much he
asked us Mattias is injured obviously
all right then guys so the first match
is underway here we start with suger I
believe this is we're gonna go on a
cheetah run down the left see if we can
get fairly cross in I know this first
arrow in the middle who's got pretty
good jumping Foster Foster though
actually all no could quite get past the
defense line there but not the worst
start oh it's a great bear play by
Bannon oh he got Muslim he got pushed
down I thought that could have been a
penalty it's still one lucky there it's
a really nice way of passing leading up
to that chance Google or break a we're
gonna go down the left nice ball Lucas
now on the left he's not even a winger
but it puts the cross in it's not bad
I'm coming all week long in the short
way I was such a good ball by Zhao who's
not even a winger but he's a billion
balling and we just couldn't quite
capitalize not bad play here gonna go
down the left again foster Zhao might
come in this time no he's no he goes
down the side
Shirley's gonna be goalless first he's
missing all my good for his cherries
missed it how does he miss that oh dear
I don't always miss that
it was literally a sweaty goal and he's
missed it oh dear that was the most
undeserved goal ever so what is field on
their first attack point across and it's
I don't even want to watch him fat guys
we one-nil down and he's extremely
undeserved Australian from soo GUI got
pushed off the ball by someone who's
like half is high no good enough we put
it back one day back and it's played a
good both Kaylee Kaylee gets the Olaf
it's a good ball tchau tchau tchau
yes we've equalized and it was Lucas Yau
I've really finished them Joe why great
Gold caringly slime through a wonderful
ball Joe stain on side look at this
class so caringly here slots through a
wonderful food ball Zhao on the on the
right foot sorry it just puts it into
the
on a placement not power look that a
brilliant goal and Lucas Zhao is on form
at the moment can he beat his man yes he
can all folks Jerry's in the middle what
we're gonna do
plays it low always caring Leon this is
shot and it's gone why it won't even
caring Liras Alex Lopez but not a chance
oh it's a corner my bad I'm gonna whip
this in not by delivery keep us come up
foster Lopez the long shot Oh goal Alex
Lopez
well I finish we know he's got a long
shot for body takings when you level it
on the corner the keeper Mike Allen
looking for finish oh my god the kids
love his line that is a goal where the
 secret Alex Lopez
whimpers Donna so is half-time and we
are comfortably winning this game 2-1
not comfortably by this goal line but by
the actual play they've had one chance
and it was really really lucky to get
the goal this is a good little spell
from Huddersfield
just after the first half whistle they
I've been doing some good passing yeah
in and around our box hopefully we can
get this clear from the header well done
and Ulster Bannon come the counter
touchstart picks out I not you I know at
your skill classes man this is a chance
fine a to the young kid we signed from
Man City you break free here in a best
face goes the finesse and he said good
oh my god by Bannon
Oh dear me we had that cleared off the
line all from I not use shot that was
unlucky guys that was very unlucky
Oh Joe with the inception show this is
garbage chance plays in iron a two
finalists you may go down the wing here
yes he is he's going on the wing can he
beat his man he skipped past him see
shower in the middle balls good Luca
Shou Shou with the goal shalt with the
goal to gospel Luca Shou
he is a monster interception sugu this
is a chance it's pre on two plays across
one more time it's a good ball come on
oh come on oh and he's a goal for
Francois's come on Oh
ball one this is turning him to an
absolute humiliation and c'mon Oh coming
off the bench to score there we go
the full time whistle is blown
never been so happy so far this series
we have got a 4-1 win over Huddersfield
so what is field where a lot bearings
second half boy in the end it was a
really comfortable win for us just
because we had a lot of chances
they had minimal chances we really just
dominated the game obviously Alex Lopez
with the wonder strike gel with the
brilliant header we had a billion game
showers my man of the match by far so
new you and Buju both transfer listed
hopefully some teams have put some
offers in for them so the next match we
have here is in the capital one cup away
at school for now no disrespect to
school pop but they aren't as good as
those obviously they're in the lower
league so we are going to rotate the
team a bit we are actually going to
simulator as well what we actually going
to do is plays out front we're going to
play iron at you on the left wing and
we're going to play a silver on the
right wing because these on Form we are
also going to swap out Lopes for
macdougan and watchman for tyre soor
browning and that should do us guys can
see we're gonna go straight in with the
simulating match players are warming up
let's do this guy's
so here we're gonna go okay seven
minutes in nothing's happened cameras in
sugu with the goal there we go one Nilla
not too bad so far browning and Palmer
both got yellow card which isn't the
best sign and sugu to no brilliance ooh
you're getting both goals i drilling
Foresti Aries on fire not to sires is on
for Williams on their team if you really
care about that team they've got one go
back this isn't as comfortable as
we thought can we hold on to it Parma
with the goal there we go 3-1 I was
never even worried guys boom we advance
to the next round in the Capital One Cup
get in ok guys so it's that time of the
week again where you can do another
training session so we are actually
gonna do the whole training session on
one player we're gonna do them all on
iron ass chip so guys as you can see
these are the five training sessions I
have gone with by not you headers and
volleys sharp shooting keep possession
el Rondo and basic free kicks we're
gonna simulate the drill and see how it
does
oh no we simulated just one I meant to
press simulate all oh god what we're
gonna do here
so um hold up let me go simulate all
there we go
sorry about my guys
so there we go
unnaturally that sure how training
really works to be honest I'm a real
noob that training but I think that's
pretty good I guess
so guys for the final match of this
episode it's going to be a home game
against Nottingham Forest we are gonna
play this game just because it would I
had a really good time play in the last
game and we did really well so as you
guys can see Matthias is back so the
side I've come for consists of Matthias
Joe sugu Bannen Lopez Lee Falk where
watchman's leaves and Palmer and
Westwood so the match is underway here
we are gonna do a bit passing let the
team build shape here we've got Barry
Bannon plays it to Karen Lee Karen Lee -
Folker Folker gonna go for the long ball
- Mattias and it goes out for throwing
now that start once again oh no it's
another good bowling oh and they've got
that goal that was coming
guys we have starred this game really
really badly they have dominated
everything we've barely got touch to the
ball here we go come on
Mattias is free on the right on the left
sorry looking together ball in here
Lucas Shou I said terrible cross it's
just a terrible cross Oh what's happened
there
so it's halftime it's been one of our
worst halves of football this season we
are gonna have to make a change here I
don't know what to do I think we're
gonna have to bring on iron at you for
Matthias on the life because Matthias
has been absolutely shocking good ball
Lucas Shou Lucas y'all with the finish
get in there we go Lucas Shou got those
the goal brilliant why my knight side
yes
what a goal from Zhao he just shrugged
up his man just ran through no problemo
one one now let's go for the win
here we go the balls going in no bad
ball wide it 2-1
get in who is it the scored think about
William Palmer is only in Palmer but
second all in a row is it yeah no Sarah
largeman it's the center back down
watchman always put it in he's put it in
on now
look at this for a goal it's good from
his paw defended from us we're just not
doing good enough at the back of the
moment it's a brilliant finish but
not good enough from us good play
Lopez oh no he's been ball down state so
close we are really going for this now
oh no he's gone down oh this is so close
good cross I not you oh no I cannot
believe this happened
he's hit the crossbar they're so
unlucky and there we go the full town
whistle is blown I would've been too
disappointed with the scoreline if it
weren't for that header that just hit
the crossbar so I'm pretty disappointed
but we got point which isn't too bad
we're still undefeated this season we're
actually gonna take a look at the league
and see where we are but we did really
deserve to win that game so as you see
in the league we are in sixth place with
nine points
QPR winning with 13 lead for the Levin
and the rest of the teams are on ten so
we're not doing too bad this season we
played five games we've got two wins and
free draws so as you can see we're gonna
do another training session now we've
done an actual again we've done sharp
shooing headers and Bali's possession el
Rondo and assisted free kicks so we're
gonna simulate all hopefully it will
game operating I think that's what we're
aiming for what's happened here is he
gone up yeah yeah he's now 69 rated so
that's pretty cool
is gone operating so that's pretty good
I'm happy with that
so his transfer deadline day and we only
have one goal for him sign her EG so we
received a transfer offer for a teen ooh
you in the first hour of transfer
deadline day as you can see it's 425 K
I'm not be without I'm just gonna bump
up to 500 so that came back and said 475
I'm gonna accept that because it's only
25 less than what we wanted
okay so we've also received a transfer
offer for Jeremy Holland this is
brilliant I think this should give us
enough money 625 came from Ipswich we're
gonna like setback because that's
another player that I mentioned I didn't
want
hopefully now that will give us enough
money overall to go ahead and sign
DeVry Larry G we're just gonna go to
transfers now and just the budget okay
guys so there we go look at that
financers 5.5
million remain in budget and 50 grand
weekly wage surely they will accept 5.5
million if I just goes we have the time
to waste
we're only five hours in we are gonna
submit 5.4 just in case they'll accept
that we've done it they've accepted the
offer oh my god about time
they've accepted the offer I so contract
we're gonna say crucial first team
player we're gonna say five years cuz
he's won for the future we're gonna give
him exactly why wants 50 grand wage
submit the offer guys we're getting or
eg okay so he's accepted the contract
we've done it with side divock Origi
oh my goodness guys that took some
absolute doing but there is oh my God
look at him look how it looked in that
team 77 76 and 71 guys we have done it
nice the best possible end to the
episode I could ask for guys that is
incredible.we upside him after all the
waiting we've done it we've signed a
read you we've had some pretty good
performances in the league and now we
are going into the match away at
Birmingham that will be in the next
episode guys but hopefully you've
enjoyed this episode as much as I have
making it we have obviously got facecam
first episode like you guys asked so
hopefully you're happy about that if you
can leave a like that would be
absolutely awesome if you could go 400
lights because of this insane episode
that would be really cool any questions
or comments or anything to do with a
career mode leave it down there in the
comments below thank you guys for
watching I've been bored you guys been
awesome and I will see you guys later
peace
you
