yo guys is marked and today we have a
new series and it's going to be a
Sheffield Wednesday career mode on FIFA
16 now I told you guys my previous
videos that I career mode was going to
be coming soon and it is going to be on
my T and I support Sheffield Wednesday I
know you shuffle United fans will be
happy about this but it's not designed
for you design for the Wednesday fans
which Oakley will be happy about this so
just before we get into the actual
career mode I just want to take you
through a few things first of all
Sheffield Wednesday our team in the
Football League championship if you
don't know them currently just before
the 2015-16 season they would taken over
by someone called elf on Chancery which
means in the game they'll have a lot
more money I think that budget is around
3 million but we are going to be doing
the 60% transfer budget as you can see
here which takes up to about seven eight
million I think and we're also going to
start with one of the global scouting
Network Scouts for the first season
which is awesome so we're just going to
advance here and I'm going to take you
through the squad now the budget is
actually four point seven million so I
was wrong that's my bad there we go guys
is done more clips and as you can see
here we go the new manager of Sheffield
Wednesday
Morgan Woodson let's do this guy's so
I'm always going to be looking for ways
to interact you guys with this series if
you have any requests of people we could
possibly sign you can leave it in the
comments below and I will be looking at
them and possibly exciting the players
in the video if I do actually go on to
sign the players I will give you a
shower in the video the person nicely
suggested the player so now we go into
the preseason tournament I am actually
going to participate in one of these
we're going to do the one on the most
budget the most money offering which is
this one I'm going to get into this
hopefully we could get a little boost on
to our transfer budget that would be
awesome so here's the default squad when
you make a career mode reshef your
Wednesday I'm just going to organize
this into the formation I want on the
squad which I think is best so I'll be
back in a minute
so guys there you go the squad is done
as you can see I've got over basic for
free free formation because I think it
suits the players we have best as you
can see we have four staring Mattias and
sugu up front in the midfield we have
balint Lopez alley
and then at the back we have Wiggins
Lightman leaves and Parma obviously the
players in the squad will be changing
which means the instructions and the
bench will be changing as well that's
the bench if you're interested libraries
yama google Sasso while Smith Turner and
Wallis foot that will obviously be
changing as we bring in new faces so
talk about new faces there's a few
signers I want to make including the
player that I'm going to get up on the
screen right now that play is tires
browning now this is probably going to
be one of the smallest amount of money
we are going to pay on a siding if we
can get him we're just going to scout
and inquire about him I don't think
he'll be much more than a million but
I'm prepared to pay up to a million
because he's got back potential for the
future and it'd be a good little swap
out play it for when some of our Center
backs get injured another player we're
going to be scouting and inquiring about
is Francois's Camano fan toys I think
that's pronounced right he's 19 years
old a right midfielder
he's very good he's got great potential
it'd be brilliant to bring him to
Sheffield Wednesday another player we're
going to be trying to bring in in most
he will only know because of his goal
the other week for Man City caliche ioan
achoo while actually got that right yep
he's 18 years old he has got potential
like a beast and he is available for
very cheap I do know that because I
stand him in another career mode and
he's an absolute beast I definitely want
to bring him in another play we want to
bring in is Dimitri fowl career
now here is a 22 year old left Bucky
six-foot and we do really need a life
back out that position is probably the
weakest in our entire side and the last
player we're going to be inquiring about
is Charlie Austin now we do have
Fernando for Jerry up front well I think
to gas into the Premier League first
season we do need a bigger and better
player Charlie Austin is a great example
that he's not the youngest boy he's not
the oldest either being 25 he has lots
of years to grow and hopefully we can
sign him and he can be our star man
getting up to the Premier League
so the first play again onto the trans
fellas will be Glen woven's I'm also
going to put on Joe's ace tomato also
gonna put on Melo and I was a fan
favorite but we are also gonna p√§rnu you
just because he's getting old he's slow
he's low red and we won't need him going
forward at this club I'm gonna also
stick some players out on loan to
Havilland I'm gonna put on loan his
fifty three red he's 20 years old we
don't need him at the club so let's get
him out on a one-year loan I'm also
gonna put library on the loan list he's
a bit high rare than to have a land
bought without other striking option
we don't really need him also just to
quickly mention our remaining budget is
7.5 million our weekly wage budge is 50
grand
so Manchester City have said they want
1.4 million for iron at you I think we
can get in for less than that I'm going
to put an offer of 800 K I think that's
about where I find at you Graner dev
says they want 2.5 million for file
Korea that's not too bad I'm going off a
1.5 and see what they say about that
every time one eight point two five K
foot tires browning nice not too bad bad
thing we can get in for four point two
five or maybe a little bit higher than
that QPR said they want ten million for
Charlie Austin but I think we can get
for a lot less than that
I'm good off them four million and a
Seenu you Basti up said they want 4.2
million for France's come on oh this is
a lot of money but I think hopefully we
can getting for 2.2 million we might
have to stretch a bit higher though but
I think it can be done we have our first
match now up against Palermo we all go
to simulate it because I'm not too
bothered about wasting ten minutes so
the match is underway as you can see if
you look under chef de windsor you can
see the team I'd put out is the team
that I explained to you at the start
bowls only has got a yellow card and
Matias has got the lead 11.11 now turn
it on for Wiggins leads with the yellow
card Matias has made it to one and their
players got injured hopefully we can
hang on to this lead can we do it the
first win of a career move boom there we
go to one both goals from Marco Matias
okay so we have got message back from
man City they have accepted our offer
for iron at you that's absolutely
brilliant so we're going to give them
exactly why once to the squad role we're
gonna say a squad rotation player
hopefully accepts that boom there we go
there's a great deal for iron at you
we've also an offer accepted from
granada' for 1.5 million for jimmy three
foul Quinn dies a brilliant offer as we
really do need him in the club we're
gonna put important first team play
because he will be starting most of our
matches
Bastia have rejected our offer for
Camano so we're going to bump up by 200k
and also add a player we're going to add
we're going to add Felipe Melo as we
really don't need him at the club he's
worth about 600 he's worth 750 K so
we're just going to keep the money the
exact same and we've also had the offer
rejected for Charlie Austin they said
even though they are interesting not too
new you the price is too low I'm going
to bump up to 4.4 million and key
new you there Everton has rejected our
offer for tires Browning's so we're
going to bump up to 495 grand
we've got chance profit for Kayla Lavery
it is a loan out to MK Dons on a
one-year loan we're gonna go ahead and
accept that that was lies good
experience for him we have another match
now against car pee in the cup so we're
going to simulate again is away from
home but hopefully with the aresult
likely match we just saw so the match is
underway as you can see you in the 15th
minute there's been nothing going on
except for a yellow card for Bianco on
their team we've kept the line of the
exact same because I think we played
billion in the last match getting the
win so hopefully we can get the win
again Joe is on for sugu they've had a
play sent off up there's still one nil
oh that's not good enough we will need
to get the winner get their equalized
come on
so we've lost 1 nil to carpi even though
they are 2 player sent off that's not
good enough we're going to be changing
the team on for the next match because
we should be winning matches when the
player on their team has been sent off
that's not good enough so the bright
side the bestia have actually accepted
the offer for Camano so the offer was
2.2 million I'm Philippe Mello so that
will see Melo leave the club we are
going to give him yet again exactly why
once we got a point important first-team
player because he is an important first
team player for us if he came in I enact
you as accept to this contract offer so
he is now a Sheffield Wednesday player
caliche I Knight you first sign in
welcome to the club QPR have rejected
our deal yet again 4.4 million and at
Anu you we're going to bump it up to
four point seven million hopefully they
will accept that Dmitry foul queer has
accepted his contract so that is another
player of the club to meet you pal quia
welcome to Sheffield Wednesday Everton
rejected our offer yet again so we're
gonna offer them five five five grand
come on O has rejected the contract
because he can be persuaded but he
doesn't want to move so what I'm going
to do is offer him 18 grand which is
free grand more than what he wanted
hopefully I'll persuade him to come
because I really do want to bring him
into the team yet again
QPR rejected our offer for Charlie
Austin what will they take we're gonna
bump up to four point nine five million
a four point nine four who cares and
submit the offer so for this next match
in the cup as you have made a few
changes we have brought foul queer and
Turner and jao into the squad if we look
at the bench we've got first Gary on
there
iein at you on there and watch me now on
there so this matches against Glee Marez
I think that's pronounced right I'm not
sure though as you can see to the left
that's our squad hopefully we can get
the win cuz if we don't I think we might
be out of the tournament which is not
what we want permission and there has
been absolutely nothing except for a
yellow card from Parma this isn't the
most convincing first half ever I notch
who is on for Joe
iein at you it's odd for Joe I repeat
iein at you is on on his first on his
debut
he's on 79 is only nil nil I knocked you
of the goal I like choices one it was in
85 minutes I let you coming off the
bench on his debut was just one of the
game
incredible C's here I an actual his
debut is already becoming a fans
favourite chef you only one remoras nil
what great star fire nachos I may just
persuade me to put him into the team for
our next Cup match so Chevy wins the
board I've give us some toilet prize
money
a hundred and sixty four grand which is
pretty awesome everything I've accepted
our offer four times brown is to
regularly government sack who I want
we're going to say squad rotation player
hopeful will accept that I don't think
he'll be happy with that so I'm going to
bump up to 6k let's see if they accept
and Camano has accepted his contract so
there we go come on oh it's into the
squad I'm so happy about that because he
is one of our bear players now at the
club so we have actually kept the same
squad going into this next match all the
only changes been made is commandos came
onto the bench as you can see 71 rated I
know why not you scored batting pulled
up into the squad would be a lot of
pressure and I want to keep the squad
the same for this next match in the
Corps and the match is underway
how we gonna le go first wait a minute
goal no we can't but they can 19th
minute
they take the lead where guns Konyaspor
another lead strange team name there but
who cares Tom leaves with the equalizer
40 minutes get in there come on we need
to be pushing to the win now macdougan
is on for Lopez match us with the goal
but Titus is the goal to one off can we
keep this lead seven half minute it's
gonna be tight come with you a seven
minute boom we have done it we have done
all the winning the cop21 Chevy
Wednesday over Konyaspor
leaves a Mateus of the goals absolutely
brilliant yet again we have got another
1.1 million from the tournament prize
money this is just getting better and
better so we have submitted a new offer
for Charlie Austin because they declined
it yet again Thais browning has accepted
our contracts so there we go another
sign in into Sheffield Wednesday tires
browning so here we are the final of the
cup we need to win this to get the
fullest to get Charlie Austin as I don't
think we have enough the pressure is
unreal for this game we are away from
our wish from the help against Vitesse
Vitesse I'm not sure the match is
underway with 20 minutes in and nothing
is up and so fighter for two yellow
cards on their team but first seven
minutes in now and nothing else happened
it's gonna be nil nil halftime force
carries on for sugu much is gained to
the closing stages now we need to Nick
in the last minute come on Wednesday get
I go I ain't asked you is on can't be
here once again no oh god no okay so
they won it in the last minute well not
technically last minute was about 86
minute but the ice absolute oh dear that
was bad
not about that we are actually gonna add
her line for the transfer list he's 66
rated we do have a backup in Wiggins
so we really don't need him so culture
still want to have lined on a one-year
loan obviously I'm going to accept that
because we don't need with the club so
that's four more dead wood out of the
team online which is pretty good so we
have a transfer offer from Birmingham
City for Josie tomato offering 350k
we're gonna bump it up to 400k if they
accept that I'll be over the moon
cuz we absolutely 100% don't need him so
boomcgull have decided to match at the
400 grand deal for Josie samito
and go ahead with it like brilliant we
have a transfer offer for Glen Lubin's
325 K from Middlesbrough his always 4.75
so I'm not having that we're gonna offer
exact revised work for 4.75 and if they
accept that I'll be happy so
Middlesbrough's offered 400 K for
Lubin's I'm gonna bump up to 440
if they accept that I won't be too happy
but then again we really don't need him
so here we are at the first game of the
season unfortunately we're not going to
play it this episode because we have
already completed four or five matches
this game and we've made quite a few
signings this is where we are going to
leave the first career mode episode if
you have enjoyed then please smash the
like as I said earlier in the video if
there's any players you would like me to
bring in to chef the ones they leave
them in the comments and don't if we're
gonna be able to get Charlie Austin or
not see if there's any good strike as
you know
there are about selling 74 rated and put
them in the comments and I'll look at
them on the game and maybe we can sign
them so I have been mauled you guys been
awesome and I will see you guys later
peace out
