you know what Morgan let's up your way
you get straight into a game of four
tonight okay unless you win that game
you're actually banned from play
fortnight for 30 days because I've
absolutely had enough of this
oh my god everybody's got no weapon okay
that means guys time for me to get loads
more wins okay this way
maybe not loads more wins but so yeah
guys we've got loads of new skins loads
of numerous loads of new places on the
map but i'm sure you guys already know
about this and i haven't played yet guys
so you know what guys I'm gonna waste no
time I'm gonna get straight into a game
and hopefully get my first win but just
before I want to say a massive thank you
to everybody that copped the new a
fortnight merge which is before that
guys if you haven't already caught some
of my fortnight's inspired merch you're
missing out because if you caught this
merch you'll be entered into a
competition if you win you'll be invited
right here to the t-bolts house took
place on fortnight with me so you want
to spend the day with me all you just
love for night and wanna get some for
tonight inspired merch and the link is
in the description below and it's
currently on sale as well so don't miss
out okay guys so the first thing I'm
noticing is oh my gosh we have new
season for battle pasty who will pause
for a minute and take a look at this
town Omega Alpha
now you guys loved when I bought the
entire fossil fast with my mother's
credit card including the John wicks get
all the money that's coming out of my
account it's being spent on four nights
know what Morgan this is fully winter
you're not playing this stupid game
anymore you give me the phone Nate and
if you don't give me the money Morgan I
will never ever speak to you again so if
you guys want me to do that again with
the season four ball pass and the Omega
scan let's get 50,000 likes on this
video I will not do it unless we get a
50k line and subscribe if you do so you
don't miss that video but right now
let's get into a game Howard Eisley the
new mouth okay guys here we fucking go
the new ma looks insane guys the first
place I'm gonna visit in season four on
the new mod is risky
now I have seen and heard a lot about
this and apparently some of these new
places how the little crystal or things
which make you flippin fly that's all
I've heard that's all I know
so I'm super excited right now but
apparently a lot of other people are too
because that is a lot of other people's
coming here as well
oh my goodness okay okay oh my god
somebody kill
okay that's another one dude you
literally can't celebrate after a kill
because there is so many people flipping
here
that's another kill that's basically
free and I've ran out of ammo so I'm
gonna try and get that guy's stuff oh my
god this is intense
ah yo can we just take a chill for a
second haha
oh I've got a feeling we're gonna be
doing a lot of repeating in this video
because this is so intense
Wow bro risky reals we find that with
like Pendleton people I killed someone
but someone else got the last bullet and
stole my kill then I killed that person
then I killed someone else and then as I
was walking away so what else
no I can't take that launch one thing is
for certain guys and that is season four
is gonna be epic and I can't wait let's
get back into the game okay guys we're
passing right over dusty Devon and you
know my head's telling me don't do it
because you're gonna die straightaway
and everyone's gonna go there haha my
hands on the control and telling me get
out that and cause some flipping chaos
so guys looks like we're gonna be going
to the new dusty devant oh my goodness
prepare for battle because it's gonna be
intense
yeah looks like half of the people in
the flipping game are coming as well oh
no this is gonna be an extreme it's
gonna be extreme as what okay I got a
pump I got a pump I got a bomb
nope you ran away oh my god okay
three kills space of like one minute you
saw me and I game I was trying to talk
this is just ridiculous I don't know
what to say I said with you doing a lot
of dropping and repeating but I think
what we need to do a little bit more is
bush camping guys because I don't think
I'm quite good enough to go to these new
places yeah I'm literally out of breath
I've never seen so many people in one
place ever I think that place is the
more popular than tilted towers uh Wow
my brain is going crazy right now so
guys I'm about to jump in until one dies
I just remembered it's Martin's birthday
and we're supposed to go out for a meal
in
five minutes longer what are you doing
oh Mack you pay for tonight come we need
to go you've got a few minutes
the tax is coming soon just switch that
off please turn it off and let's go get
ready another nice time know what yeah
for nice season four
just came out new skins y'all need a new
skin two words for ya
dusty DevOps John two more do you want
two words - oh we're going out three
words
where we are three or four words welcome
please just for one get off the game
leaving your rubbish after you came
stressed out with it you're spending too
much money on it let's just go out
please don't upset me for once before we
go out let's just go out and have a nice
time
mom listen to me okay you listen to me
for night season four is owl the meteor
has been rumored now for mom's age has
finally hair and all I've been able to
play is to game you have to let me play
I don't care about you Marvin that's
shocking
that's shock you know all the things he
does for you i all all then just shuttle
just get ready we can play this
afterwards
wow they where they'll play afterwards
go please listen Martin is bald
dusty DeVoe is not bald I'm gonna go
there instead jail okay hey no stop do
you know what do you know what do you
know what what people honestly so you
want mr. clever clogs is very your way
okay
my stomach my way gosh oh my wait time
for me to jump into a game okay
you came to a game before tonight I will
well unless you win this game yes I win
this game you're gonna be banned from
playing for tonight for the next 30 days
there's no series fall for you if you
can't fit in enough that you can win
you've caused us all this inconvenience
you've put everybody out your books
everybody because of thought night so if
you think you've learned and you are now
good enough you do this you play you win
or you're banned 30 days guys do you
think I should do it or shall just stop
the video go if Martin and not play
you're addicted you know what what would
John Cena do he'd say
never give up never stop fighting I may
have zero wins on four nights thoughts
maybe all I need is pressure mom unless
I win this game I'm banned from
fortnight you've got a flipping deal I'm
doing it come on easy for me I'm gonna
sit and watch and then look out for the
meal in your band unless I win mom you
won't wait Morgan you never win you
never win unconfident knows our dicted
you are you know what mom what I might
just have to do a little bit of Bush
campaign we're going to do this fan
let's do it okay boys and girls you know
I was nervous but right now I'm
confident okay I ain't going dusty ain't
going
whiskey I'm going to the brand new
mansion just next at a lonely large mom
I bet you haven't heard about this place
now tonight it's built with some really
good loot and you know what if I'm gonna
win my first game in the entire
spotlight I'm gonna need some good loot
so okay we're about the line guys and
we've got company I've got a green pump
shotgun Wow oh my word you know I'm not
even making a big deal you know why mom
cuz I'm confident yeah look at you look
nervous to me I've got a chest wow I
like this house oh pretty much best
weapon in the game okay
now mum and the only other words are you
feeling like you know my other chance
now know what I'm kind of thinking is
about all the other things you can be
doing while you're not playing fortnight
for the next 30 days I'm gonna be
playing for live for the next 30 days
I'm you're gonna lose you can take the
dogs for a wall you can go six years
other to be you could die too you know
oh my word you could even cut the grass
of your house oh we got shields boom we
got shields okay another chest momma
right at the top of the house where you
tribe each my controller then you trying
to make me lose no cuz I don't need
better make you know I just want you to
lose so we can go out for tea well I've
got bad news for your buddy I ain't
gonna lose you always do the only time
you don't is when you put something
silly around you like a Zorro all our
portal oh I wasn't been silly next to me
right now so maybe
Oh ruff - a good saw though boys and
girls already got one kill only 30
people left
we've looted the entire mansion we've
got some great weapons I'm confident you
don't look confident oh gosh
confidently shaking I've got it I've got
this oh okay come on no more fooling
about I've got this come on I've got
this fellow what it's a bullsh over
there that looks really oh I'm on this
Bush life and everything but I don't I
don't care about bushes maybe I should
get in a bush maybe I should just know
it's win you've got to win but you know
no problem we've went in and just
counting the time down guys if you wanna
chop some of the new bush she goes the
controller get off at you Bush live
match link in the description I'm gonna
keep going out on the home oh I see
someone someone's building that oh oh oh
just wait this long I missed you need to
hide the ice-cream thing gonna be I'm
not true ownership helping none of my
grenades hit mom no my plan is backfires
are you going why are you running on the
roof
oh my gosh
Nicolay I happen to know his anyone's
all they have to do is hit me once all
you have to do was hit me once
oh no where's my kanpai kanpai kanpai
I think I'm actually giving you lots
idea next to you I think if I go you'd
probably lose I thought I had it there I
thought that was the end I did hold
through I've seen that the store my
shrinking people find people fighting
people find people fighting while they
fight
well you know what this means
mom okay long way way please please
listen stop and just listen to me oh my
god he was hiking okay hug also build on
oh good I'm sorry but it deals a deal
they made a deal they shook hands it
doesn't mind somebody had nothing to me
listen listen well you know how much I
love this game see some for just came
out there's so many more places to
explore I haven't even got the skin the
Omegas skin mom to see them off don't
they do more more then you pose Morgan
I'm so sorry but I feel really bad but a
deal's a deal and you're gonna thank me
for this in the long run have a little
break from fortnight and then when you
go back to it oh yes please don't do
this to me I know we had a deal I know I
know where to deal we hand shook and
everything but you don't have to do this
more come on I'll come on a food review
I'll come out and do it right now just
leave the Xbox alone please please
please them what are you doing I'm sorry
Morgan but a deal's a deal because we
agreed and it will do you good
to know of this
the gate
a deal's a deal this is you agreed you
know Morgan do not cross the game no no
no that's it you have 30 days and now
because you've pushed and pushed it you
can't even have it back
he's done he's finished
it's finished no Xbox no PlayStation no
controller thing no more night and I'm
my body's series 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 or
whether it is motions or this sawdust is
over go to your room go go
guys today is a sad day today is the end
of fortnight I no longer have an Xbox my
ps4 is broken I no longer can play
fortnight you know what guys we may have
had a deal what mum did was too far not
only did she take it but she threw it
away so guys if we can smash fifty
thousand lights on this video not only
will i buy all of the season four skins
emotes and everything on my mum's credit
card but I'll use her credit card to buy
a new Xbox this is not a joke
guys if you're new here and you haven't
already go cop some of the brand new
four-night merch we've got the bush life
swag and also these don't eat sleep drop
rapini shirts and hoodie I used to eat
sleep drop and then repeat and then mum
threw away my xbox guys if you cop any
of the new merch you'll be automatically
entered into a competition where you can
be invited round to my house to spend
the entire day with me meet me meet more
meet Martin as well as that we can play
for know together if I actually manage
to get a new Xbox it's gonna be super
fun guys so if you haven't already got
you merch link is in the description
below or just go to
www.mooji.org for watching subscribe if
you're new leave a like on the video if
you want me to buy an xbox on mom's
credit card and as always I've involved
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video peace out
