you and I
you realize challenged us to make the
world's longest straw because I'm the
challenge King you're the challenge
Queen assistant challenge you're the
challenging assistant yes we went out
and we bought loads of straws as you see
we've got we're gonna making the world's
longest straw and also Martin top secret
come with me
mum you've got to stay here oh no I
don't like the thought oh no and guys
top secret don't tell mum but we also
have this which is like 1000 meters of
tube to use as a straw as well guys
we're gonna keep the world's longest
hi as you know early on in the week we
just chop this fire new fortnight
inspired man and if you don't know where
any one of you the cops this merch is
gonna be invited right here to our house
to play fortnight with us and spend the
day with us so far literally hundreds of
you have joined the murder squad and
caught this merch but you haven't
already missing out on the chance to
play with us so go down there and copy
right now from www.milktoothmusic.com
hashtag rip Monica oh my gosh why this
has you so like oh my god okay so we
managed to get the merch or mr.
mannequin I don't think mom was
undressing him I wasn't now let's just
getting ready to put on the new towel
anyway guys before we get started with
this video I have something absolutely
dope to tell you about it's the new up
head ball - and genuinely guys I believe
a line when I say this I play this up
all the time I do I play all the time I
do I'm just I'm actually pretty good at
it pretty good really should we get into
a game then maybe one of it be and I
guess let's go first goal wins
okay guys I'm on the ride it moves on
the Left first goal wins who's gonna go
for it
you gonna burn yeah oh no no no no no no
no no y-you know okay go wings
yeah let's go
okay so yeah guys the app is free to
play on the App Store and Google Play
and if you use code logs in the
description below you can get five
thousand free gold and you can one day
be as good as me I'm I guess you're
probably all be better than mom were you
doing
I take this game very seriously I enjoy
it and I don't like the fact that you're
saying I'm no good at it I'm good at it
I'm going you'll even guys go download
the game link in description but let's
get started with the video ok so as you
can see we're gonna start with these are
usually combine them all together so I
wanted to be
okay boys and girls here we can see you
have strong number one how would you say
the stories mum about ten fold down more
about 25 so guys it's time for
experiment number one will the 25-foot
straw work with a bottle of coke let's
buy now what I want you to do is comment
down below if you think straw number one
is going to work personally I think we
got this one in the bag okay so I'm
gonna put the straw in there like that
as you can see it's in the coat and then
Ally I'm gonna go all the way over to
the other side of the room guys as you
can see the store is ready it's
literally going through the entire room
and I am about to sulk are you ready 3 2
you gonna get any more than that it's
good it's going uphill thanks mom I
can't do any more taking off the end
you're all Parnell yeah oh gosh guys I
tell you what that is the most intense
sucking I've ever ever ever done nice
mom's turn mom on your marks get set go
come on mom and all we've got is always
coming from you're gonna keep going
these challenges are just too hard for
me keep going don't stop well Lots bit
more much bit cool oh my gosh
yo mom and she actually did it she
actually did it wait stop for a second
what's that
wha oh yeah right there it's the world's
longest straw I think you cheater
no it's the world's longest straw guys I
think straw number one goes down as guys
let's move on to straw number two so on
the first experiment it went down as an
L we took an Elmo but you know what
happens after you take it out you know
Arvin's when you take it out you come
back harder with a new type of straw
guys these are a lot thicker
there are put together and we also have
a lot more of them so this straw could
be 100 let's get started I'll hand them
to you and you do them why don't you do
some because I'm lazy be quicker okay
I'll do some oh yeah okay where does it
go we're just gonna keep putting these
straws together why would you guys do
again is comment down below if you think
straw number 2
okay guys 10 minutes later and a lot of
straws later we have literally got so
much joy we've got loads of different
like long straws that we need to put
them all together now how do we even do
this oh okay we're going to just do it
this is actually gonna be longer than
our living room this is literally gonna
be longer than our house guys if you
didn't realize that we were actually
being serious when we said the world's
longest straw this is gonna be longer
than our house
my little nice severely underestimated
now all this challenge will actually be
good my eyeballs are gonna pop out wait
mine come on come on a takedown come on
I'm gonna use my two guys as you can see
it's true number two literally went
through the entire living room all the
way around the table all the way over
the stove run all the way to Bruno
so challenge number one was let's be
honest a failure and challenge number
two was
outro what do you remember why went out
the room to say tomorrow at the start of
the video because mom just in case these
failed
I had another trick oh my sleep I'm
scared
close your eyes ok this is literally
1,000 meters long of tubing this isn't
even a straw
it's a flipping tube and we are gonna
test this moment do you think this is
gonna work no and you know what guy is
saying as we've already covered one room
with the straw we've covered a living
room with the straw with this we're
gonna try and cover the entire house
let's do this
guys are going to love you but we've
just created the craziest world's
largest straw household maze long thing
yeah we just got 1,000 meters of straw
and put it round our entire house and
made our very own straw house course
take a look so right here is where you
start guys as you can see right here in
the kitchen just on the slide like that
very simple very nice if you follow the
straw down here you firstly do a circle
round the entire island in the kitchen
and then we go forward into the living
room
following on into the living room you
get around the sofa round here like it's
a bloody maze and then you come out here
but wait then you go into the outside
yes our straw goes outside as well as
inside coming out here guys you go along
the deck and then past the door
you go all the way into the garden and
then it was this out of nowhere or the
flippin wall and then open or the wall
and then up the crossbar of the football
and then after this you go all the way
over there onto that fence over there
you go past the fence and then must look
will go and then you follow the straw
all the way back into the house as soon
as you return into the house you get a
loop-the-loop over the previous draws
and then round past that walnut all the
way over into the hallway you get around
and into the merge room where you can
take a look at the mannequin
wrap it in the new format Murch link in
description then you go round the table
and then straight back out of the merge
rooms and then when you thought it
couldn't get even more crazy you're
wrong once you come out of the match
room you then go up the flippin stairs
once you got the stairs the first room
you enter is mum's bedroom you go round
the door you go all the way round the
bed and then round this pillow and
straight back up then you enter the
beautiful bathroom you go round the
radiator and then you go around the sink
and you back out into the hallway then
you go around this cabinet and you're on
to the final room my bedroom when you
enter my bedroom the first thing you do
is come onto the desk and through the
PlayStation controller then you go over
here and I'm really not sure how that
happened but then you go over Keira
and then along the bed to the
through the entire house outside
upstairs that's the end right there guys
that is a course and a half right there
that took a lot of preparation so if you
haven't already smashed the light go
down there and do it basically what's
gonna happen right now is I'm about to
sort harder than I've never sucked
before let's go he's working
I need the coke keep stoking Morgan you
sailor comes out you die
okay I think much looser
oh my god I can't believe it it's
actually working it's going all the way
the wall this is crazy oh my god Morgan
must be absolutely exhausted the sorting
is actually going all the way over the
top of the gold I think he died
so we're in the mushroom now and this is
going so fast I can't believe it this is
crazy
the final bit guys so excited where the
bathroom bill is going through the straw
the longest role in the world and we're
nearly at the end of this Charlie Morgan
is a new beads away in his bedroom it's
looking away and look how fast the coke
is moving around this is phenomenal
I've never seen anything like this
do it challenge Mogens
I think I'm about to pass out go down
Marshall I because this has been
ridiculous guys I call my grad leaders
did those yes Oh Kira can you carry on
with a challenge this is ridiculous
so we've got Morgan's passed out on the
floor because it's been doing too much
puffing or blowing or whatever he's been
doing and carries just sat there with a
straw at the time second and now she's
got the coke there's been all around the
garden the house Morgan are you okay
have you come round
your back okay should we finish do you
think now I think so okay do you want
people to subscribe and do all those
things they do guys if you're new and
you haven't already I think I just gave
myself a concussion for this video so if
you haven't already subscribe go down
there and subscribe to the channel
comment down below what you want me to
make next
it's my shall like on the video go cop
some of the new fortnight birch because
the competition going on right now
why if you cop some you could win the
chance to come to our house and play for
nine hours
and maybe even make the world's longest
straw again no no no no guys go check
our head ball two out on ios and android
the link is in the description below
unused code molds for five thousand free
gold but guys thank y'all so much for
watching as always guys thanks so much
for watching
he's been molds i've been mom you've
been used
used and we'll see you in the next video
peace out
