hey guys Morgan and today we have
another pack opening now this is going
to be Abdullah season BBVA pack opening
it's actually out guys and it looks
fucking insane the team of the week on
the other hand looks at lutely dog shit
actually lives with the worst team of
the week those ever been in FIFA but we
don't need to talk about that because
there's only one reason we're here today
and that is to get those motherfucking
blues now we've only got 15 K pucks
which is a bit of a bummer but let's
just get straight into it with a nose
pack boom boom out boom
there we go guys first nose Park give me
a messy give me Ronaldo Tim Z's in
Griezmann looks pretty good as well and
now we get a slice well we got a player
from the league but it's fucking a
grater I skip back give us one good
three two one
skips Oh Oh fucking shit we go on oh yes
is more Mir are you fucking say it
we don't want yes already in the food
part guys you know all this calls for a
selfie perfect for Twitter guys oh my
god oh god oh no we got Pedro that's
such a troll oh dear hey Joe a Barcelona
player but not the one we are looking
for okay another pack now here we gonna
get please be good I'm not even back in
a while May it was ok but it's nothing
really that special please now another
part with no rapper you know that's so
Paul Willy odd seriously these parks
have been really bad not gonna lie we're
gonna do a nose to skin
oh my god homegirl hobby oh my god let's
get in we all better be all 15 another
one
the no skip part oh not that price range
either don't sell somehow looks insane
but I'm not even looking to sell him
anyways
get your ass into the frickin club or
into the team yes another team of the
season so good
get in oh my god face but when our fun
still gonna keep opening the pack please
coming facebook pack oh jesus that
facebook platform bad we're gonna do a
leave the room part guys Wow lives was
not the worst no look back leave the
room part you've ever seen in your life
I think it was that was so bad last pack
now guys the last pack we've got two
more two more seasons add the collection
make it free now you're gonna give me
super teach not what you want in your
son daughter so there we go guys two
more team of the seasons add to the
collection Mayer and Bella Robbie pretty
decent ones not the best but not too bad
either if you have enjoyed them please
smash alike can we get 35 lights that
would be incredible guys if you are new
they hit that subscribe button
I do new videos every two days um sorry
this video came out after three days and
I was supposed to be uploading this
tomorrow yesterday but you know there
was no packs was they so yeah okay well
thanks so much watching hit uh subscribe
on come get 35 lives leave a comment if
you have any questions or feedback you
would like to leave and I'll see you
guys later peace
