hey guys Martha and today we have a FIFA
15 Bundesliga pack opening for the team
of the season guys have you seen some of
those players look at fucking a bunny
and he just looks like Jesus so I'm just
going to quickly explain to you what
happened during this video pretty much I
forgot to record through QuickTime
Player through my webcam so pretty much
why you are going to be hearing is a
commentary over it and also the live
reactions which I recorded through my
Elgato so the audio call it won't be
great but I'm sorry guys I really am I'm
an idiot sometimes
anyway enjoy the pack opening so here's
the first pack and we skipped it and we
got pretty much no one it was quite a
poor first pack with absolutely no one
in it to make a long story short and
we're going to go in straight with
another one here what we're going to get
in this one guys is it going to be good
is it going to be bad we'll find out
shortly so it's opening here blue team's
season pipes 15k and we guys go in so
another poor pack really and yeah not
too good
the mark okay
I'll sink oh right age that's a profit
oh my god into them selves I don't care
okay one of my favorite may be League
players so as you can see from the
reaction guys how I'm pretty mental
hurricane is not bad poor guys but we're
going for those be fair there was
Bundesliga players and we managed to get
self a BPL player so once again I
apologize for the terrible audio but at
least we got the relied reactions right
hurricane that's not a bad start in the
fifth pack guys Wow
so after a covering from that Harry came
and literally clotheslining my chair I
got up and it was time to move on to the
next pack and yes you did hear me right
I literally clothesline my chair I
thought I broke it anyway Harry Kane who
we're gonna get now I was hoping for a
repeat and another blue straight after
it but now it's pretty unlikely right
and who are we gonna get we're not gonna
get ourselves Julis a so-so not too good
but don't complain yet guys look look
who we get straight after Julio says our
oh oh yes guys this is not a joke a pack
after hurricane we get now though guys
just we'll take a moment to look at
those freaking starts man 80 paise 94
defending and 89 heading you don't get
much better than that guys I'm not gonna
lie
so 88 rayon in the bank hurricane in the
bank I was over the moon to be honest
and think of the prop I made I literally
spent about 75 K and got back about 300
I was over the fucking moon guys and
then you're not gonna believe what
happened to Pikes after that guys and
yes we have a live reaction for it so
it's gonna be good
here you go it's in the season oh my god
oh my God we're all fucking silver I'm
gonna go back what the hell the points
actually continuing and then straight
after that I kind of went downhill a bit
although there was one more highlight
right at the end which I will show you
now
oh oh oh God oh shit you know that's a
good park so there we go guys the end of
the back opening now I'm going to
quickly expand to in bad detail wisely
happened a wire core record um pretty
much that I'd forgot to record on
QuickTime playing a long story short so
I'm sorry about that hopefully you
enjoyed at least got to see some live
reactions why I'm going to do is cuz I'm
opening all the pipes over tema season
on the same account I'm actually going
to make a plaque pool team and as you
can see this is what we got from about
250 K so I'm overall quite happy guys so
if you have enjoyed then please smash a
like on this video if we could get 40
likes I'll be honestly insane for my
first team the season pack opening if
you are new and hit subscribe for the
best quality gaming videos also quick
update on the 1000 subscribers special
thing and it looks like the two options
we are leaning towards our QA and intro
giveaway so I'll give you a further
update on that when it gets a bit closer
to the actual 1000 subs anyway thank you
so much for watching I'll see you guys
later peace
