yeah
you
you
yeah hello guys my name is Morgan and
welcome back so basically this is how
the base ended out what you just saw was
a speedrun of me building it and from
where I left off I've added this love
potion room see two chests I'm these
Bruins dance come round here Jesus like
a room and you get all these chests we
got mich miss - where's weapons and
tools - good items god I am sorry
weapons and tools arm up wood and stone
so this is kind of like half wall half
base because I am I will be making a
spawner because I am a donator I do have
a lot of homes so this is one of them
this is my home base and I really like I
think it's a pretty good vault and yeah
I just thought it'd be good I did I do a
little speed one like build of it and
showing you the end pull ups because you
know I can't always find raids and over
look this is this is it really I hope
you guys enjoyed and I will see you
later
