mum that is now 30,000 B books 260
pounds - did you find that letter to win
a lot of V books from mom no no no he's
not
yes I know no yes I am no no no you're
not
nice no and you're not guys you know the
Morgan is absolutely terrible at
fortnight in Lewis's every time it's
never out of way so I thought because
I've been practicing I'm actually
getting pretty good and I've told Morgan
that I'm gonna play for tonight and if I
lose I will give him
so yeah the guy's mom apparently for
some reason thinks she's so soft prone
and you either if she loses I get 10,000
people so obviously I'm down to play and
you know what mom let's just test you
really quick let's test that fortnight
brain of yours does that the speed
potion exist in faultline yes no it
doesn't know it doesn't know it doesn't
mold and it doesn't exist
what is moist amaya it's an infection
right okay guys I think it's clear now
but I'm gonna be hitting a lot of
e-books in this video no guy's choosy
we get into the videos you know we just
drop and guys birthday it is selling out
like crazy
battlin w guys squad and comp some of
this heat so many of you guys that these
t-shirts and hoodies are about to
flippin sellout you're about to take all
of them so number one if you haven't
already copped some of this heat this is
literally your last chance before it's
gone forever and number two selling one
of these let's go okay guys we're here
we're in the center room for night now
mom take it away
can I put my glasses on mom are you sure
this video is a good idea yeah do it
ten thousand people yes it's like 80
pounds so every time you lose you have
to give me 80 pounds I thought was seven
pound 99 it's telling us we can use
shield potions to increase the total
amount of damage we can take so I'm
gonna do that I'm going to get some
shield potions about to tell the towers
in touch well yeah I was gonna say to us
we're all the pros go and you're
obviously yeah so we're just gonna there
we go
hope you do that so why don't you had me
to tilt the Taliban I'm just going now
why aren't you looking where you going I
am no you're not because you're not
going that you're not Intel the towers
I'm going somewhere else I've changed my
mind people under your house yes right
we're going let's do this
I see gosh all right no it's okay it's
okay we're gonna go under the go I just
got ten thousands of e-books mom you
sure they want to keep going you don't
really look like you're the pro that you
say you are I just think this is a
different control yeah yeah yeah yeah
I'm playing I'm doing it mom I'm
confident just spectating someone else
oh that's me no that's someone that's
the guy that just killed you oh come on
go away okay
did you see that yeah that your dive to
a dive Nick is it wait would you remove
mom are you sure you're a poet yes I've
been practicing so why you still hold it
forward what so wish build me a head
into mom this one cool mommy can you
missed it that one are you getting Shaw
really move but nobody is in why are you
hitting just walk walk now yeah walk see
maybe you should try and get away yes so
go in the house it's behind you yeah no
turn no it's not Mario call back come on
it's open no you go look at it look at
the door
come on another one I'm doing this now
I'm doing good now look at me I'm going
all this again not me That's not me
I feel like I'm improving I'm being good
I feel like I'm passing good to get
gooder if I win this game well you'll
give me some V books back mom if you win
this game oh I will literally buy you a
house so what do you think mom do you
think this game is gonna be the game I
think this is the one I'm gonna win the
beatbox bag you're gonna get it all back
you're gonna give it me back on this
well if you win I'll give it you all but
one perhaps this has just been a ploy
all the way along perhaps I've been kid
in to get the money back so to build you
up so you've got money and then I'm
gonna take it back now right and it's
focus you don't wait for it you did it
mom now I'm just gonna run around and
find a weapon why don't you build a
fortress I just want to know I want to
go in that building
then just walk to her yeah I'm just on
the way so why I looking at this guy cuz
I like it right come on let's be serious
now this is the one this is the one yeah
this is the one
oh he's got someone there yeah what is
that just in case you still didn't even
have a weapon how did you expect to take
him out I need to put the wood down that
bill be big oh no but
it will sit with the sayings when I've
played it before is this really for now
is it just something DIF is it a cheaper
version of 4/9 craps is a weapon over
here oh gosh oh yeah your shirt I'm
gonna go for it I'm going for it oh my
god I think there's something in there
I do but you got it mom yeah I'm doing
it right hey why don't you practice
shoot shoot that big the big tree just
do what mom you wasting all your bullets
Jody get so many yes oh gosh I forgot
rock I'll show he gets so many bullets
that better not waste any more to feel
like I'm doing well Morgan you know
right
oh you're dead yeah so you know this may
be the game you know you have already
given me to win those back on the ground
shield no shoot get it go get it we get
it you're in the storm no seriously
times in it I'll get it
no pick it up get that Pete up feeling
I've run out the shots the storm you're
in the storm Joey just food yeah
Michelle take the shield drink it yeah
one one first number one how do I drink
it eggs
sing another scene oh that nope
you come back into the storm
why should I know I'm going just rotten
I'm just trying to sort out where I am
it is coffee oh here we go we're going
okay no go downstairs yeah we are you
head in the right way no mom I need to
turn round don't the storms come in Oh
God
Oh mum you're miles away what I in so
many seconds of I just got nothing just
keep going you can do it mum that is now
30,000 B books 268 pounds did you did
you plan that this was gonna happen
I thought the books were less than what
they were but boy you said you were a
bro you said you were a pro yeah but
I've not played up with one of these
like this woman not so what actually
have you been playing on a wii remote
but I do feel kind of odd so how about I
play a game now and if I win I get to
keep the V box but why lose you get them
back yeah because you always lose guys
two videos in water right now I am
fighting to keep my 30,000 ebooks if I
win this game I get to keep the Beebo
but if I lose this game they go straight
back to mama
whoa okay mama let me show you how a
real pro does it
oh gosh you somebody coming round sure
gonna let them in I mean me here we go
mom Oh
Oh building I don't care where I go all
I know is I'm gonna kill somebody and
get these V books gosh that's the
biggest flood I've ever seen moe just
walk well down the ceiling well that's
the biggest I've never seen it fly as
big as that before I don't even know
they could - are you trying to distract
me it seemed on that ya know he's tired
it's bad not true is another guy home ah
you're gonna die Morgan
that's what eliminated that's one dead
mom oh no oh no oh oh headshot joking oh
he's running for me this little towels
running away from me what a coward mom
here on
where is he how did you run away I don't
know where is he run away from me how'd
you know you're not just gonna run into
him around the corner he's running for
me cuz I almost killed him
there you go yes gentlemen you normally
lose someone that I can see someone in
that building all good Sam
yeah oh my god there is I've got a load
of got reloads
Oh
there you go
oh my gosh I'm getting a LPG phone again
blow it off I see him I see him I said I
said you miss you miss you traveling
mirror yes you trying to blow me up come
on
whoa come on you're going from mom ah
this is what I call rushing someone mom
shell mushing them I'm brushing mom's
late I'm not sure my girl emanates it
where's he gone
did he where do you run I did see twice
everybody run it for me bro I actually
did that seriously did Maldon I saw I
did I'm sure some people I even try to
give me a little bit help I mean you
just did listen I saw was he feel like
Morgan what does it feel like to be in
this position where you've lost again
and you've got to give you mom a VBox
back can you leave the room for a sec no
why because I'm gonna buy them anyway
what way not my money forgetting
something your credit card is still on
her give it me no I just got 30,000 Li
books
for every game you lost I got 10,000
yards and I may have lost but I'm still
gonna claim my v box
you should have done nah know what
Morgan I'm very disappointed in you I'm
gonna get you back for that you'll do a
big prank now guys I wasn't planning on
doing that but at the end of the day a
deal is a deal and mom said to me guys
mum said to me if she died I got 10,000
V books so I don't care guys
there we go 30,000 V books on mom's
credit card
guys if he knew her go down there smash
that subscribe bone and remember if you
leave a like on the video and subscribe
right now you'll be entered into a
giveaway for one of the new Premier Li
hoodies but guys they are selling out
super fast and they are almost gone
forever so if you haven't already picked
one off this is literally your last
chance before they are gone forever
thank you so much and as always I've
amoled you guys been awesome and I'll
see you in my next video peace
