you guys is morgues and today you are in
for a very loud video this video lately
has one aim and it is for me to be as
loud and annoying as I possibly can and
the thing is guys I'm loud and annoying
without even trying to be so when I
actually try and be loud and annoying
you know it's gonna get bad now the time
is currently free a.m. in the morning
everybody in the house is fast asleep
except for me and Cara and louder she
know there she's about to get pranked
I'm gonna get into a game of fortnight
and basically try and be as loud as I
possibly can so that she wakes up and
gets hella angry of me and something
tells me guys this prank isn't gonna be
very hard but just all the guys my ps4
and Xbox one giveaway is still open if
you guys want to win a ps4 and Xbox and
also 25,000 V books volume up did you
guys is smash that subscribe button
smash that like button and you will be
automatically entered into the giveaway
and one last thing if you want extra
entries into the giveaway there's also a
link down below in the description where
you can get even more chance of winning
without the way guys
let's get started with this prank okay
guys so we're in the bulbous right now
and I decided scene as we've got to try
and be as loud annoying as possible why
not bring along the most annoying person
I know my annoying girlfriend Cara I'm
sorry I know you guys will I manage
Hilton right now and I guess what
yeah okay oh yeah I always like this mom
I don't know what I don't know what's
happening with you but we are not
screaming okay you know what mom we
maybe been a little bit loud but we'll
be quieter for you okay okay sorry I
love you so much mom have a great
night's sleep
what should play another game we should
yeah oh okay boys and girls game number
two right now I am gonna go to shifty
shafts because literally in the past
like two videos I've got like six kills
there five kills they're shifty shafts
has been my home recently so i'ma go
back and see if I can take it over again
whoa shifty shots aphasia is that shield
it is indeed
we don't forgot no we know - we need oh
just just just just grenade launcher
carry carefully grenade launcher
carriage things anyone here
no I think we're a long way yeah cuz
they don't care uh yeah Wow
yeah kara for the last time that's me
you know what it's good that we have
quieted down a bit we do need to respect
mom you know she's she's a hard-working
woman she deserves a rest yeah yeah it's
really good I think that we've really
quieten down yeah we really got a lot
quieter what wha come here mom edema
it's a bit louder guys well you heard
the woman she just she does not want she
does not want any more noise or she is
coming in
oh gosh operates a dude okay I got a
decent head up
what are you
why laughs did he go with our
distraction did he give me his port for
free
I didn't see him until I was saying what
do we do no I didn't kill ya you really
want to go yeah guys comment down below
right now if Karen should play what'd
you think yeah did you comment guys they
commented yes did they comment yes yeah
you can only have one game if you keep
it quiet okay because mommy's okay guys
here we are run the battle bus however
this time it isn't monsters playing it's
Kara now I haven't got a kill yet so I
don't feel like I'm in the position to
call someone else bad for Cara you're
not the best Arya anyway guys seeing
eyes you know Kara isn't the best I'm
obviously a pro I'm gonna take this upon
myself and managing you okay I'm gonna
tell you the ins and I'll on what you
need to do understands doesn't she right
she understands right
doing are you stupid
why are you doing this what you mean
screaming you're distracting the poor
girl
give us some damn respect I'll tell you
something now should have been stupid I
am trying to sleep boy hours we have
been trying to be quiet but format isn't
just a game some nice landline it's a
way of life and see listen now
all open if we break our last chance
what will happen you will find out if
you break it do not break your last
chance
well he gave all we get some three four
nights skins who get some VBox you'll
carry on you I want you both out of here
tonight
you're not staying I mean it this - say
it
do not say it Kira guys you know what
before this prank I said this isn't
gonna be literally we're annoying okay
anyway come on come on Kara no pressure
come on come on here we go ready get
ready to engage my bats all that down
Kara please yeah watch out watch out
watch out watch out watch out watch out
which I don't care watch out you've got
this babe you've got this come on Kari
you can do this come on get the minigun
away you can't a minigun someone at
close range Kara Kara I'm your manager
what the hell was the point of that then
why are you shootin okay guys we're
getting into the final game right now
we literally have not got to kill you
I've had two games you've had one we
just died we just keep dying I mean this
is not been the best so far so guys I'm
gonna go till two towers see if I can
get over here we go here we go here we
go but I want to know really quickly
from you guys comment down below what is
the most amount of kills you've ever
gotten your entire life mine is I think
seven and so far I haven't got one yes -
what - yeah
oh for God's sake Cara okay Cara I'm
gonna go to the big building or should I
go yeah it's that blue pump oh my god so
blue pumpkin I got it I got it I got it
no no that was a sneak okay okay we got
a weapon here let's go there we go
don't ever cut me out I'm so scared
right now we got to kill so far sure
we'll just keep going up this bill
now you're finished this one didn't this
dead what it just heard off guys she
literally just broke the glass she has
absolutely gone mental where were we let
me see what she's doing
condi hey hey don't touch Kara be
careful be careful hey I'm sorry I'm
sorry I'm sorry mom it was an accident
hey mom mom this is all big hey this is
all a big misunderstanding
hey mom please I'm sorry look this is
all a big misunderstanding
no no no that oh my gosh I'm not the
merits mom look look guys I'm not sure
what just happened but one thing I'm
sure of is mom is very very angry of me
the time is literally 4:00 in the
morning right now and honestly I did not
think this video was gonna end up like
this however mom just flipped him lost
it she lost it she was throwing the
merge she smashed a glass which then I
accidentally dropped and smashed even
more this video has been otter carnage
guys if you're
and they're not already subscribed this
hey hey calm down calm down calm down
last you nicely I phoned you I'll text
you have a stubby
I've been fair and then you've basically
just have to keep going and going and
going until somebody gets upset that
they completely lose their temper don't
you because it's four o'clock in the
morning whoa whoa whoa whoa hey what do
you mean what do you what do you mean
you mean a crime mom I know that oh gosh
kidding Wow guys you just heard it from
her I've gotta watch my back because I
think she's gonna want some revenge and
I've got a feeling it's gonna be in the
form of a prank guys subscribe if you if
you know already about team orbs we all
kill another member we're on the road to
4 million subscribers and I need all of
your guy's help to get there
thank you so much for watching the video
and as always I promote you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out
