welcome to today's adventure and when I
say today's adventure literally mean
today's adventure because finally we're
going to be a testing another crazy
fortnight challenge for right now in
Meadowhall
not today is Saturday the maze day I
would
yeah guys I was expecting like a couple
hundred of you guys internal literally
there was thousands of you all in one
day there was so many of you that we had
to change the location because you were
crowding the shopping center
Oh
let's go okay guys we flippin took it
over
I meant thousands of you guys bro you
were already in the merge it was insane
but right now I think the perfect way to
cool down and just calm down a little
bit would be to hop into a game of
fortnight I've played it like so let's
see if I still got okay boys and girls
win the game right now I think what I'm
gonna do is hit off shifty mother
flipping shafts because last time you
went shifty shafts I got like six kills
in the one kill one dare video so I'm
just gonna hit up shifty again and just
see if we can get something similar
I got a bandage I'm gonna get some ammo
okay wait is there a chest in here yes
there we go okay there's going come on
groans okay okay bully our shield up
real quick I'm a gas shield on let's do
let's do another okay we've got to get
these guys now we've got fifty shield on
them okay first we got hit for 30 oh my
god limited and they killed the other
guys wow
okay when we pop that 25 shields oh
we're off to a fight stove a ladies and
gentlemen and we've got a pub shotgun
which is my oh wait there's someone bad
okay we need to calm it down you know
I'm going to I'm gonna back off and I'm
gonna try and get around them or is it
girls this is going pretty well so far
two kills okay oh I just got two double
kills out of nowhere we killed one guy
and then the other guy and then we
killed someone else and then got a nasty
edge on the other guy who I'm guessing
the flip out of there boys and girls
oh my gosh I got a sniper I hate minigun
so they're not very good everybody
comment down below if you use the
minigun personally I think the minigun
is really really bad they take out a
good base okay I'm pretty sure guys that
is everybody in shifty shafts taken out
I'm gonna go on the run I'm gonna medkit
it's only 25 health but I've only got 75
overall so you know what I'm a doer
the house is outside the house down
there
go in the other room do the bedrooms a
suicide what happened tell me what's
going on I don't believe you
yeah there's no way I can ov isn't a
prank who is doing it there's somebody
out there who is it it well obviously
Martley minds at work
no just me no one else we do as a parent
she does much she's fucking you you
serious please look good I'm serious
listen the security cameras filming the
cameras following their own there are no
recording yeah it's recording yeah yeah
so where did your coming from down there
I'm not side of the house if you're
pranking me tell me now okay geez you've
had your reaction no mum stop stop stop
just tell me if Gibby's so he be Syria
would you say they were just up in the
clouds
it might a scary time like from
Halloween
I don't know if it's still a prank or
not mum was crying and everything so I
don't think it's a prank but I don't
have to watch about the footage and see
if it's genuine or not because usually
if mom's pranking me she has Martinez
like the guy and obviously Martin isn't
here right now it's just me Mom care in
the house so we know it's not mom we
know it's not Kiera obviously not me so
I guess let's just watch this guy's I
didn't expect any of this to happen I
just thought it's just gonna be a
fortnight
okay guys so it's been about an hour
since that went down now all the short I
was gonna put this in the vlog but I've
seen as I'm vlogging and this is
something which I feel like maybe you
guys could help us on I'm gonna tell you
guys what went down so we've just
watched back the security footage
firstly if we take a look at that you
can see that the the clown I guess came
in through the side of the house we
don't have a gate there but obviously
climbed over it yeah came around
obviously banging on the door I was just
changing channel and then I and then
have suddenly just saw saw so yeah and
then she came up I was obviously doing
my video was it happy I thought was a
prank obviously we've seen the footage
now
now obviously we've done the pop-up shop
today so I guess the first suspect is
could it be one of you guys could it be
a subscriber who is possibly followed us
home till then again right if we analyse
the person here's a photo there were
almost at all of the entire door so it
could move around we don't know
now obviously the person had their hood
up a mask on full-body out for the main
suspects in my opinion oh it can't be
Kira it can't be me it can't be mom I
think the main suspect I'm afraid is
ball Martin it's at work
yeah but we have to whom else could it
possibly be you have to put the blame on
someone because not here
absolutely 1% not I know it's not it
look big person look big
I don't think that's enough to ride
Martin off completely cell suspect
number two it's bored Martin suspect
number three is is just a stranger and
the killer clowns are back and they're
just looking for a bit of fun just
trying to tease those winders or I don't
know I think that's a scare it's one of
everything and then I think suspect
number four has to be has to be done
well but I feel like if it was dusk he
would have obviously filmed it and he
would have I don't know like hey that
doesn't have a channel so maybe it's
just not wanting attention wants what
we're giving him right now just to be in
the video I don't know but no we've seen
that all day today and he's been fine so
I don't think it can be done either so
who take a look at the facts which we've
got from the security footage number one
it's always very tall they didn't have a
weapon I don't think so and they didn't
enter the house was doing something like
that you think they were doing on the
footage that did something like I don't
know the house is doing it guys anyway
this is why you come in tell us in the
comment section right now who do you
think it could be I feel like you guys
could possibly help us if there's any
clues in the footage on here it could be
it could we really do need to sit down
and further analyze the footage to see
if there's anything which match up yeah
with who it could be but guys you know
there's millions of you maybe you guys
see something that we didn't but anyway
thank you for watching this video thank
you all so much for coming to the meter
and copying the free it's a weird time
for a plug yeah me mommy Cara I just
really really shots and obviously Cara
was in the room with me so we know isn't
hurry the book guys thank you for
watching please subscribe if you're new
join the movement going caught some of
this merch link in the description if
you have any other clues tweet me on my
social media all that will be in the
link in the description and you
we'll see you guys we'll see you guys
later
