yo guys it's mugs and today I'm gonna be
mailing myself to tilted towers now I
know all you guys are thinking how can
you mail yourself inside a game however
what you don't know is that tilted toes
is actually a real-life place because
obviously I'm the old enough to drive
there I'm just gonna mail myself there
and if you still don't believe me watch
till the end because it's going down now
guys if you are new here and you haven't
already subscribed go down there and hit
it with me right in the face and also
guys if we smash 50,000 likes on this
video then I'll tell you guys how you
can get to filter towels obviously we're
traveling the world oh this takes a lot
of preparation so right now I think we
need to go get a box let's go five
minutes later okay I'm gonna need a
shield potion after that okay so you
know the only way you can get to tilter
Towers is through the sky and then you
literally drop to now I don't have a
parachute so I'm literally just going to
be falling in the fog so we need to make
this very well protected as you can see
we're adding loads and loads and loads
of layers of fragile tape all over the
box we need to fortify this thing we
need to make this into a literal box
falls so I am just gonna keep adding
more and more of this tape we're gonna
get some cushions and a bubble wrap
we're gonna make this like my own home
and then once you've got supplies we'll
be ready to get off to till to town okay
guys the box is done obviously we've
added a little bit decoration as you can
see the Fortnight module and then under
it we've got please that drop into
tilted towers so there we go
what could possibly go wrong so guys the
transportation device is done but you
guys are probably saying mugs how are
you going to survive if you're gonna be
in the air if you're gonna be in the
post office
you kind of need things to keep you okay
now here's the thing boys and girls this
isn't any ordinary mailing myself
challenge if we're going to be going
into the fort night world then the rules
are different we're gonna need some real
life fortnight items boys and girls I
present to you all my items in real life
guys I told you we're prepared I am
covered if anything goes wrong if I take
any damage I've got the bandages to keep
me alive but then obviously if you play
for that your no shield is important so
not only has your boy got too many
shields but I've also got the big shield
and if you play for tonight I'm sure you
know what happens when you get two mini
shield and one big shield put your
shield Beibei and then the final thing
we need if we're going to be dropping
into tilted towers you know what that
means there's going to be a lot of
people there
so I've came prepared with a wet and you
may be saying Morgan this just looks
like a normal toy gone however that's
where you're wrong
don't underestimate this thing boys and
girls stop boys and girls we've compared
the box we prepared the items now
there's only one thing left to do and
that's get going on our adventure to
Tulsa towers
what's gonna happen if you get stuck in
tilted towers we've got the pop-up shop
at Meadow Hall and it's not brand new
studying Sunday this week well if you're
not back what are we gonna do what about
everybody that's coming to meet you know
how do we know he's gonna be back in
time
oh gosh I've got my weapon I've got my
shield I've got my bandages I'll survive
till the towers and I'll be back for the
Meetup you can believe me
okay morganator I believe you and I
believe in you I got this guy's looks
like this is it I'm gonna head up to the
post office right now but if you don't
know what I'm always just talking about
this Friday Saturday and Sunday me more
Martin and Cara are opening a pop-up
shop in Meadowhall Sheffield and I'm
pretty sure like all of you guys are
coming put in saqqaq the merch but if
you're not already coming guys here's
the details guys on your screen I want
to see all of team boards there but
right now it's time for me to begin my
journey into Tulsa towers so you know
don't die try and get at least one kill
you know maybe what you really feel we
should all go go I mean he's kind of a
noob like he's bad at fort my even when
it's not real well I'm a bit worried
Keira Bert I guess at least it gets him
out of our way for a few days
true but you've also going to die I
don't know don't say that Morgan won't
let everybody down he looks at ellipsis
subscribers too much Morgan will be back
I know we will I know you will five
minutes later okay guys so basically
this is it
I'm in the box right now as you can tell
I've switched over to my little camera
I've got loads of extra batteries I've
got all my shield potions I've got my
weapon I've even got some actual water
you know I will probably need that at
some point so yeah right now I'm in the
post office it's nighttime right now
which means I'm pretty sure I'll have to
stay the night in the post office before
I actually get shipped off to till
the towers tomorrow if you look over
here there is a little hole right here
which is basically my peep hole as you
can see right now it's pitch black in
there so one and a room which I assume
no one else is in so yeah guys the time
is currently 8:45 right now I'm gonna
get some sleep so I can be wide awake in
the morning but when I get shipped off
and I'll come back to you guys then guys
the time is currently 608 in the morning
right now I just had a really really
long sleep and basically I am starting
to get a little bit firstiy and also I
feel like I need bags for boost of
energy so I think what I'm gonna do is
drink my first mini shield oh my gosh
Wow nice so good guys it's actually
really good you know what in the games
I've always wondered all the shields
hopefully nice well they're really good
Oh oh wow boys and girls I feel really
good right now I always wondered to
myself what the shield potions actually
be nice in real life and yeah they're
really really good guys I'll let you
know when I'm out for shipping
I think Oh guys oh my gosh
unfortunately I've just checked the time
and it's actually being over like 15
hours since I last went to the toilet
and I've been trying to hold it in but
unfortunately guys III can't I can't
hold it anymore I'm sorry
but it's gonna come out some way or
another so I guess I'm just gonna have
to just gonna have to let it let it go
now guys I did bring a bottle with me I
did plan ahead this has got water in it
though so maybe I should drink some of
the water before I winged winner yeah
let's do that
three two one guys we've had a bit of a
malfunction oh no you do not want to see
this the Box moved as I was doing the
business and let's just say that the
bottle fell over we're now on the 26
hour inside the box I just had a really
really long nap I woke up if you listen
really really closely
I think I can hear a plane and I don't
think about the airport guys I think we
are currently in a plane on the way to
South two towers now I did get mom to
forget me first-class shipping on the
box so I'm hoping nothing's gonna go
wrong I woke up a few times during my
nap and it was just really really bumpy
and loud and I just tried to just ignore
it but I thought I don't blame you guys
I'm pretty sure on the plane right now
and guys obviously I said I'd revealed
the address of Atilla Tower if we get
50,000 rights on this video it's quite a
while from the UK so I think we've got a
little bit of time before we have to
drop into till the terrace I think I
need my other small shield potion I'm
getting really really nervous okay guys
let's just yeah oh no oh gosh oh no oh
no guys how much is left how much is how
much is left
look at this guy's all over the box guys
I'm gonna try to get back to sleep
welcome back Julia oh gosh
so I just had a nap but basically guys
if my calculations are correct we
shouldn't be arriving in two till two
towers in about one hour oh my god you
guys which we felt like an eternity I
got this so much I think we should drink
the fifty shield oh my gosh yo this guy
this is one big shield guys look at the
size of this thing right here oh my god
guys that taste so good I'm gonna drink
the rest of this and now come bite you
guys one for dropping it tilted okay
boys and girls I've got my weapon I've
got some bandages ready I think this is
it I think we're about to jump into
direct our
I'm gonna party smile like on the video
subscribe if you're new I knew I could
do it guys let's go there and see if we
can get a kill oh my gosh I actually
Thomas
it is time to get some kills
okay guys so if you can already tell
this was a skit I mean I think it's
pretty obvious I didn't actually go to
til the towers I didn't actually get
dropped out of a plane but guys I've
heard that tell us it's actually based
off of a real-life place in Poland so if
you actually want me to get in plane for
hours over to Poland and visit the real
life of the towers they give us much
like on the video and subscribe so you
don't miss that video when it's out guys
also I cannot wait to meet absolutely
all of you stole some metal home the
biggest shopping center in Sheffield the
shop is gonna be as you enter the Oasis
people and I cannot wait to see all of
you guys there leave a like subscribe if
you're new and also enter my porn I give
away the link to that is also in the
description below thank you for watching
alcohol's you guys did awesome and I'll
see you in my next video peace
