there's one more video I want to show
Cara which is
a few moments later three million or not
you will still get told off if you spill
a drink close the fridge and back to my
breath' million special now I was
thinking what should I do for my free
Milly special but then it came to me why
don't I just combine everything on the
channel and put it all into one video
hence the prank and you should all
definitely watch all the way to the end
of this video because that is gonna be a
lot going down is now I can't even see
on my glasses let me put cream all over
them no Morgan
it's humiliating my head
if you moments later no guys obviously
we've kicked off the video with a little
bit of pride mommies are not too happy
are yeah no I know it's before we go any
further I have some amazing
announcements oh my god Morgan are you
leaving home no the new free Millie
merch we've been doing meetups we've
been literally changing the world but
this next announcement guys I don't
think you're even gonna believe me when
I say this this announcement is
literally unbelievable obviously you
guys know I'm from Sheffield I live here
I've lived here all my life and I'm sure
most of you guys will know the shopping
center meadow home I've been there and
loads of my videos I love that I've been
going now like all my life I am
literally proud to announce that this
wee Friday Saturday and Sunday
mugs merch is opening a pop-up shop
inside Oh me yeah I do cuz I was with
you when we saw to the owl oh I mean no
I can't believe it Meadowhall is
literally the six biggest shopping
center in the entire UK moulds merch is
taking over and this is just the start
boys you girl I'm gonna be there mom's
gonna be there
Cara's gonna be there even bull Martin's
gonna be there and not only are we that
we want to see all of you guys there so
come along guys I decided Sunday it is
literally gonna be mental yo bro
are you gonna be there and also guys if
you don't believe me that this is gonna
be epic check out the views you can say
that I'm lying but I just need you to
click good business I know you wanna
come see this I make it very intriguing
when I start my videos like you won't
believe this aim you'll never guess who
else is gonna be there
Oh mr. president Karis mace mugs mom oh
my god how'd you do
kara it's me I'm not Donald Trump the
bullying mate we can't set on the like
Donald Trump afternoon mr. president how
are you today
mr. Martin I am NOT Donald trum you are
all mr. president you look a bit full
name okay okay you found me out I am
Donald Trump just because I likes to a
little bit video in my spare time I'm
not hurting anybody
I'm sorry mr. president Jill just have a
good day
excuse me mr. president would you like
some merch it's very hot yes this merch
this goodbye even President Donald Trump
is in the merged Ward if you haven't
already guys goodies because if you do
Donald Trump will come to your house aka
big Jill Hudson okay this special has
been pretty crazy we've had a bright
we've had some crazy announcements it's
been crazy but now I think it's time for
the main reason you guys are here
because it wouldn't be a special video
without a big humiliation for me and
obviously if there's gonna be a
humiliation for morgg's I think the
perfect person to bring along to help
humiliate morgg's is his beautiful
girlfriend Kara Bridget's
so guys I'm gonna basically react to
some of my cringy as old videos
including the first time I hit loads of
milestones like 1000 subs 500 subs and
even the creamiest one of them all
when I hear 100 subs and the reaction
was a little bit embarrassing no I'm
lying it was very embarrassing
and then finally guys right at the end
of the video I'm gonna show you my
actual live reactions hitting 3 million
subs and again I got pranked by Kara mom
and Martin so what's right till the end
guys okay here we are this is my
official 100 subscriber special and
we're gonna write you right now in my
free million subscriber special 104 is
closer to 200 than 100 we're getting
like a subscriber every day I wish I had
a hundred subscribers guys yeah when I
say that everybody little eyes in
comments basically those just me my mom
my dad and then a few of my friends in
school
I'll thanks meetings like the ones
subscribe I had that actually wasn't
someone who knew me recently we just
from a different planet you just kind of
look like an acorn if it had a face an
acorn yeah an acorn if it had a face
everybody call it down below mugs
looks like with a face because you want
the reason why I do this YouTube channel
the only reason why and you know I do
YouTube so any feedback any comments any
suggestions leave it all in the comments
below please like subscribe my new I've
been doing and thank you all so much for
watching you know what guys all my own
desserts are special I got 18 likes
let's see how many likes we can get on
the three million special care what you
think no yeah
well Jim more likes on my 100 subscriber
special than my 3 million subscribers
special like this video of why's your
friend old fat more standing in your bed
at midnight tonight doing this face
there's one more video I want to show
Kara which is worse than all the rest
okay let's turn it off I can't take any
more away that was a video from a few
days ago oh okay okay okay okay okay
now this special has got prank
celebrities is the announcement is even
though humiliation for morgues but what
it needs right now is the live reaction
to me hitting I just had a wee in the
shower
what I'm not sure that was guys we're
gonna go back to a few days ago and I'm
gonna show you my live reaction to
everything free then subscribers let's
go okay boys and girls right now as you
can see we are literally only like under
100 subscribers away from millions I've
got the entire squad with me this is
literally the most underwhelming at most
ever anyway guys basically we all have
policy poppers yes now we couldn't
afford a big like confetti cannon we
just have a party popper II just I'm not
really sure I I thought this is just
gonna be a little bit Bobby get a bit
more like Jamaa yeah
because we want to wind them down they
were doing these instead
guys I'm not really sure this happened I
think I just got by anyway guys
regardless of me having little egg on my
face this is the ideal time and way to
do it motivational Thank You speech but
oh wow guys I want to say a humungous my
my jig and fat guy a gigantic thank you
all so much for all the support like a
few months ago I didn't know if we was
gonna be able to get to this milestone
and over the past few weeks it's just we
go insane so many new members of team
wars have been coming over and
subscribing and it genuinely means so
much to me I just want to say a massive
thank you to all of you I really really
appreciate it you guys know ever since
I've been young this has been my dream
and never once did I even think I'd get
to like 1000 subscribers and somehow
with SIA on three million and honestly
guys I'm so grateful thank you all so
much I really really do appreciate it
anyway guys I've been mugs you guys have
of course been awesome and if you're
watching till the end guys comment down
below free Millie squad and I'm gonna go
through and haul everybody's comments
the comments that down below thank you
also for watching video and as always
I've involved you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace oh
gosh the cameras too far away oh yeah I
just need your attention everybody look
this way
I'm gonna put an old switcheroo you know
that I'm talking about clickbait
clickbait you know that it really ain't
nothing new
I'm gonna put a dope image on the video
to raise up the views you can say that
I'm lying you can say that I'm tripping
but I just need you to click it I call
the good business
