okay another four nine banger today
we're doing one kill equals one day but
we're taking it to a whole new level
because I'm coming at you with some of
the craziest death on all of YouTube so
yeah I literally cannot tie over here no
guys I'm super excited to get started
but just before we do that I've got an
exciting announcement now boys and girls
you know that whenever I enter the merch
room there is some lette news coming no
sure you guys know we just hit 3 million
subscribers on the channel and loads you
were say more bring out some free Millie
merch but obviously we've all been on
the road to free Millie for so long now
so I knew if I made this merch it would
have to be epic and now I present to you
the free Millie merch this is more than
just a piece of merch to me this merch
represents the journey that we've all
been on together for so long all the way
to free Millie
have you been so poorly on the road to
free Millie's and this is literally the
perfect match for you and obviously guys
it's super-exclusive for the free Millie
squad if you wanna join and you guys
know what to do by now go to
www.montgomeryvillenissan.com
a lot on the line here so I'm gonna have
to play strategically and I think the
best place I can go is shifty shafts and
no that's not because no one usually
goes there hashtag malls exposed yo you
best believe I see that gold suppressed
pistol I am definitely getting that and
I'm going straight on the kill boys and
girls we need to start this with a bang
oh there we go
time to roll the birthday now obviously
we are in Primark I think we should
maybe try and help their sales they got
some cool clothes but obviously down got
anything was cool us the new free Millie
Mitch so you know what I'm gonna taste
upon myself and help them out
don't most of town okay we're back boys
and girls as you can see we've switched
over to the green time that's the
controversial decisions but I don't care
oh sorry oh he doesn't see me oh it was
slow oh there we go buddy see girls want
to start to killed already
time for the second down
pounds record said no same bowls is the
best pranker no
it's very messy now so we're going out
no boys and girls we are on a roll right
now as you can see two girls already in
the first minute right now we got some
bandages we've got a hundred now but
just one shooting at me behind this is
what you call the sneak attack warning
girls I'm just gonna ambush him round
the back
oh I mean I would ambush him if I could
find him you know what
there must be someone down here guys I'm
going on the hunt for my next victim
over here gunshots you're the two people
fighting I'm going to see if I can pick
up the phone okay Oh Oh baby
there we go Wow okay now unless your
potion I'm gonna come and read old guys
I made your channel and you call
yourself a queen every what what you're
doing singing that terrible song you get
away
you can't call I'm doing the videos
she's just salty twenty five thousand
likes and I'll make the second verse
don't we're back guys I'm just looping
these guys stop right now
who's it to much I needed by I'm gonna
take that scope they are just in case we
have a pump we have a tap we're in a
pretty good position right now guys
pretty girls already I think I've killed
everybody in shifty shop but I'm gonna
keep my eyes open because there's a lot
of people lined in here so no no no miss
miss no no no no no no no what I didn't
want my doing Gio this doesn't new why
is he buddy for me yo he just always
okay yo that guy with the stair is new
but that right there is the for kill bro
lationship goals shoelaces should go
okay we're back now guys I cannot
believe how fast paced this game has
gone there's already been four dad's
right now but for me I've only been
playing this game play for a few minutes
in this chest we got met you I'm gonna
replace that with the bandages actually
I'm gonna replace the pistol with those
but I don't think I'll need the pistol
I've got the tactical for my
faster-paced weapon
now you're probably saves me more why
are you rolling out with any machine
gunnery apart from the scope they are to
be honest guys I really soak with like a
arse and still I'm just better with
shotguns
okay guys what I'm gonna do right now is
head into the store my head for the
store because looks like I'm actually
the last one alive in in in shifty
shafts so I'm pretty proud of that
I just took over shifty chefs I made it
my home I don't think I
okay
yo I think that guy was level now not
right that pill guys and that right that
the fifth kill role the fifth dad I can
have a large popcorn chicken meal with a
yo-yo crusher can have a large popcorn
chicken meal with an Oreo cushion do you
like popcorn chicken do you do anything
that's like popcorn chicken could you
cut them up into like small pieces so
they like popcorn chicken
that's perfect we'll do that fine come
out a 6-inch with chicken teriyaki on
kind of a six-inch on wheat bread with
chicken teriyaki lettuce and onion wait
can you remind me which restaurant this
is again thank you okay we're back guys
if you remember like kill it was just
straight up one pump with the shotgun
knocked him clean out guys I think he
was low no I don't care bro I wasn't low
on health and I got the first shot so
bro you're gonna have to eat this l
anyway right now we're back on the hunt
there's 24 people left I can't be the
boy who got 5 kills this is in such a
quick game there's been one of my actual
best games ever already I think my best
kills in one game is 7 so we're actually
doing pretty well hey we may even break
my kill record which is unbelievable and
to everybody saying moles how we only
got seven girls in one game I'm not that
good ok give me a break okay here good
choice oh come on sneak a no I'm not
engage come on I got this guy I got this
guy I got this guy oh my god no this
guy's on like one ah
these guys are like what hell thought
eyes building well he's building well
he's building well trying to get
you put a truck down why the hell they
put a truck down
oh oh shut up
guys we gotta shut up that's the safe
kill hold on I'm getting the shield roll
the six down boys and girls were
gathered here today for the death of
some of the highest perch on YouTube
oh it's much I thought person died no
it's the death of the hard mode on
YouTube now guys were gathered here
today to say thank you to celebrate the
legacy of Malta merch and to say goodbye
but first we must add the flowers Oh No
we must burn the merch care could you
please walk away from this I don't you
try to see it
no timro cares be able to serve only to
see this
emotional times at the funeral of
carrots merch I could have burned more
much it's literally the hottest motor on
YouTube it's already on fire oh my god
she's running to the merge who care and
get out of the merch room
kara hey Tara why don't come out hey get
off that Murch
it's already hot it's already hot it
doesn't need any more fire well I guess
Kara just couldn't accept that man knows
better than her stand off with another
face
I've just popped 50 shields obviously
that Idol or shield I'm gonna build
myself a little base because I may as
well go in with the scope they are it's
probably the best thing I've got her yo
this guy's just stay around here the
good spawn me why the hell did he dad
23:23 ah I'm Jason I think he's gonna
know I'm coming because of the storm
hold on nope
oh my gosh I got like 100 on that guy
that was so close wait wait wait wait
wait does that mean I have to do the
domain dad oh my gosh
I can't believe it guys oh well you all
know what that means that means right
now it's time for the moment you've all
been waiting for
the worst day out of all of them roll
the clip
but just before the day guys I interrupt
you with this
pourtant message and you don't know any
my giveaway of an Xbox one ps4 which is
down there on the floor and also 25,000
B box is still open for you guys to
enter all you have to do to enter is go
to the link in the description below I
don't want to leave a like on this video
right now and you could win some of
these amazing prizes and yes
this is a Minecraft Xbox it's literally
a dirt ball like who wouldn't want that
baby like the video subscribe if you're
new click the link in the description
but right now I think it's not being
around the bush and getting to the main
down no guys this is the moment that I
didn't want to happen this is the moment
that I'm dreading this is the funnel and
there is I have to
look Martin's bald had a not only back
by after we've got Martin three stop
bald head as you can see here we have
some water oh Jesus this is like this is
like going around hard piece of toast
am I just a brother so without further
ado guys this is licking Martin's
you know what guys I have a best rider
No Oh guys that has been an interesting
video my tongue tastes very questionable
right now I'm gonna have to scrub it
guys if you do and you haven't already
subscribe
what the hell are you doing go down
there smash that subscribe button I'm
also enter the Xbox one ps4 and 25,000 B
books giveaway the link is in the
description below and also guys if you
haven't already caught yourself some of
this amazing fresh new pre Millie merch
go ahead and do it if you've been
supporting me if you've been on the
journey with me all the way to free
Millie you gotta get out there grab some
of this free Millie merch to me this is
more than like hoodie this kind of
represents all the hard work that we put
in the journey that we've been on
together all the way to free family we
are literally the merch ward so Gavin
already can't saw the match go to
www.mobileaustinnotary.com
