so today I'm taking over stupid channel
I'm going to be ignoring him 24 hours so
angry God is Morgan absolutely
humiliated me by making me say yes to
everything he said for 24 hours so today
I'm taking over stupid channel and
getting revenge and I'm going to be
ignoring him 24 hour guys it's bum p.m.
and Morgan is still asleep
this is unacceptable behavior looks like
the challenge starts now
Oh hmm weird almost like I had something
mission guys I'm gonna take a wild guess
that Kara is gonna be ignoring me for
today however if she actually thinks she
stands a chance and she can be
successful at this challenge she's wrong
I'm gonna do everything I can to stop
her ignoring me even if that means I
have to cheat on her
or even fake my own death I'm gonna have
to do it oh really quick guys before we
start the video and you're already
subscribed and I want you to stop and if
you're not already subscribed let me
tell you one of YouTube's biggest
secrets if you hit that big red
subscribe on right now it will change
color literally try it right now blah
that's enough talking for now I think we
need to go and find Cara and give her a
taste of her own medicine
honey camera giving you medical I see oh
thanks looking are you getting up
I shall MA very cute very cute hey Kara
I know you will love it when I do your
makeup do you want to stop me huh
do you want to stop me what a great star
still not talking
well luckily for me I have lots of
tricks serious Kara you may like it bye
got one more idea
gara maybe you wanna go check out the
new look this battle Cara okay I don't
know I'm walkin is right now that you'll
just ask me if I wanted to go to
McDonald and I really like McDonald I
said this is an ignoring video I guess
Walken isn't invited Joe are you ready
to go to McDonald's yeah can't wait I'm
so excited
me too have you got in one day uh yeah
for mortgage credit card oh let's go
I'm so excited to go to McDonald with a
camera
you thought you could go to McDonald's
without me oh well did you know Cara
McDonald senses were tingling you may be
ignoring me but I'm not gonna ignore
McDonald's let's go oh did you hear
something
no okay just drive okay hi can I get two
coke zeros please Kira get me a large
Big Mac Big Mac just drive until drive
backwards my meal Jail don't you ignore
me guys you for your food you didn't
even get me why I wanted guys this is
not fair kara you may think you're funny
may they get gonna win the challenge but
I will get you back for this this is so
good
mine's good as well Kira we just got
back from McDonald's it was so good and
yeah looks like everyone's out of the
car okay
guys I am NOT happy one bit I just had
to climb out of this stupid car window
and I almost broke my back because she
wouldn't let me out even the neighbors
which I haven't even met yet came round
and asked if I needed assistance hell
anyway
Karis still hasn't snapped I start to
talk to me I have a new idea this one is
guys I think we all know the only way
more than we'll ever get out is by
drawing them on a few moments later kara
thinks that this challenge is gonna be
easy for her
well we're about to step up to the next
level she didn't want to see my
beautiful totally legit abs definitely
wasn't makeup but by now we're gonna see
how she will react when she finds her
boyfriend on the floor looking like this
kara the challenge ends now
oh my god what : again maybe should've
noticed already can kinda get Kira
cheese in the fridge skin a bit warm why
you losin me variable sound this is not
else in this house
you know maybe this is gonna be harder
than I thought
or maybe she just doesn't care about me
I just ruined a perfectly good piece of
pork life match for that and she didn't
even care I'm sorry put life I'm just
gonna have to go get a new one from
Marco oh why you never shop it may be
interesting I'm Kira it's been a while
and you haven't spoken I've tried
everything I've tried I've tried being
sexy but I've come to the conclusion no
you just don't care about me but Kara
you'll have no choice than to tell me to
stop when I do this kara I've been
waiting for a long time here I didn't go
to the toilet today you've got five
seconds to speak before I let it rip oh
my god stay that I've got a better idea
a few moments later no Jonas speech to
speak
so to speak yeah do you want to speak
so breezy in his window shop
hey Kara what you up to
hey guess what I don't care come on
we're going shopping right now you're
coming with me a me and you are going
shopping this instant
and guess what Kara is there going to be
a normal shopping trip because I have
your so come on Kara unless you want to
stop me hey Kara you know that I love
Barbie dolls will guess what you have
three seconds to tell me to stop or I'm
gonna buy every last one of these stupid
little dolls three two one
frozen another one I'll get you to get
this I'll get them all kara come on
we're going to check out oh you know
what here I'm about to go all savage
mode because I'm buying the Minecraft
Lego on your card and I'm not even gonna
let you build it
building the Lego is the best part are
you sure you don't want to say anything
I'll let you build the Lego with me I'll
let you build the Minecraft Lego
seriously
oh boy
I guess that means I'm alive
we go over all my gold guys I just made
you take me to the shop but it was so
many toys on my corner know why you need
all of those to it and they took me to
the restaurant wait you stole my food I
know my drink and then made me pay for
it
this is really bad I knew this challenge
was gonna be hard but I really didn't
expect him to move this far but we have
to power I've been trying all day okay
okay okay you know
you know Carol I've tried everything
I've literally tried baking my dad
attacking me we believe blow up
attacking you in the fall but there's
one thing I haven't tried you led me to
this care of you made me do this I
didn't want to take it this far but I
have no choice than to get another um
what did he mean by get another girl
surely he means like his mom why he
wouldn't actually get another girl right
this is just a challenge I hope he knows
that what do you that though I don't
know I don't know this is getting really
crazy guys comment down below right now
what you think is gonna happen I really
don't think he's gonna do this but I
don't know maybe you know him better
than me I really nervous to see what
he's got planned max Oh guys she's here
Oh oh my god oh my god oh my god Oh deep
breaths
hi thanks for coming on such short
notice
are you ready for this me too me too I'm
so excited if Kara finds out she's gonna
be so so angry come on come on we need
to go quick come on come on come on come
on guys it's ten minutes later and the
doorbell just rang I heard footsteps and
voices but I couldn't tell who they were
and then I
footsteps go upstairs and it didn't just
sound like Morgan it sounded like he was
maybe with someone else please tell me
he didn't actually do it I need to go
and check and find out the truth
I think she's coming get down don't I
see you get down get down oh my god guys
this is it I'm about to go in there wish
me luck
oh my oh my god
oh my god battery no bogies another girl
female uses mine it was your ball oh hey
Martin what are you doing here why have
you got a wig on just a new look oh you
know I'm hot
you know you know what I'm done I'm done
I'm sorry Kara but I just can't take
this anymore
I'm sorry I love you boy you're just
driving me crazy
come on you're driving me crazy Kara I
can't take this okay
Kayla I love you okay I love you so much
but I can't do this anymore
I don't know you do the challenge or if
you're actually doing this book you try
kara if you're just going to ignore me
then I'm sorry well I can't have you
here and I don't think the relationship
is
work anymore Cara I just don't think we
can be together after this challenge I'm
sorry Cara yeah so so that's it yeah you
just did all up for this yeah
why won't be fun oh my god guys make
sure you come see me on tour this
January in Sheffield and London Cara's
gonna be there I think unless I stop her
going because of these stupid challenges
and as well as Cara the entire squad is
gonna be there and the tickets are all
of us some thousand two more tokens left
or link in description peace out
