it's like 4:00 a.m. I just woke up
because of the rain by to another bag I
know you guys have been loving my full
night concert at the moment but today I
thought I'd switch it off and go for an
old-school morgg's challenge video and
today hopefully by the end of this
challenge I'm gonna feel on stop now one
thing that mom always says to me is she
says how she cooks for me cleans for me
she always tells me if she wasn't here I
wouldn't be able to win and today is
where I show her I'm unstoppable and
prove her wrong you hear that mom can't
wait for it so basically NCS has
challenged me to feel unstoppable and I
thought one of the best ways to do this
would be to go to my roof set up a tents
and sleep there overnight
so you finally going outside walkin I
mean I mean I'm going on my roof so I'm
technically outside
I'm still kind of on the house though
yes guys this means I'm gonna be
building my own pen I'm gonna be
sleeping in there overnight
I'm gonna be cooking for myself I'm
gonna be doing all these survival skills
while my room no guys NCS is an
experience you guys definitely don't
want to miss out on it's the chance to
do loads of awesome challenges loads of
skills which will help you in life I
think it's awesome and you guys
definitely showed miss out on it and
that's why I've teamed up with them to
bring you this video today so guys if
you've never seen my face on your screen
welcome to the finals I'm actually going
outside the house how many like should
we smash all these videos boys and girl
forty thousand likes
let's get so basically the first step of
this challenge is we need to get
prepared and there's a certain somewhere
I have in mind which may actually be a
lot of porn going in the fridge no I'm
gonna go get a new fridge sorry let's go
okay boys and girls we are in the tank
shop right now and basically this place
is literally ten so I had the genius
idea to play a quick game of
hide-and-seek they didn't carry it from
you
Kirra hey and then you simply yeah
that's a good idea
see but basically I'm gonna take the
camera mom and Kara are gonna hide and
we're gonna see if we can find them guys
you've got 30 seconds starting now 30 29
28 that's what I want you to do as I
count its comment down below who you
think I'm gonna find first Kira or mom a
few moments later okay I think it's been
about 30 seconds so basically as you can
see you guys there is literally tents
everywhere they're all open so I am
absolutely no clue where to look
hey mom I know you're in here I know you
in here mom you can't hide from me mom I
know you're behind that you actually go
before oh that was a bit easy you're
terrible can we just see yeah okay we
got shown both I'm um I'm running I'm
running I'm gonna scan through am i scan
through I think she's gonna be in here
she does
she likes the color green doesn't you
boys and girls I thought find her there
she was she's behind them I think
nope drug baron
thank you boys and girls now it's gonna
be me and Kara hide in Joppa like right
now if you think I'm gonna win mum go
for 26 25 24 23 5 3 2 1 I'm coming I
know that they went down this way
Morgan Morgan mokey I can see you I got
ya
wake up I'm a tent I'm not a person I'm
a tent let me give you a clue you know
think outside long season the same time
as me shootin the other side okay so
boys and girls would bike right now I've
just changed back into my white jumper
but basically let me take you through
everything I got from the show first
thing I got is this nice little chair
because obviously we don't want to be
sat on the floor we want a high-quality
chair if we're gonna be stayin the
entire night on the roof you know what I
mean like I gotta have some good support
this man I don't want to get my next
thing we've got right here is a table
yeah obviously we're gonna be eating
food we're gonna be doing stuff we gotta
have something to put some stuff on got
a tech ball next thing we've got is a
trusty little umbrella for the Sun
because obviously it's gonna be really
really warm so we're gonna need this and
then of course we have our tent looks
small it won't be small in a minute once
we got it up oh now you may be thinking
that stuff so pretty boy now not one of
my favorite things to do when I was you
was always to come and it's been ages
since I've come and obviously a big part
of NCS is survival skills camping and
all of that cool stuff so this is gonna
be also that Moglen aren't you
forgetting some things
oh you've reminded me yeah obviously
we're gonna be taking food out there so
what better to have than a pepper paper
lunchbox are you taking Peppa Pig as
well cuz you always sleep with Peppa Pig
the teddy
yeah the 1080 Peppa can come and then
finally for when it gets cold we are
haha yay so we've got all the supplies
right now and basically I'm gonna go
outside and set them off all by myself
no Morgan you've got to do this by
yourself you'll stop the ball remember
shall I just don't you open the window
yeah cuz you tend to just go through
them okay yeah a few moments later
why hello there welcome to my new house
boys and girls I just set up my tent and
I'm not gonna lie I think this may be
the best ten ever made strap yourselves
in because I'm about to give you the
best house tour slash tent tour of 2017
what eighteen Oh
so basically boys and girls here of
course is the entrance if you couldn't
tell already if we answer as you can see
the first thing we have is a nice
picture because you know there may be a
temple that doesn't mean we can't still
make it look epic now over by the
picture we have some Teddy's to keep me
you know keep me company during the
night we've got beautiful pepper we've
got a nice shot here we have some useful
utensils to use for out the night we've
got a kettle we've got some Febreze
we've got a bell for if I need one
see she came that's quick and then we've
got some binoculars which don't work
over here we have my sleeping area we've
got a nicer Peppa Pig cushion and then
finally we have probably the most
important part of it all the toilet it's
a it's a toilet stop insulting my
toilets we all Hey
and then boys and girls because the
weather is always so sunny in the United
Kingdom
I got myself a son
I think Morgan you'll probably need to
use that as a rain umbrella it is not
sunny it's raining you're optimistic
though so yeah boys and girls I'm gonna
get the challenge started right now it's
always fun to try new things and
challenge yourself that's what this is
all about and that's why hopefully by
the end of this video I will feel
unstoppable let's do this
see ya okay so boys and girls as you can
tell it is currently nighttime it's
pitch-black outside basically I didn't
manage to catch the sunset you know why
because I literally fell asleep boy xand
girls it took me like literally 10
minutes to fall asleep like I was tired
didn't think I was that booty tighter
basically we need to prepare some snacks
ok I'm hungry I'm like really hungry I
think we need to get some food in us so
basically boys and girls as you can see
we've got a kettle right here this is
actually got hot water in it and over
here we've got a cup-a-soup so we put
that in there and apparently that's
gonna make soup I am creating edible
substances from a tent on my roof wow
this is crazy I didn't think I'd be
doing this basically guys I guess here
we go I think it's actually my way is
this actually your boys and girls I
think this is actually working
you may be wondering more how did you
come up with this incredible recipe I
also bring the cookbook
so yeah boys and girls we've got the
first meal here as you can tell it looks
absolutely scrumptious a lovely cup of
soup to keep me warm throughout the
harsh terrain on the on the roof y'all
so boys and girls it has been about an
hour since the last clip it's actually
about 12 right now it's literally it is
12:30 right now boys and girls oh my
gosh it's actually really late I'm a
little bit scared but I've got to
complete this challenge anyway boys and
girls we have basically reached our
first issue so far the suit was nice we
cooked okay I still don't think it was
really cooking but hey ho boys and girls
basically the issue is I need to go to
the toilet so I guess it's a toilet time
and yes boys and girls when I say toilet
I am gonna use the book it let's just do
it okay boys and girls I think we're
good I think we spilled the book over
okay that is not good the toilet has
backfired
I knew we should have used an actual
toilet that's a disaster oh well looks
like I might have to do off the top of
the roof maybe we should just yeah maybe
just get some in there like that and
around here a little bit um pepper yeah
there we go as you can see now we are
completely enclosed in the 10 I'm pretty
sure it's like 2 a.m. right now I've
literally just been laying here on my
phone which is literally about to die
which isn't great but this is an outdoor
activity okay so I probably shouldn't be
using my cell anyway basically guys you
know how this hasn't exactly been going
to plan so far I think I may have just
accounted another problem so as well as
my beautiful cup of soup I also brung
another meal I've rung some good old
beans you know some nice beans a nice
snack you can have them warm and my plan
was just
to open the can and just like heat them
up but the problem is guys um I don't
have a can opener so uh not really sure
what to do right now
yeah
oh you know what you know it means I
didn't even want you anyway I would just
get something else from my Peppa Pig
lunchbox there we go you're a sandwich
that will do this has been a lob over
disaster so far but I'm gonna keep going
because I need to complete this
challenge
Oh boys and girls it is like flipping
whoever I don't have a clue what time is
right now it's like 4:00 a.m. I just
woke up because of the rain oh my gosh
oh my gosh the 10 just flipping
collapsed what guys I was literally just
about today it's 4:00 a.m. I just woke
up because of the rain the 10th who's
sleeping collapse on me
oh my gosh crikey guys I need to find
the
gosh
um guys I think we need to get inside
and have a talk about this it hasn't
exactly gone to plan has it No help me
help me
the tent is collapsed on me I can't get
out oh my gosh guys it literally just
collapsed I'm literally flipping soaked
this water everywhere man oh I need to
get inside boys and girls
MCS obviously challenged me to try
something new to push myself to push the
boundaries to basically try something
that would make me feel unstoppable
I thought stay in a tent on the roof
cooking my own food making my own stuff
would make me feel a lot better because
I don't do any of this stuff however I
didn't exactly succeed this time did I I
just ended up losing a lot of sleep and
having a 10 to 10 collapse on me
so yeah this didn't exactly go to plan
but at least I tried hopefully next time
it will go a bit better boys and girls
it's okay to fail sometimes
and knowing die is what makes me feel
unstoppable guys if haven't already
should definitely go and sign up to NCS
there's little activities which I like
the one I did today but probably will go
a lot better the tent won't collapse on
you I also want to thank them for
obviously challenging me today I tried
my best okay I thought it would have
been okay but I'm blaming the tent it
was the textbook
and you haven't already remember to go
down there and smash that subscriber
into join team Oaks and also as much
alike on this video and comment
hashtag it was the tents fault hashtag
it was the 10th spot guys thank you so
much for watching
I'm gonna go get some sleep because I'm
flippin not cured I've been bored you
guys been awesome I now see you in my
next video
peace out
