Oh thousand wait away one thousand for
every single goal yeah let's do it
yeah you're really bad at football I
think you should stop everybody
real-life football but you definitely
Morgan whenever there's a ball involved
in anything you're terrible
I could definitely beat you oh yeah well
if you're really that confident let's
put some my own wine ha doom yo guys
it's more than today we are bike and
we're going head-to-head in oh another 1
V 1 challenge basically as you know
everyone always says I'm terrible at
football so today me and Cara are gonna
get one-on-one in football clash to
truly settle who is better at football
but because this is the boss channel
we've gone ahead and put a little spin
on it
Kanab some god we are going to be
putting money on the line Cara okay come
on I think you get a bit carried away
so this pile of money right here is
split it's me
cameras where we go I score I get money
but for every goal she scores she gets
100 of my Lily so for example if it's 5
1 I get a 400 pound profit
oh we're gonna play two games all the
awesome football flash up and see who's
gonna end up with the most money okay so
guys as you can see I'm all of the art
right now this is the team I've
currently got Messi and Ronaldo up front
with modrich in the center boats hangar
at the back of Buffon in that carrot
drive any idea who any of those players
are real quick guys what want you to do
is pull it down below who you guys think
is going to scored the most goals me or
Cara who do you think Cara you yeah I
like the confidence yeah I like the
confidence guys one thing we need to do
though before we get into a game with
Cara is I want to open some packs okay
okay new Cardinal card still though God
David silver guys oh he may make into
the team and then finally summer yo
we've got some okay no not salad salad
Celsus Sol oh okay in this part we've
got to push Ellie in the back and
casimiro not quite as good there but I
think what I'm gonna do right now is add
silver into my team okay guys here we go
further ado one goal equals 100 pounds
silver okay
why'd I wife to another can we shoot if
this goes in what I say when I'm gonna
go shoot always everybody's over yeah
guys full time to nil with four moles do
you know how much guys mom to buy 200
wait wait hey hey
20 40 60 80 1 hey there we go boys and
girls game won the 200 pounds to morgues
right there
Kiera dice 200 pounds of your money how
does
she said football she said I can't play
these apps but little did she know I'm
the best Mullen what is it it's not one
more game
one more game but only proven better
than you why don't need to give her
another game this time on a foul
wait away 1,000 for every single goal
yeah let's do you guys every goal in
this next game is worth 1000 pounds
looks like I'm gonna have to get serious
okay boys and girls game number two
finally right now I have 200 pounds of
cara's money but that could change very
quickly because every total in this kid
is 1,000 okay now Tara how you feel it
wasn't that great but you know I might
bend tricking you
so if we analyze the performance of the
last game I have 53% possession
she actually has more attempts on goal
than me which means that maybe I need to
strengthen up my defense durian see you
guys here my card I'm gonna swap in
Ramos for Boateng I'm also gonna swap up
my formation to a more defensive
formation I'm gonna bring in killing me
so the team is now goofball Ramos
Chiellini Ronaldo or Messi Kara what do
you think about that okay well since
you're going with more of a defensive
strategy
I'm gonna go of the opposite of
defensive which is attacking
okay so I have them I've got coming up
here I don't who what who is Connie came
not how he came she just came honey okay
you know what
that's another Kara's talk to you let's
get into the game okay I'm gonna win
some money
so basically what I'm doing right now is
I'm inviting Kara into my League leagues
is where you can play with your friends
you can also trade stuff as well
obviously right now me and Kara okay all
the teams moulds versus Bridget spinner
were in the London Stadium where she's
from
are you ready blaka I need to play
strutting strut strategy play here oh
yeah now look it up for a pass we've got
another back to roundhouse
oh oh oh oh okay there we go - Betsy
kicked off the shot Oh
mmm for now oh no oh no oh my god
another save another save another save
come on I can do this big Keeley's on
the ball killing is on the ball key
ladies go forward shoo
Oh another good save come on I can do
this oh my gosh okay
oh no that means King John economy my
money I'll just sit here sorry
this may take a while to count guys
1,000 pounds towards Burmese lost 1,000
pounds I won 200 yeah but Cara I think
what is more important than the 1000
pounds is for you to admit that I am
better but football clash than you
Morgan
you may be better at football clash but
in real football with your actual legs
you remain defeated guys you know
lives on this video and me and Kara will
do a real live football challenge yes if
they get 10,000 likes we will do it
bye guys if you haven't already go and
download the football crush our is
available in the google play store i'll
of course the app store I love
five-a-side football and it's so much
fun you can play with your friends you
can even win some money from your
friends I think I'm kind of a probably
game so you guys should all download it
and see if you can be as good as me I
hope you're watching the video if you
enjoyed remember to go down there and
subscribe to the channel if you're new
I'm gonna go spend cheers 1000 pounds
maybe I'll buy some pipes for football
club guys thanks unfortunate and as
always I've been mugs you've been I'll
see you in my next video peace out
