for every kill yeah I'll give you some
money
Oh yo guys is morgue and today I'm back
with another banger so I went to the
bank drew out loads of my own money this
isn't sponsored this is literally my
money you want gonna do is I'm gonna tip
he's the delivery guys 1000 pounds for
every kill they get in fortnight no guys
one thing just before we get to the
video you may have noticed this fire new
merch I am wrapping right now guys this
is the next limited edition mgs that
drop like seriously pre this hoodie and
tell me this isn't absolutely insane is
the hoodies t-shirts and also backpacks
are going to be available for one week
only starting now don't only get some of
this merch you literally have one week
to do so link is in the description
below a few moments later ok so just
found my nearest piece of delivery place
a lot baby hey guys okay that's total
chance
thanks man so you guys know we were 35
minutes and we hope that the delivery
guy it's time to play for one eternity
later
hello mayor one large margarita yeah
that's mine thanks and then that's where
you failed again for tonight I think my
little bro plays it no not to you you
make me want to come in like help me
over YouTube video for every kill you
get I'll give you some money no joke I'm
gonna scold with YouTube video I don't
know I don't know if I'd be that good no
long will you be late
the games usually 15 minutes guys min
Jack you've just been talking for a
little while he knows all about the
channel and everything and then the job
by the way we didn't really introduce
you to do it hi it was all about the
channel I've just told him but he
doesn't know about the nerves I've got a
room in the house which is like a mood
shot so I wondered if you wanted me to
pick a few minutes yeah sure pretty cool
I've never seen it in house much yeah
this is probably the word it's deliver
you've actually ever had this stuff
tonight I don't know if it's exactly in
my size but I'm up tomorrow it's take
this yeah I guess yeah
take one these were yeah wasn't it good
everybody just loves the merch new match
out now
link in description
okay okay yeah I thought I'm taking this
back to work anyway I'll just put them
in here be easier then going by Jack are
you ready to play some for tonight yeah
sure do you know how to get into a game
no is it not touchscreen but basically
you just want to get your mouse click
play like that yeah do you best you can
let Chan get one kill like what didn't
get account probably not
I'm really bad at video games bar give
it a go okay guys so just before we get
into the game if you don't know already
I'm giving away a PlayStation and Xbox
uh and also 25,000 V books so if you
want to enter that all you have to do is
subscribe to the channel right now and
then leave a like on the video and I get
one I just oh you gotta enter the
giveaway okay guys so you enter by
subscribing
unlike in this video okay I mean quit
make the videos now yeah so we can do
that after
how does 250 per kill sound sounds
pretty good pretty good pretty good even
tip that much I don't make that much a
month
okay so Jack where you gonna go first
place you go til two towers yeah yeah
yeah
sweet would you like me to you know give
you some tips along the way try and help
you out or do you think you can just go
in there just kill it
just have a bash by yourself I'm just
gonna go for it just really go but yeah
okay but I like I like the confidence I
think you can definitely get one kill I
think that's I think that's achievable
what do you think sure won't kill ya
sure so you say you've basically never
played this game then yeah never never
never once no yes you see just telling
I'm just gonna girlfriend just try your
best
sure yeah oh I believe in you man oh
nice spread you know others good cold
Scarfo guys the best good in the game
and that's a cozy campfire that's a
guest yes thank you
that was a kill wait wait wait wait wait
there you go to working 50 tipped right
there bro
thanks I guess are you like an actual
learner yeah
you just you just picked it open just
living dead killed that sure Evan
comment down below
jack is a pro se out they're all gonna
call it now save your pro doesn't know
they kill but again butyou going you
definitely gone bro
there you go bro there is another 250
that's two kills Jack you are literally
killing it man okay you're gonna come
follow up you gonna come fire up guys
the guys you gotta dad's a guy - the guy
you gotta go - I was going to go put
pump on the bumper oh my god Jack no oh
my god oh my gosh I can tell you got
this buddy got this chat you got this
jack
Oh No haha bro you're melting people
powerful bro
oh my god 20 40 60 80 put it bro that's
another 250 that's 750 pounds Jack I'm
sweetly nobody love China nice another
250 that's a thousand that's about the
pounds Oh
are you sure you've never played this
before I've watched my brother play a
lot maybe that's what's making me play
well you must have played this once no
come on bro don't lie to me I think you
played this already bro I'm not
seriously well anyway bro I guess you're
just a fast learner but four kills bro
that is insane man you are literally
insane at this No Jack Jack Jack please
char now
Oh shot was shot bro watch out huh Jojo
I still made a thousand right oh okay I
guess but you're not really unlucky
because you literally just made a
thousand pounds that is all your money
two hundred and fifty per kill you got
four kills that's a thousand pounds you
happier that huh I am sings it over when
you said you'd never played for night
before I was like no this guy is
definitely not gonna be able to get a
kill how are you that good you gotta you
gotta tell the truth just natural
instinctive natural instinct instinct
yeah Kira Kira I just played fortnight
with a delivery guy Jack and he leeches
one a thousand pounds Oh fine
it's getting late I should probably wear
hold on a side no you don't need to do
that don't just I should probably go
thank you thanks for the merch and
thanks for the money Ryan what you going
what the hell you doing Ryan you can
take my money but what were you doing
Jack Jack man
I'm not sure what's just happened but I
think my friend just stole all my merch
and a thousand pounds off me guys if you
don't know my friend Ryan who I haven't
seen in about a year I think that was
him was that definitely him he said he
was jacked she was trying to chase him
down yes do it
bull guys he's literally right there
he's literally that
we know his you how what firstly the
disguise wasn't very good I mean it
fooled me but it cleared it full Kira
you just basically stole my money I saw
you were giving out tips to delivery
drivers I thought if I dressed up as one
maybe I'd get a tip if you wanted a tip
all you had to do is ask you didn't
after you know dress look like a pizza
guy you know I'm trying to give away
money to you know streamers and people
well it doesn't mean you can keep the
money unfortunately I haven't good after
I am gonna have to see I'm gonna have to
take that back you have technically just
stolen from me but I'll give you
something to make it all okay why I have
for you is some of the brand-new red
limited edition mg's and merch bro this
is definitely two sizes too small
you didn't get the money but you do have
some of the new red mg Zed merch guys
guys that was tipping delivery guys
1,000 pounds didn't exactly go to plan
now did it but guys remember the new red
limited edition mg Zed merch is out
right now this stuff literally goes off
sale in one week seven days this is
available for so if you want to join at
the merch squad top some of this new
merch and basically just become an
absolute legend then the link is down
there in the description below
yeah no this is like down in the
description box no yeah join the
giveaway link in the description thank
y'all so much for watching and as always
I've been more you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace
you
