but I promise you guys by the end of
this video I will have my first victory
so don't miss it yo guys it's more than
today I'm going to be becoming a
fortnight character as you can see you
guys right I have four different
fortnight skins which I'm going to be
remaking in real life and what's this
you ask this is just merge by so hey
guys we have the astronaut yeah we have
the Reaper okay we have the phone coughs
and here we have the dinosaur which
doesn't look anything like a dinosaur
just say I'm gonna be playing a
four-night Battle Royale in all of these
skins and seeing if I can win in a skins
let's go I'm gonna go with is region
the reason aka the dinosaur I have no
clue how this is gonna work but I'm
gonna give it a try
so guys time for the dinosaur in three
two one
bye guys I think I maybe should have
gone for the launch i knows it all
supposed to be that long but look at
this
thank you moving yeah it's even going
little pouch you can poop out of wait
wow what cool however guys one of my
favorite things about this outfit is
three two one this is just sad this is
not sad this is entertainment Oh guys it
is hot in this outfit but we're gonna do
right now it's get into a jam guys I'm
not proud about this but as you can see
on the screen right now I am still yet
to have a solo win however everybody
liked the video right now and maybe the
dinosaur will go my first ever win and
also guys if you haven't already entered
I'm currently giving away at Xbox a ps4
and 25000 VBox the way when two guys is
by the link in the description below so
do that after the video however two
things you need to do to enter is
subscribe to my channel I like the video
so smash that subscribe button smash
that like button and you're in okay boys
and girls we go until two towers is this
gonna be a mistake
probably it usually always is like I am
yet to have a winning four night I
should probably be staying away from
here okay I'm a swooping right here
oh no the guy there is a person okay we
got a shield that is good oh no there's
no good and thank you
sugar sugar sugar sugar sugar sugar
sugar
okay we've taken a hit we've taken a hit
we've taken it was taking it we have
taken a hit we have taken it yes pistol
bit the pistol pistol shut up chop chop
chill chill chill oh my goodness guys
what a nuts
that right there was the suits fault
okay I know you all commented margerine
noob that was clearly the stupid suit
definitely not making excuses now it was
the suits guys I'm gonna change into the
next skin right now the dinosaur skin
was an absolute disaster okay let's
forget that ever happened and move on
forget Lance Armstrong forget David
Beckham and no guys we must do a
fortnight damn
I think I broke my ankle oh my god what
is that you say mouths you're still yet
to win on fortnight Astro mugs
okay Astro mortgage is here and he's
ready to take over the fort night game
you all may be doubting me you may be
saying the visor will make it hard to
play well I don't care I'm gonna head to
loot Lake because it is the best place
in the game said no one ever my brass is
steaming up the visor I can't say oh why
is there never any guns anywhere you
guys always say I'm bad but there's
never okay we've got a pump we got a
pump for your a funk we got from our
show mugs is number one tip always make
sure you have a lot of wood and stone
nice episode 1 of how to play spotlight
with a stove walls okay we got a few
hits on them guys
oh I've got no although retreating is
not cowardly it is smart the thing is
that guy is stuck in the middle of loot
Lake so I'm just gonna flip and leave
him guys I'm literally in such a bad
position right now I have literally a
pump shotgun that is it how can I take
out anybody long-range when all I have
is a pump shotgun okay boys and girls
we've got chest
oh that is a really not that good boy I
shout in any way because dramatic effect
the thing is I would go to like the top
of a mountain and make a base but I
don't know any good guns so I feel like
I should probably get some flippin good
guns before camp on top of a mountain
guys we kind of we found a purple pump a
purple pepper and pet the pen okay oh we
got a sniper okay artichoke it is
counting time boys and girls it's is
camping time I owe on a shield I'd
rather have that than the minis I'll
take that Sonic
you little scoundrel you little
scoundrel I will kill you
screw it I'm building a tower I'm
building a tower
when in doubt Wow I don't have enough
resources screw the tower it's a
diversion okay it was all just a
diversion
no well five minutes for business going
chess no no no you know what
once again I blame this stupid
astronauts ooh I'm gonna change you to
the next outfit right now let's see if
this one brings us some better results
as you can see we are in the next outfit
I am the funk ops guy however there's
one problem guys I look more like the
funk ops guy if he spent a little bit
too much time in the buffet as you can
see I've got the glasses okay guys for
this next outfit no longer do after were
an astronaut skin but we have to wear a
huge afro a fake moustache and glasses
just what I thought I couldn't get any
worse it does so here he is guys the
phone cops guy as you can tell we
basically look like we're brothers he's
not the same glasses the same I've
barely the same top
we're like the exact same me and him are
brothers right but that's not what
matters we need to get into a game and
win so far in this video we've had zero
kills two deaths and I'm still yet to
get my first fortnight victory but I
promise you guys by the end of this
video I will have my first victory so
don't miss it for this game I'm gonna go
to pleasant park I haven't been there
yet and I find she a bit of a pleasant
part okay great
we've got a house guys we've got a chest
we've got a c4 that's actually really
good guys I actually got two kills with
a c4 with one of them
few days ago so hopefully we knew that
again guys I'm not sure if there's
someone in my house so let's just
okay baby no no no no no no no no no no
no I'm not having that no no no no no no
no no no no whoa I was literally just
about to blow him up I went for the c-4
kill just a Reuben I was a sure I was
just about to blow it up we've got one
more outfit we've got one more game and
I will get my first win and boys and
girls I present to you the creeper mm
missing dog less dramatic and
cool-looking in person you know earlier
I said it looked like the funk hop if he
hit the buffet too much now I look like
the Reaper if he lost his suit and had
to go back and find his school uniform
guys this is literal school uniform
firstly this is like the worst bit of
ever seen and secondly I forgot to order
a wig so I bought another bit on my head
but anyway guys I think we should go
upstairs and see how mom reacts to the
Reaper aka that the homeless Reaper I am
through with playing games today is the
day right now is the time mogs gets his
first win on solos fortnight this is not
a drill this is not a joke the Reaper is
here and I'm about to win on
everybody smash the light bar right now
comment down below if you're still
watching the video let's get into some
fortnight unless get my first win so in
this video we've been just about
everywhere however there's one place we
haven't be I like to call this place my
home this to me is where the madness
happens this to me is where the win is
going to come from Haunted Hills the
home of the best loot in the game let's
go okay it looks like we may be all
alone however you got always keep your
eyes open for company no chests please
say yes come on if we die it's over I
need a chest oh you're joking I still
don't have a weapon I have a grenade
okay I'm not gonna cobble you blow up
some one I need a flippin gun man come
on okay come on come on come on yeah oh
he's a flippin hunting rifle oh no one
uses there is no unlights hunting rifles
okay a pistol I'm legitimately rather
use a pistol than a hunting rifle I'm
not even joking the Reaper does what the
Reaper wants blu-tack there we go we got
some Blu TAC
okay there we go guys I thought I'd
messed up I went for the sneak attack
well I always do because I'm a flippin
noob and he almost got me like I'm not
even gonna lie okay I see a chest I see
a chest I also see why is that why is
that oh I think it's just a bush okay I
see some people in the distance I see
him in the distance guys do I go for the
sneak I think what I'm gonna do is go
for the sneak guys he doesn't see me
okay he doesn't see me he doesn't see me
I'm a tree all I am is a tree
oh no okay sneak attack failed backfired
I got this guy
I've now played 460 games on fortnight
today I thought if I bought the real
life skins to my character it would help
me win but we are still yet to win on
fortnight battle royale right now I may
not be playing very well I may not be
having my best games however guys in my
next video I will come back stronger
with a new idea a new fairy a new set of
skills and I will get my first fortnight
victory guys subscribe to the channel
right now if you are new to join me on
my quest for a win in fortnight battle
royale enter the giveaway right now the
link is in the description below and
always I've been walks you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out
