that's it baby let's go let's go
oye I'm coming for you now recently it
just came to my attention the my mom
uploaded a video playing for night with
ali-a how are the boys and girls
oye said some stuff about me in that
video and I'm not too happy about them
so in this video I'm gonna show you why
they said about me and then get into
some for night battle Royales and show
you why I am better a fortnight we get
into the video boys and girls I just
want to say a massive thank you over the
past few days tea mugs has grown over
20,000 new subscribers how crazy is that
so if you're new to the channel and you
haven't already smashed that subscribe
button you should definitely do it
become a part of tea mugs and also I am
uploading the craziest 4 night videos on
YouTube every single day so make sure
you subscribe with notifications turned
on so you don't miss out on any of those
but guys I know why you're here
I know what you want to see you wanna
know why ia said about me and what I
have to say about what ali-a said about
me yeah let's go so I'm a mom's channel
as you can see right now boys and girls
and check out this video
ali-a teaches me fortnight so let's go
onto the video and see what alia had to
say so many she's guys as you can see
she sat down she's got the game in
settle she's playing for tonight and she
actually thinks she knows what she's
doing mom is the biggest for night news
look at her she can't even see the
screen correctly so here we go guys
let's see what you had to say if I
practice for the next few weeks
obviously you can practice for years yes
you may not quite get there I'm afraid
you know what I guess that's kind of
true I mean I think mom could play games
for ten years and still not even be able
to hold the controller like ten years
ago
beating Morgan is the main thing though
no I'm not mom is literally the worst
four-night player on earth I gave her
the controller and she was holding it
like this the fact that ali-a basically
said he thinks mom can beat me a
fortnight
that is outrageous you know what I
didn't want to do this bomb guna
ali-a you've pushed it too far no Lee am
I better for tonight the mum ali-a I'm
better a fortnight than you
actually on second thought ali-a I am I
am I am a oh I am good at fortnight I am
better than I am I'm better than your
mum fortnight
yeah no you know what you know what
Morgan snap out of it you're better than
him
just keep telling yourself you are oh
yeah I am better than you
a fortnight and if you don't believe me
I'm about to show you let's go
oh I didn't do anything what is it dead
or something oh that was a bit of
disappointment it it's dead
oh I guess first let's go anyway
okay run away into a game right now I
guess talk is cheap I'm gonna have to
actually show you guys how good am a
fortnight and if we're judging by my
previous video am didn't go too well did
air
yeah last video was a little bit of a
disaster I'm ready and back and I'm
gonna win okay boys and girls right now
I'm going to one of my favorite places
in the game I'm gonna help shifty shafts
I know a few of the four-night youtubers
go here and say it's really good and you
know what I have to agree there's like
three or four chests the good loo and
yeah I'm gonna definitely need some good
loo if I'm gonna get first place and
prove that I'm better than ali-a
you know it's not exactly the easiest
thing to do saying that you're better
than the best for not youtuber okay
we've got a tactical shotgun I saw
someone else land over here I'm
literally just gonna charge for the kill
because I need to show you guys I can
get these kills brought on the bats okay
I'm getting shot I'm getting shot I'm
getting shot
um 78 fizzing bad I mean we still
finished higher than 22 other people
right I'm sure sometime some alley a
finishes her I you know what I need to
get back into the groove okay if you
replay the clip basically what happened
is my eyelid got short and it was like
twitching and I couldn't see okay why
don't love you line anyway boys and
girls not the best start but what would
John Cena say never give up let's go
again
oh you play so much why am I so bad at
the game I mean I mean why am I so good
at the game is what I said like you
always right okay boys and girls run the
bowel boss and run away into game number
two right now day one was obviously just
a fluke okay I am the best for guys I
literally need all of your good look
right now if I'm gonna win this game I
need you guys as help if you haven't
already gone down there and smashed
light like one please please do it if we
could hit 20,000 likes on this video
that'd be amazing and if we hit 20,000
likes maybe I'll actually win oh gosh I
forgot to jump yeah my bad ah you know
what boys and girls looks like we go in
Anarchy acres time to cause some anarchy
okay hey goes nothing boys and girls
we're entering the barn right now let's
try and find some good loot baby baby so
far we are still waiting for the good
loot book I'm sure this one fit in her
Oh
we also was it oh yay I'm coming for you
me and my ward will never be beaten okay
that's it baby let's go let's go
yes he was company and waiting for me
you can't see me bro look at that let's
get a replay on that ali-a must be
quaking he's shaking right now he's
shivering he's scared
he knows his competition is fierce that
right there is an ally a ninja-esque
kill that was phenomenal
okay boys and girls we've got a fat
shield I'm gonna drink this because I'm
although on how and I could do with some
protection for okay morgues come on come
on
stay strong mobs you can do it now you
can do it okay looks like somebody has
been here so there's probably someone in
here so I've got to be oh okay okay do I
go in you know what I'm going for it
you've got to be assertive okay he's not
in her right but kind of flop okay I see
someone
I'm gonna build I'm gonna build I'm
gonna use my wood I found see ally this
is some pro stuff right here he's gone
bandages okay you know I actually need
those I'll use one right now let's go by
the way one thing guys just as I'm
playing I want you guys to comment down
below who in your opinion is the best
fortnight player in my opinion in my
opinion is obviously me like it
shouldn't even be a question and
obviously the best so I don't want to
see a single other four night youtuber
in the comments section below
I am the best oh god there's people
everywhere how much these guys know oh
gosh okay I see someone I hear someone
nearby I've no clue where they are but
I'm just gonna keep running around in
circles and flipping hoping for the best
I am actually we're okay okay I don't
know why I'm getting shot from I don't
know if I'm getting shot okay I see him
I see him I see him 80 now okay okay
no why why don't I just come I can't get
past apply pressure hey hey literally
hey hey
hey get out my way hey you're ruining my
day hey get away oh okay that was a
close one
now you may be saying Morgan ali-a
wouldn't come ali-a would never come
okay
I'm pretty sure I saw you clap once so
I'm just gonna come you know what guys
I'm fucking fed up of Anarchy acres it's
bad anyway I don't even get any good Lou
I'm just gonna run bro oh wait we're not
even in our ki acres room faithful
fields are for goodness sake guys ignore
me
same thing really isn't it I'm literally
such a noob it's actually hilarious okay
you know what
it's perfectly respectable to run away
awesome off visit mom Jesus crack I've
got tied by a moth blow me an egg it
came out I know that's all you're gonna
kill me I bet that was ali-a that's
sending that moth to try and distract me
because he knows I'm good
yeah conspiracy theory okay guys if you
look at the distance over there
there's a house with oh gosh I think
that's a chest I'm not sure I'm gonna
head over to it probably gonna die I
mean I mean no why would I ever die I'm
the best obviously okay someone has been
here maybe we'll just leave that for now
okay boys and girls 22 people left right
now things are starting to get a little
bit serious
I have no materials so I mean I should
probably go and chop some trees
literally the only thing mom can do on
for tonight is chop trees and ali-a
actually said she's better than me but
like I didn't even chop them I forgot so
she's probably better than because a car
even mine so basically there's another
tactic that I like to use a lot Dahlia
has never used and I know this because
he's not on the skill level of morgues
you won't see ali-a telling you about
this type thing because he just hasn't
discovered it yeah basically guys what
you want to do is hide in a bush guys I
really need this win ah oh my god guys
is people fighting right over there I
want to see which one of them gets
killed and then kill the one that
doesn't oh okay wait it's looking like
the person over here is gonna get killed
yeah - okay wait for this way for it
wait
Fred wait for it oh no please
guys if we get a replay of that
basically what happened is my finger
actually got like really sweaty and as I
went to kill him it basically slipped
and I like and dropped the controller
obviously that you know happens to the
best of us obviously I'm sure Ali A's
had to happen to him a lot and obviously
it's understandable that why I died
there but I'm still obviously I'm just
gonna bill mu P okay final game right
now boys and girls I am through with
playing around no my eye twitches no
more finger slips I am gonna win this
next game if it kills me
I will prove to you guys why I am better
than ali-a so far hasn't gone so well
but that doesn't matter boys and girls
because once I win this game right here
there will be no doubts and I will be
the undisputed champion of for my
comment down below hashtag team bugs
let's fucking do this you know what boys
and girls I've gone shifty shafts I've
gone fatal fields but I'm through with
playing games I am going straight to
tilter Towers let's get this party
started
okay boys and girls here goes nothing I
picked my by stole he stole it no please
no please please no please
one more okay here we go boys and girls
we go until two towers let's hope to do
a little bit better than last time and
we're good come and get the tower come
together it's our house no aah
Oh Philippe say how do I get up now oh
this always happens to me hey you know
what we're gonna have to do some flippin
parkour we're gonna have to park on my
way up
oh one more by the way guys I literally
just broke my chair
comment down below hashtag rip chair and
also one like equals one prayer you know
what they say boys and girls
third time lucky we're going to tilt the
towels right now once again let's see if
we can not die in five seconds
okay I don't even know where I've landed
but Pilar we go in here guys let's just
go for it bro please I need a weapon
hold of the chest okay no that's okay
come on come on come on come on come on
come on let's do it let's do it let's do
it
let's go for the pump shotgun you know
what initiated grenades
I'm not playing about any more bite
right right I didn't really achieve
anything though I just kind of blew
stuff up didn't know Oh what what who
built that then it was a flippity-flop
built that whomever I think was it me
and I got that and forget it was
probably done Oh what okay there we go
baby let's go let's go first kill baby
that's a a lady I'm coming for your bro
your mom no it's not even a big deal bro
there you go I'm back now I'm back I'm
back and I'm ready to rumble
and groovy I'm ready to groove on bro
there's definitely someone up here I can
smell them
oh man k okay that is good I am probably
gonna need that at some point let's be
real folks I'm probably gonna need that
if you're on the roof
you can't die I mean you can't move i'ma
go up there anyway let's go
Oh boys and girls this is the game this
is gonna be the game where I win I can
assure you that this is the flipping
game well she morphs I may not be quite
as good as ali-a
but at least I'm better than my mom
maybe III might be better than my mom
I'm not sure maybe a little bit bad guys
even though I am a literally horrendous
over for tonight if you enjoyed this
video remember to go down there and
smash that like button also if you
haven't already just subscribe to the
channel right now to join team morphs
we're growing so so fast and I'm on the
road to 3 million subscribers so you can
help me get there and subscribe that
would be so so much to me thank you all
so much for watching and pull it off
with my terrible for knife fighting and
I will see you in my next video please
