I'm Morgan you're terrible
yo my hands clearly slip like I am the
best at this game but even your fans
know how bad you are you know what if
I'm really that bad
let's turn this into a bit of a
challenge hmm I'll play a battle royale
and if I win you have to buy me 50,000 V
books smokin
what's a V book if I lose I'll buy you a
Playstation till hello team Ozai welcome
back to another video today I'm coming
at you with I know they're crazy for
tonight challenge now this right here is
my girlfriend unfortunately and by the
end of this video I will impress her
with my fortnight skills
no guys for daya has been absolutely
blowing up at the moment and I am
literally addicted to the game because
anyone else literally not turned off the
game like it is all I do but guys if
you're like me and you are addicted to
the game remember to go down there and
smash that subscribe button smash it
like this smash it harder than that
I'm making it my goal to bring you guys
the craziest four-night content on
YouTube so if you're not already
subscribed you missing out baby I'm
seeing as we're joined with a beautiful
guest today how many likes should we
smash on this video I was about to tell
her to set a smaller goal buts hundred
and thirty two thousand likes if we hit
that goal I will literally buy all of
you V books on fortnight go down there
smash that like boy and let's get
started okay boys and girls the stakes
have literally never been higher if I
win I get like 500 pounds of V books
however if I lose I have to spend five
hundred pounds on a Playstation for Cara
what would you guys do is comment down
below
hashtag team Cara or hash tag team orgs
and be sure to watch till the end of the
video to see what happens care what you
think is gonna happen well you're gonna
die lose I'm sorry guys I'm gonna prove
her wrong I will impress you I'm the
best okay boys and girls were in the
battle bus right now
I made me mom's battle bus I am
literally so fed up of you guys saying
I'm bad at this game so I will prove you
guys wrong I'll prove Kara wrong and I
am going retail ro I literally never go
retail ro and give him our people here
literally if I die I buy her a
Playstation I cannot die
okay boys and girls so far carrot do you
have to do that right in my face
okay carrot what the foot yeah I'm
trying to play full night you can't just
do that but can you maybe drink did
drink a little bit nicer please I'm
trying to win over here if I die I
literally have to spend like five
hundred-pound and buy you a PlayStation
I cannot die
do you really have to do that right now
my hair was fine you know what boys and
girls then maybe a hair brushing my hair
right now but as you know I'm the king
of four nights so I don't even care boys
and girls the storm is over it tilted so
I'm gonna have to go we haven't got any
kills yet carrot no seriously please
carrot that actually hurts you should be
glad that you don't have this girl as
your girlfriend because she does this to
me all the time and now the one time
where I need to concentrate and win this
challenge she's just ruining it to stop
yeah you just made me sure they gonna
come for me you know what
sit by me go go behind you just do what
you just leave me care what the guy so
far it's been a pretty bad game I
haven't found anyone yet because I've
been too busy get attacked by my psycho
girlfriend so you know I can't really do
much but as soon as I find someone
they're gonna die and Cara you're not
gonna ruin it for me okay he's too far
away wait till he literally got away
anyway he is I can draw you in math if
you want Cara nuts they're like Karis
all stop it you're like dog
okay I'm getting shopping to place at
once
Cara yeah I was literally in a
one-on-one and you were squirting coke
at me I have a mop on my head you have
cheated okay that was kind of unfair if
you really want I'll give you one more
chance to redeem yourself
you better not interfere okay guys we're
gonna go get into another game right now
the first one obviously wasn't
successful looks like I'm gonna have to
continue this video with pen all over my
face and with diet coke dripping off of
my cheek but guys if you haven't already
gone down man subscribe to the channel
please do it I need some good look right
now okay if you haven't smash the
subscribe button smash it for me okay
get away from me what I'm gonna do is
actually head to a bit of a hidden gem
in Fort knives we're gonna go to the
prison because basically nobody goes to
the prison however it's genuinely a
hidden gem there's so much good loot in
the prison trust me guys watch I'm gonna
win this game okay well you ain't and
you have fun chillin I'm just gonna keep
playing them okay i kidnapped you
kara I'm literally asking you as your
boyfriend
please stop ruining this for me yes no
no no I'm not no no I don't know no I
don't want to know okay
okay boys and girls I'm a little bit
nervous obviously it's really hard to
concentrate when okay boys and girls
we've got a chest this is literally the
first chest I found today and we've oh
gosh we didn't get that much stuff did
we no I'm literally sorry playing fauna
and I feel like a coloring book gone
wrong my face is literally a canvas
right now I have literally got a map on
my face no I please care please stop
okay boys and girls we just got a green
another chest okay come on everybody go
down there Colin what do you think is
gonna be in this chest I'm going a
purple scar we gotta agree they are I
mean it's not quite a purple scar but
it's better than what we got so I'll
take a carrot
no just take it showing you okay I don't
want to see it get it away from my face
kara please take the toilet paper to kit
kara kit turn Oh way too much okay boys
and girls the storm is coming right now
so we need to get into it before we get
killed because we need to stay alive I'm
just gonna like Kara do a thing I
nothing can stop me from being the best
fortnight player okay
not even a really really annoying
girlfriend Kara you have literally
covered my merch like everybody should
be able to see my merch is literally the
hottest merch on YouTube guys if you
haven't already got your bromwich link
is in the description go get some you
also get a free piece of toilet paper
from nope okay
okay we gotta need a comeback guys
someone's that carrot please this is not
the time care please Carol is literally
someone that Kara please please Kara
please please get it now no no no no no
I know
oh she jump
okay we got to kill boys and girls there
we go that is the start of the comeback
of morgues get ready boys and girls get
ready killer that right there worth a
pretty nice kill I can you play get all
wet
oh no okay okay oh my gosh no we're
getting shot we gonna shop against hope
against hope against shop getting shot
we're getting shot but you just gotta
accept it you're just really bad at
fortnight it's like you're me it's not
even you
you actually made me into a mummy Barsky
I'll give you one more game because this
is really fun too what you felt okay
boys and girls one last try hopefully no
more care interruptions boys and girls
this is gonna be the game where I win
you watch okay for this one guys we go
in to a little bit of a hidden gem I
don't see anyone on YouTube talking
about this place but it's personally my
favorite place to go and I'm kind of a
noob so you're probably not gonna listen
to me well let me explain as you can see
we go into the football pitch area and
the reason why this place is so impede
is that is literally right in the middle
of tilted towers and snobby shores and
it means people from tilted and snobby
will pass through there trying to get
some more loo and you can be there ready
what are you doing please just for this
game just go away go away
wait wait what you're actually gonna go
oh guys okay looks like um I actually
witnessed one Kara's gone - please -
please do watch me
kara don't lamb in the room last time we
did that he pooed Kara honestly carrot
don't know kara please why can't you
just let me play
everybody's gonna keep thinking I'm bad
unless I can show them I'm good I'm not
bad you just keep making me lose
I love poco but I don't flip him love
him right now get him away from me Paul
go do it Kieran poor girl doesn't know
how to play okay he's a dog that means
oh you just made him hate me okay boys
and girls we just got a shield potion
which is very very nice looks like maybe
if Kara actually left us we'd be able to
win this one okay boys and girls we've
got some more alone time we found a
chest oh there we go baby
double shield double fat shield 100
hundred health let's do it guys all this
fortnight has made me really really hot
kara could you bring me a drink
I'm literally boiling wait wait what you
gave me one okay Cheers
hurry up I don't know died no no no no
no
they so thirsty you ate it up we down no
that just made me the more right you
don't give me a towel boy
ah thanks I'm trying to play the game
thank you very much Kira I am so dry
right now
try my lipstick I got a new lipstick I'm
try on good it's nice
sounds like he's good on you though
maybe I look better here no
don't think I'm pretty
I think fortnight is pretty so I'm gonna
look at 4/9 okay boys and girls
basically there's 20 people left I'm
gonna head to tilt to towers because I
want to rack up some kills I haven't
been able to because Kara has just been
abusing me with the flipping leaf blower
with her lipstick with tissues there
boys and girls
imma gonna get some kills missile over
here
you know Morgan I'll let you buy me the
PlayStation 1 5 minutes later
I think you'll be waiting a long time
for your PlayStation to arrive well guys
I hope you guys enjoyed the video I
think the only thing we really
accomplished from this video is that I
now know not to ever try and play games
with my girlfriend again
if you're new to this channel as I said
in the start I'm gonna be making the
craziest for my videos on youtube so if
you've already subscribed go down there
smash that subscribe button and join
team orcs and also if you're not already
a part of the merge squad don't cop some
of the merch you could copper blow
hoodie you could copper team multiple
guys link is in the description or you
can just go to
www.donateyouraccount.com/davidpakmanshow
