that's five minutes left Morgan I don't
think you can stand it I think you need
to get out boys and girls today we have
a challenge that they really do not want
to do I've done many challenges in the
past stayed on my roof I've eaten the
entire McDonald's menu but no challenge
is as deadly as the one I am doing today
that is because today team Boggs I am
going in an ice bath well not only am I
going in an ice bath I'm staying
oh we survive is that dangerous I don't
even know someone said this I bet you
can't stand an ice bath for an hour
Bolton and you know what see those I am
the challenge king
I accept your challenge yes I accept
your challenge
I just said that he said that to me
however here is the twist you may be
sayin Morgan why on earth would you
accept this what's in it for you
apart from probably quite a lot views
there is another reason why I am doing
this if I complete this challenge the
one hour long ice bath then I am free to
set whatever challenge I won come on
that wasn't part of the deal
well guys see that I am attempting the
one hour long ice bucket challenge I
need all the people to go down there no
lies I don't want anybody to like this I
don't like let's see if we can get it so
yeah boys and girls I have no clue
what's gonna happen with this challenge
but seeing as I am the challenge king
I'm gonna do
okay boys and girls the buff is filled
with ice I literally can't even explain
to how nervous I am have you got any
last words well now they mention it guys
if you're like on some of the brand-new
elements right now link is in the
description you guys are loving it
become a true bro right now and join the
birch Lord as you see his cool is
available please guys I guess all I can
say is let's do this okay okay okay okay
okay I genuinely I'm so scared just do
it quickly
oh it's the ice is just
yeah it's failed the challenge that
means I have to do 100
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh you
know the worst part is the ice is
melting into the bath guys and melting
in soap as the ice melts anything just
gets worse and worse
Morgan what's the coldest part of you at
the moment this definitely must be okay
guys well I guess there is literally no
going back now the time started were
about two minutes in I literally have
you know the worst part is guys this
isn't even like sudden pain this is just
going to keep draining me down and
getting worse and worse until I
literally freeze to death
okay guys you know I mean ten minute
mark and it's just dog it literally
under so much pain right now that I
can't actually express anything look at
my feet fine look at my feet guys not
even that the fireworks can keep me warm
at this point I'm genuinely just
freezing to death
I seriously cut off describe how much
pain I'm in right now and you know what
when I do think it could get any worse
of course move there Marty could you get
me a t-shirt
I'm absolutely boiling guys I don't
think anybody on YouTube has ever done
an ice bath challenge like this usually
you get to ten minutes and then you go
it is now at the 26 minute mark I've
lost feeling of every part of my body
including my hand so if I drop my camera
into the water then I apologize
seriously look at this can you see this
on my legs they're literally private oh
I'm trying to sit forward look at my
feet the chances of justice down there
is now literally water in every crevice
of my body my back my shoulders I think
even my face went in at one point oh god
no why have you come back
if you're not already subscribed to the
channel oh my gosh please do it man
please hit the subscribe button if you
don't do it you're just mean like you
all literally just mean guys we've come
out of the way because Morgan's making a
lot of noise it's been a few minutes
five six minutes since he did his last
little bit of a vlog it's going very
purple and I'm kind of getting a bit
worried oh no I'm not worried about him
oh god no what I'm worried about is it's
kind of looking like he could it could
it could complete this challenge and
then that means it's gonna set me a
challenge and I'm kind of worried about
that because I just don't know what it
could be so Martin what I think we need
to do is I think we need to go and we
need to try to stop him finishing this
challenge are you with me I'm with you
all the way follow me come on that's
gonna do something
Oh Morgan you crazy
the coals freeze in your brain you're
not thinking straight I really think you
need to get out now
you know you're the one that needs to
get out leave me okay
a bike but you can see my legs are now
completely agency with fear right as
well I now realize that it's now the 40
42nd minute right now which means I am
almost three-quarters
I'm not want to quit the challenge
minute look I am in serious agony right
now I've lost feeling of my legs my feet
are just not there okay they're not that
like I don't care I can see that my feet
are not there my head is now freezing my
face is freezing the only thing keeping
me warm is there okay do not attempt
this challenge 110 minutes
it's bad enough don't try do an hour it
is absolutely horrible guys I'm getting
really really worried now there's only
about seven eight minutes left to the
challenge and it looks like it's gonna
do it well I think we should do is I've
actually got half a bag of ice that I
could use to try and put on him and stop
him complete in this challenge you might
be saying more you really mean that's
the wrong thing to do but just look back
guys all the things mother's done to me
it made me work and really gross food
it made me sit in a Orbeez ice challenge
bar I'm never trusting you again and
I've never done any dashes again you're
so close
trust me you're so close so I think guys
you might not now think I'm big quite so
mean let's get the ice and let's go
upstairs and let's try and stop this
challenge before it finishes it this is
all I got left but it's gonna be enough
hopefully hey girl
I think we should go now you want me to
help you out
there's five minutes left Morgan I don't
think you can stand it I think you need
to get out let me help you
come on let me let me be a good mom and
help you get out and go seriously gasps
it's cold lair twenty-nine
sike
you know what I'm gonna let the people
decide
no guys comment down below
what challenge you want me to give more
she gave me the worst challenge I have
ever done in my entire life so I do not
want you guys to hold back
give her the worst most deadliest
challenge ever do that guys drop a like
on the video subscribe and comment down
below what challenge we should give ok
huh it's now been 50 minutes in cigar
the ice bath I've literally just been
stood in a red hot shower just
contemplating my life my daughter is
still bright red I don't think that's
gonna be turn away for a while and let's
just say this okay let's keep this kind
of a I I'm not sure if I still have my
private parts but if I do that I can't
feel them times this has literally being
the worst challenge I have ever done by
far okay like by far I'm pretty sure
nobody on YouTube has ever done a
challenge like that like that intense
because you know if you do it for five
minutes that's okay ten minutes that's
bad but once you get to a thirty minute
mark you will it truly just feels done
for what you feel finished I was
literally in the bath for thirty second
tonight and it was absolutely freezing
that's really no lie I feel pretty bad
actually that are set Morgan that
challenged me notice guys how long just
trying to flip the tables around she's
trying to you know I feel bad it was
really bad but guess what mom I don't
feel bad about what I'm gonna do to you
guys once again comment down below leave
some suggestions in the conversation
let's give Foreman the worst challenge
ever and also guys if you haven't
already caught some of the brand new bro
merch then you're missing out guys this
is selling like hotcakes so Gavin
already got some of this new bro merge
go down to the link in the description
and get so and also guys if you tweet me
the order confirmation of your order of
the bromwich I'm gonna be falling back
at everybody and if you get lucky
I may even deliver it to your door in
person guys go down link in the
description Moscow cops on merch thank
you all so much for watching this
challenge I'm just gonna get moving I'm
just gonna be doing this all day
- keep watering myself oh if you haven't
already subscribed go down there smash
that subscribe button join team balls
we're going like crazy
we're on the road to 3 million
subscribers and I need you to join B
squad leave a like on the video let's
try and get 10,000 lights for this crazy
video and as always I'd be bored you'd
be awesome and I'll see you in the next
video peace out
