a thousand what you won per thousand
pounds for every kill and death you know
what guys
1000 pounds every kill equals 1000
pounds and finally guys it is time to
reveal the brand new merch room yo guys
and welcome back to another banger today
we're back on for tonight but this time
there's money on the line me Kara went
down to the bank half of this money is
hers half of its mine and we're gonna
put on the line today every time she
gets a kill I'm gonna give us some money
every time she dies she's gonna give me
some money and of course she's a bit of
a new Bond fortnight so this is gonna be
hilarious watch till the end to see who
ends up with the most money you know
what guys comment down below if you
think I'm gonna end up with the most
money or if you think it's gonna be Cara
probably noticed this absolute fire that
way right now the brand new bro murder
bro I'm guys with the new merch release
I am proud to announce that the merch
room is finally ready and I'm gonna show
it to you right now and finally guys it
is time to reveal the brand new
but the most important part we've got
the cash register so yeah boys and girls
we've also got some brand-new merch out
right now this is the brand new bro
merch with two new colors never done
before and also guys with this new merch
I'm gonna be hand delivering some of
this merch to some people who order I've
literally never done that before and I'm
even gonna film it right here for the
channel so guys go to the link in the
description box taco and pick yourself
up some with a brand new bro much
actually I have an idea
oh that's 15 pounds so yeah guys as you
can see bromwich is out now bros so if
you want to log as dope as me and the
mannequin go cut some of that link is in
the description but now it's time for
some mother flipping for 9 okay we are
back and it's time to literally get down
to decimate literally eat the mic so
yeah Kyra do you oh okay do you want to
go first or should I go first you think
you should go first
okay I think every time you get a
he'll if you get a kill you get 500
pounds but if you die I get 500 pounds
are you ready do you think we should do
though Shh
yes okay you know your views have been
down they need this let's go guys let's
do this okay guys as you can see
jump jump jump in the middle but the
touchpad to see the map the jump in are
you going to tilt the towers guys she's
going tilted towers okay guys eyes she's
diving down there is one thing that I've
been meaning to say loads of youtubers
have been doing strip for night videos
with their girlfriends and guys I think
I should do them with Kara so Kara how
many likes do they need to get on this
video for a strip for tonight video okay
can we have a realistic goal whoa did
you say 25k legs guys you heard in first
strip for night video if we get 25k
likes go down there I'm flippin Smasher
come on go the size go up the stairs
actually wait what am i helping you
should I be helping you here take a look
so you've raided the house you have to
find another one but try not to die you
in a very popular part of the game mine
you're insulted Springs guys this is
literally so much money we are playing
for if she dies I get five hundred
pounds but for every kill she gets she
gets five hundred of my money so
theoretically if she kills five people
I'll have to give her two and a half but
bright oh my gosh okay we need to hope
that she dies I'm gonna enjoy this guys
i am gonna 20 40 60 80 poison girls
500 pounds two mugs let's play bingo
new chief is wild but now it's my turn I
could lose all of that I could go
straight back to Kira
you know what Kara I'm feeling quite
nice today seeing as I'm better than you
how about every time I get a kill that's
200 pounds but when I die that's 500
pounds so I have to get free kills just
forget my money back here let's go
bear in mind guys I'm not a very good
fortnight player okay you may be
expecting some Ally a type player
it's not gonna happen guys I am terrible
but when there's money on the line I'm
gonna try my best
someone's been here someone's been here
someone's been here so basically I've
had a bit of technical difficulty I'm
basically the controller Kyle so yeah if
you replay the footage you can you can
clearly see that the the controller cut
so how about we are hired the steaks
steak I like steak be mm what you want
to put thousand pounds for every kill
and death you know what guys 1,000
pounds every kill equals 1,000 pounds
how about gonna house go douse there
might be a trap in there which will lead
to you dying and we get a thousand
pounds and sometimes go in you never
know guys guys okay on the hill see he's
moving on the hill that shoot me shoot
me shoot him do it get the Aron oh no
you're shooting the tree oh my gosh I
suppose we'll move go kill him I will
see him just go head down there you're
gonna make me why would I take your
advice
trust me I'm just trying to help you
doesn't help
I know have we flippin go I am now 1,000
pounds richer and you know what she was
actually really really close like she
was very close to killing him
however she's just panicked but now it's
time for me to go again and I need to
get some kills this time oh my god guys
okay we're back and we're tilted towers
and I've gone to the top and there's so
much treasure here yes yes yes yes give
me 200 give me 250 Yuri 200 it's 200 200
this guy's down that this guy's down
there keep it coming keep it going keep
it coming keep it coming keep it coming
keep it coming
you know at least I've got some kills
now kara is yet time I kill so she's
gonna play again and you're gonna go to
tilted towers this time Karis first ever
change your chest it's it's not that
good go into the open do into the open
what could possibly go wrong just made a
4 on the outside made a wooden floor on
the outside oh my god he just came up
behind you I couldn't hear
okay it's time for the final two games
right now but we're gonna put a twist on
it we're gonna make the last two games
the craziest ones yet because Kira
whoever gets the most amount of kills
gets to keep all the money
what would you mean you need to believe
in yourself so guys comment down below
molds all Kira it all comes down to this
over 1000 pounds on the line right now
of either person's money guys this is
gonna get crazy you know what I'm gonna
go first and then Kira can go after the
thing is Kara I died without getting a
kill on the first game so if that
happens again all you have to do is kill
one person I hope you get 0 kills and
die forever Oh awesome
that's nice okay alright oh is that
treasure treasure says you what what
whether it's in the wall okay okay I got
nope
oh my god guys I let you all down but
the real question is can Cara got a kill
and get the money okay Cara's going into
a game right now you know what I'm not
even nervous okay like she hasn't got
kill all day she'll sing like killing
free games there's no chance she's gonna
be able to get a kill but if she does do
you honestly think you're really gonna
kill yeah right I don't think so guys
but if she does she gets all the money
that's here but obviously guys she isn't
really gonna kill five minutes later boy
Robert and it was shooting where is that
coming from
where's I thought what were you
if she did she did and now this year's
literally just taken all of my money you
better all go down there and smash that
like button if we get 25k likes we're
doing a strip for tonight and those like
I guess a little way that I can get like
some something back out of it and you
guys can do guys smash alike and if
you're new here subscribe to the channel
I've got loads more finite videos coming
really really soon and also if you
haven't already go down there and cook
yourself some of the brand new bra link
in the description
well merch is available now in loads of
new colors we've got green we've got
blue we've got this awesome red a white
combo right here is literally the
highest merch I've ever released
look-alike guys the bro is made of mini
rose that is absolutely revolutionary
guys thank your son for watching if you
get the merch tweet me your order
confirmation on Twitter and I'll follow
all of you back subscribe if you're new
and smash your like for a strip for
tonight video and I'll see you guys in
my next video peace
