listen to the way he saves morgues can
we get a replay on that moriss moriss
moriss seriously bro is is mort's not
mork's boys and girls the time may
currently be 7 a.m. and I may have been
playing for night all night oh that
doesn't matter there's more important
things at state right now ever since we
moved into the new house mom's been
staying out she's been struggling to
wake up because she's been so tired and
I thought why do I be the amazing look
at the camera Martin I think of my
broken mom and all not now boys and
girls welcome back to today I don't have
a name for the house guys comment down
below what should we call the house
anyway we don't need a name for the
house right now it's still gonna be a
little bit more like ours offer you
seriously mad at me wait why is it was
just a prank
boom I'm sorry I'll buy you Starbucks
she has just freaked out more than I've
ever seen her before I need to get out
of the flipping out before she kills me
Martin due to circumstances Martin help
me help me Martin I've got a wild and
Jill on my hands she just took water all
over me
as you can see man I like and she's not
happy bro this wasn't the way the vlog
was supposed to start up on nevertheless
if you're new here go down there and
smash that subscribe button I'm trying
to get 3 million subscribers and if you
want to be a part of team org and join
me on my journey then go down there
smash that subscribe one and also seeing
as I am now literally drenched in water
please smash that like phone right down
there
I'm freezing but anyway guys Cena's
we're now in the woods we should take
this as an opportunity to roll some
woods cinematics role cinematic
Holly here we see a wild marks in his
natural habitat oh we've been spotted
three two one go
long ago I think Bruno alright okay so
it's pretty clear that I lost the poor
girl I think we need maybe a little bit
of an easier opponent Martin a
challenger to erase
oh my god now mom is angry and my own
supporter muscle all because of me my
own accident is these Paul this muscle
likeness within you might lose in terms
of broken ankle thingy
you know what this morning get any worse
why didn't you just leave us alone are
you stupid
yes you kept us awake all night is the
first morning the McMartin said I'll
take the dog a walk and I'll give you a
rest so you can stay in bed rather than
having our court to 7:00 every morning
I apologize
hashtag morgues is sorry in the comments
section okay
so boys and girls what's happening right
now I'm going out with my dad I haven't
seen my dad in a little bit I think we
should maybe prank him or maybe judging
by the events of the earlier pranks
we shouldn't no I'm gonna I'm gonna
prank him
I'm gonna go for the sneak attack
what nothing but just carry on carry on
okay I just got back that was a pretty
cool meal boats I've just realized like
I've got nothing to title this video and
obviously only care about views but of
course I've got to do something else but
what could I do maybe I should just call
up Kira Kira is obviously a fellow click
beta so let's see what she's got to say
okay so I've got a little bit of a
dilemma okay I filmed a vlog today I sat
down and I realized well I've got no
clickbait for the vlog okay I know you
are the clickbait Queen to my click made
King so I need I need I need a title he
did yeah and I I never made a video on
earth I guess I deserved that clickbait
Connie she may or may not know like two
years ago PewDiePie's the biggest
YouTube on the platform roasted me and
believe it or not the clickbait king
didn't make a reaction video to her like
that's low like I caught I'm actually
surprised and I'm mad at myself
wait um I should probably make this a
little bit more dramatic every night
well I mean bad I can't sleep because
I'm kept up every night thinking about
the time PewDiePie roasted me you guys
don't know what it's like to be roasted
by the biggest youtuber on the platform
it's heartbreaking every night every day
all I can think about is
why do fearo's me okay seriously though
you guys probably want to know more what
did he say about you so i'ma show you
right now I won't react to it never seen
before doing it two years late but he's
quite relevant and could probably use
the views you know what every single
other youtuber they've got roasted by
PewDiePie made a video on it I'm getting
them views so basically the video I'm in
is called I'm out of ideas for this
channel I mean I can kind of relate I'm
just reacting to a video which is
actually called I am out of ideas that
is terrible basically in the video it's
like a skit the pewdiepie i guess is out
of ideas because he's giving all his
ideas to other youtubers literally 20
seconds he talks about me like literally
20 seconds that's how little I'm
actually in this he say something that I
have not been able to unhear not be able
to get out of my mind it's been eating
me alive every day watch this monix and
then you go okay
firstly yes it took me five seconds to
pause the video okay I've got 20 seconds
of content to make a reaction again I've
got to pause it at some point
firstly he you say a pretty bad picture
of me like I mean seriously probably
could have picked a better one but what
can you do and secondly listen to the
way he says morgg's can we get a replay
on that Morris Morris Morris seriously
bro is is morgg's
not more smocks Morten Marx Mort Mort
it's it's just mogs beautifier so I
agree you said my name wrong ah let's
beef no not less I don't know no let's
not firstly I'm not relevant enough and
secondly I don't want my career to be
dead okay but guys that's not what
annoyed me okay this this is what
annoyed me
not morgues here a cancer cell oh god
damn it you twit man wait hold on I
actually just cried for that like this
actually tears around my eyes
I'm not only feeling slandered I'm
feeling discriminated against
I feel abused PewDiePie abused me is
that a bad title than PewDiePie roasted
meat beauty mr. Pike mr. PewDiePie what
you said about me a year ago yeah III I
am disgusted by it ah it just makes me
feel rage soaring throughout my body and
I need to let it out I am not using you
for views right now I am very mad at
this I'm angry and I need to I need to
get this off my chest
guys I have been marks you have been
awesome I'm definitely out of ideas and
I'll see you in the next video hopefully
I can think of an idea for that
peace out
