so obviously there's only one way to
resolve the situation cool my entire
family together for 24 hours
ah
guys ever since my last prank my entire
family have all been murdered nobody has
been speaking it's just been super
dysfunctional so obviously there's only
one way to resolve the situation of my
entire family together for 24 hours
good morning Tara who said we were gonna
be alone we found our next victims
hey mom
good mornin no Morgan I don't we hang up
to YouTube silly kids for the day
oh okay mom well luckily for you I've
got one more pair of handcuffs free well
I'm supposed to do with these Martin
Martin wake up wake up sleepy faces is
the reason I did this because over the
past few days everybody has been arguing
oh we need to come together guys I don't
mean to alarm you but I need a shower
huh buddy just woke up
Oh Martin seriously yeah I cannot do it
is a 24-hour challenge no aah Martin
don't push our we'll just have to wait
20 minutes later you know it takes about
half an hour it's like a shower this is
crazy Morgan
you know no more showers let's go and
tell the people
breakfast makes pancakes angry pancakes
and they're gonna be packet ladies and
gentlemen what better way to start your
day than with some nice crumble
I'm making a fresh fruit salad with some
grapes and some natural yogurt I'll just
make a normal pattern sandwich so guys I
am
you know guys I have a suggestion should
just go to McDonald's how are we gonna
get to McDonald's we're hanging uptick
who's driving Oh Mike you guys I like my
life I don't want to get into a car
McDonald's is 10 minutes away I don't
fancy walking I can't drive I'm Uncle
Tom both hands so mines the safest
option I can learn it down here okay
okay so formation Martin is going to be
driving mom passenger from does I mean I
don't get to sit in the front no I'm
going to the phone okay so formation
Martin's gonna be in the front passenger
in the guys
oh my god
guys listen we're about to enter a
public place okay we're probably gonna
get kicked out if they know we're
handcuffed so hold act natural guys I'm
not Carol a natural don't buy my hand
guys listen we need to act natural guys
we're just a normal happy family aren't
we yeah just coming together MacDonald
hello good they can I please have 20
chicken nuggets and four large cokes
please I'm an apple pie apple pie
what now no they're gonna see they're
gonna oh no no does it buzz will it'll
take away yeah I don't think we did a
good job of acting natural didn't oh
yeah this is fun come on guys we need to
sit down
though some pretty bad news
unfortunately my tummy is I think you
just carry on wait what do I do
I can't way outside here but you're
gonna have to take one for the team
you smell bad mind you think you too
right now
yeah I think she's fine what's it don't
see you Kara
oh my god the fumes more than what did
you do you really kill the girl you know
what perfect thing I'll tell you what
right now the trip to Tesco yeah guys
I think I've broken my wrist guys mmm
this isn't deserve this here that's been
that Colt from down there please yeah
yeah give it to me give it to me give it
to me
guys you know what that was that was
good teamwork high-five you just escaped
from the police station we're trusting
you not to tell anybody okay two
thousand years later two hours now no
Morgan seriously watching you pay is so
boring you haven't even won once Logan
you do realize if you keep playing video
games all day fat balls will come back
you know what Martin that's a good point
I think what we need to do is go to the
gym Morten then you forgetting something
back off together yeah Morgan there's no
chance I'm going to the gym you don't
have a choice I made the line a regular
in the gym however he doesn't seem to be
doing well
we've got me sometimes people call me
the rock because you know I'm always and
then you've got Karen who's had a gym
membership for a year now but these new
times and one of them was to watch him
anyway we're about to go head-to-head in
a handcuffed treadmill rain brothercome
room for the longest wins some three
three two one go
no this is my work I'm not feeling
anything yeah
look a bit look at this photo or this is
too easy I'm hoping this be here we go
boys and girls in touch entire era if
you get off then you go win the free
version how many know what and our
button is the second person eliminated
tell you tired yet yeah you are
beautiful if you're tired
do it
Jill I'm so time like this about the
rules over there about you know what I
think that's worth Laurie oh you know
what that's a big Alpha Team morgs I
can't win my own merch so I'm putting a
super sale out right now everybody over
to the link in the description Marco
that's what the sale it's already for me
and you know what that's what I call
relationship goals
you call that relationship goals Morgan
watch this
some Marty showing no relationship a
vending machine food food vending
machine will configure were the jami'a
the gym
guys we finished in the gym and to be
honest I have a suggestion
we need group huddle brutal you know
what we did good man
we worked as a team we went on the
treadmills we even lifted weights
YouTube on the bouncy balls it didn't go
too great but we worked as a team you
know what I think the perfect thing to
do right now is a nice little date the
way to do with you guys this video has
been a challenge so far these challenges
I've ever done and it's about to get a
whole lot harder we'd love to go in
public and how to date while I live
together
look I see it as this is like the
hardest challenge I've ever done I'm
about to say you guys the hardest
challenge I've ever gave you usually I
give you five seconds to like the video
and subscribe to the channel but in this
video I'd only gonna give you three
seconds guys
starting now
whoa did you do it in time I don't know
bro if they could do it three seconds
it's not much guys make sure you
subscribe if you don't already but I
think we need to go prepare for our date
and dad for the day so weird
guys look look it's not no show this is
like the perfect place for double date
you know what mind I was just thinking
it's so nice to have a night away from
the kids just a 9ro
like grown-up conversation ice me are
really nice yeah it's been ages since we
went our last date I wonder though if
Morgan and Cara are okay without us with
them I'm a little bit worried about that
we don't know we leave them on their own
you know what Kiera
mom this is so nice time away from
Norman Martin stupid bald Martin stupid
mom he's going out with there they're so
embarrassing in public it's nice to sit
down with you across this beautiful
fancy restaurant and just have a good
old day yeah Morgan this is so romantic
you know well who care I'm kind of
worried sometimes they don't leave him
Wilma Manalo because they're gettin old
and what if they fall over and tripling
they need help I really hope they're
okay
the food has finally arrived
is everybody hungry yeah well guys
listen before we just to bid I think we
need to arrange a strategy we're all
hanging together so how do we do this do
we take in turn one she's already going
to chip oh you know what screw the
strategy there we go
guys what can we get a little bit more
Jill oh you can't just be stealing my
chips not there and you know what I'm
going with you even nice handsome boy
yeah this is gonna be all that with one
of the most romantic days everyone jutsu
you know what Cara I'm not usually the
romantic type well I've really enjoyed
that it was nice to get some time
finally away from Walmart to the mall
and just have a nice romantic date with
her I've chicken
you know what call no need you and we've
got Jar Jar - Oh take a look at this
okay no no you know what this is
definitely gonna be the weirdest nicely
in a very long time very very long time
this feels very weird you know what I
want us to keep our distance okay you're
gonna build a wall in the middle yeah no
one crosses this imaginary line okay I
don't wanna cross beautiful please
well I want to cuddle with my beautiful
boyfriend wall for a world full you know
it's so disrespectful you know guys what
I said at the start of the video I
wanted to bring us closer together
it was more of a figure of speech I
didn't actually imagine us all sharing a
flipping bag together
Oh Morgan we're definitely closer
together and I don't like it
guys if you haven't already subscribe to
the channel go down there and subscribe
and once you've subscribed leave a
comment down below so you subscribed and
I'm gonna be applying to as many of you
as I can and also if you want to see me
Martin more I'm Kara on tour then
Portuguese and George went on sale
they're available to buy now from the
link in the description basil ice girl
and if you got your ticket put your
order confirmation on Instagram and tag
me in it and I'm gonna go through
deeming you on following you bye thanks
for watching peace Oh
