it's carrying your bad guys the shower
is currently on 25 vice the coldest it
will go I'm gonna attempt to do the
entire injure while being blasted with
freezing cold water that was a big
mistake since Lee like what is it with
me and the cold I take cold showers I
play games on my roof in the freezing
cold I am freezing to death or hive on
camera honestly one day I will die of
hypothermia what's going down in this
video is me and Kira who's behind the
camera say hi okay we're gonna be
playing a little prank on more now if
you guys don't know really mum actually
returned to YouTube and she uploaded a
video interviewing me and Kara about our
relationship and one of the questions
was Morgan how come you and Kira sleep
in the same bag and I thought I'd use
this as a prank on her but before we do
that I want to go and you know just say
hi to mom I don't actually I just want
to go in annoy house in like you you
flew away will you blow away my husband
what do you forget enough about six
hours Todd you know your house I guess
let's do our job is in a the cleaning
lady
what is all this go away now go away and
make me some lumps IPPs please Tina's
mom is a little bit unwell a nice glass
of water
oh oh no it's like it's a salt water
instead she knows well I thought I'd you
know try and cheer you up just bail on
dose of water because arms did you carry
this on are you obviously now just water
just water promise it was just a please
subscribe 20 more let's try a smash
neither of us can smash 500,000 mice
okay maybe we should just go fur yeah so
much by far the lights let's do this
guy's
for good like two weeks and I think it's
about time we begin work on the
long-awaited merge room we're doing it
right down here in the center of the
house for everybody to see yeah not like
right here oh boy let me show you let me
show it now guys to show you how close
the merge view is actually gonna be to
the door as soon as you enter the house
is gonna be this room that is right well
go why are you in here you're not
allowed in
oh now Bruno's in her mannequins
I've ordered clothing radio I've all
inside I've ordered everything a
mushroom could possibly need my point
for this room and to replace it with
tables merge rail mannequins and of
course the house merge on YouTube is
doing Oh like to do anything the point
of work is gonna begin it's done
absolutely and start working on it while
I do nothing I'm gonna sit down and
protest is my house is my house I'm the
captain now look at me short and the
captain no why okay I'm outside I'm
outside literally first time I've left
my house in about a week it's flippin
snowy it is literally March right now
and it is snowing
oh it's literally April right now and it
is snowing leave a like on the video if
it's been snowing where you're from
anyway right now we're off to
call furniture place to take a look at
some stuff for the merch room it's gonna
be where a few moments later we've just
been in and checked out some stuff for
the merit room exciting coming guys but
wait wait wait mom I can think of
something even more exciting than any of
that there's a subway on this road so we
gave one yeah don't wait I'm excited to
fight mom later they're gonna be in bed
together mom I got you subway no it's
mine no I actually got yourself Wow
Morgan stuff is manicured gosh and
another kid Wow Wow that's a good man a
kid he looks like Morgan it's not just
don't pick on the mannequin I don't have
to do this no
looking at you Morgan that's just what
they want you to think a I'm calm down a
little bit you know me and the
mannequins we made friends again it was
just a misunderstanding I think this one
should get a sweatshirt Noyola
yeah I mean my life yeah yeah my kid no
more rock in the pole class mumbles um
hold on I wanted to give these guys a
name this one needs to be called Craig
crave the mannequin and I think this one
needs to be called Joseph what's that
you say each other needs some crazy and
Joseph everybody comment down below
welcoming crazy and Joseph to the
channel gives him a team mold welcome
Craig chosen welcome to the channel fine
okay so boys and girl it's a little bit
later right now mama went to bed I think
about like 10 20 minutes ago for this
prank is a bit of a weird one
now in the video we did yesterday on
mum's channel she kept asking goes
Morgan Cara why do I always see you like
in the same bag I don't use also asking
those loads of like weird questions
about like our relationship and are we
back together and all that juicy stuff
so I thought why not just play with her
a little bit just mess her about a
little bit and do okay I'm gonna make a
loud bang on the wall so she has an
hopefully yes scared it cooks person
into the room me Cara are gonna be in
bed together cuddling Oh chuckling huh I
have absolutely no clue why it's gonna
go down for this prank its overall just
gonna be a weird one but it should be
funny the weirdest facts are always the
best pranks and Cara's involved so is my
actual mother so this is probably gonna
be a wise and also guys if you want
prank wars to fully return loads of new
pranks then go down there so much that
live work I like to try and shoot for
20,000 likes that's a big goal no what
would I do right now is try and make a
loud bang or some kind of noise I I
don't know I don't think that's what I
can
it's carrying your bed no I've just
heard a screaming she's not in a room
what is caring thighs I care no carrot
that's no care that's just sealed that's
just the cushion Vulcan carry you can
come out now I know you're in there
no I just know this is a pillow oh don't
be silly
why did you scream I heard you scream
I've seen
you've got me our badges for this then a
peaceful night during the bus ain't bad
who's a dear ol nine no she's fine my
birth she's doing your bed are you back
together
oh no there's nothing wrong with women
being on men's beds okay
wash your mother to care if you just
friends
so is it different is it more than
friends and we're back to the same ol
what's going on situation this is really
obvious I don't go to my friends and
leave them well I'm going this is very
weird Martin and they're licking each
other well I think you need to go Paula
to your own bed not care because it's 11
o'clock
well I promised your mother you'd sleep
in separate beds you didn't know that
did you
I'm the captain no mom please just
elbows we need your help
what was has to go in the other room she
came in and broke into my bed she's
refusing to go what can I do
I'm not making a go she's your friends
okay I'm cleaning on the bed and marking
my territory
she's already food in this downstairs Oh
unacceptable
why don't you just have ten minutes
together now read story or something
like a bedtime story to each other well
one of you can go so they just fire it
out just have a father and agree whoa
guys I don't really know what to say
about that I mean Jesus that was a crazy
I know a lot of you probably have a lot
of questions about me and Karis
relationship and obviously mum does too
that's why she was so confused at this
point I don't really know what the
hell's going on she keeps licking my
face I guess she's like oh no no sure I
feel about that so yeah I guess if you
want me to make like a whole
relationship update video if there are
actually a thing smash 20,000 likes and
I'll do it
Carol do it and we'll just kind of
expose each other I know you guys love
seen people getting exposed for some
reason you got choked me out oh yeah
guys I'm always sure this video was it
was a little bit messy a little bit
crazy what are you doing I don't know
what the hell is going on here guys but
if however nobody's much to like yeah
you're just a meanie okay that's my new
thing if you know it's much alike you
just mean okay and no one likes a meanie
care do it no one likes a meaning if you
don't want to be mean it's nice not like
I'm gonna try and drop some new merch
this is gonna drop just get off me
so by much sleep up and yeah if you
haven't swept up worthy for my match I
promote you guys middle term and
