Martin are you ready we're gonna let you
eat the white cream egg team bulbs today
I'm finding the white cream egg hello
guys and welcome back to another video
today you're in fir trees because I'm
coming at you with two videos in one I'm
gonna be buying hundreds of cream eggs
and of course trying to find the white
cream egg color as well as that I'm
gonna be making my own white cream eggs
I'm pranking some of my friends and
family a prank and a challenge in one is
going down now just before we get
started today's post notifications
shoutout goes to drumroll please
this legend right here who subscribed
and turn on notifications if you want
the shout out in the next video smash
that subscribe button
gay notifications turned on and remember
guys watch till the end of this video
because you do not want to miss what's
going down but before we do anything I
want to show you what happened when we
went and got all the boxes of green bags
because it was hilarious 3 2 1
roll the clip yo boys and girls we've
just pulled up at Tesco no what do you
mean no I went to the wrong supermarket
sorry what Sainsbury's I mean I guess
that's ok I was just thinking to myself
these challenges actually cost me like
quite a lot of money right low key I
spent over like a thousand pounds on
food just for these videos and all I
asked from you guys is just to go down
there and smash that like button let's
play bingo
Oh mum do you know I realised uh-huh
it's not even raining it's okay
see see that's my best let's go get some
creme eggs okay
to give you a school has anybody seen
the cream eggs have you seen the cream
eggs oh okay Joe boys and girls is done
we've got the business we've got the
sauce but guys I lost mom okay boys and
girls we're at stop number two right now
we've came to Tesco and we're about to
get two more on opened boxes look at
this these have literally never been
touched before and I'm here to take them
out baby and get me the white cream egg
let's do it boys and girls
free mobile what movie mom boys and
girls three more boxes of cream eggs
into the poo we are finding this egg
okay so now we've got the boxes of cream
eggs we have over 100 cream eggs right
now before we enter the primes I think
we should actually open these because
you never know maybe we actually got the
white cream hair bow guys what want you
to do is leave a comment down below
saying if you think we got one and also
leave a like on the video give us some
good logs because we probably need it if
we want to get this white for you may
wish me look guys let's get these cream
eggs open okay it's time to get these
cream eggs open I'm here with mom and
I'm here with Martin aka bald Martin but
Wayne Martin before we start I've
actually got a present for you oMG said
hi there you go pro you can cover the
bald head you no longer ball mine he
merged out Martin guys link in the
description below get you merch if
you're bald or if you're not balls so
yeah we have got five boxes of cream
eggs here I think we've got about like
two 300
we're gonna open them right now see if
we can find the white cream egg so if
you get the white cream egg in any of
these it's actually worth like a lot of
money so is everyone excited already
yeah let's do it any marks get set go go
go go go try the white eggs guys oh we
got a brown mom what are you doing
no no no that's really much no looking
for white yeah yeah we got food to eat
that's the only reason I'm here with
that doughnuts will get McDonald's okay
I'll save them for later Archer I'll
save them for wrong later on are we sure
this one yeah there is definitely a
white woman here I don't know bro I'm
honestly not sure I think he's just a
train yeah that would be pretty funny to
me to say through those guys I mean I
might say that if you buy bulbs merch
you go get your ball tomorrow I want
somewhere in here guys we can finally
like a golden ticket like I want to get
with chocolate pot dream I do get more
chocolate guys I don't know question for
you real quick
I want to know do you guys like cream
eggs because personally I think allies
not much I prefer kinder eggs guys
coming down below kinder eggs or cream
eggs which one is your favorite I think
this is absolutely yeah
I'm going yeah company it's rubbish Oh
boss
I haven't got one yet I will find you my
egg I will find you and I will eat you
ah it's got different weight to it it's
got a different feel to it
guys right here is the final cream egg
I've got a feeling this one hey I've got
to feel this one maybe white guys I'm
gonna open it for you right here
ah for God said it's just absolutely
rubbish guys I'm pretty sure there's one
more box upstairs so yeah I guess we'll
do that later but no it's not good guys
this way egg is proving harder to find
than I thought okay boys and girls so
now it is time for the prank the moment
you guys have probably all been waiting
for
I'm gonna cover some normal eggs with
white chocolate and then wrap them in
the cream egg foil and I'm basically
gonna say that I have another box of
cream eggs which I forgot to open and
obviously hide some of the white cream
eggs in there this could be one of my
funniest pranks ever I'm also gonna tell
them that they get to keep what's in the
boxes so it's even more crazy guys
subscribe if you're new drop a like on
the video lets flippin do this boys and
girls step number one melt the white
chocolate in a flippin pan bro
number two boys and girls right here I
have six eggs as you can tell what I'm
gonna do is drizzle this white chocolate
onto the eggs and then leave them out to
set I'll probably put them in the fridge
and then of course wrap them in cream
egg wrappers let's try and do this I
don't know what's gonna happen now
hopefully we can pull this off
five minutes later Syria boys and girls
we've done all six cream eggs or should
I say cream actual eggs right now
obviously I kind of have to get these to
the fridge and hide them by need to be
careful
so maybe I don't know I'm gonna have to
find a way though guys let's do it
okay boys and girls fifteen minutes
later the eggs are ready the cream eggs
are ready this is the box that I
actually kept fresh when we're opening
them earlier like they could be a white
one in here legit I don't even know what
I'm gonna do is attempt to take some of
the wrappers off these and put them on
the white ones let's see how this goes
it's actually gonna be hard because I
don't want to break the wrappers but
it's gonna literally be quite tricky and
I'm gonna go I may have to actually put
two wrappers into one here to make this
work guys because the normal eggs are a
little bit bigger than the cream eggs
let me come back to when I finished this
okay boys and girls that actually went a
lot better than I expected basically the
white cream eggs are a little bit bigger
as you can probably notice and I did
have to use two wrappers for each one
well in all honesty like they don't look
that much different like they kind of
blend in really well and to be honest if
mom and mine notice that they're a
little bit bigger I think now I probably
just make them think oh my god this
could be the white one like even more so
this will probably actually help us but
yeah I'm just gonna go surprise mum and
Martin with these eggs and get their
reactions on camera let's see what they
do
mum what do you mean no mum why have you
got a Peppa Pig next year
oh no some more there was another part I
bring you another box bow there was
another one
so yeah mom there's another box we've
got about like like 20 in there a few
more chances to get the white one are
you excited with what I think it's a
tree it's in my eyes but or is that
massive is it big yeah I why is it
bigger seriously why is it bigger do it
do it do it do it do it no way no way no
way no way no way no way mom no way oh
my god no way
he's okay don't make sure you don't
break him
you can't break him okay just be careful
okay
why get the money let me just share it
mom
oh hey Malcolm would you share well have
you done it's already inside this poor
real-looking it mom what the hell why
have you broke a real agency why you
broke here me what I don't understand
why why would they do that
that's ridiculous yeah mom why why would
they do that why would they put a real
egg in there listen if you're actually
that's the same maybe they're just
normal eggs co-ed in white chocolate
wrapped in cream a crapper I'm saying
cute you've done it you've done it
turn the camera off this is just
absolutely fine right absolutely
look what you've done you got egg
absolutely that's it
I'm going I'm not gonna end up covered
it no more Oh Mama's egg every Oh
maybe we should get some of the other
white ones and do a get on Martin oh
it's not very nice though is it but it
was pretty funny right not really Morgan
put you to a mine ha ha do it well I've
got a surprise for you bro me and mom
have got a special surprise twist
we got a blindfold yeah I always end up
being picked on we would never mind we
would never ever pick on you bro
basically me and mom actually found the
white cream egg do the joke in me and
bro apparently you're actually allowed
to eat it all you need is a photo of it
so what we're gonna do we're gonna let
you eat the white egg bro why am i
blindfolded because that's the thing
you're gonna have to guess which one's
white and which one isn't you see ohh
ohh ohh ohh is he gonna get it what is
it mine OTO real McCoy ohh
chocolate that's chocolate you got it
right you got it right
Martin are you ready we're gonna let you
eat the white cream egg roll open up
open up open up if it nervous about Phil
being an egg no but trust me that's
never an egg what do you say sold Rooney
boy it's the white cream egg that's not
that was it really
why is he complaining this is my show
egg it's an actual egg my eyes the white
cream egg
but wait Martin there's more Wow
oh no I did not know that was gonna
happen seriously mom told me to do it
honestly mine you said you wanted the
white cream egg so why not be you got
the white cream egg you know I deserve
justice bald people shouldn't be picked
on like this five four three
oh please you please find out oh I
didn't think that one through did I wait
my you think you're ugly again oh no yes
go free now
well I guess at the end of the day we
all found the white cream egg it may not
have been the white cream egg we wanted
but at least we got the white cream egg
and we all got a little bit eggy guys if
you're new to the channel remember to go
down there and smash that subscribe
button like an egg smash it like I
smashed the egg on Martin's head and
also guys if you want to be shouted out
in my next video comment down below like
the video and of course make sure you're
subscribed guys thank you soon for
watching remember to stay updated
newmich is coming soon and i'll see you
in my next video peace out
