okay boys and girls is time up for the
final wall okay Morgan Anastasia saffron
vodka and me hmm
I can't wait to see what all my favorite
youtubers are uploading on their YouTube
channels today wait what a video with me
in the from now wait wait wait hold on a
minute
isn't that the same person that says I
click BAE and use other people for views
oh wait I swear this is like the third
video she's made with me in it right
maybe I should check how many views it's
got wait what is already got more views
than her last video hmm I wonder what I
could do about this moans listen up she
says you used her the views but then she
made three videos all about you I think
I know what you gotta do bro you've got
to use her for views and do the same
video as her you know what alter ego
morphs I think I know what I gotta do
well that's flipping do it hello guys
and welcome back to another video that I
never thought I'd ever be doing Keira do
you want to tell them what we're gonna
be doing today yeah I'm gonna be
snogging marrying and avoiding people I
have no clue what's going down in this
video I'm just gonna say that now now
I'm joined with my ex today just to
spice things up a little bit
hi do you want to introduce yourself
like everybody here doesn't already know
you I'm Cara Mia Morgan we are friends
just friends but yeah you guys send me a
lot of interesting people and we're
gonna be snug marrying and avoiding all
of them in this video so it's probably
gonna get a little bit crazy watch to
the end is going down
now guys ever since the blood went out
my hair load have you've been saying
moles you need to dye your hair a new
color and to be honest guys I don't
really want to do it but if this video
gets 20,000 likes guys I promise you I
will dye my hair the way this color ever
everyone go down there and blitz rate
that like button
I wouldn't seem open with green hair
because he's gonna look so ugly I didn't
feel it but I mean yeah it's on second
thought I don't wanna have green hair
please don't like the video because this
video is literally so crazy one of my
favorite apps quit came along and
sponsored it because of course quit a
flipping legends now quit isn't up what
you can open cards stickers gifts and
figures from some of your favorite shows
like Marvel and five nights at Freddy's
did I don't else used to get really
really scared of that game I know I
definitely did you can build your
sticker collection collecting all the
new stickers that come out and one of my
favorite features is you can send your
stickers on iMessage to all of your
friends or in my case you can send them
to your mum because I don't have any
friends the link to Queen will be in the
description and also my username is down
there so you can add me up and we can
obviously trade but yeah guys I think
it's time we teleport Kiera back in
there and get this video started you
know she's buying let's get into it
first mom a little violet Oh Aaron
coaster whoo
the one with the books oh hey that's
Kara Bridget the one with the know that
the one with that the one with the the
one with the dark hair I'm gonna
probably marry Erica Castile because I
feel like I'd probably avoid summer-rae
because that bully kind of scares me
well I feel like if she likes on me I
was like die I'm like quite small boy
believe
like I don't know I feel like if she saw
me I'd like died I'm saying and then
that means obviously I would snog over
sir violet okay my first one for Kiera
I'm kicking it off with a bit of a bang
firstly you've got Pogo secondly you've
got Bruno and thirdly you've got
Sherlock your dog but I would marry a
dog Oh Mary sherlach
because I have to spend every single day
with him and he's the only one out of
all and I'm not allergic to one of
them's got to be avoided one of them's
got to be snogged
is it Pogo or is it Bruno is it the og
Bruno or is it the new face on the scene
the the celebrity Pogo only because I'm
less allergic to Bruno than Pogo and
you'll give me a less fresh so you're
saying Pogo is avoided forever he's a
baby
B so wrong what's my next one what's my
next one I'm kind of nervous
nightfall oh I feel and interesting
choices they're interesting choices
look you feel like it must be weird if
like your home just minding your own
business well like a 20 year old female
and then you log on to YouTube and see
little 16 year old babyface mugs looking
like he's 12
well I like the snug you this challenge
is just seems a bit weird to me can you
imagine like these grown women just sat
down probably all with like boyfriends
and or married but they're on the
computer you know they're just browse
and see what contents on YouTube they
click on a video and they see little
pretty more so you want us to snog them
you know what I probably avoid Tana just
because tano is one of the main reasons
like Kira got subscribers and I don't
want anyone else near my life Nick hair
one care is enough bro hey-oh
Ozzy landahl Sniper Wolf they've both
got more subscribers than me so tiny be
humiliating but I guess I gotta pick one
you know what
it has to be as you learned for what
because you know she lives with clever
cop and I've caused one of my Rico
Soames of course snog sniper dog wolf
wolf wolf okay here's an interesting one
here are you ready we've got two Jake's
and one Logan any guesses Jake Mitchell
Jake Paul and Logan Paul why are you
saying after all the drama recently
you've got to take that into
consideration well controversy aside
Logan for is hundred to send the most
attractive one but that's just like
personal preference because I have a
massive crush on him however if I were
see at death Leo and like die I feel
like he'd film me and I just can't put
up with that in a relationship I want a
guy he's gonna come to my funeral and
pay me with respects and put flowers by
my grave not vlog my eight corpse so I'm
gonna have to avoid Logan right now oh
no one J he's gotta be married one J
it's gotta be snogged
what's it gonna be brah okay I'm
thinking long term here I'm a cast-out
probably won't be very happy if I go and
marry off her boyfriend I could kiss
Jake and maybe we could do some kind of
like who's the best kisser kissing
challenge I'd like get some I can't be
you know um you could do it you could do
it who's the better kisser with Jake hey
Greg Paul Labrecque photo so Jake so
jakey Mitchell's getting the merrier
yep I don't see it lasting very long you
farted against cussing Morgan my filming
day expose me to just think so bad just
quiet the cameras on more we have to saw
it was it buddy just slipped out
lighter cushy mm-hmm Lele pons monopoles
and the cabbage oh I'm the gabbie show
oh these are some interesting choices
right now yeah
firstly I am gonna have to avoid because
I do own a few wigs in the house and if
ever I do like your hair donation maybe
you should like just yeah I don't know
oh so why Zach oh she and Gabi show well
I think it's a love is so the gabbie
show has kind of had an emo phase right
yeah I feel like I also have an emo
phase Sophie maybe me and the gabbie
show could have a big email face
together so I guess I'm gonna have to go
in marry the GAVI show and just kiss
David do extend so he's probably at mad
at me oh well
move it on okay switching up a bit now
ksi Deji all wrote ashore I've got a
void edgy oh cool what's dad you ever
done to you
they just thought nothing um to be fair
he's this truck was really good but he
just got less sobs know about the
subscale I don't know them on a personal
level that's all I've got to go I kiss
care sigh because I feel like that can
make for very interesting story time I
kiss case I know keep a life with it so
then that leaves the last one which is
by my side okay
in real life okay
movie going okay okay
we have long gray long great yeah yeah
baby area baby erielle really you to
have like low key beef is she almost
took am I such a senior position funny
story about this guy is she talked my
most subscribed 16 your position
on YouTube but then she turned 17 I'm
still those guys easy no baby I'm not
getting some very fast but I'm up there
I'm keeping it until someone comes up
and knocks me off but for now I also
just graduated year-olds until baby oil
comes by guillotine baby room
she has movies in you she's like 12 mm
okay
avoid let's just nope that's not how I
roll no feel like if I marry baby
Arielle we can be like the most
subscribed 16 year olds or 17 year olds
you know and then obviously I'd have to
kiss Lauren gray but on the cheek
because underage okay this one's gonna
be a little bit weird Kiera
but hey you know first one is rice cool
second one is Donald flipping chum and
then the third one is balls
Martin is flipping Morten rice come
chump
Oh buddy balls Martin's very selfish
however did avoid Martin for obvious
reasons it's a whole like you know he
sleeps in the same bed as your mom
coughing that just kind of puts me off I
kiss rice just because then I guess I
have to marry Trump but purely because
why would you marry children nuclear war
is inevitable kids but we're gonna be
obliterated okay that's enough nice
ground let's do it
Danielle Bugatti they catch me outside
girl how about ahh we've got your nan
what young man my nan yes and we've got
moths mum i I can't marry my Nana on my
mom or kiss my nan on my mom can we do
it to avoid you know I'm married
Danielle hit me let's make a song
together and that's it touch it off for
that round bro but would you rather
snog marry or a boy
saffron Barker Anastasia or me oh damn
I'm only oh sorry if you do what
Johansson if I do yeah that's all good
shake it you have a deal okay why is it
gonna be Kara
I am literally Oh God
Oh kiss you okay okay yeah yeah that's
cool before it would be you know you'd
be okay you'd be a little bit a little
bit weird but we do it you know we get
for what wait that means I have to marry
one of them Mariana says here before was
it like I'm gonna marry on stage yeah oh
my gosh so that means avoids that fun
that was easy
do you know what I'm gonna do yeah I
know what I have to do this savage
morgg's mode is about to come on I'm
gonna avoid Anastasia I'm gonna avoid
saffron and I'm gonna void cheers okay
okay I bought please don't hate me guys
I would probably yeah I would probably
kiss Keira I guess well I'd probably
stay avoided on the other two I never
saw myself do anything like this but it
was new so I mean heck if you enjoyed it
I was pretty cool also I have a question
for you guys that are watching to the
end of the video and still watching
right now would you snog marry or avoid
me Pogo and Kara comment down below
right now in the conversation guys smash
the like other video right now if you're
me
I don't really know if I want you to buy
a yo if you don't wait to get dyed hair
that I guess do it I guess
I'd also guys remember to subscribe to
the channel if you're new by clicking
the know the other one
oh just like button guys thank you so
much for watching and as always I BMO's
you beep know you think you can Kara
they've been awesome awesome I don't see
how in my next video peace out
