guys listen or I guarantee you are not
gonna believe this
this guy got a Lamborghini for his
birthday
and this was his reaction I wanted
yellow parents soaked I mean bro if you
err if you don't want the Lamborghini
I'll take it off your hands
you know it may not be yellow but that's
okay for me hello guys and welcome back
to another video today we're going to be
looking at some of the most annoying and
douchey rich kids snapchats loads you
guys have been asking me to do another
video on this so get ready guys fasten
your seat belts you're in for a lot of
cringe so I've got a question for you
guys how do you usually go to school
comment down below what form of
transport you use to get to school is it
is a car is it a bus maybe even a train
and now look at what this guy just
forget to school a private jet and a red
carpet to be honest though guys I don't
even think a private jet would get me
out of bed in the morning to go to
school buying a Rolex in every city my
only has he got loads more watches than
you could possibly use he's gonna got
the most expensive watch you can get oh
my god you guys aren't gonna believe
this next one just before I show you
this one guys if you're not already
following me on snapchat right now
aren't ya I'm not gonna lie guys I post
some pretty cringy stuff on there but
but hopefully not cringes these guys my
snapchat as you can see guys is mogs
Hudson if you follow me on that and then
send me a message I'm gonna do my best
to DM you all back after this video
one more thing guys this is really
really important
team orgs this is officially the first
day of the super sale on all of my merch
there is currently 25% of my merchandise
absolutely everything in the show phone
cases jumpers t-shirts for guys time is
already running out on the sale and
loads of you guys are copying the merch
tons of stuff is already selling out so
if you want to get some merch for 25%
off the link is in the description or go
to www.deewr.gov.au/rjcp
you know a little bit sick that's fine
maybe had a runny nose or maybe he got
the flu but you'll never guess what I
used to wipe his nose hate being sick
he took the tissues out of the box and
replaced them with 500 just one of those
notes could have bought 500 boxes of
tissues bro what isn't made for pot nose
as money as it made for what he knows as
what it is use of tissues the money is
actually less absorbent than the tissues
though so he was really laughing yeah
well you know what bro you keep using
your money we'll keep using our tissues
am i right guys hashtag tissue squad in
the comment section below get it down
there brah
why is it with all these kids getting
private jets to school I had to walk I
to walk down why did I have a private
jet just because I wanted a private jet
I've never been on a private jet my life
and these guys get what every single day
is cool I ran out of paper Brad he could
have just gone to the shop and bought
some more paper for like a pound but
instead he used his 1,000 pound MacBook
I have absolutely no words for this one
this is seriously starting to hurt my
flippin brain at this point I almost
cried when I got a scratch on my macbook
and it was like that big these guys are
over here just buddy drawing on them
he's right in his maps on his macbook
wife that was like homework
hello Jimmy can I see your maths
homework please
yes mrs. Cena I I didn't have any paper
though so I've just I've just got my
macbook over here couldn't you have just
used paper Johnny that would have
probably saved you a lot more money
yes but I'm really rich and going out
and getting paper is way too much effort
so I just wanted to do on my laptop nah
guys you're never gonna believe
this guy had to get a new Lamborghini
because he destroyed his honestly I've
never seen damage like this before I
mean would you look at that he got a bit
of water a bit of rain a bit of rain on
his Lamborghini he's gonna have to get a
new one now there's no way he can fix
that the damage done to his Lamborghini
there it just gets me angry
for real though it's just a bit of rain
bro like seriously you don't need a new
Lamborghini needed something to level my
share on so we used his iPad his mac
book and his other iPad bro that chair
looks like it was about ten pound
couldn't you maybe just got a bad chair
or like a bear rug rather than using
your Mac books and iPads like come on
bro couldn't decide so daddy got me all
five like seriously just why why do you
need them like ya couldn't decide so
mummy got me both of them no this guy is
playing real-life paper toss with
20-pound notes OH
why would you do that oh just give it to
me I'll take it this is hard to look at
okay this is hard to look at
it's called paper toss for a reason
because you do it with paper not money
mum said no crumbs on the floor so he
used his eye Mac there's a list of
things you could have used instead of
your iMac which would have been easier
cheaper less messy I'm just better a tea
towel a tablecloth a rug mats you could
have just actually sat at a table to eat
it rather than in the middle of the
floor
flying with plebs is the worst thing
ever like seriously guys on a moment of
actual series in this for a minute here
this is like one of the main things I
hate seeing I hate when people do you
know just as soupy 'pl I like worse than
you just because they have less money
right because the Geezer sign in front
of you that doesn't have a Rolex on it
doesn't mean he's any worse than you or
less better than you in any way in fact
by the look of it from that snapchat
he's probably a much better person than
you'll ever be you know it's fine to
wear expensive watches on that but it
doesn't mean you're like better than
anyone else oh god they're back again
using money as tissues just what is the
point please just use some limit issues
with the money that's there you could
literally have a lifetime supply of
tissues no poor kids allowed oh yeah he
seems like a really nice dude someone
you want to be friends with her off to
play a spot of ruger you can definitely
tell this guy's a rich kid because of
the way speaking off to play a spot over
a girl does anybody want to come no he's
wealthy the time we got to play it by
himself like bro you know you know no
one cares bro no one cares a week's
pockets money brah I wish that was my
flippin week's pocket money you know
what guys
subscribe to the channel right now if
you haven't already and you never know
maybe this will be your pocket money
next week only $2,100 for birthday sad
face thanks dad oh he just gave you
$2,100 how could you miss I swear i'm
actually getting triggered I didn't
think I was gonna get triggered from
this but this is actually annoying me
modes are not for me he says that while
flying in a private helicopter you know
well roads are cool okay so you miss it
now roads welds are works at bro roads
are hot I have absolutely no words for
this one ladies and gentlemen you know
because why use a knife when you can use
an iPad an i-pad to cut a piece of cake
I mean come on is that really necessary
yeah this guy took a photo of Paul and
Andy poor peasants life you know what
bro I'm proud to say I'll shop at pal
land why because he's got some great
flippin deals like you know you can go
around paying like hundred pounds for a
bottle of water
I'll stick to my free for a pound Paul
and water bro it's you that's missing
out on then tasty deals am i right guys
had to destroy the old iphone 4s and
he's using a big bottle of I don't even
know what thighs to play pool with I
well guys that was the most annoying
rich kid snapchats
I swear I've never been more triggered a
video like this is making me mad
especially the guy who said he got a
Lamborghini and he didn't even want it
because it was the wrong car like these
things I do for a Lamborghini bro and
you don't even want it because it's the
wrong color
ah guys if you've enjoyed remember to go
down there and smash a like on the video
and also subscribe to the channel if you
want me to do a part two to this or
actually part brutalist where we look at
even more rich kid snap just because
there's so many more out there it's
ridiculous also guys once again the
merch
super sale has just started guys it's
already selling out with some stuff
believe it or not has already sold out
and the sells only been live for like a
few hours so if you want to get yourself
some juicy
get 25% off the merch on our biggest
sale ever now is the perfect time to do
so before everything sells out the link
to that will be in the description below
or you can just go to
www.mobileaustinnotary.com
