so me and Kara have just had a bit of
food we've had a chat haven't we
yeah I thought you guys about it once we
get back to the hotel just to clarify do
you want to tell them tea mugs
I'm currently repping the pranking merch
and you guys know what that only means
one thing here on the mauck's Channel
five minutes later
bogan
you can do the intro I do know gosh the
intro video today my favorite emotional
district the worst song ever it's
ridiculous
no is noise a great song notes now
everybody loved the moves mom distract
no they didn't I didn't I'm not
everybody
I mean I am everybody I mean I'm
somebody who's part of everybody no what
are you talking about my guys today is
gonna be late let's get started today
they asked me for a name and I said no
and look what they put on it pogs
who the hell is pokes since what is my
name in pogs I
what's happened okay okay okay all jokes
aside I think we need to snap into
serious more mood because I need to tell
you guys what's actually going down in
today's video because as you can see by
the title at the forum now that is not
clickbait
that is actually happening in this video
so let me snap into serious mobs mode so
I can explain oh okay okay serious morph
mode has been activated so as you guys
know at the moment I've been going
through something and you guys have to
which it's kind of new to me and new
tools also I was dating Kira another
youtuber for about three months until a
few things led to another and we decided
to have a break from each other
and breakup it's now been about I think
it's been about two weeks now since we
actually broke up and over these two
weeks it's been a tough time for me I
don't know about her I don't really
spoke to her since but I'm pretty sure
it's been tough for her too and yet
today what's basically happening is I'm
going up to London to stay in a hotel
however since I was in London I feel
like me and Kara should maybe meet up
and just basically try and talk about
the situation the problem with social
media guys is it so hard to actually
like express yourselves and obviously
mean care are at the best place right
now we've completely broken up we're not
speaking but I thought and she thought
maybe it was the right thing to just
meet up just to speak just to see how we
feel so that's what's gonna be going
down in today's video the main reason I
decided to do this and the main reason I
decided to ask her to do this was just
because a few you guys on Twitter and
all the other social medias in the
comment section have you been thinking
we've been like beefing and stuff
firstly I just want to make sure in
person that me and Cara aren't beefing
because I never wanted to be Kara as I
said this was a mutual breakup those
never any beef involved so yeah guys
that's what's going down
in today's video but I think what we
need to do right now is snap back into
you know Norman walks mode 3 2 1 no
don't do it no no Morgan no is there a
way I can slap you back into serious
mogs mode I don't know try it guys just
I'm so serious right now
this is so much better myself seeing as
we're back in normal mogs mode let's
play a little game but what I want you
to do is scrunch up your face as much as
you can just scrunch up your eyes trust
me do it the game is counting the
wrinkles you guys remember the iPhone
giveaway right of course you do it's all
you guys have been asking me for like
the past month
Lou Jimmy the same will happen to the
iPhone giveaway and the iPhone giveaway
is right here wrapped ready to be sent
off to the winner see guys I don't fake
giveaways ok that's who I don't that
gave away now bro now that I since I've
gave that way now that means we now have
no active giveaways running on the
channel and I think that's a problem so
guys if we can smash 25,000 likes on
this video I will do another giveaway
and also comment down below what you
want me to actually give away maybe an
iPad maybe an iPhone maybe a flipping my
ball and finally guys remember if you're
not ready to go down there and
a subscribe button to join team logs so
you don't miss out on all the giveaways
and this dope content bro it's the new
year now and I'm gonna be hating you
guys with so much amazing content so if
you're not subscribed you are missing
out bro and also guys one more thing
well I put up two fingers then so one
more thing next week starting from
Monday all the way through to Sunday I
am gonna be doing my biggest ever sail
on the merch all the merch is going to
be 25% off the biggest sale I've done
before that was 10% it starts next week
guys start from Monday all the way
through to Sunday get it broke down
get your alarm set the merch sale is
coming baby
no hello hello hi why are you saying
that oh my gosh you're not filming it
yeah I'm filming mom why did you do it
if you didn't want it to be in the vlog
she said I just want to practice that
the vision and the sounds working hi
guys it's mom yeah we all we also do you
all hello hello guys we just pulled up
to the train station quick story right
story time revolves no obviously I took
scare earlier to arrange the time and
guys it's not been good so far I've kind
of fell asleep and I'm kind of a little
bit late right now
we aren't even being too Mike don't know
we haven't even been summoned all this
time so you guys can't get mad at me but
yeah are you ready for this guys I'm
gonna do a different transition to usual
I'm gonna slap myself in the face but
instead of going into serious pause mode
I'm gonna go into the board mode three
two one
guys I don't think I slap myself hard
enough so let's give this another girl
this still did it work we made er okay
boys and girls just checked in to the
hotel the hotel room guys I'm gonna show
you that a little bit later on because
I'm not gonna lie guys something pretty
crazy has happened they put me in a
disabled room which means like the room
is all a lowly crazy and stuff like I
didn't even ask them to do I'm gonna
give you a room tour of it later on
so watch till the end of the video guys
gonna be pretty damn funny
so yeah boys and girls what's happening
right now is I'm actually going out to
meet Kara I'm gonna probably not feel
much of this because you know it's just
not really something that you know needs
to be filmed obviously we're gonna be
having like a serious conversation about
you know like the beef and everything
and everything understand where things
are we're gonna go get some food
somewhere guys so yeah I guess let's uh
let's do this so me and Kara have just
had a bit of food we've had a chat
haven't we yeah I thought you guys about
it once we get back to the hotel
just to clarify do you want to tell them
so that everybody knows there's no beef
between us is there so for the last time
Kirra fans stop hating on me my fans
stop hating on Kara
we're okay guys but yeah I really hope
everybody obviously understands the
situation and you know hopefully one day
we'll be able to resolve it I guess yeah
so guys that was pretty eventful however
you guys remember how earlier I said
that the hotel basically kind of bugged
me off a little bit asked for you know
just a standard room and basically
apparently I think they've gave me a
disabled room but I don't really know
why I mean let me show you how this
place and then after that I'll ever
taught you about what just went down
with Kara dole
kind of thin ten toilet paper normal
paper pug life okay available from wwwo
show toilet so and finally the best part
of the entire room guys I'm not too sure
what the hell that was but let me show
you some other stuff in this room first
of all this is the shower
honestly I've got no clue why they posed
in this room but it's got like towels
and like this stuff in the shower so I
mean I mean I guess I can sit down and
take your shower that's pretty cool
well guys single handedly the worst part
of this room is we've got the blinds
covering a window well there's just no
windows it does not been there what the
hell guys literally the definition of
real life clickbait no guys I said I was
gonna talk to you about what happened
with me and Kara obviously I only got
one clip at the end I only really did
that just to show you that we did in
fact meet up whoever got steak it was
pretty nice at this nice place obviously
she lives near here Idaho tell her which
I'm actually at by myself in for like
the first time ever when am I ever in
hotels by myself I can do whatever I
want
ah okay motel neighbors probably hate me
now but oh well so yeah basically guys
me and Kara had I've ever talked
actually it was a long talk we were
literally just non-stop talking for
about an hour but obviously I told her I
was gonna make this video to update you
guys she said that's fine I think she
said you were gonna do something similar
I'm not really sure loads of you was
saying that you know me and Cara were
beefing and arrows like loads of beef
between us those people pick inside you
know care of versus marks and it seemed
like the only people that were actually
beefing was like you guys like Harris
fans of my friends like me and Cara
whenever really defend we told you guys
I told you guys Cara talked to you guys
and this was a mutual decision I talked
about more about that later but yeah me
and Cara firstly we were speaking about
just confirming between us that there
was not any beef there's no beef between
us we're both fine right obviously can't
speak for her but I think we are both
missing each other I mean I really
enjoyed seeing her obviously a lot of it
was just was talking but it was nice
just to see her again obviously I'm not
sure if she feels the same but I think
she had a good time I guess but
first thing I want to clarify is we have
no beef guys me and Cara are fine
that doesn't mean you know we're best
friends again that doesn't mean we're
back together the second thing I was
gonna say was don't make any assumptions
from this guys you know we're okay we're
cool we're not enemies but you know that
doesn't mean with our best friends again
it doesn't mean went out together again
because we're not again I'm not saying
that we never will be because quite
frankly at this point I've already said
a few times that I'm missing her so
maybe in the future we could work out
but for now the most important thing is
just making sure that we both understand
that there's no beef between those
making sure that you guys understand
that there is no beef between us we are
okay guys I know you guys want to look
out for me and honestly I appreciate
that so much you guys
just always look out for me always just
being the best subscribers ever always
trying to do what's best for me but what
you guys sometimes don't understand is I
vlog and do videos every single day I
think this is like my 40th day in a row
now uploading like it's a lot of words
but not only that because honestly the
work is the best part
I love this I love this I've been doing
this for four years now I'm still loving
every moment of it I won't swap this for
anything acting no singing no nothing I
want no I literally this has always been
the only thing but I wanted to do but
when you do videos as often as I do you
don't get much privacy so like
everything I do goes through you guys so
if I'm daily vlogging and you know mean
care and break up it's almost I have to
share them with you guys because one I
don't wanna hide it from you and two
because I can't just continue to go on
my day as if nothing happened that's
just unhealthy so obviously you guys are
seeing you know 10 minutes of my life
every single day and I understand that a
lot of you can make some judgements from
that obviously you guys you don't think
in the main care of be finding in their
enemies I just wanted to reassure you
guys that we are not enemies
we're not be fit were okay and at this
point I still can't say what will happen
with the future but all I'm saying is
I'm missing Kara and I guess it was a it
was nice to talk to her and have a
conversation it's been the first time in
a few weeks
oh yeah guys where I am gonna wrap up
video team molds if you've enjoyed
remember to go down and smash that like
button 10,000 likes on this video
seriously like the like buttons down
there like come on if you haven't
pressed it like y-bar wide please likes
thankfully guys if you're new to the
channel and me to go down there and
smash that subscribe button to join
cheap moths 2018 is gonna be a big year
for us guys and if you don't subscribe
you're gonna be missing out also guys
next week Monday to Sunday I am doing my
super sale guys 25% off of everything on
the bitch stole however the match team
have just told me that there is limited
stock available guys so if you want some
stuff 25% off be quick the serious
Monday his get on the side because is
gonna sell out quick
the merge teen think moves is gonna be
sold out by like the second or third day
so if you want some merch for 25% off in
the super sale and you're gonna have to
be quick get its annual arms get your
knows where it's coming guys Morse code
thank y'all so much for watching and
I'll see you in my next video peace out
