hello we were supposed to be to them my
name is John Cena no he's not
you don't look like John Cena no my name
is John Cena I have been a professional
been watcher for the last 27 years of my
life and I regret to inform you that
today is the day of the the bit not the
epochal the bit of pop polyps
I've been studying phenology my entire
life I've been warning you for years and
nobody listened to me but today is the
day where the bins finally begin their
attack of the world I'm making this
video to or you need to watch this video
you need to listen to my advice I am an
expert can we stop them Morgan do you
know what to do my name's John there's
no stopping the bins
we've got to try all we can do is defend
ourselves now the apocalypse has already
begun if you don't know what I'm talking
about
supply seals of pure chaos absolute
unimaginable destruction is happening
outside
in these times of war self but please do
your best and when help came hmm my dog
had gone the bins the business had taken
my dog I don't know what to do
is there any way to to get my dog back
is there any way to stop the bins once
have been a cop ellipse has begun
there's no way to stop it
or you can do is hide
follow me follow me
I think the hair
guys where's the chain where's the Tang
where's the Tang now I've shown you
they've been Apocalypse Now
this time for us to go out and try and
help some innocent civilians and warn
them about what is coming near them I'm
sorry for the graphic scenes in this
video poor old lady this is very real
and we need to we need to warn as many
people as we can we're about to go back
into the wilderness right now the wind
is terrible the whole world is coming to
an end right now we're gonna go see if
we can find some bins see if we can
warns and locals where's your microphone
John the bins took it so now I've got to
speak to my hand as you can see the bins
are everywhere they're taken over the
streets they're falling around absolute
chaos out here we need to begin phase
one we need to warn the locals
oh my goodness oh my goodness oh my
goodness he's ready to attack the bins
against Martha the head around the
corner waited the pickles the neck spray
the pin vision as you can see the
streets are being ransacked destroyed
and taken over by the bins however we
need to get to safety so we're gonna go
back inside and hide out for as long as
we can and try and survive the bin
invasion camerawoman
stay here I'll go in first and check the
location make sure everything is safe
okay
what do I do John you know in my defense
they do say YouTube is supposed to be a
place where you've been absolute weirdo
you do what comes to your mind and you
just create random storm apparently what
comes to my mind is bins taking over the
world
I am a really really weird kid guys as
you know today is really stormy the wind
is crazy and earlier today me more went
on a drive and we were driving around
and we just saw bins everywhere there's
just bins knocked over bins flying about
in the wind in the middle of the road
you guys always asked me to bring back
this skit so remember to comment down
below if you enjoyed this skin and if
you want me to do more skit just like
this let's try and smash 10,000 light on
this video I just want to say thank you
for all the support thank you for
allowing me to create these really weird
videos and hopefully enjoy their babies
just been downright bizarre and just a
little bit weird but hey that's who I am
that's me
bizarre and weird so I hope you enjoy
these guys thank you so much for
watching drop a like on the video
subscribe to the channel cut yourself
some pull live match and remember to
come back tomorrow for another video
because it's 6 p.m. every single day as
always I've been bored you've been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out
