write down an example of a risk a risk
is when you do something daring which
could have maybe consequences I mean
that's what I'd write now let's see what
this kid wrote down this that's not even
Chi in the system master speed of
footprints Savage
hello guys are welcome back to another
video today we're gonna be taking a look
at some hilarious kids who just cheered
the system I know probably much smarter
than me because I'm not very small so
sit back relax get your merch on grab
yourself a drink
and let's let me do this so the question
here is name these 2d shapes I see a
square is the rectangle a circle is that
hence again but wait this person has
decided to just actually name the shapes
hello Jade the square oh look guys it's
Charlie the rectangle it's Emily the
triangle what a beautiful day and I tell
you what you can't forget about Maria me
okay I'm not I'm not sure what that's
I'm not sure what that shape is some
sure guys some of your parents have been
like Jimmy don't go outside or Chris
don't go in that room if there's any
jimmies or chris is watching this show
to you well this kid took that to the
next level his parents told him to not
sell outside this was his solution I
mean he isn't Santa for I'm sorry I'm a
funny story about when I tried to do
something similar to this my bedtime
used to be 9 o'clock
but one night I was just not tired and I
just did not want to go asleep so I
changed the time on my phone to an hour
earlier and I actually tricked my
parents but then they checked their
phones and I got grounded so it probably
wasn't the best decision after all what
country owns Greenland brackets hence
it's not Greenland hint it's not
Greenland okay so there's no green ones
here on this kid whoever wrote this
right shoutout to you you are not a
little Savage well you're a small Savage
bro
wanna be more like this kid oh my gosh I
swear this one is probably these smiles
one yeah I didn't even understand this
one when I was reading it it shows how
much smaller this kid is than me look at
this right here he's doing a true all
fault on his test and instead of crying
true or false he wrote the same word
into white look at that guy's he will
chew unfold in the same word I want that
man to be the president I want that man
to be the mayor that man that kid
however old is deserves to run the
country he is so small I wish I was that
smart why God I be that small when I was
in school I couldn't even do basic maths
than this kids how it just change the
system and just get lighter
number four we keep going with these
hilarious kids I want to ask you guys
have you ever done anything like that
when you beat this system it could be
something you did in school it could be
something you did at home or it could
just be something where you would just
smile and just outsmart them I want you
guys there comment down below if you've
ever beat the system and tell me what
you did I'm gonna be read in the
comments okay this next one I warn you
is flippin hilarious so sometimes in
school when you'd like hand along essay
into teachers they often like don't read
them all so this kid was like how can I
beat the system so halfway through his
essay on the second half of it this is
why you're oh I'm already bored with
this topic it's far less interesting
than I at home I really don't want to
finish this essay and I'm fairly sure
you don't read them all so I'm just
gonna point upwards down to make it seem
like I wrote a lot while I kill time I
know I'm just making random noises but
like one of mine
haha mine's a funny chime lime ha dude
you know has lime in it spry is like
lemon-lime this dude is talking about
sprite in an essay to his teacher are
you flipping kidding me so check out
this one guys this kid's mama put a lock
on his draw but obviously that the guy
couldn't get into the job did the kid go
and steal the key no did the kid go beg
his mom to take the lock off
no did the kid smash into the door no he
simply removed the drawer above the
locked one and then he was free to get
as much stuff from the drawer as he
wanted by brain if that was me I'd just
be like well no get in the drawer like I
want to be as far as these kids but so
you guys know them toys that you often
give to like young kids where they've
got shapes and blocks which only match
the shapes so for example you've got the
square block which could only go in the
square hole you know you can do it how
you're supposed to and find the right
shapes but this little girl found a way
to be a savage and just cheat the system
but she's struggling she can't find the
one she can't find the square she's
having a tough time she just removes the
lid she just removes the lid this girl
looks about one year old and she's
already smarter than I will ever be I
was like kinder would sit there for
hours trying to match up the shape I
just couldn't do it but this girl is
just putting me to shame
so this kid's parents told him to play
games outside probably because he plays
a lot of video games you know maybe go
outside play some football maybe whoa
hold on hold on they told him to play
games outside they didn't say what games
you just took his computer outside this
kid is Savage so I'm not sure if this
girl really beat the system but I think
the system kind of beat her on some
spray cans it says you know like spray
15 centimeters away it's just like a
rough estimate
this girl got a ruler and started
measuring 15 centimeters I'm not sure
it's really that serious but I mean do
what you want to do oh yes Bobby has
four dimes amy has thirty pennies which
child has more money Bobby and that's
correct well done he sees answer smart
that's cool that's mine
how do you know show your thinking this
kid drew himself as a stick man thinking
with the word Bobby in a thought bubble
I mean he he technically did show his
thinking so it's no bicycle riding
no rollerblading no roller skating no
skateboarding no scooter riding but they
didn't say nothing about unicycling this
flippin kid is a genius so we're in a
shop right and there's a sign which says
pick up line where you can pick up your
deliveries all collections or whatever
someone got a sticky note and stop on a
pick-up line to the pickup line sign did
it hurt when you fell now this is
hilarious I said my name was Mark
Twitter see us fine let's see what
Starbucks row talk talk it's not gonna
be Mars with this is avery names
I've never seen a single person in the
world tall talk everybody drop like
right now and subscribe and everybody
comment in the comment section
hashtag car choose a name for your
character choose wisely as it can be
changed later I don't think the game
meant literally choose wisely like oh my
god now this toilet has a sign which
says please check if you forced you know
just you know try to keep the toilets
clean nothing wrong with I get the high
G not that's all fun and games that's
cool right that's fine but I don't think
they meant actually check the piece of
paper
if you flushed I think they meant check
the toilet
oh my brain if your dog does a poo
please put it in the litter bin
I think they meant the poo not the
actual dog I told my five-year-old he
could watch TV as soon as the a half of
his hot dog I mean he did eat half of
his hot dog you can't say he didn't he
technically did it but he may have just
been easier to just eat half of it not
actually down the bed whatever he gets
to watch TV that's all that matters
oh my gosh this single-handedly takes
savage to a whole new level this kid
dressed up as his mom to try and get his
phone bike from his school guys when I
used to go to school so many times I
would have my phone confiscated right
guys what want you to do is leave a like
on the video if you've ever had your
phone caller scared from you in school
if only out of thought to you know just
dress up as big Jill Hudson it would
have all been fine guys if you've
enjoyed this video and you want to see
more of the most savage kids on the
Internet remember drop a like on this
video if we get 10,000 lives I'll do
another one of these videos and also
guys your members copies up some pub
live merch take the year off with a bang
there's gonna be so much much coming out
the mesh squad is growing so fast and if
you're not part of the merch one you
truly missing hours it's the best kind
why you're not bother yeah my finally
guys tea mugs are only going up this
year we are taking over so if you're new
to the channel remember to go down there
and smash that subscribe button and
finally guys I am literally under 1,000
followers off of 500k on Instagram
this video ends I want you to go to my
Instagram link in the description follow
me on there and I'm gonna be DMing all
of you guys to follow me I'm following
you back once we hit 500,000 boulders
thank you guys all so much for watching
and as always I've been most you've been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out don't mind to boo me
food guys food well means come off food
hang on I'm not finished yet
oh yes bro oh and the Oasis yeah enjoy
thanks Baldy
