now her video is called the worst day of
my life she'd gone the wrong train which
added a whole whopping 30 minutes she
had to wait longer to get to London and
so did I absolute worst day of my life
and she had to wear the same clothes two
days in a row I can't think of anything
worse than that
ladies and gentlemen boys and girls
things are about to get juicy one minute
into the video and I've already made a
terrible joke ah no good start
hello guys and welcome back to another
video today I'm back and we're doing
another video that I didn't think I was
gonna be making I was on Instagram
earlier and one of my subscribers
message me like Keira has done a video
talking about you in it and fired shots
so I was like I should probably watch
that and then I go into a channel and it
turns out she's done a story time about
one of the main reasons we broke off but
obviously you guys have been asking me
in our morgues why is the real reason
you broke off and I said I wasn't gonna
say that because there wasn't really one
specific reason there's a bunch of
little things but one of the last things
that happen which kind of drove us to
you know breakup was what happened in
the video Keira made and she didn't
exactly say some parts how they actually
happened
hoods coming down bra let's do this
today of course I'm gonna be watching
this video giving my opinion on it
telling you guys what really happened
and basically yeah it's gonna be an
interesting one now if you're new here
remember to go down there and smash that
subscribe button it is now the new year
and I wanna hopefully hit 5 million
subscribers by the end of this year so I
need all of you guys to team up smash
that subscribe button it's gonna be a
little big things come in for Team mugs
for the prank kings but yeah I don't
want to waste any more of your time
let's get started with this I'm gonna
watch the video again here for you guys
and basically just review it let's go
okay so this
the video guys the worst day of my life
not clickbait now as you guys probably
know by now the number one rule of
storytime youtubers is to skip the first
three minutes of the video and then
you'll get the actual story actually I
can't really say anything I've done
Freeman intros a lot in the past however
guys I have been showing in my intros
recently leave a like if you've noticed
I think some of you have so let's see if
I'm right let's go to three minutes
usually lizards don't let humans pick
them up like you know the tiny little
ones it's like roll around the floor and
they run away from people
well it's okay we haven't got to the
actual story yet so to fill you in guys
without the you know five minutes of
footage which actually I don't actually
say anything this story takes place
after we get back from holiday you guys
know we went on hold it together I've
been it's just before Christmas and yeah
let's see what Kira's got to say we
start our commute to the train station
and Morgan's sites I really want them
McDonald and I make Morgan we can't go
to the drive-thru the train is literally
in like ten minutes it's like 15 minutes
to the drive-thru like we're not gonna
make that firstly okay firstly yes I did
wanna McDonald's but you're gonna have
his McDonald's farm for a story I
actually hadn't eaten that day this was
straight after I woke up and I chose to
go in the train you know so I could
obviously say bye to Cara now the train
station was about ten minutes away from
the McDonald's we were at the McDonald's
and the train came in I remember it was
exactly 18 minutes obviously I thought
McDonald's would take eight whole
minutes to go through a drive-thru and I
specifically ordered something which
didn't need to get anything taken off it
so usually like I get a Big Mac without
some of the sauce or something I ordered
some like nuggets but it turns out guys
the drive-through was absolutely packed
- those about six cars in front of us
but still brought a man hassabis
McDonald's I was hungry bro no no he
insisted
are we gonna go to McDonald's I didn't
even want anything we got that and I was
like nah I don't want anything but I'm
angry I did not want a McDonald's and I
was angry that he was eating this
McDonald so I was getting stressed out
anyway we missed the first train the one
we were supposed to get and ended up
having to get on the flight one that was
five minutes after we wait that we get
on the train and as soon as we got on
the train we realized something's wrong
with this train
so yeah what I'm taking away from that
is
the obviously care wanted to get the
train and everything and in my defense
there was a train that came like 20
minutes after so I was thinking the back
of my mind even if this drive-throughs
packed and it's filled with cars you
know we would have just had to wait 20
minutes extra you know if you want
something in you have an energy food you
know no having that we need to get this
exact train you can't wait 20 minutes so
Morgan get some food
anyway we missed the train and we waited
to get the second train and this
happened I'll let you know the story
time youtuber explained and so we go up
to the late train attendant still don't
know what that's called
and she's like boy there is no first
class on this train so immediately we
think hmm there's something fishy
we both stress out because we don't have
plug sockets which means we can't go on
our laptops which means how we gonna
upload videos eventually the ticket man
comes down the train to like check your
tickets and check you actually board to
take care of why should I go to jail or
something I don't know how it works and
he's like oh so can I see your tickets
and so I whip up my ticket I show it to
him this dude is like boy you're on the
wrong train I don't let no I'm not this
goes to London right and he's like yeah
but the change for London was like a
couple of stops ago and I'm like oh so
yeah guys what had happened is basically
as we were waiting for the train we
should have got on we ended up going on
a different train which came earlier and
we didn't know about this I would have
probably found out I was on my phone the
entire day and he just tried to get a
video up so yeah that was problem number
one we're on the wrong train and the way
we had to get back to London was to get
off and then get on another one our
train to London but then problem number
two happens so apparently sometimes in
train journeys the actual train can just
split in half one carriage goes one way
one carriage goes the other way and it
turns out that Kyra's suitcase was on
the carriage that split and went the
other way to Nottingham and obviously I
was trying to calm her down she was
really stressing out I was like it's
okay Nottingham's on the way home to
Sheffield so I can go get the suitcase
Boyer bear in mind the journey were
actually going on was supposed to be a
real
nice trip this was a 400 pound hotel
they were staying in and yeah it was
supposed to be a really good time so I
was like it's okay we'll just get your
suitcase it's not a problem I mean it's
my deal because obviously all your
stuffs in there
but you all you have to do is wait a day
it's okay just calm down but nope
kara decides to take the anger out on me
so we get to the other train station
which we have to get the train from to
London and we have literally I remember
looking we have 30 minutes to spare
until the train arrives and yeah because
I'm a hungry boy I was starving so I
said babe I'm just gonna go to the
sandwich shop at the train station which
is literally round the corner from my
stop and got a wrap he was like no no
we'll miss it I was like we have
literally got 12 minutes all I want to
do is get a wrap and I know you probably
expecting it to go completely wrong I
may dismiss the other chain but no
that's not what happened
here it deliberately rushed me and
shadley asked the people that were
warming me up the rat to stop warming it
off
just so we could get the train but it
turns out I thought was he in my cold
wrap we got to the platform the train
was coming to and we were 5 minutes
early well you won't believe what
happens next
this really annoyed me like really
annoyed me so we're at the platform a
whole five minutes early
I had my rap even though it was cold I
was still eating I was enjoying it and
then I'm literally not exaggerating
Kiera starts calling me stupid calling
me an idiot for going and getting the
rap saying we could have missed the
train and then what does she do
literally in the middle of the platform
hits the rack out of my hand and it goes
all over the floor literally at this
point there's about five different
people either side of me all looking at
me as my rap is literally laid there
dead on the floor now let's see what
Cara had to say about this situation so
we get off at this stop and we get ready
to change do you want a train to London
so we get off and we realize there's
only a couple of minutes until the train
to London is arriving and what we decide
I'm hungry I went back exaggeration
number one there's only a few minutes
until the train comes 12 minutes
actually
and the reason I'm so certain about it
being 12 minutes is because I remember
actually saying to at 12 minutes and
then counting down the minutes as we
were stood
for the Raptor hito we had five minutes
at the point where Kara asked the people
to stop warming up my rap even though I
only needed one min exit to warm all he
drags me into this little cafe thing and
makes him cook him a rap and this is
taking like three minutes then the train
was actually in like three minutes and I
was freaking out I was getting so angry
I was like I was like telling the staff
I was like stop cooking his rap please
wait we have to get on the train if we
don't go on a show we're not gonna get
to London everyone I'm never gonna see
my case again and I was just really
angry at him it was Germany very bad
exaggeration number two I actually
checked how frequent the trains were to
London from this stop and again that was
one not every 20 minutes this time every
10 minutes so even though I was right we
got the rap we got to the platform with
loads of minutes to spare even if we
hadn't missed it there have been more
terminus up to anyway oh I was so angry
at this point and he was just sort of
like joking around and like teasing me
and just like you know so I was just
like pushing you to the edge you just
think you're gonna like tear up just
yeah he was doing that and so we finally
get this rat and wear it like a couple
of minutes like in literally like it was
scraping getting on this train you
should pushing me and pushing me just
like teasing me and just like mmm so you
know what I do I hit the rap out of his
hand and it falls on the floor and then
I shout at him not one of my proudest
moments because Kara
Bridget's the story time youtuber the
funny Internet comedian can't take being
teased the funniest part of this entire
thing is she waited with me getting my
rap while I paid for it came back to the
platform with me saw there was time for
the Train proving me right and then it
was actually me teasing her which made
her literally hit out my hand waste food
waste money like what the flip is all
with us it was something that needed to
be done him wanting food ruining
everything it was a reason my case was
literally in a foreign land it was the
reason that like probably everyone was
not gonna get Christmas presents for me
this year he just continued
food when he was just ruining my life
I'm inconsiderate for wanting a wrap I'm
inconsiderate for not wanted to get to
the train platform
twelve minutes early they have not to
say to that but that's kind of where
Kara's story type ends however what
happens next was the most important part
of the story now her video is called the
worst day of my life she'd gone the
wrong train which added a whole whopping
30 minutes she had to wait longer to get
to London and so did I absolute worst
day of my life
and she had to wear the same clothes two
days in a row I can't think of anything
worse than that but the part she missed
out was do you know why she was actually
going to London to do on the worst day
of her life stay in a 400 pound hotel
with me and go shopping well I I can't
think of anything harder to have to go
through than that kara I can't think of
a worse situation to be him that having
to go and night in London with no
clothes in a 400 pound hotel who could
poor with that worst day of my life
not clickbait you'd have to literally be
the queen for that to be the worst day
of your life now you guys are probably
asking you know was that it after she
got to London did you guys make up were
you all cool was an enjoyable time we
made up on everything I'm not saying
like the main reason we broke up was
over a flippin chicken wrap
what throughout the night we were in
London she was just in a really bad mood
the only reason we actually went to
London together was so we could have a
nice night together and do some shopping
and stuff and because of literally
having to go a day without her clothes
and her case it went and literally
ruined the entire the entire time and
yeah that's basically the story of the
last time we ever saw each other not
obviously when I said in my video I'm
not gonna tell you you know the reason
why we broke up I wasn't referring to
this we didn't break up over a chicken
wrap okay it wasn't like that
listen I'm not gonna lie if you've ever
been in a relationship you all know that
you end up arguing a lot but this time
was a little bit different it felt more
serious I was obviously annoyed for her
in the rap out of my hand for no reason
for her then going on to you know not
really be herself that night after you
know I did kind of pay for a really cool
place to stay and everything worst day
of my life but yeah as I said don't jump
to any conclusions this wasn't the
reason why we broke up the thing is
there isn't a reason just loads of
random things building up this was
obviously one of them which obviously
was why we decided to have a break from
each other
break up for a while and then see how we
feel
I personally was gonna just leave her
that I didn't think he was gonna make
this story she never told me she never
texted me then she went on to pin this
whole thing like it was my fault that
she had the worst day of her life and
then not tell you that on the worst day
of her life she was staying in a 400
pound hotel with me and yeah I just felt
a little bit betrayed by that it just
seemed like a bit of a bad thing to do
like she obviously didn't mean any bad
intent for me or anything like I'm sure
she wasn't trying to like deliberately
offend me or anything I'm not trying to
I start B for anything but I just
thought the bad thing to do would have
been to either keep it off YouTube like
I was gonna do to either tell me about
it first or you know just to be a bit
more truthful about the situation and
not like exaggerate everything to make
me seem worse but yeah I guys that was
basically the story of the last time me
and Carol really together and one of the
reasons why we broke up now this has
been a different video to usual but if
you are new and I would appreciate it so
much if you went down there and smashed
that subscribe button to join team orbs
2018 is gonna be a big year guys get
ready it is gonna be real lit I've got
some big things coming for you guys so
you don't want to miss out on them get
subscribed turn on your notifications
I'll also guys let's see how many lies
we can smash on this video I'm not gonna
set target I'm just gonna see how many
likes you guys can see you guys can get
on this video I'm finally guys I've said
this a lot but I am literally thousands
like a few thousand followers away from
five hundred thousand on Instagram so if
you not follow me on that go for me
Instagram is at morg hoods and as you
can see there on
screen and the link is in the
description below thank you guys so much
for watching
idem old you guys been awesome and I'll
see you in my next video peace out
