I went to Planned Parenthood for my
annual exam birth control prescriptions
and STI testing when I didn't have
health insurance I wouldn't have had
health care without a Planned Parenthood
they're an indispensable resource
Planned Parenthood was there for me when
I was 17 they confirmed my pregnancy and
I was one of the few who needed them for
an abortion without them I wouldn't have
finished high school or gone to college
my mom became pregnant when she was 18
and was fired from her job Planned
Parenthood provided a prenatal care and
that's why I'm here today four years ago
I was date raped terrified of pregnancy
I went to my nearest Planned Parenthood
to get plan B and ensure that I wouldn't
become pregnant my life could have been
very different without access to a
Planned Parenthood clinic all of these
are real stories from real women with
some point in their lives relied on
Planned Parenthood for health care now
you may have heard Planned Parenthood a
lot in the news lately maybe from one of
the 205 abortion restrictions passed in
US state since 2011 that often forced
clinics to close their doors or restrict
services perhaps you've heard of them
from one of the many those threatening
to defund Planned Parenthood cut in
federal support that could mean the loss
of care for nearly six hundred and
thirty thousand women or perhaps you've
heard of them from a series of
misleading videos that have increased
violent threats to Planned Parenthood
health clinics nine fold since their
release including a shooting that killed
three people in Colorado just a couple
of weeks ago but despite all the
controversy a Planned Parenthood
continues to provide affordable care for
women and for people of all genders who
need it and that's why I'm supporting
Planned Parenthood for this year's
project for awesome Planned Parenthood
is a provider of reproductive health
services in the u.s. last year they
served 2.7 million people that's the
entire population of the state of Nevada
most of the services they provide
include prescribing birth control breast
exams and cervical cancer screenings STI
testing and treatment and providing
medical
accurate sex education and yes 3% of the
services they provide are abortions a
health care service that should be safe
affordable and available to women when
they need it for me one of the biggest
reasons that I stand with Planned
Parenthood is that they serve people who
may not be able to get care otherwise
for example low-income women and women
in rural communities according to the
Guttmacher Institute in 332 US counties
Planned Parenthood serves the majority
of low-income women seeking birth
control for women of color in 2013 a
full 36 percent of Planned Parenthood
services were provided to black latina
and Native American clients or LGBT
people who may face discrimination and
stigma for most health care providers
but know that they can visit Planned
Parenthood to get a culturally competent
care by specially trained staff
reproductive rights are human rights and
I believe that it is unacceptable to
restrict access to health care from
those who need it the most that's why I
hope you'll join me in standing with
Planned Parenthood and making a gift I'm
going to put a link in the description
to where you can go donate to the
Planned Parenthood Action Fund to make
sure that these services remain
available I'll also put a link to
project for awesome com where you can go
watch more videos about tons of other
great nonprofits and a link to where you
can vote for this video if you would
like Planned Parenthood to have a chance
at receiving some of the money that
we're raising this year go vote go
donate and happy project for awesome bye
you
