hi friend so as Sante her channel is
asante the artist just tagged me in the
small youtuber tag so that why not do it
right now so here we go question 1 what
inspired you to start making videos I
think just trying to learn things like I
started making videos for school
projects where I would just take an idea
and kind of try to explore it and find
an answer in video form this channel
just kind of started out of pure
curiosity of seeing what would happen if
I tried to make a thing in front of
people so high sorry question 2 how long
have you been on YouTube and are there
any other channels that you have I have
been making video since 2009 there were
two channels before this one one was my
school products and before that I had
one would play songs on guitar in high
school most of them are deleted but
somewhere somewhere in the internet
there is an acoustic cover of on a boat
I Lonely Island and will never tell you
where it is good luck question 3 where
do you see your channel in five years
this one I don't know I don't really
have any specific goals or expectations
or aspirations and that's what I think
keeps it fun and keeps me from stressing
out about it constantly however there is
like a educational type channel thing
that I'm going to be doing and saying it
out loud now I have to in orderly 2016
and I want to be doing that in five
years also question for what message are
you trying to get across with your
channel it's twofold one approach people
in your life of empathy nice please and
number two is that the things that you
have to say your stories and your
experiences are important speak up quest
and five do people from real life find
your videos yes sometimes my parents
watch least a few my real friends
watch these occasionally most notably
the CEO of my former place of employment
watches my vlogs that really freaked me
out at first but then I realized that we
hashtag Millennials have a very
particular set of skills skills acquired
over a very long career skills that make
us a nightmare for people like you so
instead of being afraid of it I should
be confident that this is part of who I
am and it's the thing that I do and that
it care about a lot and whoever employed
me in the future will find this an asset
rather than a risk question 6 what does
your username mean it means that as a
child I was like pretty okay at solving
basic math problems question 7 favorite
small youtubers Katherine me Jess Callie
Nicole Yolanda rowing and who do I tag
any of the previous people that I just
mentioned all of you are welcome all of
you are welcome but I didn't mention you
do it anyway and tweet at me so I can
find it all right um I feel like we're
good here so if you enjoy this video you
can consider subscribing I'll see you
next week bye
