hi friends so I haven't do too well with
being scared I definitely can't watch
scary movies in fact when I was in
elementary school
someone once just described to me the
plot of a horror film and I couldn't
sleep for two nights I know that ghosts
aren't real but please never ever talk
to me about ghosts of course if you
think that I'm going near a mirror in a
dark room yeah denim wrong thusly I do a
pretty good job of avoiding intentional
fear of the Halloween based variety but
one October I was home from college for
fall break and I just watched Mike
Whitman's band perform and God know why
Mount Horeb Wisconsin and has packed
into the backseat of his friend's
subcompact from the mid 90s headed home
were their seat belts who can say really
now the driver definitely wasn't
drinking but we were young and wild and
free and just whipping around
roundabouts after roundabouts with
abandon I however was clutching the
deteriorating thumb with the backseat
thinking something bad is going to
happen something bad is going to happen
and when it does my mom is going to be
so pissed but because I was one of those
cool girlfriends I wasn't gonna say
anything I wasn't gonna harsh anyone's
buzz over like speed limits until at the
crest of one particular Hill at the
curve of one particular roundabout I
felt everything slowed down my heart
completely seized up as I watched us
Corrine off this big hill and down into
the cornfield thinking I'm gonna die
today I am going to die in Mount Horeb
Wisconsin troll capital of the world
that's a real thing look it up now
normally when I'm scared I will make
just sad shrieking noises or I will grab
on to things or run to people or I'll
just flip into anger and I will start
yelling at people for having frightened
me but on this day
the day that I was going to perish from
the earth I couldn't speak I couldn't
move I couldn't vocalize none of us
could until we jumped and butted and
skidded to a stop smashing a not
insignificant amount of corn along our
way and we were fine car was fine
everyone in it was fine and after a
couple attempts the driver was able to
back up all the way up the hill and get
on the road and keep driving none of us
said a word of it now that was a time in
my life that I remember being most
scared but in honor of Halloween being
the speak I want to hear a story of a
time that you were most scared in your
life I'm not talking like existential
like fear of failure kind of scared we
talked about that a couple weeks ago I
mean like pure animal terror fear if you
enjoyed this video you can consider
subscribing if you're so inclined you
can also find me on social medias in the
links below and I will see you next week
happy Halloween goodbye
