my friends I continue to nomad and the
fact that I am trying to orchestrate a
cross-country more than that I don't
technically have a home right now can
sometimes bum me out a little bit now
the fact that I'm trying to orchestrate
a cross-country move and kind of
technically don't have a home can bum me
out a little bit but but positivity
penguin eustacia Vye on Twitter asked me
to make one of those favorite feelings
videos that people have been making and
I thought that would be kind of a good
pick me up right now so here are some
feelings that are my favorite watching
people you care about getting really
excited about a thing even if it's not a
thing that you care about just watching
them then would you be aggressively love
it getting home at the end of a long day
and just taking off the bra when you do
something or say something like
extremely weird in front of another
person and normally you'd be like really
embarrassed you just want to crawl into
a hole and die but but this person it's
okay we'll have an acceptance getting
into the shower and just scrubbing your
whole entire body and then getting out
of the shower and just being the world's
softest human when you meet your
internet friends in real life and they
work as real-life friends too because it
doesn't always happen dancing when you
fill up a bunch of bags of things you
don't need anymore and you take them to
like Goodwill or you donate them or just
any kind of cleaning out of closets of
things and getting rid of them just like
it feels like your entire soul cleansed
it's just the bet like it's like better
than therapy when you're out in the
world and a strange girl that
complements your hair your outfit is
like hey like your eyeliner looks dope
and you're like hey your shoes are great
and your total moment of like girls best
they're the nicest
girls when somebody remembers and I'm
scared fact about you that they probably
shouldn't remember or shouldn't have to
remember but they bring it up
offhandedly
and you're like man you do care that's
cool I feel so special
realizing you understand something
that's being said in a language other
than your native one when you're at one
of those like gates in life where you're
moving from one place or one job or one
school to another and you're saying
goodbye to people because that's how
life works and people tell you that you
matter to them or that you made them
feel better or any better I am NOT one
of those gates right now and there's
people that surprised you that you think
man they're just they're just a quality
human and for some reason they think
that I'm a quality human so yeah those
are some of my most favorite feelings
please tell me in the comment what your
number one favorite feeling is and I
hope you get to experience that this
week if you like this video please
consider subscribing if you're so
inclined that's another one of my
favorite feelings as many people like
the things that I make enough to stick
around and see them so thank you to
those of you do yeah you can also find
me on Twitter to mine Instagram and
snapchat now alright I will see you next
week goodbye
you
