hi guys so last week I was at VidCon and
while everything pretty much was awesome
one of the definite highlights for me
was the women on YouTube workshop we got
some brave new groups and just all share
together what kinds of issues are facing
women on YouTube and if you want to
watch the whole thing paul roth actually
filmed the group i was in and you can go
watch it over here my group talked a lot
about intersectionality which made me so
happy and at the end of the session we
all kind of came back to the large group
we're talking about how we can take like
the positive energy that came out of
that session and being like yeah we can
do anything and just moving it forward
so Facebook group got started which I
will link below for women creators to
come together and support each other and
work on products together and also bream
a created a tag for women on YouTube
which is what I'm doing right now one
why did you join YouTube and how would
you categorize your content / style this
channel I started in 2011 because I
wanted to get better at drawing and I
thought that if I uploaded like a
time-lapse drawing video every single
day I would get better I never got
better that's when I found out how cool
like the community part of YouTube could
be so stuck around and I started doing
kind of the format that I'm doing now
for Rita 2014 question to what are your
dreams or goals for your features of
content creator and are there any big
projects that you want to work on in the
future I have two products that I want
to work on one is a channel about
linguistics it was maybe my favorite
subject that I ever studied but I didn't
study it nearly as long as I would have
liked to so want to learn more and
having a son with me and there's another
super secret project that is not real
enough for me to tell you about yet but
it'll have one of you knows oh it's so
annoying when people do that three are
there any unique challenges you faced as
a woman on this very public internet
platform how do you deal with them
sometimes I do get sexist comments but I
still
think for the most part I'm small enough
that trolls don't really find me I did
make a video for yesallwomen last year
that drew immense amounts paid but I
just don't engage I probably actually
get more racist comments than I get
sexist one exception or the line is
though right because sometimes I do
wonder if being women makes people take
my content less seriously or be lost
receptive to what I have to say but I
don't know because they're not watching
question for which of your videos has
given you the most satisfaction my
product for awesome video for 2014
because that was the first time I've
ever really spoke about race on my
channel and it's important to talk about
and it's a big part of my experience so
I'm glad that I found my voice on that
topic another one is my video on
impostor syndrome because ended up
getting really positive feedback on that
from people that said it helped them and
that was kind of the first time I
realized that I could use what I'm
making to not just kind of like process
my own thoughts but to build empathy and
understanding and other people and make
them feel less alone and when I managed
to make that connection it just feels
really good and three is my creative
friends series it's not very popular but
I really like making it and it's been
pretty enlightening for me as somebody
who just feels a lot of despair about
not being good enough at things that
that's just kind of how everybody feels
question 5 what advice would you give
other women and girls on YouTube don't
care about how many dudes are watching
when I first started out I used to look
at my analytics and be like oh man this
is like 65 percent women and only
thirty-five percent men and that's
terrible nobody's going to take me
seriously but like why not be a women
oriented channel women are great you
don't need men to like it
to be making legitimate stuff I mean if
they do it's fine like eighteen percent
of you guys out there dudes but I don't
think that being recognized by men
should be the mark of success the other
thing is like use the out of a
block button if you leave me a racist or
sexist comment instantly you're going to
be blocked I don't really care to engage
with you I don't really need to make a
space for you on my channel blocked
goodbye and I think that's been really
good for my mental health as a creator
so just don't don't even give them the
space question six if your subscribers
only walk away from your channel having
absorbed one thing what would you want
it to be god dammit babies you've got to
be kind questions7 who are three female
youtubers who would recommend your
subscribers check out and what do you
admire about them gonna get that promo
to my friends one is Rowan Ellis she's
doing this really cool like queer
feminist media commentary stuff and
she's just one of the smartest people
out there and just very cool and witty
and brilliant besides that and I know
she shouted me out in her woman on
YouTube tag video so if he came here
from her channel hi welcome Thank You
Rowan second person I recommend you
check out is my friend Miriam her
channel is Zen Toro she makes
environmental activism educational stuff
and she's a really unique voice in the
education side of YouTube which are
mostly if you haven't noticed white guys
and number three is my dear dear friend
Katherine and pure Katherine she doesn't
vlog a ton but she's doing Veda right
now so it's a good time to go check her
out I love her because she is one of the
most supportive and kind
and generous people you will ever come
across in your entire life when we talk
about this whole women on YouTube
movement we're trying to figure out how
we can lift each other up and there's
just nobody who's better at lifting
other people up than Kathryn and the
last question is who d tag so when I was
at the women on YouTube a workshop I
grabbed a bunch of business cards
trading them with a bunch of girls and
haven't gone and checked out their
channels yet so I'm going to talk all of
them as a way for me to go remember to
check out their channels so we have
probably Sarah we have L Howard or
sparkles and such 26 got Laura Cuellar
oh this is that girl okay so I talked to
her and she was super sweet she does
like fashion and beauty stuff facing
Casey Abigail and she spells it abuh GA
Yul so enunciate that Betty chen @
articulations oh I got Abigail's card
twice Robin eppley of drunk Austin um
this is my hotel room key topless topics
fighting for equal treatment one video
at a time and finally Melissa Sutton
youtube.com slash history beauty all of
you ladies are tagged as well as like
anybody else who's a woman watching this
channel right now I can't wait to see
all of the great things you have to say
about being a lady on youtube I will see
you next week goodbye
