hi guys so I'm usually very careful with
my things and do not lose them like
aside from hats and mittens here and
there I keep pretty good track my stuff
but I'm curious about lost things once I
went camping circa eight years old in
the porcupine mountains like Upper
Peninsula way way up there in Michigan
like superior right beautiful waterfalls
but the thing that I remember the most
is my dad getting me this stuffed owl
toy from the gift shop called Hootie and
from then on every campfire every pike
everywhere we went Hootie came with me
and once I dropped the thing from this
pile of rocks that I was standing on and
I was like who d no like a gosh-dang
action movie where I got the one guy is
holding the other guy like off of the
ledge of the building and you're like
don't let go I was that serious about my
stuffed owl and of course as soon as I
get back from this camping trip I lose
it for good and I am in consola ball i
pine for that owl for two years two
years until we went camping up there
again and like first thing bought
another hoodie it is still in my parents
house somewhere why that all means so
much to me like aside from all the
reasons that kids get obsessed with
their toys I think it's because you know
i got it from this like all the worldly
special place that i only got to go to
twice in my life and never again you
lose the thing and you feel like maybe
you could lose all of it like ever
having been there because this little
stuffed owl was this thing that i could
only get there no place else in the
world by contrast in eighth grade saved
up all my babysitting money and i bought
an ipod mini
it was the pink one with the click wheel
and it had solitaire on it and when we
went on vacation to Australia I used it
to avoid my family as humans who are 14
years old tend to do until it slipped
out of my pocket and fell into the sand
on Bondi Beach so I didn't even hear it
go but it was never to be seen again
even though I spent a lot of money on it
even though it was super important to me
I was surprisingly cool about it I was
never gonna find it again obviously but
it's just an iPad like every one of you
every single one of you has like at
least four broken ipods in your house
right now right like they're not that
scarce that's why no one freaks out when
you lose a min you buy another minute
unless it's a mitten that your favorite
professor in college knitted for you
when you graduated and you will never
get that back in the comments I want to
hear your stories about things that
you've lost particularly if they're
things that you can't replace if you
like this video please consider
subscribing if you are so inclined you
can also find me on Twitter Tumblr and
Instagram and I will see you next week
goodbye
