I'm Bailey serious i'm a graphic
designer and I focus on print design I
was wanted to be an artist but I wanted
to make money I fell in love with screen
printing and letterpress and just the
tactile nature of stationery I
always start with inspiration there's
color palettes or images or similar
things that you want to kind of recreate
and put your spin on it which is kind of
the most fun part of it I think if
you're going to do something right you
need to make it lb stop four times if
you're going to do a logo what people
don't see is the 100-plus sketches of
the same thing or this the same design
it's going to be you need to start with
a bunch of ideas and then whittle it
down usually your first ideas but
sometimes our first idea is the best
idea you just need to get everything now
and kind of word vomit or brain them and
I guess the deadline wicked meeting of
project as a good good motivation just
to get it done but if it's a truly like
artistic like just a personal project
and I feel stuck I will stop and not
look at it for a while go take a walk
send an email or send a text message
with a photo of like a process that I'm
going through and be like what do you
think of this I don't I'm stuck thinking
this I'm thinking that I think having a
network of people that you can trust to
look at your stuff do critique you and
like having friends that will
be honest and give you a thorough
critique your work that will usually
help you I feel like I wouldn't be where
I am today without my friends and my
colleagues that have pushed me in that
direction because once you really push
the limits of your creativity that's
when we're going to get the best results
