- so I do not script or plan this video
in any way whatsoever which usually
doesn't go so well for me but here we go
today I want to talk about kindness so
yesterday I put up a video that I was
very nervous to put up when I felt very
self-conscious about but you guys have
been overwhelmingly supportive and that
means so much to me so thank you as much
as I talk sometimes on here and mostly
on my Twitter and Tumblr about just the
terrible things in the world and all the
racism and sexism I just want to take a
second to appreciate the enormous
kindness that has been done for me for
one it's been raining for like two
straight days which I feel like is a
kindness from nature because I love the
rain and it just makes me feel all cozy
and kind of peaceful and introspective
and then it makes ABI like this
among other episodes of kindness that
have happened to me lately Apple put out
black emojis so now I can be a Brown
princess and give a brown thumbs up and
sassily paint my nails wild Brown week
if you don't know Luc he's the guy I'm
married to I need to get him in a video
video this year but he does me the
kindness everyday of encouraging me to
make the things that I love to make and
bringing me snacks while I do it and
telling me it's okay when things don't
work out as I planned you all gave me
the kindness of watching my face say
words I just it's pretty amazing that
anybody cares what I say and it means a
lot to me that you do some of you are
even becoming new friends which is
really exciting to me because I find
this to be one of the kindest
communities out there you do me the
kindness of caring about me and caring
about what I say and caring that other
people hear what I say my friend
Catherine who I mentioned before
mentioned me in a video today which was
a very sweet thing of her because she
just I guess likes what I'm doing here
and wants their people to know about me
and I think that's an incredibly
selfless thing so thank you to people
who have shared my stuff I just it's
like such an honor so I'm gonna try and
pass that kindness on and tell you to go
watch Nicole and Sarah if you don't
watch them already I've been trying to
watch a ton of people over the course of
Vita but the two of them just strike me
as especially wonderful beautiful
thoughtful people that you should go
watch too and today I'm trying to give
myself the kindness of actually stepping
away from my desk for lunch and coming
home and filming this and eating food so
in the comments I want you to tell me
three things one something kinda that
somebody else has done for you lately -
something kind that you're doing for
yourself and three a kind thing that
you're gonna do for others if you like
this video please consider subscribing
so that we can hang out new friends you
can find my social media things below
see you tomorrow be kind to people all
right bye
