my name is ty I do motion graphics you
start with coming up with the cool idea
oh you hang out with friends you make
jokes you feel coffee and you stay up
way too late and then write it all down
find the good parts and use those for a
project that I recently just did we shot
for like four hours and and it's going
to be a one-minute video so almost
nothing is ends up in the fun finished
product that is the complete normal that
is exactly what happens every time it
kind of drives you a little bit insane
like you keep looking at the same thing
over and over and over again so after a
while it becomes fun you're like oh that
was the one mmm the people giving you
feedback notice the smallest things and
and then you start getting that I and so
you start noticing them yourself and
then a project never fully finished
because you're like oh well I wish I
could have caught two frames earlier on
that it's the creative outlet and if you
don't do it you go insane or I would at
least I hate it immediately yeah
anything I ever work on I automatically
if i look at it again i don't like it i
like what other people do and I just
aspire to be at that level I don't know
it's just yeah it's a goal for me to
like something that I do you think it a
good day I think I'll get there I really
do
