hey guys today is vlogmas day 24 which
means it's Christmas Eve today I want to
talk about christmas eve tradition I
know a lot of families do their gifts on
Christmas Eve or they open their
stockings but we never did any of that
in my family our usual tradition was to
go to church late at night and now I'm
not a particularly religious person I
actually always looked forward to
Christmas Eve service after the sermon
they would turn off all the lights in
the house and everybody would have a
candle and we'd all light them passing
flame from person to person and after
all the candles were lit good seeing
three carols in a row the last one
always being silent night that was not
absolutely magical I have no idea what
is even going now still gives me chills
and then of course we'd come home and
leave out cookies and I'd be too excited
to sleep so I would read Christmas books
until I couldn't keep my eyes open
anymore now though that I've grown up
and kind of struck out on my own I'm
making my own New Year's Eve traditions
this year luke and I spending Christmas
Eve just by ourselves so I'm going to
make things real cozy and get like an
artificial fire going on my computer
screen and then just to make it our own
after night falls will turn off all the
lights light a bunch of candles and sing
some Christmas songs come
now the question to see my sleep
song he's fine
