hi guys it is fog mist dane 19 and it's
very late and i have just arrived at a
spot in the northerly parts of Wisconsin
to start enjoying some time off for the
holidays I was thinking about how when
you're a kid in school you always get a
Christmas break and then in college you
get even more of a Christmas break
sometimes more than a month of time that
you have completely to yourself and it's
fun because that time is yours to do
whatever you want you can work on
projects or see friends or just sit
around and do nothing at all and then
when you're an adult you don't get
breaks anymore and you realize how much
you took all that free time for granted
oh my god smoking coat alright welcome
to vlogmas day 19 otherwise known as the
date healer set fire to her coat while
filming a vlog anyway I was thinking
about how much I missed all that sweet
sweet time off until I realized that I
have yet to use most of my vacation time
where this year so I don't have to be
back at work until January so unless I
do have somewhat of winter break and
here's how I want to use it first I have
a bunch of boring adult chores taking in
my dry cleaning doing laundry cleaning
the apartment but then I've got books to
read assuming I won't be reading all the
time i also want to spend a lot of time
learning more about my camera and how to
use it and also how to light better so
you don't get crappy orange nighttime
look of course there will be time for
family and also tea drinking and friend
meeting and lots of fabulous lush bubble
baths there shall be learning how to do
my small business taxes and a lot of
exciting setting goals and making plans
and getting ready to take chances in
2015 but for now for this weekend at
least I'm just gonna chill so tell me in
the comments below if you get any sort
of winter break and if so how do you
plan to use it if you like this video
please consider subscribing can also
find me in Twitter Tumblr and Instagram
in the links below I'll see you tomorrow
bye
you
