hey guys so today we've got a
candlelight blog that's by the time I
get home these days it's already pitch
dark so mood lighting i wish i had some
cool scary stories to tell you guys but
I'm one you know how most people have a
favorite childhood toy like something
that they really loved and just play
with all the time well we're getting to
a time where for a lot of people and I
think I might be one of them that was
their computer and there are a lot of
old white dudes right think pieces about
Millennials that are really upset about
it but I think it's pretty awesome like
I fully believe that using technology
and using the internet from such a young
age has made me a much smarter and more
interesting person than I would be
otherwise so what did the world look
like in the late 90s okay there's your
scary story at first we had no internet
but I still had some sick computer games
like remember putt-putt ghosts moon
which oh my god you can watch people
play links below I played Freddie fish
and math blasters and Mario teaches
typing and Peter up it's math garden
which is so important in my life because
that's where it's radish time comes from
so you solve all these math problems in
the game and every time you win a level
peter rabbit jumps out and he goes it's
radish time and then these radishes just
like rain from the top of the screen you
gotta click them all because later you
get to trade in the radishes for flowers
which was like really important to me at
the time so thank you to whoever it was
who was developing like children's
educational games in like nineteen
ninety-six because you've shaped like my
entire social media presence and there
for like an absurdly large portion of my
anyway then the internet happened
only true 90's kids will understand my
mom has her own business so we shared
dial up with her office which means that
when I came home and went to Nick calm
to play The Wild Thornberrys game she
got booted up the internet and I got
massive trouble I was also obsessed with
this web site called whyville it was
this massive RPG you could play games to
earn clans and trade those four lengths
outfits and cool stuff and tell him lock
more games it was all wildly educational
like there was math and history even
physics think I may have learned
everything that I still remember about
math from computer games and I hated
math but that's probably why I was
really good at it anyway and I still
learn on the internet every day so if
other kids are like me more power to
them so what about you did you also grow
up in front of a computer screen and you
think that affected who you are for
better or worse what were some of your
favorite games growing up if you liked
this video please consider subscribing
so that we can hand out and be fun you
can find me on the twitter tumblr
Instagram and links below that's it for
me I will see you next week bye I'm
gonna eat some potatoes I'm gonna go eat
the potatoes and me then I taste
freaking great I'm gonna eat some
potatoes
