hey guys so I think everybody in their
teenage years needs to do a little bit
of rebelling I mean not a straight-laced
corporate Joan but back in the day back
in the day we had a little bit of a
badass over here I mean not really I was
a good student and a rule follower but I
like to look the part instance when I
was 17 and a pack of particular ANC's I
died streaks of my hair blue my dad
actually came home from work when I was
mid bleach he was like oh well I guess
it's just hair so rebellion failed i
guess but i kept it for two years and
everybody loved it you know who I got
the most compliments from little old
ladies always feeling the blue hair on
my 18th birthday took it a little step
for learning our piercing it was on my
ear but did irritate my parents so
mission accomplished did it hurt yes
only at first because when you get an
industrial they just take one long
needle and stick it like in one part of
the ear and all the way out the others
so by the time they got to the second
hole I couldn't feel it anymore
definitely blood a lot though so that
brings me today and i have lived above a
tattoo shop for over a year now and i've
still never been in it so clearly my
punk rock days are over but i think I
matter how old you get it's so important
to repel a little bit every once in a
while so I for example sometimes wear my
combat boots to work I try to live a
want minimalist lifestyle to reject
consumerism oh and of course whenever
possible smash the patriarchy and in the
comments you owe me some stories about
your rebellious teenage years I'll see
you next week if you like this video and
you want to see more of me please
consider him a little bit today please
consider hitting subscribes but we can
hang out and be friends find me on the
twitter tumblr and scream in the links
below videos
