hi guys so for if somebody is injured
and opinion as I am I'm always pretty
late to the party technology-wise it
started with my space I got first
myspace account in eighth grade and it
had a hot pink background with lime
green text so over the years though it's
slowly evolved into an emo master keys
that had the teeny tiny little pixelated
font the thick black border little heart
slowly falling from the top of the
screen so when Facebook came around
about my sophomore year in high school I
was not about that life all the profiles
looked exactly the same and he couldn't
even change the song and your page to
fit your mood which was the precursor to
the modern art of subtweeting so very
important eventually I cave when just
nobody was left on myspace but I've been
pretty skeptical of new social media
technology ever since I was desperately
late to the party on Twitter and we
joined tumblr last year I've had an
Instagram for like maybe a few months I
still can't even with that snapchat
but I realize now that I've been missing
out I mean how long was I denying myself
the pleasure of sweet sweet gifs and I
feel like it's kind of my duty is the
office millennial to know about these
things I mean I am the person taught my
boss what turned out means so that's why
I need your help internet I want you to
tell me about that new new that all the
kids are into these days what's the
technology that I need to get in on now
I want to grasp on the lab
sup my fleeting youth otherwise if
you're chronically late to the party
like I am let's talk about it what's
something that you've slept on to an
embarrassing degree all right if you
enjoyed this video and you want to see
more please consider subscribing so we
can hang out with my friends and find me
almost many things below and I'll see
you next week
