hi guys it's taylor and I'm interrupting
my previously scheduled blog topic to
ask you a question when is the last time
that you got so excited about something
you couldn't sleep I'm guessing for many
of us the first time was when we learned
about Santa then maybe there was a low
for a while until the first time you
fell in love somebody but I want to know
when was the last time you felt that
about something that you were building
or making or learning because for me
that is right now back in June and I
love big cut I swore that this is going
to be a big year for me creativity-wise
because I was going to finally stop
being lazy and learn how to make things
better that's why one of my little
monsters on my notebook here it's expand
your knowledge quick anecdote break here
to tell you that when I was in
elementary school there was no homework
until you reach third grade and even in
third grade it was like take home a
worksheet every now and then i freakin
loved school and when I saw my brother
doing homework I wanted in on that too
and at my second grade parent teacher
conferences I told my teacher in front
of my parents that I wanted homework and
everybody laughed cuz like how
precocious and cute right but that love
of learning it is real you know I
continued to be a bookworm all the way
through to the end a college I never
quite had that first again until now on
saturday i am shooting my first wedding
as a videographer and i am so psyched
but in preparation I have agreeing so
many books and watching so many videos
and lurking so many message boards to
learn what I need to know to do it right
I wake up in the morning and it make
these little list what I want to learn
that day and the whole time I met work
I'm thinking about all the things that I
went along later and on my lunch breaks
I read and when i get home i start just
devouring content because i am so
excited to know everything like han
dinner why I've got spreadsheets to me
and I can sleep after I've researched
the best monopod to buy stock to shoot a
vlog well technically I can do that
because that still counts and I have all
these ideas guys and everyone that I
come up with is followed by like five
more the more stuff you create the more
wired you get towards creating and I
have not felt this childlike awe and
wonder intensity for learning in a long
time but I mean what good is talking
right so look out for some fun cool new
stuff that I'm working on in the coming
weeks and the inevitable bad awkward
weird stuff as I fumble through learning
process course excitement is so much
better when shared so tell me what
you're excited about these days in the
comments like what is it that you're
thinking of all the time that you really
want to make have regardless of whether
or not you're actually making it happen
or even plan to because believe me I've
been there let's all just speak out
together we'll just we'll just this
alright if you enjoyed this video I
guess and if you want to see more you
can hit subscribe
hang out my friends or you can find me
on the twitter tumblr Instagram in the
links below we'll see you next week I
may be able to compose myself a little
more all right bye
