hi my name is Taylor before we get
started this week I want to give a big
all shout out to my brother for getting
married last weekend but anyway this
week I want to talk about languages see
I think it would be pretty dope if
everybody in this world or bilingual I
mean there's lots of good reasons why
you should learn a second language for
one it makes it smarter because
switching back and forth between two
systems language actually makes your
brain better at multitasking it makes
your memory better it makes you better
at listening comprehension bilingual
adults are also less likely to suffer
from Alzheimer's and dementia also if
your native English speaker it makes an
English better because when you think
about the structures of other languages
and how all of their pieces get put
together it makes you more aware of your
own language and I guess I think the
most important part is that learning
another language makes you a better
person learning a new language allows
you to talk to people and get to know
people you otherwise never would be able
to communicate with it allows you to
travel to places you might otherwise be
too afraid to go it exposes you to music
movies books and art you otherwise
wouldn't be able to understand and it
also looks really good on a job
application and the craziest thing is by
learning a second language you can start
to understand ideas and emotions and
concepts your language might not even
have a word for learning another
language really gives you an entirely
new perspective on life I mean not ray
but I double majored in English and
Spanish and Kyle
and learning all of that spanish really
kind of changed my life which makes me
especially scared of what's happening
now I've been out of college for a
little over a year now and that means
that it's been about a year since i've
been using spanish regularly when you
don't use it you lose it it's been
happening for long enough now that I'm
actually afraid to practice my Spanish
in the limited circumstances that i can
because i'm too insecure and afraid of
making terrible mistakes that's really
the best way or kind of the only way to
learn and maintain a language it's to
practice it constantly and talk at
people and have them talk back at you
we've got to get like a basic level of
confidence back so I got that duolingo
app and I'm trying to practice so far
I've been doing pretty well in three
gothic the randomness I think if you
have this app you can actually compete
with other people so I'll find my
username or whatever it is and put it
down there so you can look me up and
play against me yeah I don't really have
any grand conclusions other than learn a
language or if you're lucky enough like
me to have already learned one don't
lose it you can tell me down in the
comments what are the languages you
speak in any or which ones you want to
learn if you are trying to maintain
language after school tell me how you're
doing that and maybe if you speak a
little Spanish leave your comment in
Spanish and I'll try to respond and we
can practice together all right I'll see
you next week adios
if you like this video and you want to
see more please consider subscribing so
you can hang out and be friends I will
leave my twitter tumblr Instagram and do
a lingo information down in this bar
below me now see you later bye
