oh the human it√µs it has been about a
week since I got back from VidCon so of
course now I want to talk about it so
sorry if you didn't get to go or if you
don't care I'll see you next week
otherwise I promises the last time so
this was my very first vid con and I
also went completely alone all by myself
and I had kind of an amazing time I got
to go to some really inspiring panels
say some fantastic music I stayed in a
hotel with strangers and I didn't get
taken I ate a doughnut too much claim
one that later I also got to meet a
bunch of people whose work I really
admire and meet people that I'd only
found through Facebook groups or Twitter
or tumblr so for all of the top what's
going on about VidCon just being way too
big this year I disagree i think there
are still really small and quiet and
intimate places and just genuine
authentic connection to be had at VidCon
would it probably have been more
comfortable if there are fewer people
there yes would it have been better if
there weren't fans there that we're
behaving inappropriately and harassing
faders obviously but this kind of event
still has so so many good things to
offer or something so special about
getting to interact with people and talk
about the creative process and about
things that you like and enjoy and just
everywhere I went I saw little pockets
of people either sharing food or playing
card games or board games together or
sharing a power strip so that other
people can charge their phones and
talking that way
and there were all sorts of little
unofficial meet up so that people
tweeted out or tumbled and just got
together to share a common interest
outside of all the big crowds one of
those that I'm actually really bummed
that i missed was a storytelling circle
that was called together by a buzz lee
of lovely founder grail / the Creator
one time and people just got together
and sat in a circle and told stories
about their own lives in their
experience and I mean this was two
strangers so you share and I shared and
fondle with that that's really genuine
human connection and the best part of
all I think is that every single night
of VidCon seems to end and a dance party
is there a better metaphor for going to
one of these giant cons because dancing
can be at the same time really
terrifying and embarrassing but also
just so exhilarating and fun and free
and so essentially unpretentiously human
and so while it feels big and
overwhelming I think that's the beauty
and the brilliance of VidCon because at
the end of the day even us internet kids
even us introverts all we really want is
to connect and to share and to hug and
to be all in something together so
VidCon a plus plus would go again see
you next week if you're new here and you
enjoyed this video don't forget to
subscribe so you need not be friends and
also find me on Twitter Tumblr and
Instagram
those links below that's it i love you
guys i'll see you next week bye
