hey friends I could not stay away two
days that's a good thing right I had so
much fun doing Veda that like now I
don't know what to do with myself I'm
sitting there and I'm like so I was
gonna like disappear from youtube for
two weeks and then come back but like I
guess I'm back now hello I've got my
hair is cut today and I put some keratin
in it so now it's all like smooth
straight and stuff and I feel like this
way it'll go back to me and curly as
soon as I wash it but just thought I'd
do this for fun for one day so now that
I'm like finally catching up on other
people's veto videos i watch this
awesome one by Katherine Russell about
semester thinking and how like your
whole life in school you think about
like chunks of time and then big breaks
in between so you're like okay as soon
as this is over then I'm gonna do all
the things i want to do and i was like
kind of thinking about that for Vita
like as soon as it's over I'm gonna eat
and sleep regularly but it's kind of
funny because now that it's over and I'm
like okay once feet is over I will do
all these things when I want to do I'm
like maybe vlogging was the thing that I
wanted to do the whole time and I was
just actually applying myself to it I'm
really glad I did it I had a lot of
things going on in April I had a lot of
reasons that I could have said I wasn't
gonna vlog but I just did it that's kind
of how I've realized you have to do life
like there's something you want to do
when you're done to school you just have
to do it there's no more gates in front
of you telling you when you get to
do things going to try any job or even a
new career you just have to do it if you
want to move across the country you just
have to do it if you want to like clean
your apartment for the first time in a
month you just have to get off your ass
and do it since I've kind of been
killing it this week as far as like
losing the crass donation and the
excuses and just doing the thing went to
the dentist for the first time in like
two years and got like five fillings and
completed blog every day April I got my
haircut now I am vlogging this blog
wouldn't it be cool if i were really
tall so yeah I guess nothing all too
exciting today except for you're going
to be seeing a lot more of me and also
my hair is like really amazing today so
tell me in the comments what you've been
putting off and what your Excuse is and
then after that just go do the thing
alright I will see you want to see you
by E
