um I'm out taking a little run right now
I thought I'd take a break and say hello
to you as I've been running I'm
realizing and running his heart guys
about this time last year I was training
for my first half marathon which I can't
even believe anymore because I did that
and I liked it wasn't that bad like it
ran 13 miles but today I'm just trying
to run two in half and like I'm
struggling like my body doesn't know how
to run anymore but I'm just out of
practice it's something that you have to
do over and over and over again to get
good and the more you think about it
being good at running is in large part
just being really good at not quitting
you practice to get in this mindset that
no matter what your brain says your body
is just gonna keep moving along your
path it kind of reminds me of challenges
like this like vlogging every day in
April it's something that you do because
not quitting is half the accomplishment
because creativity you know it's kind of
like a muscle the more you use it the
stronger it gets the more you work the
better you got the more ideas you have
and right now both my physical and my
creative muscles are a little bit weak
but feels good it feels good to start
using them again so it's been great
talking but now I've got to go get
stronger see you tomorrow
