my friends I want to tell you a story
that I'm not particularly proud of when
I first moved to New York I had a lot to
do just a million little logistical
nightmares like figuring out a new
public transportation system signing up
for health insurance getting a new
library card but perhaps the most
important trifecta was first find an
apartment so that I could have a
permanent address second switch my
Washington driver's license over to in
New York ID and third register to vote
these things take time and they take
extra time when you're always stuck at
work during the exact hours of things
like rental agencies and the DMV are
open hell I'm eight months into living
here and I still don't have that library
card but I figured I had time as this
happens when you move to a new city in a
new state because of our good pal
federalism I didn't really know how the
pattern of local election cycles worked
better elections happen in November on
even-numbered years but state-level
elections and municipal elections those
can happen kind of whenever so I started
hearing in October that there was an
election coming up for mayor and city
council I of course heard of my wife and
also my twitter brand
I think voting is super important I
think it's our responsibility but I
think it's our duty to vote so I started
looking online to see what kinds of ID
or proof of presidents I would need to
scrape together to get registered by
October 13th that's what I realized it
was already 18th and that I wasn't gonna
get to vote and I'm really ashamed of
that you might say Taylor it's only City
Council it's not like you missed a
presidential election but city council
decides things like how much do we spend
on parks or who gets access to
affordable housing or even how do we
handle police violence things that have
huge consequences on people's everyday
lives since a missed you for one because
it's another federal election here in
the US which means every member of the
House of Representatives is up for
reelection
as well as several Senate seats
governorships even things like
Statehouse
and state Senate who by the way are the
ones who get to determine when the voter
registration deadlines are who and how
people can purchase guns in your state
or how much your state's gonna invest in
clean energy your state legislature are
the ones determining all those little
mechanisms of your immediate
surroundings while Congress is
accomplishing not the most so be better
than me make sure you're registered to
vote
now I actually finally got registered a
couple weeks ago I went to the DMV to
update my license and they let me
register to vote right there unlike the
credit card machine so do me a favor go
to the link in the description and check
your registration status right now the
other reason I'm telling you this story
is because in my case the system worked
as it's designed to things like 30-day
voter registration cut-offs exist
because they know that someone like me
or someone like you is gonna get busy or
they're not gonna know that an election
is coming up or they're gonna just have
moved and not have all of the right
paperwork together in time and then
they're not gonna be able to vote early
voter registration deadlines voter ID
laws restrictions on polling locations
and polling times all these things serve
to disenfranchise voters and make it
more difficult for young people and
people of color especially to exercise
their right and we need to change that
so first register to vote now again
there's a link in the description where
you can check your status if you're
already registered to vote depending on
your state you can also help other
people get registered so I'm gonna link
a few resources in the description for
how you can host a voter registration
drive but you can also contact your
state political party of choice if they
host voter registration drives they're
probably looking for volunteers also we
can change the systems that make
registering to vote a hurdle in the
first place the franchise project put
together a voter scorecard
where you can check out how your state
stacks up on
voter access you check out the link
below it'll tell you what your state
could be doing better and how to contact
your state election officials to tell
them what you want to change in the
comments tell me a story about voting or
tell me a story about your most recent
regret if you liked this video you can
subscribe you can find me anywhere on
the internet at its radish time if you
want to support me with your coin you
can do that on patreon and I'll see you
next week bye
you
