hi friends in college I took a class
called theories of personality
it was my second semester freshman year
and I knew I was gonna drop my
advertising major so I was considering a
psychology major for a hot second I was
also going to group therapy for anxiety
once a week anyway my professor for this
class was great she wasn't technically a
professor she was a practicing
psychologist who just happened to teach
classes on the side she was funny no
 and she never wouldn't seem
outfit twice the side effect of that is
that in order to amass the amount of
clothing that you need to never repeat
an outfit an entire semester she was
still wearing her like shoulder-padded
Blazers from the 80s and 90s you can
change a lot and not ever really change
feel in class we talked about how
different psychologists measured what
goes into personality what it's measured
by and how that all can change over time
sometimes if we were talking about a
psychologist who had developed an
assessment or inventory to measure
personality we would take it so we took
myers-briggs the Enneagram the big five
all of that but at the same time I was
in my therapy group taking some of the
same tests trying to figure out who I
was and what was wrong with me and I was
like I Know Who I am I'm an anxious
being I just want to know what my major
and subsequent career should be can
anyone help me with when we took the
myers-briggs you get a personality type
which is four letters which describe
where you fall on the different poles of
eight traits I was an infj
introverted intuitive feeling judging I
remember I scored the highest you can
possibly score on both the I and the J
the I just meant it was really really
introverted the J meant that I really
like to have structure and a plan and to
know what's coming and it was that the
fact that I didn't have a clear and
detailed plan for my future that made me
so anxious that I started therapy in the
first place knowing why my problems were
my problems didn't make them go away but
it did make me feel less crazy so I
started following I F J blogs on tumblr
and asking people about their
myers-briggs type at parties it was all
very relatable and a fun way to get to
know myself and it really helped me at
the time but here's the thing the
myers-briggs and all those other
personality tests fall into a theory of
personality called the trait perspective
if the idea that personality is just
made of a bunch of characteristics that
you either have or don't have near an
eye or an Ian N or an se or a 2 or a 4
or a 7 and that's what you are
there are other perspectives lots of
other perspectives and some of them say
hey maybe this is how you describe your
personality right now but there's a lot
more to it than that and it might change
look how eventually I chose an English
major not because it fit into some sort
of 5-year plan but because it left
things the most open and it or like how
your favorite blazer from 1987 may not
be what you want to wear for the rest of
your life personality tests are useful
to the extent that they can offer you
another perspective from which to
understand yourself as long as you
understand that that's just one
perspective and humans are a lot more
complex than just a series of traits
like I probably qualify as an INFP now
but I can also change how I think and
feel and behave depending on my current
situation I change all the time and bet
on it you will too and thank goodness we
will tell me in comments have you ever
taken one of these personality tests
have you ever felt like your personality
changed if you liked this video you can
subscribe you can find me anywhere in
the internet at its radish time if you
want to support me with your coin you
can do that on patreon and I'll see you
next week bye
