hi friends I'm here with rady Anna Noles
Ross who you probably know because many
of you found me through her but we're
here today at the creators for change
summit in London a while ago I made a
video about my personal mythology the
stories that I tell about myself are
part of how I define who I am I wanted
to get to know what other people's
personal mythologies are how how do
other people use story to think about
their own identities so today we're
gonna talk to Rosie onna
about the stories that that she uses to
create her own identity I was thinking
about this really hard because I think
all of these top line things came to me
so when I described myself it's like
writer/producer feminist that's kind of
the three big things that come up but
one that I don't use but that still
really defines me is drawing drawing and
painting and kind of art making in
general and I think that's partly
because I don't share that as much
sometimes I'll share something in
process and sometimes I was just
something complete but it's not
important to me to share it as any part
of that
whereas with writing and video making
and all these other things they're very
outward facing an external I'm still not
I think of myself as an artist I just
think of myself as like someone who
makes someone who draws someone who
paints my mom's amazing painter but who
doesn't really paint that much anymore
which is such a shame and she paints a
lot with oils and they're all around her
home my oldest sister is an artist but
when I was younger and she was a
teenager she was doing a lot with
charcoal and oils and just like figuring
out experimenting a lot so I grew up
always being handed you know Oh like
that's keeper easy on your entertainment
give her a parent pay phones and pans in
a restaurant and then when I went to
secondary school I was really excited
because I knew that art was a more
formalized class whereas in primary
school that's which like before the age
of 11 and it's just like having an hour
and you just kind of do whatever you
want you play with water but in secular
school they knew it was a more
formalized class and I was very excited
to learn about technical skills and all
of this stuff and but I got to that
class and I found it really hard and I
didn't enjoy anything about it I still
remember like we were drawing I think a
Clementina
or something there was like in segments
and I remember like feeling my teacher
who's a lovely lovely woman but she came
in she was like oh the lines are too hot
I was just like that's how I do like
enjoyed lines I join with all these
bitches I had a very clear vision of
like what I wanted to make I felt like I
was trying to do it at least be a faith
say you know you're still not trying to
do in a different way I actually like
pretty much stopped entirely drawing and
painting making recreationally a couple
of years later in the UK you can drop
subjects and after a certain age and I
dropped out and I started drawing again
I would like take notes in every single
class but then they'd all looking back
at him now they all have like doodles on
the side it was a sense of like giving
myself permission to do this thing as a
as a fun thing as a recreational thing
and as a form of expression that didn't
have that level of judgement that's
interesting that you had such a
confident sense of like this is my style
this is what I do because I think a lot
of artists that I've talked to that it
takes them a while to come out of this
is what I've learned - this is how my
art differs from everyone else's art but
you might a man with that yeah and I
think part of it I'm realizing now is a
lot of my of the color palettes are
using like that kind of shapes I use a
very derivative of like Mexican drawing
and men that work whether that's things
that I now connect to like oh we had
like a a table mat like in a dinner
table mat they look like that pattern or
like the color schemes are very similar
to the colors in my home which were very
like orange and blue and like a house is
blue who never else and like the UK bird
was like what's going on it was a place
for establishing that identity I think
one of the big things that making or
gives me is time it's focused time in
which I'm not thinking about other
things I don't have other distractions
I'm just working on something and
everything can change the different
pressure of it and also just the train
of thought where I go what I'm making
changes along the process of making it
and then the other
I think that it has very directly helped
me with is with my youtube channel
feeling like I don't have to make one
type of thing I can make all sorts of
different types of video and different
styles with different lengths different
sound and that freedom to make different
kinds of art in my personal life has
definitely made it easier when I'm
sharing something to just kind of throw
out the wall whatever sticks and yeah I
feel like it's an open space as well
well thank you so much for sharing your
story and in the comments I want to hear
your stories as well has art affected
your life for been part of your identity
at any point were you like rosianna and
artists as a young person and did that
change as you grew older rosianna where
can people find your work I say people
can find my youtube channel at
youtube.com slash for dinner fantastic
well if you like this video you can
subscribe you can find me anywhere on
the internet at its radish time you find
rosianna at several places which I'll
link in the description and I'll see you
next week bye
cool yeah
