hi friends so the beginning of this year
I started a journal and there are two
reasons why I did that reason one is
that I tell stories about my life every
week on the internet so I thought it
might help to start writing my stories
down so I could remember them when I
need them later the second reason is you
know how you have that friend who's
always putting like way too much detail
about every part of their life on
Facebook or they do the Tumblr posts
where there's a bunch of sad stuff
behind a click for more cut and whole
blog is just like a sad kids sad blog
and you see those posts and you're
sympathetic at first but then you start
to sort of feel uncomfortable and think
that maybe they should call their mom or
a therapist and while I do have a mom
and a therapist and a really supportive
group chat sometimes you just need to
write that down in your journal I
think everybody should have a journal I
think you should get like a
government-sponsored journal like when
you start middle school and here is how
I use mine part of it is like sad kids
sad vlog stuff because who keeps a
journal about being happy actually a lot
of people like I've heard it's a really
good thing for your mental health to
write down positive things so I mean try
that if you want to another thing that I
try to do is write down the details of
the things that happen to me that might
not seem worth recording the things that
you won't remember the next week or even
the next day the way that a train
conductor sang the name of every single
subway stop on your ride home or the way
that somebody's eyelashes felt brushing
against your shoulder blade I also keep
to do lists ideas for vlogs lists of
words that I'd like to try to write a
story around doodles little spirals I
draw when I can't think of what to write
but I want to keep my pen moving I write
down lines I really like from articles
or interviews or books I read I keep
little bits of paper here and there
ticket stubs business cards this is the
program from my grandpa's funeral and I
take them everywhere it's always on my
bedside table or in my bag
wherever I go keep extra sets of my pens
everywhere that's another thing if you
want to do this
get pens and notebooks that you really
like make it feel like a treat and then
never let it leave your side the con I'm
taking your journal with you everywhere
it's that you can lose them I lost one
of these that I've been writing in for
two months and I'm still hella bummed
that I lost all of the thoughts in there
but I'd wanted to hold on to you and
kind of mortified that anybody might
have found it and read it but I use
these small skinny ones because it was
only two months that I lost and it was
almost completely full I like to try and
fill these up as much and as fast as
possible and then get the little rush
and reward of getting to start a fresh
one there's no aesthetically pleasing
calendars or grids or whitespace like
some of the more meticulously beautiful
Bullitt journals that some people do but
that's what works for me
I'm a stuff minimalist and a thought
hoarder I let myself be greedy with what
I write down I can keep all of the ideas
and advice and thoughts and wisdom that
I can find I don't ever have to let it
get lost - my fallible memory - me
spending 20 minutes writing about my day
or copying out a paragraph of an article
I adore feels like a real luxury and
spending some time paging through my
journals every couple of months it makes
me feel even more creativity rich if
that makes any kind of sense luckily all
it cost is a little dedication and like
10 or 20 bucks of supplies so if you
keep a journal tell me in comments what
you like to put in it and what you get
out of it if you like this video you can
subscribe you can also find me pretty
much anywhere on the internet at its
radish time and there's still time to
participate in my creators for Change
project so check the links in the
description and I'll see you next week
bye
