hi friends I am here with Riley judges
and we are going to talk about some
activism things so I talked a lot about
on this channel about ways to stay
involved democratic process and one of
those ways that I talked about is
protests but to be perfectly honest I
actually haven't been to a protest in a
couple of years there's a lot of reasons
that people may go or not go to protest
some bility or safety or things like
that so I thought it would be really
cool to talk to somebody who does
protest semi-regularly which Riley does
the comedy we've never done it before
when you show up what is it like I've
only gone to a few of the larger
projects that have happened like right
after Trump won like November 9th or
whatever and then the women's March I
think a couple other ones that were
around there like there was a nose the
APL March I know you might know the
airport Christmas oh and yeah like there
was just a lot of people all marching in
the same way it was like overwhelming
how many people there were through one
or two of them I went alone just because
I didn't know anyone else who would like
waking up at that time or like doing
whatever and I was like this is the
thing that I have to go to but when I
have gone with people it's been such a
more empowering experiences like you
feel like more like you're part of
something people were asking why we were
protesting right because it's like
you're not going to change the results
of the election and I we knew that and
but I think a large part of it honestly
was that it was therapeutic it was it
was good to know that there are other
people who feel this way and that people
who are going to continue resisting and
that like just because the election went
that way doesn't mean that the whole
country feels that way you know that
there's so many people to feel the same
way that you do and care about the
issues that you care about I haven't
been to perfection like the black lives
matter protest
2013-2014 so I remember that being
really was a therapeutic experience
because even though I went by himself it
was like you're sitting there and you're
watching the news and like just feel all
of this stuff building up and you don't
know what to do with it and so going out
and seeing other people that are
like-minded and feeling this like well
as the fourth is like okay you're not
going to silence us you're not going to
make us feel afraid you know really I
think I'm good yeah how do you find out
about part of the reason that I remember
the airport process is like I didn't
know what's happening and I'd like
looking at snapchat and I'm like I saw
you were at the airport and talked
people in the front on the country were
at airports medley how do people know
that that Airport things are happy yeah
what kind of hear that honestly social
media like social media has done so much
for activism and for allowing activists
to coordinate and the ever'one
specifically I remember was I think I
saw people tweeting about it and then
there were like Facebook events like
Facebook events have been how I've heard
about all the other ones if you're
following activists on Twitter they're
often talking about it and you can know
what's going on or Facebook events are
really just literally exert your city
and protest and you'll find a few and
it'll recommend you for is talking about
any seriousness you have like a de
protest where
something happened there he learned
something thought something that change
the way you approach a context feeling
when I was at the airport thing it was
more confrontational than the other ones
that I've been do like the women's March
was like very like and we friendly like
before out there with their babies and
strollers and stuff the airport one was
very tense there was a lot of fleet
around it was a little scary and I'd
never been in that situation before and
I do that like if I had a white person
was scared that like all the people
around me must have been like even more
scared and that was one of the things
that they were organizing there was that
it was like white people who were
supposed to be at the outer like edges
of the group like where the police were
casing and so that's where I wasn't like
most of the people of color were inside
like nothing even happened like I don't
think there was any like violence and
but it was like another thing to like be
there
and yes you experienced it and like to
know that if I'm feeling that fear that
other people feel it all of the time or
to a much higher extent than I do and it
just made it a lot more visible there
were certain groups of people who won't
want to be here like if you're
undocumented or if you've been arrested
before or if you're a person of color
like those kinds of people might want to
leave and they were saying like it's
okay if you leave like we understand not
everyone can be here safely and I was
like I knew that I could be there and be
relatively safe and so I felt like it
was kind of my responsibility to be
there one most recent one I went to
there were people that had shown up and
they were prepared to be
and that was part of their activism was
to Iran for this cause so they showed up
and they knew that that was going to
happen and you know they came prepared
with the information with their lawyers
like written on their arms and sharpie
and things like that so like but you
know they also wanted to make it clear
that like this isn't something that
everybody has to do or everybody should
do and so like we're going to
strategically choose the images or just
stand in the road and then you know the
rest of the people can participate in
different way sure I was like a little
salty during the women's March because I
had worked on the campaign and I felt
like had we had all of these people
organized before and like everybody has
an entry point so I don't want to be
gradual like not being there for seven
activism but I do think it is really
important we think that as inspiration
to participate in Wisconsin and
bettering your community how I'm trying
to figure it all the time I know calling
my representative is important but
beyond that I I struggle with that a lot
going to present the great wave action
the organizers and more often than not
built out regular meetings to don't have
Lister for newsletters we're here what's
going on it's a great way to go they're
like if you go by yourself or if you go
with a group introduce yourself to some
of the other people there ask what they
do ask how they stay involved and no
trade phone numbers make sure that you
keep that going from it not just one
thing guys I can't imagine most people
are able to go out protesting like every
weekend right I remember there being
several in a row and I was like I just
can't do this like I have to be working
on the weekend like yeah this can be a
regular thing even though I would like I
feel like it has to be if you can't go
to our process every weekend and you
make phone calls to your representatives
once a week
go register voters we can go volunteer
once a week or once a month even what's
one one to provide please give somebody
who considers their first life there are
very valid reasons to not go to a
protest but I mean I find even myself
like making excuses for why I can't go
like if it's a morning thing or whatever
and I think just after my Giselle sit
like these issues even if they don't
feel super personal important to you
they are super personal and important to
somebody if you've ever had a moment
where you wish people would have showed
up for a certain issue because it
affected you very personally you need to
remember that that kind of thing is
happening to other people all the time
try to feel that kind of that rage and
that passion that you have for whatever
issues affect you personally and try to
feel that for issues that affect other
people you would want other people show
up for you and you got to go out and
show up for people where can people find
you
um find me on the Internet as Briley
indigenous pretty much everywhere
awesome well go check out Riley's
channel for more information about
activism is politics
and feminism and all sorts of great
overall we'll be doing a video on my
channel about politics so tell me in
comments if you have tips for people who
want to join protests and might be
wondering about how to do it fast
on the Internet at serratus time
last week bye
