and so I'm coming to you from the
airport leaving VidCon and I'm going to
try to get this in a few takes as
possible because I got to get on the
plane right now my whole body I try
working out the other day after not
swing does so in four months
and now my muscle fibers are all ripped
to shreds and everyone winces a new
adventure there reminds me when I was in
high school and I would you just intense
this pin for dance classes in the summer
and we have to do a hundreds of squats
lunges godforsaken things called banana
jump my dance which would remind us in
the first week when our athletic able a
deluxe body for a problem up and down
staircases and creaking when we reach to
pick things up the soreness was a good
sign it would be followed closely by
strength as long as suppress their
muscle form we're going to do
would be to stop moving and it reminds
us a week that I moved to New York City
and my friend Liz told me that
everything there is a little bit harder
than that it takes a little while
develop the stamina for all of the rent
tax of laundromats and trains being
broken and it's okay to come home every
night and be soft so at VidCon I've
gotten the privilege of meeting and
making friends as all of these peoples
whose work I really admire just so many
people making cool a lot of people
who are younger than me and far more
accomplished already and therefore it's
so brilliant and it works so hard and
when they talk about their work it makes
me want to port every single droplet of
my soul and mind and when you leave a
place like that your brain while not
technically a muscle use the big store
without me working right look if I keep
with all of this energy me personally
that I feel now into the students that I
make I'll keep getting stronger and I
hope that it'll show so that's why
you're getting a sleepy airport log
today
because the worst thing to do is stop
moving so tell me in comments about a
muscle that you would like to get
stronger and has I get 12 hash tag
numbers to collect a also the lickable
co-op laws if you want to make sure that
you eat them all if you follow me on
twitter at its radish time and now I am
on my way to London for the first time
more on that but I will probably see you
from there
next week bye
you
