hi friends this is a plant and I'm not
allowed to have those because they only
end up killing them as killing aloe I
killed cacti
I've killed succulents once I got an
orchid as a present 48 hours look I have
the opposite of a green thumb is it is
it a brown thumb
guys it's 2017 you can't play that it's
certainly not a genetic thing I mean my
grandparents on my dad's side were
farmers and some are back on my mom's
side of the family you could say they
grew things - my dad picked up the
agricultural bug - so I've had a cop
swap two farms we'd read a lot of books
that cows and going back to the land and
stuff I think it has had my dad's a
gentleman farmer with like acres and
acres of land that grow things and let
the dogs turn around
but in absence of that he always had a
plot at the local community start not
like local local you had to drive across
the highway to get there which I know
because I went there a lot but it was
there that he cons have enough
vegetables to feed my entire family and
if their foster Robin there's nothing
but like this horrible place oil and
magic and time I loved it mostly it was
hot and buggy and decidedly better than
that anyway I'm not cut out for manual
labor but when it was my job to pull
weeds out from their roots I kind of
just like some of the leaves off the top
and call today but I could forgive it
because it had it's good points - there
was he man's least growing all along the
path and that see you bumbling around
both speaking in Spanish and lungs and
then in the right part of the season I
could stuff my pockets full of sugar
snap peas and green beans picked right
off the vine by college years after I'd
even half-assedly pulled some leaves I
missed things that taste like a
vegetable and along with the
eco-friendly activist club and the
dentistry school for some reason we
built a little community garden on
campus without a dozen raised beds and
one of them was mine my parents came
down one mission to help me move
apartment and my dad helps me plant all
my veggies head peas and corn and beans
and hair
and lettuce and peppers and potatoes and
soybeans and kale and I had a watering
schedule where I went and watered
everybody's garden on Wednesdays and
then the rest of the week some
mysterious faceless dental students had
me covered and within a couple weeks
there were pale green things shooting up
all over the gardens and they grew up
into stocks and bushes and by inside of
dirt and mostly nothing but I didn't
stop stating the weeding or the watering
or the general being responsible for
another living thing like I put in the
bare minimum of care but my garden
rewarded me for it anyway with plants
hanging heavy with more veggies than I
cooking for one in my studio apartment
could have ever eaten alone and once on
a morning watering shift I found a
little mess of baby bunny hanging out in
one of the more neglected gardens and I
kind of understood why anyone would try
to grow things when the cold came of
course everything died and with it the
family farming bug I haven't been
successfully able to keep a plant alive
for more than a couple weeks in time but
maybe it's something like these that can
sit unused all that potentials dormant
for years and then grow again it's just
a little soil and magic and time all of
this to say I'm considering getting a
perm so in the comments tell me a lot of
plants that mean something to you also
I'm going to be at VidCon later this
week so tell me if you're going to be
there call me if there's anybody that
you want me to try and collab with flaw
in there tell me if you want to clog
while I'm there subscribe if you like
you can find me anywhere on the Internet
at this radish time and I will see you
next week bye
