I'm so I'm having a little bit of
writer's block right now a lot of
stories to tell
could it be because I don't like do
things or have experiences maybe so I
think instead of sitting here and
talking we're going to go to the park
and we're going to catch them into
quills
so here's the thing I still play pokemon
go some might say obsessively there are
233 pok√©mon available in my region and I
have 230 of them three left so today
we're going to make that too and you may
be saying to yourself
Taylor why you canyon play pokemon as a
child and you're right I did not I'm a
 completionist and I desire to
win
started raining so we're going to family
we can catch from the car right now
and I guess while we're up to this I
want to talk a little bit about escapism
so I really conflicted feelings because
a lot of the popular like tumblr style
of self-care that's like hey just it's
okay just share all your
responsibilities stay home eat a cupcake
paint your toenails it's actually one of
the worst things I could do for myself
and I tweeted about this a little while
ago in response to Danish court because
the way my brain works I already want to
stay in bed and not do things and just
be lazy and isolate myself but giving in
to that just makes me feel more
depressed and then it's even harder to
do the thing of the next day and it just
gets worse and worse and worse so try to
resist that like escapist form of
self-care instead I just kind of try to
will myself into doing the things that I
need to do because I know that if I do
them it'll make me feel better and then
it'll be even less of a challenge to
conquer the next day on the other hand I
know it's not possible to just stop
being burned out or stop being depressed
out of sheer force of will like can't go
100% all the time
especially when you're an activist a
very brilliant former colleague of mine
her name is Serena Maxwell and they'll
link a newsletter below was writing
about kind of a resistance movement and
said that it's not a sprint and it's not
even a marathon it's a relay which means
sometimes it's your turn to run and
sometimes you have to pass the baton and
catch your breath and I ran for a
long-ass time but for the past like five
six months I haven't been so I've been
trying to kind of figure out what level
of escapism is is good or healthy for me
and so that's why I've been doing this
this being like moving back with my
parents and paying attention to my brain
health and pushing myself to do the work
that it takes to get better mixed with a
little bit of escapism I'm almost ready
for another lap so now I'm going to vol
this pipe version
- Pokemon left and I'm going to go home
and get to work
so in the comments tell me how you feel
about escapism what do you use to escape
and you think that's healthy or
unhealthy or somewhere in the middle if
you liked this video you can subscribe
you can also find me anywhere on the
internet in the links below so we'll see
you next week bye
