hi friends so last week my grandfather
passed away and it wasn't a surprise or
a shock so much but that doesn't stop it
from hurting and as someone who likes
telling stories I think one of the
hardest parts for me was that when he
died I couldn't find a story to hold on
to you I could find little moments or
feelings his ever so slightly
mischievous smile the texture of the
paint on the dollhouse that he built me
his deep love for pie and butter but I
still couldn't find any real crisp
memory to put us back into I still can't
put myself back on his lap or underneath
the branches of the pine tree that I
used to play in in the side of the yard
and just replay everything that happened
I still can't conjure up what he said to
me it's just flashes me sitting on the
living room floor and I'm watching this
kids show and the kids are cooking in
there spilling flour everywhere and he's
just muttering under his breath so
careless so messy because he wasn't
careless he took incredible care of
everything his farm his home his family
he could fix anything he liked things
done right or we're sitting in his
garage in the summer and my dad's
cutting the grass and grandpa's just got
this Wyatt smile at my dog which is just
like a tiny little fluff ball that it
worked his way into his heart
not that that was a difficult thing to
do giving goodbye hugs and him pressing
his forehead against my forehead and
saying Oh sweetie
because he was pretty laconic but never
short on the amount of love that he had
for his dozens of kids and grandkids
it's his hands which were big and strong
from dairy farming and how much I wish I
could hold his hands I want some past
week or a day or even a whole afternoon
I could crawl into and spend with him
but I can just place these tiny
beautiful two short glimpses of seconds
and time so I want to leave you with one
of those it's not mine it's my dad's
that he wrote in his eulogy it calls
back to you before I was born when my
dad was really really young so I asked
you to remember our Father thus we're
living at the house on Park Avenue with
the big backyard it's late afternoon in
the spring a warm day the Sun is low on
the horizon shining through the trees
streaming golden beams of light but us
are bursting forth floating rising in
the warm our father is in the garden
work pants and heavy work shoes on a
plaid shirt with sleeves rolled to the
elbows revealing strong tanned forearms
he's walking on freshly turned ground
soft beneath his feet the smell of rich
lomi earth rises to him and he is
smiling
you
you
