hi friends last week I was in Austin
Texas for work and I've been to Austin a
bunch of times before but never to spend
so much of it sitting in an office
building so one morning while I was
there I got up a little early so that I
could walk to work along the river or
lake sea running through the middle of
Austin like a shiny green scar is a
dammed up section of the Colorado River
named for our 36th First Lady of the
United States Lady Bird Lake is 18 feet
deep and six miles long its width by the
way is measured in hundreds of feet it
is high Keable and bikable and beautiful
but it is not a lake okay if you want to
get technical into reservoir but not the
kind of reservoir that's built to
deliver people clean drinking water the
city built a power plant in the 50s
kicking out a bunch of poor and locked
nuts families in the process but that's
a separate video which you can watch
here anyway you need water to cool down
a power plant so that all the little
widgets don't overheat and burn your
city down or whatever so you dam up the
river where you need to collect water
and then you bring the water in to cool
down all the power stuff and you let it
back out into the river just a little
toastier or you spill a bunch of oil
into it either one this cooling
reservoir originally called town lake
was created to be a trash pool and if
that wasn't sexy enough in the 80s they
rebuilt its major bridge on Congress
Avenue with a bunch of gaps underneath
as a design feature which accidentally
became a nesting ground for rabid bats
visit beautiful Austin so why don't we
talk about Austin's littoral cesspool in
the same way we talk about other dammed
up sections of the Colorado River like
Lake Mead and its infamous bathtub ring
that makes so definitely obvious the
effects of water overuse and climate
change or lake powell which became an
accidental dumping ground for
bright-orange
toxic mining waste in 2015 because
ladybird lakes got a PR team that works
harder than Kris Jenner the Holly Street
power plant in Austin started closing
down in 2004 so once they stopped
being toxic sludge into the lake they
rebranded it like when you want to take
a boring suburban neighborhood and make
it sound fancy so you rename it
something like glistening Pines or
presidential Bluff or whatever you can
do that landmarks too so in 2006 the
Congress Avenue Bridge your friendly
neighborhood bat sanctuary was renamed
for former Texas governor and Richards
which I don't know seems fitting because
as only the second woman governor of
Texas and a lefty feminist one at that
she had to come out fighting like a bat
from hell in 2007 the water under the
bridge
was renamed for former first lady
ladybird Johnson as first lady her whole
platform was about beautifying public
lands while her husband's complex
presidency included things like creating
Medicare and signing the Voting Rights
Act and Civil Rights Act and also
escalating the Vietnam War you know kind
of like a sparkling body of water with
some toxic sludge in it beautifying then
Town Lake was an important project to
Lady Bird during her life and in 2009
Austinites launched a large-scale
volunteer effort dedicated to cleaning
up the trash in and around it with no
more power plant polluting the water and
a lot of public attention focused on
making it usable slowly the water
quality began to improve the City of
Austin even lifted the ban on eating
fish caught in the lake in the late 90s
and remember while bats well that
conservationist came in to protect the
bats living under the Congress
Brij and educate the public about their
importance of the environment now it's
home to the largest urban bat colony in
the world and the bats are important
part of Boston's tourist economy there's
so much life happening in and around the
lake you almost forget it's not safe to
swim in or drink so this lady bird body
of water that runs through the middle of
Texas it's a recreational paradise it's
a monument to Texas progressives people
who fought to survive and succeed in
unlikely territory it's proof that none
of us are ever beyond redemption but it
is not a lake in comments tell me about
something in your city that is more
complicated than it seems if you like
this video please share it with someone
who you think might like it and I will
see you soon bye
