hi friends so my freshman year of high
school I got an electric guitar so
naturally the first thing I did was
start a band
my best friend who played piano and I
started practicing harmonies on
something corporate songs and I had
piles and piles of would be lyrics
written down in notebooks so all we had
to do was figure out how to write music
I loved the way my guitar looked it
added a certain gravitas to my blue and
yellow flower covered bedroom but the
way it felt was completely different my
hands were just too small and slow and
clumsy to form chords and I would just
look up tabs at my favorite songs and
quit like halfway through the first
verse because I couldn't make it work
but my gran dreams or punk rock stardom
weren't anywhere near finished I would
just tell my friend that as soon as I
got quicker at changing chords then we
could start recording covers and then
we'd write songs and then the EP and
then the album so in the meantime we
picked out a band name properly EEMA one
with like four too many words we got my
friend to photoshop us a logo and set up
a MySpace page we recruited a bassist in
my friend's shitty boyfriend and even
picked out a title for our first EP I
did everything but actually learn to
play the guitar by the time my friend
had dumped her boyfriend and myspace
stopped being a thing and all of the
band t-shirt and sticker designs got
lost to the clutter of my desktop files
I still hadn't gotten any faster at
changing chords that wouldn't come for
another few years where instead of being
on an imagined stage coming up sad but
poetic lyrics to a group of floppy
haired teens I was sitting on my bedroom
floor switching between C and G C and G
over and over until I could play through
a song without stopping to figure out
the chord position it took me an hour a
day every
Bingle day for a whole summer to get to
a level above not totally sucking but it
was worth every minute because I learned
that you can't start something until you
start so tell me in the comments about
something that you've started lately if
you like this video you can subscribe if
you're so inclined you can also find me
in all my social medias in the links
below and I will see you next week bye
