hi friends so the first time my brother
went to vote he registered at the polls
and as legend has it when the people in
line heard that he was 18 and voting for
the first time they actually applauded
him my entrance into the political
sphere was not so grand I was 17 and a
half when president obama won his first
presidential race in 08 i had been
chomping at the bit to participate in
the democratic process since i was in
eighth grade and dragged my parents to a
John Kerry rally so that i could post
about it on my secret political
livejournal i wanted so badly to get my
own little piece of hope and change at
the ballot box but being a too young
slightly wimpy reincarnation of that
character in The Breakfast Club who gets
a fake ID so that he can vote I just
wrote a persuasive essay about why the
voting age should be lowered to 16
instead still I've never felt more proud
than when I put my first ballot in that
zippy machine and collected my first I
voted sticker since then I've gotten to
vote for a president and a senator and
governor and governor again and governor
again but even with those more exciting
races I tried never to skip out on
elections for things like state
representative or City Council because
voting you guys is really important I
hear my peers say things like that they
don't vote because they don't feel like
anybody represents them or they don't
feel like their vote matters but you
want to know a cool thing some 120 plus
million people vote for president but
it's a lot less for your congressperson
or your state or city government there
your vote makes up a larger share of the
collective voice and those little guys
on the ticket that you've probably never
even heard of it's quite likely that the
decisions they make have a more
immediate impact on your everyday life
than even what your president does I
mean still vote for president please
anything that will get you to vote but
this is a way that we can all together
make our world
a little better or a little worse but
trust me it's not a thing that for
anybody makes no difference at all and
there's a reason that I get so excited
about that little I voted sticker
because politics tend to make people
feel cynical but you walk around an
election day among a sea of people with
that little sticker on of people that to
some degree somehow actually believed
that together we matter and I know that
we do so if you're in the US and you're
thinking hmm I want to vote but I don't
really know how that works you're in
luck i happen to have written a handy
series that will tell you everything
that you need to do to vote in your
particular state or territory go watch
it learn the things get registered
sooner than later and vote in the
comments tell me a story of either the
first time you voted or another time
that your voice mattered if you liked
this video you can subscribe if you're
so inclined you can also find me on all
my social using the links below and I
will see you next week bye
