hi friends so my parents didn't want me
to be a stereotype the one where black
people don't swim my mom didn't learn
herself until high school and I think
that her embarrassment of having to
learn to Bob her head underwater in the
shallow end while her classmates did
laps is exactly what propelled us into
the membership bought this of our local
community pool but you know I am my
mother's daughter so I did everything
that I could to avoid learning how to
swim I would pitch every kind of fit
about going to swimming lessons so much
so that my parents had to bribe me with
beanie babies if I could get through a
class without crying I was so timid
about having to breathe or that I
couldn't open my eyes underwater or
trying to figure out how to swim in a
straight line that I got held back a
level in swimming lessons so during the
pools annual fourth of July party I was
just soaked through with dread they were
contest for the kids all day with
fabulous prizes like a candy bar or one
entire dollar and to win you had to do
things like swim the farthest underwater
without coming up for air or collect the
most diving rings at the bottom of the
pool these are not things you will find
within my particular set of skills my
brother was just picking up free ice
cream sandwiches left and right but I
was that kid just clinging to the
floating landline all morning damp and
sad towards the end of the afternoon
they announced a different kind of
contest hula hooping now I may not be a
strong swimmer but your girl is hula
hoop master well most kids just couldn't
keep a steady rotation going I could do
every challenge they threw at me
whoo-hoo ball walking whoo-hoo were
walking backwards whoo loop on one leg
whoo-hoo while turning in a circle
whoo-hoo while jumping up and down until
finally I was the last kid standing I
want I was the hula-hoop champion my mom
by the way when the adult division of
the hula hoop challenge because of
course so recently a colleague of mine
at work was giving me some
about how to feel more confident my job
which was not to get so anxious about
the things that I don't know how to do
but to instead focus even more energy on
the things I do best to double down on
my dopeness and that put me right back
at the fourth of July pool party because
as long as I tried to be a great summer
I was always frustrated always coming in
a little bit behind sure I had to learn
to swim enough to stay safe but as soon
as I realized that my talents were
outside of the pool I wasn't the worst
swimmer anymore I was the hula-hoop
champion of the world or you know one
pool in one particular neighborhood in
Wisconsin but it counts so in the
comments I want to know how you double
down on your dopeness what's the
strength that you have that makes
everything else that you do a little bit
better if you liked this video you can
subscribe if you're so inclined you can
also find me on all my social medias in
the links below and I will see you next
week bye
