my friends so like a million years ago I
got a tumblr asked from someone who
wanted to know about how to get out of a
writing slump but not just any kind of
regular writer's block thing that kind
of writing slump where you did a good
thing a long time ago and you feel like
you can never do a good thing like that
again you feel like you've peaked you
feel stuck trust me I've been there this
is maybe kind of one of those videos
where I give you advice but it's really
for myself so if what's stopping you
from finishing a thing is the fear that
it's not gonna be good enough I'm just
gonna counter whatever your friends and
family are probably telling you that
you're great and the last thing that you
wrote is so great and say it's not gonna
be good enough it isn't the thing that
you write will probably not live up to
your standards the thing you're afraid
of is going to happen but hey now you
know I heard from someone recently I
think it was Linda piracy that the only
thing a first draft has to do is exist
and I'm gonna link an essay in the
description below called shitty first
drafts by Anne Lamott she is way better
advice than I can give about how to just
get something down on paper or keyboard
more likely the cool thing is he can
finish it for yourself and just not show
anyone like you can write a whole thing
and then immediately after just select
all and bleep or you can just show it to
your best friend or your tumblr family
or whoever you know will say really
supportive things to you whatever you
need to do to get the thing done do it
and then I think the thing that maybe
you're a little more scared of is
eventually you have to leave the
supportive bubble or stop hiding your
work away maybe you finished writing
your first or your a second or your
tenth thing and you just don't feel
quite there yet or maybe your friends
are saying really supportive stuff but
you don't feel confident yourself about
the level that you're at Sandra's just
knows what this great thing that will
link below if I can find it about how if
you just surround yourself with people
who are only gonna look at the thing you
made and say that's nice mija because
they love you
you never
grow you don't get pushed to do the work
that it takes to make yourself a better
writer or better whatever I mean the
first time that somebody said something
really mean about my writing I didn't
write for two years but I'd be lying if
I didn't say that once I started writing
again that fueled me I took a really
hard look at myself and realize that
maybe short fiction isn't my wheelhouse
but essays super art and then practiced
writing them a whole hell of a lot and
it makes me feel mad satisfied now to
look back and see how far my writing has
come and to remember that I actually get
paid to write now any stand-up comedian
will tell you that bombing is so
important not because it tells you which
jokes work in which don't that can
highly depend on the crowd and the mood
and the night but it teaches you that
you can survive you'll have writing that
just doesn't land but eventually you
develop this superpower to just be like
hmm okay and then write another thing
having been in a slump is kind of a gift
because you get to try new things like
everything is new you can write in a
different style or use a different
technique or draw instead of write I
started writing what I think are some of
my best blogs after spending a lot of
time reading Glenda Perry who is mainly
a cartoonist and trying all sorts of
weird things might lead you to make some
of your best work or your worst work but
either way you got it made so in the
comments leave your best advice for
getting out of creative slump or ask
your own questions and we'll help each
other if you liked this video you can
subscribe if you're so inclined you can
also find me on all my social medias in
the links below and I will see you next
week bye
