I've decided to film in my pajamas today
and we're all just gonna be okay with
that hi friends when Aretha Franklin
died last week it seemed like everybody
felt newly emotional about music putting
on our hits from the 60s that they
probably hadn't listened to in years it
got me thinking about the nostalgia we
attach to the music we grew up with my
mom told me that Aretha was the
soundtrack to cleaning the house when
she was a kid so soul music usually went
on when was time to clean in our house
too but when I think about the music
that I grew up with the music that I
heard before I was old enough to choose
my own sitting on the floor by the
boombox listening for them to play the
top eight most requested songs of the
day on the radio every night so I could
write them down on a note card and keep
track of what was cool before all that
were the songs that my dad would sing
around the house
my dad is high key an extremely good
singer by the way but I like to think
that he walked around singing without
all too much thinking about the fact
that he was doing it like I can still
hear him walking down the stairs with
the laundry basket singing Sam Cooke's
wonderful world
he never saying aretha thank God except
for like maybe in like a comical
falsetto but we all know that no one can
do justice to the Queen it was more just
like a lot of washing dishes and putting
my groceries to classic box like Billy
Joel's for the longest time
music
my favorite were the lullabies like when
my dad was putting us to bed he didn't
sing all the traditional lullabies you
know like he wasn't messing around with
twinkle twinkle little star okay look
this was not a fairy shaka household my
dad would just sing the songs he liked
like whatever made him happy to sing my
favorite was his softened slowed down
version of Bobby Darren's beyond the sea
but the real song builds to all these
horns and cymbals and a big brass
section so much that when I actually
heard the real song for the first time I
thought it was like this overdone cover
because to me that song is softness and
safety and four little walls and a
blanket tucked under my chin
and clearly that must have made some
kind of impression on me because when I
was in high school and started
babysitting this one little boy I was
helping get ready for bed
ask me I sing him a lullaby and I froze
up because I couldn't think of any I was
like what 14 so even singing in front of
a tiny child made me hella nervous so I
stalled for a second trying to think of
what to sing and then I remembered to
just sing something I liked whatever
made me happy to sing
find out
oh I'm telling you once an emo kid
always an emo kid and by the way if
you're waiting for the Aretha song to
pop up in this video it's not gonna
happen I'm not a fool anyway I think
wouldn't be mourn musicians it's not
necessarily that we missed the actual
person but we're also mourning the
memories that we associate with their
music we're wistful for the road trips
we took with them or the school dances
we had with them or the mundanity of
having them on in the background while
we folded clothes or the people who sang
us to sleep in comments about the music
that you have important memories of and
if you like this video please share it
with someone who you think might like it
maybe the person that you shared those
memories with and I will see you soon
bye
