hi friends so for my 10th birthday party
my friends came over and we had a Dairy
Queen ice cream cake I open presents and
then my parents herded us all on to the
back porch to grab a red solo cup each
fill it in with a scoop of dirt make a
hole to the first knuckle of our index
finger and drop in a few carrot seeds it
was a lot of fun to watch the little
green top sprout up saying hello I'm
here I'm going to make you a wonderful
carrot but maybe from some too eager
watering or just not having enough space
and being choked up in that plastic cup
before it could ever become a delicious
root vegetable it's tripled up and died
in other news I recently made a
temporary move from my job that requires
me to spend the next half a dozen months
in a city in the desert that I'd never
even visited before a week ago got here
and I unpacked my air mattress and I sat
in this little concrete cube alone with
the pictures falling off my wall because
the tape wouldn't stick the gang where
the hell am I and what have I done it's
not the first time I've done zone
like this but it never gets easier maybe
it gets more difficult every time but
whenever I find myself some way new I
remember that thing that we all get told
by our first grade teachers right bloom
where you're planted it's a thing they
tell children and Catholic school to
teach them that they can be good and
helpful and useful wherever they go
bloom and the cracks in the sidewalk
bloom in a tiny plastic cup but things
don't exactly balloon here bloom where
you're planted that's easy to say when
you move to an actual literal rain
forest but it's sometimes a phrase that
kind of Rob's you of your agency right
this plant metaphors go I prefer the
David bezane lyric all only should curse
their branches for not letting them
decide where they should fall I packed
up and rolled out here before I even
knew when I had signed up for I drove
into town thinking don't tell me I'm
seriously supposed to struggle down
roots here in a city dropped into the
desert where people survive every day
despite being about as meant to live
here as we are on Mars the plants here
aren't pretty they're few and far
between they're small and dusty and
toughened up from the Sun their
tenacious but don't bloom
here just because that's where they were
planted but because this plan is not for
everyone and they're the only ones who
managed to survive and will I bloom here
I have no idea so in the comments I'd
like to know what do you do when you're
really really homesick if you liked this
video you
consider subscribing you're so inclined
you can also find me at all my social
medias and links below and I will see
you next week bye
