hi friends Celebi let you in on a little
secret when I felt things in high school
the way that I dealt with it was to sit
in my room and write but one night I was
feeling emotionally distressed about a
boy and I had already written all the
poems and copied down all the song
lyrics and I didn't feel better so I
popped my blood brothers CD into the
boom box that I gotten for Christmas in
fifth grade and I hardcore danced alone
in my bedroom imagined little tailor
tears streaming down her face just
throwing windmills punching the air but
I didn't know any other way to get the
pain that I was feeling inside out but
that's being a woman right that's what
we carry when we see women in movies and
TV deal with pain it's almost always
internal they lock themselves up in a
room alone
they journal they cry silent tears in
the corner of a dimly lit bathroom maybe
at the very most they'll cut off their
own hair because the only way they have
ever been taught to deal with the pain
is to turn it back on themselves they
don't want to wear their wounds and the
open lest it be starting drama and is it
really any wonder because when women
bear their pain in silence and with
stiff upper lips that's who we call
strong huh but by contrast there's the
women burning things tumblr or there's
Tao in one of my favorite musicians from
Tallinn - get down stay down who treats
performing on stage like unleashing the
Beast Within she just wrote a brilliant
record about being abandoned by her
father feeling broken into a million
pieces but when she gets on stage she
wants you to know that she will eat you
in her words she takes the meekness and
t---minus
and Submission that's expected of you
and turns it into crazy eyes and
snarling and screaming or I told myself
I wasn't gonna talk about lemonade god
damn it there's beyonce channeling the
Yoruba daddy ocean goddess of the fresh
water and the color golden yellow and of
femininity and joy but also suffering
and revenge she stopped the internet for
an hour to say look at my pain look at
my anger she put her husband and her
father and systemic racism and the
patriarchy all on glass swinging a
baseball bat and laughing like you know
me better run and hide but we see these
images and they kind of scare us we're
not used to seeing women hurt with teeth
we expect ourselves to collapse and to
cry but not ever to fuck shit up and
maybe that's because of how powerful it
is we're not supposed to be violent
we're not supposed to be angry but well
let ourselves spend fifteen or thirty
four seventy years with an ache in our
chest not knowing how to get it out but
whether you're throwing down in your
bedroom or setting fire to a plantation
house on an HBO special there is a place
for payments visceral and visible and
loud even the queen bee herself quoting
the poet war sunshine said I tried to
change closed my mouth more tried to be
soft prettier
less awake because that's what we think
we're supposed to be but I'd like to
suggest instead that women are ferocious
beasts now that's not something that I
or anyone else is giving you permission
to be
so if you're hurting hurt if you're
angry get angry and you can tell me in
the comments what you think about pain
and how you feel it or what you thought
about lemonade and I will see you next
week bye
