hi friends the first time that I loved
being black was when the touring company
of the Lion King musical performed in my
hometown there were so many people with
amazing voices and brown skin it was
like nothing I'd ever seen in fact I
think that was the first time that I had
ever seen
another black woman and thought wow
she's beautiful I was 17 of course the
most recent time that I loved being
black was when I watched the video for
formation now I have a complicated
relationship with race that I have
talked about in previous videos but just
like the little black girls and a 1939
experiment that asked them to assign
characteristics to either a black doll
or a white doll and they gave the white
dolls characteristics like good pretty
nice and the black dolls stupid ugly bad
I too spent much of my life hiding from
my blackness I talked in a certain way
straighten my hair cover myself in
sunscreen and long sleeves to try to
prevent it my skin from getting any
darker I avoided wearing lipstick to not
draw attention to my big lips it hasn't
even been two years since I stopped
doing some of that but no matter
what I did to try and control it more
than every once in a while my blackness
would just come back up and smack me in
the face again there'd be the kids who'd
come back from Spring Break with fresh
tans holding their arms up to mine and
saying look I'm almost black or the
friend in high school who by way of a
backhanded compliment Wednesday
your hair almost looks white but you
definitely have a black person nose or
there'd be two times that I'd get in the
shower after a day at the beach just
hoping that some of the pigment might
wash off of my skin all of those moments
built within me implicit bias those
underlying assumptions that we all have
despite our best efforts to be equal and
inclusive that tell us white equals
good and black equals bad and it's hard
to overcome one of the researchers
studying implicit bias said that he was
only able to pass the test after a day
of watching black athletes dominate the
Summer Olympics but if we need black
excellence to be able to love ourselves
then yesterday we got it
Beyonce looking powerful as hell syncing
a squad car shaking her ass in a
plantation house but little boy who
turned up so hard he made the cops put
their hands up Blue Ivy Blue Ivy though
literally dancing on top of oppression
in a black feminist girl squad now I
know I still have biracial privilege and
that my skin's a lighter shade of brown
and that my hair texture is on the
finite side but still when I watched
that video I felt vindicated I pretty
sure that every flat iron and contour
brush in America got land filled
yesterday and I'm gonna place in my life
where I don't hide from the sunshine
anymore I want to be brown as hell but
Beyonce took our melanin and turned it
into pure gold look black hope do a lot
of mourning we spend a lot of time in
anger but finally we had a chance to
celebrate what we've been taught to hate
for so long we get to watch little brown
kids grow up to love their hair and
their skin and their bodies even while
we still fight to protect their right to
exist so this video has been brought to
you by unapologetic blackness but in the
comments I want you to tell me something
about yourself that it took you a long
time to love if you liked this video you
can consider subscribing if you are so
inclined you can also find me on all my
social medias in the links below and I
will see you next week bye
