hi friends so my first one was a
landline which occurs to me is something
that some of you may never have had it
was just a piece of black plastic with
buttons that glowed green when he picked
up the receiver and he'd be damned if
you're trying to get me to use it to do
anything as simple as order of pizza but
I did use it everyday after walking home
from school to call my best friend Lisa
I wrapped that curly phone cord around
my fingers and my wrists and around the
legs of chairs as I paced around the
kitchen table while we talked about
computer games or how much makeup we
could get away with wearing without our
moms noticing we talked so much I
dreamed of having my own line my own
number in my own room
but I would get one of those purple
see-through plastic phones where you
could see all the inner workings Lisa
and I had grown apart by seventh grade
never to speak again until we ended up
accidental neighbors in our college dorm
room but I can still remember how to
tile her parents phone number by heart I
can still hear the touch-tone boop boop
boop boop boop boop boop
now for those of you who are terrified
of phones fear not I am NOT here to rail
against the rising generation for
preferring to communicate in a different
way than I do after all I'm one of you
lovable more people who strongly prefers
text communication and hates the outside
it's just that I've been thinking a lot
about the objects we use as proxies for
the words and voices of people we love I
can't remember what I said in those
after school phone calls or even what my
friends voice sounded like but I
remember the mechanics of it so well you
do what you write like probably don't
have boxes of Cree stuff love letters
you may not remember twirling your first
phone quarter on your wrist
but you've agonized over their bread
receipts from tasks from a new love or a
new friend you know exactly whether
their words appear in green bubbles or
blue I can picture my parents fiddling
with their
had half a country away trying to get
both of their faces in the face time
frame but I can't remember exactly what
we talked about even last week I think
that as we become able to communicate
with people farther and farther away
maybe we still want something close to
us we can't hug someone or put our hands
through their hair maybe we'll settle
for fiddling with wires or treating our
phones as phantom limbs always patting
ourselves down to make sure they're
there so I want to know in the comments
what objects you substitute for the
people you love who are not near to you
do they have any particular significance
or did they just happen to be in the
right place at the right time you could
also send me a picture of that thing if
you like on Twitter Tumblr Instagram
snapchat or peach using the links below
you can also subscribe if you are so
inclined and I will see you next week
bye
