hi friends so I'm a relatively small
person and that has advantages for sure
I can make a reading nook out of most
closets cabinets and pieces of furniture
I can weasel my way to the front of
pretty much any concert and there's no
mass cultural disapproval of me being
the size that I am but there are
definitely times where I wish I was not
quite so small in stature like this week
when I was walking on my way to pick up
this here piece of art and grab a cup of
tea that was not this exact cup but very
similar half a block away from me a man
met my eyes he was walking directly down
the Sun and a sidewalk holding something
a coffee cup and umbrella I don't
remember and as I moved aside to pass
him he shifted left to so I stepped
right and so did he and this wasn't one
of those things where two people get
locked in an unintentional merengue
trying to let each other by he was
staring directly into my eyes in a way
that let me know he was trying to get in
my way when I finally managed to do sort
of a half spin and barely squeeze around
him there was a woman trying to pass him
from the other direction I nearly ran
her into a store window and she was the
one to say sorry no I've been straight
crossed lenti this wasn't even close to
one of the more egregious times but if
you've been around that feminist blog
for a minute you know how women are
expected to make themselves small sit
with your legs crossed while the dude
next to on the train is man sweating
like his soul depends on it move out of
the way of do types when you're walking
through the world because they have the
right of way make your physical body
your muscles and you're fat and you're
freaking organs occupy as little space
as you possibly can just disappear into
the background become like
a sexy subservient ghost if at all
possible and I am small but I am no wisp
of a person so when scary eyes sidewalk
dude tried to get in my way there was no
time I more wanted to have one of those
Alice in Wonderland eat me drink me
things so that I could just balloon up
like an angry dragon screaming excuse
the fuck out of you but I didn't I made
myself as narrow as I could I tried to
stay out of his way I watched another
woman who I almost collided with
apologized for taking up space so I want
to know in the comments has there ever
been a time where you wish that you
could be bigger or smaller has there
ever been a time when someone tried to
make you feel small and you didn't let
them and if you liked this video you can
consider subscribing you can also find
me on all my social medias in the links
below and I'll see you next week I
too big
some of this
