- so our class was always my favorite
class in high school even though my
teacher was this gruff red-faced
military but who would yell at you if
the hem of your jeans dragged on the
ground the art room felt more like mine
than any other place between the years
of 2007 and 2009 not only did I take
every art class that was possible for me
to cram into my schedule I also spent
all of my free periods in the art room
and my lunch periods - if I could
convince the teacher to lock me into the
art room by myself as long as I promise
to be really really quiet while he went
on his lunch break once I finished all
my art class products I started painting
a series of meals that to my knowledge
are still hanging in the basement of my
high school next to the piano room but
those were done I would draw on tables
or paint napkins or just take my art
assignments and turn them up to eleven
twelve out of my senior year I was
assigned a linoleum printing project and
I carved out those glum looking
anthropomorphize slushie from an inside
joke that I had with my art class
friends and after I did the four clean
prints that I was required to do I just
kind of kept going I couldn't think of
anything that felt quite so nice as
rolling out
ink on a plate of glass or smoothing out
the newsprint and making sure there were
no bubbles or stashing yet another fresh
print in the supply closet I did it for
weeks I must have made hundreds of those
things before my art teacher found my
stash and banned me from the art room
because I was so enthusiastically
obsessed with printmaking that I
couldn't be stopped switch gears for a
second and say you're like
hypothetically in like a depressive
episode type situation loving something
as much as I loved printing slushies is
not something your brain is able to do
and if you're in it long enough you can
sometimes forget that you ever could you
might not have energy to make those
things that used to bring you some
joy like prince or these videos here
because you might not have the energy to
feed yourself or get outside of your
apartment and you can start to tell
yourself lies about how you're a
worthless nothing person and you'll
never accomplish anything and those are
dangerous that's why I'm so good at
sometimes what I do with this fake point
to the camera at myself and I tell you
weird little stories about things that
happen to me once because even when
you're deep in you're nothing person
cave you can sometimes be paging through
a notebook and find a little reminder of
a sad-looking slushee and think oh man
that made me so happy once the last few
weeks months have been a little tough
but even though I may not even be
halfway out of the woods yet I'm
reminded about how much I need story I
need to remember that I got banned from
art because I liked it too much and
because speedballing is hella expensive
I need to remember that in the literary
archetype of a hero's journey the hero
has to journey to hell and back and
return powerful and changed I need to
know that this is gonna be like the most
captivating chapter of my memoir someday
remember that time when things were
really shitty and look how good they are
now and look how I survived in the
comments please tell me about a story
that you cling to when you need to
remind yourself who you are or tell me
about a thing that you loved or still
loved as much as I enjoyed making slushy
prints and if you like this video you
can consider subscribing you can also
talk to me on all my social medias which
I have linked for your convenience below
and I will see you next week bye
