hi friends so NASA just announced that
they're going to be opening up astronaut
applications to the public and thousands
of people are going to apply to be
launched into the vastness and emptiness
of the universe but why though
admittedly I haven't always understood
the human obsession with space there may
have been a not so nuanced essay that I
wrote in fifth grade arguing that the
government pull funding from NASA and
put it into education and I certainly
could not explain to you any of the
major plot points of the original Star
Wars trilogy despite having seen them
all maybe more than once I can sing the
Ewok song though but sometimes I wonder
what it is in us as a collective species
that inspires this fascination white art
and track and study these tiny shining
specks in the sky why strap ourselves to
explosives and launch ourselves into
cold and darkness sometimes two very
disastrous effects there's plenty of
science to science right here right so
why space now I've dug myself into a bit
of a Wikipedia cavern where I've become
like highly obsessed with the original
mercury 7 space bros like that first
guinea pig cruel Americans to launch
themselves into orbit and I think about
this like bravado and self-importance
that must have motivated those first
missions we built this grand like
fantastical story about what's out there
and how would conquer the universe and
who would get there first think about
how someone like Alan Shepard the first
American in space would possess the
nerve like sitting in a tin can of a
spacecraft having wet his pants because
the people at NASA kind of forgot to
even consider that that might be a thing
still have the confidence in this whole
bananas project to just start off like
why don't you just fix your little
problem and light this candle I wrote
that by the way
on a picture of the freedom 7 rocket and
put it above my desk to try and steal a
little bit of that bravery and keep it
for myself but then I see that famous
photo of the blue marble taken the crew
of the Apollo 17 that became legendary
in its ability to unify us all you know
because from way out there in the cosmos
there's just this tiny swirly sphere
that has all of us on it all of us and
there's a reason that it's such a trope
that like two people separated by
unimaginable distance can both look up
at the same night sky and be seeing the
same thing and share some sort of
connection and experience okay so maybe
we go to space to assert our power and
courage and vastness but on the other
side just ahead turn away we see how
small we are insignificant even and
deeply dependent on one another I've
never had a deep understanding of space
I'll never go there and I definitely
have more of a fascination with the
people who go there than the thing
itself but I think I have a better sense
now that whatever it is that we see out
there whatever we believe about space
and why we study it is deeply human so I
want to know in the comments what you
think about space would you ever apply
to be an astronaut if your space person
please tell me what most excites you
about it so I can you know Wikipedia
further and try and get on your level
and if you like to hang out with me here
today you can consider subscribing of
your son Klein can also find me on the
social medias let's blow and I'll see
you next week bye
