hello there everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel a
little while ago I reacted to Billy
Eilish and that video went really well
you seemed to really enjoy it so I
thought let's do part two because I
quite enjoyed Billy last time I'm keen
to delve into some more of her music so
I went through the comments of the last
Billy video and I chose a bunch of songs
that you guys suggested I want to
mention something really really quickly
so you may have noticed I'm wearing this
sweatshirt this is actually part of my
new merchandise a good friend of mine
whose channel is called cakes by chopper
went ahead and designed this merchandise
and I think it came out really really
well I've had them up on a store for a
while and a few of you have already
bought them but I thought I'd let you
know in case you want to pick one up
represent that positivity and the brand
they don't have like my name or anything
on them because I thought just having a
nice message would be like ideal you
know doesn't have to be about me if
you're a viewer in the US they should
show up below my videos otherwise
there's a link in the description below
anyway let's move on the first song
we're listening to is called you should
see me in a crown right let's do this
it's just like creepier than I expected
Oh
I know that reference she said oh
eyes you should see me spiders don't
appreciated this Billy
this sounds like remarkably different to
the other stuff we listen to stop it
stop it I don't appreciate this is she
saying like she's like a queen I mean
that's the obvious meaning right I'm not
your baby I'm a queen that is extremely
unnerving and I think that's the
intention funnily enough one interesting
part is that it's very very common for
the female spiders to be the big ones
and male spiders are normally like tiny
and only exist to breed with the females
so I guess spiders are like the ultimate
Queens right fun fact this video almost
over I can't deal with this
okay I mean I liked the song I mean and
even parts of the inventory there in the
video were pretty cool and I mean I
guess overall the whole thing was pretty
cool also it's a whole lot of nope so no
meaning wise I didn't really like
extract too much from that I think I was
just way too distracted and this might
just be like spitballing or reaching but
it kind of felt as though there was this
whole vibe of like don't patronize me I
guess and as all of you said to me in
the last video she's very very young and
was even younger when she released a lot
of these songs so maybe it's to do with
like not being patronized in the
industry right I'm sure cuz she's young
she's smoking down to a lot and there's
a lot of condescension I've been there
I'm sure all you have to I mean that's
what I take from it so the next song is
called I don't to be you anymore that's
actually how it's written there's no
spaces so it's I don't want to be you
anymore I call I like that backing track
this is super smooth and groovy I am
into this a lot I listen to ocean eyes
quite a bit since my last video and I
really really like her high-pitched
stuff because her voice is just so so
nice to listen to when it goes like that
especially like quite breathy I like the
way that the beat kind of like breaks up
the sentences it gives this awesome kind
of like pulsing feel to the song
oh I'm an idiot
I've only literally just realized that
she's saying say the mirror what it's
heard before I don't want to be you
anymore like as though she's saying to
herself
obviously that she doesn't want to be
herself she wants to change or be
someone else
well that's sad I'm really disappointed
in myself that I didn't pick up that
meaning earlier but also that's just
kind of sad so far I really prefer that
song that was just like really really
pleasant to listen to it ticked a lot of
boxes for me and the way that she uses
her voice in the backing track in that
as well is like just really really nice
overall I was quite a big fan of that
okay so the next song is called when the
party is over see that's what I mean the
way that she uses her voice as like
backing vocals here so nice oh this is
where she's like changed her look right
I saw a thumbnail where she had blue
hair I love blue hair I think it's
amazing
I love those layered vocals especially
that they're like all slightly different
it's a cup it was like a vase or
something
she'd drinkin that quick she is gonna
have the hiccups I feel like her music
videos are bringing that like okay there
we go just as I was about to say they're
bringing in like this artistic element
that you kind of don't see in too many
artists these days
she seems to have this like recurring
theme of kind of lying to yourself I
think which I'm sure is something that a
lot of people can relate to
go that looks like ink I feel like this
would be incredibly terrible to film and
have a broader there is beautiful and
because there wasn't like all that much
else going on in the music there it just
like really really highlighted how great
her vibrato was her vocals in that song
were insane I still think I preferred
the song before that I don't want to be
you anymore that was just kind of more
my style
I wonder if this next song watch is
gonna beat that honestly in regards to
meaning I didn't really manage to pull
that much out of that last song so I'd
love to hear your opinions as to like
what that was about
obviously there's like an element of
either lying to yourself or lying to
others which I guess was also similar in
theme to I don't want to be you anymore
anyway let's listen to the next and last
Sol we're gonna listen to called watch
our own cars I'm always a fan of like
synchronized dancing that's an
interesting line if we were meant to be
we would have been by now I feel like
that's that's a cool line because
everyone always seems to learn like
force relationships or something like
that but that's a line to me that's just
to say like things have to come
naturally oh no actually I like burn her
what I'm getting from this so far is
that it is about relationships but in a
way like seeing about how relationships
need to be authentic right
that line is well like watch my heart
burn with a fire you started in me kind
of makes me feel as though there's an
element of like self-sabotage from
whoever they're in a relationship where
they started some like fire that led to
her realizing that their relationship
was inauthentic
with the fire that you started oh is she
gonna set herself on fire
okay that's some interesting symbolism
yeah 10 Lea's that could be like some
representation of like burning your old
self you know because when like huge
life changes happen in essence you kind
of can become a new person right leaving
a certain section of your life and by
extension a part of you behind
I quite like that last song too actually
overall it's been particularly difficult
trying to like discern exactly what the
messages or themes are in each of these
songs I feel like I got a couple of them
but others are just so layered and just
packed full of meaning that I feel like
I'm gonna have to rewatch them to like
properly understand overall I think
Billie Eilish is an incredibly talented
musician and it makes me jealous that
she's like so young she's like what six
or seven years younger than me I'm not
sure if she's sixteen or seventeen and
yes I just kind of I wish I had like
half the talent that she does I can tell
you for sure right now that I am gonna
go ad I don't want to be you any more to
my playlist that's gonna be something
I'm definitely gonna listen to while I'm
on the train anyway I feel like I've
talked so much about my thoughts on
those songs I want to pass it off to you
what do you think of those songs did you
enjoy them I'm also keen to hear what
you think the meanings are I'm sure they
are very very much open to
interpretation so I want to hear yours
thank you so much for watching and I
hope you enjoyed the video if you did
please don't forget to click that like
button and as always have an awesome
time until I see you next see ya
