hello there everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
today we're going to be reacting to the
latest new song by Liam Payne which is
called depend on it as far as I'm aware
there's not really like a music video
for this it's just like audio on his
youtube channel I like I looked it up
and that's all I could find I wanted to
quickly talk about it because I actually
did something that I don't normally do
for these videos and I googled just a
little bit about it I did this mostly
because it's quite short and I didn't
want to be spending a bunch of time
trying to work out what it was about so
what I've gathered from the articles
I've read is that a ton of about how his
last relationship ended with someone
called Cheryl and I am so like out of
the loop that I don't know who Cheryl is
nobody's saying Cheryl's last name so
the first article I come across is who
is liam payne's girlfriend exactly who
is liam payne's girlfriend I don't know
Oh everyone's calling her Cheryl because
she goes by just Cheryl okay I have no
idea who this is God before we start
though if you're new here make sure you
click Subscribe internal notifications
so you never fight any time I upload in
your video let's do this
I was kind of expecting something slow
so I'm King we used to be loved touching
kiss you like I love depend on it
oh that's where depend on uh comes from
okay I wasn't quite sure how the title
was gonna come into play I assumed it
was gonna be like you were something I
depended on not like our lives depend on
it it's about to go down I'm not ready
okay so they're talking about a fight I
don't know just need us to try so it
sounds like the relationship isn't it
sort of like failing stretch where
they're like we don't know why we're
trying but we're just kind of all which
is really sad to see relationships in
like that always especially when
someone's like I need you though like
why are we putting up with this I don't
know but I know that I need you so we
don't
like I love to pan on it so just said if
we don't get back to that so it kind of
seems like I guess both parties are
aware of this I couldn't know what you
hiding I mean it certainly seems like
whoever liam is singing about is sort of
like on the receiving end so kind of
like I guess Liam is being broken up
with so that gives a bit of context to
those news articles too
yeah
it actually feels like liam is
channeling quite a bit of pain into this
pun not intended I swear to God you know
I actually quite enjoyed that I don't
think it's a song that I'd quite like
listened to but I'm really really glad
that I did listen to it here I'm glad I
got the chance to hear it once because I
think maybe like the last song that I
listened to by Liam was a little bit
superficial so I mean obviously I'm not
like happy that he's in pain
but it's really nice to hear him sing
something that I guess kind of feels
like it really really means something to
him and I mean he's being quite roaring
quite real here and talking about quite
intimate details of his love life which
I mean it's not something that's easy to
do but also that's like really brave
because it opens him up to all kinds of
different public perceptions one thing I
think is cool about like the titling of
that too is I kind of just got the
double meaning of it because you know
he's saying that our lives depend on you
know the loving touching etc and I guess
in an extent he's saying I depend on it
I need this in order to carry on I'm
pretty sure even flat out said that he
needs this but also given the way that
the lyrics go and the general message it
kind of feels like the relationship
really depended on that as well or at
least that's what Liam felt like hey you
know you don't want to cobble these
stuff and our relationship kind of
dependent on that kind of dependent on
that intimacy and closeness and maybe he
feels that without that all the negative
parts kind of got like a really intense
focus I feel like a son like that is
also quite interesting because what a
lot of people could relate to that one
thing I'm quite a big fan of just in
general whether it's for like movies TV
shows music whatever is specificity I
feel like a lot of people think that you
know if you're too specific with a piece
of work then people won't be able to
relate to it where actually I personally
think that the complete opposite is true
I see so many examples of people just
trying to be way too vague and all that
means is that no one can really take
anything out of it whereas when you I
guess particularly sing about something
that is so specific and so meaningful to
you people can extract their own meaning
and message out of it and I think that
comes from the fact that like people
don't necessarily relate to the words or
even the message of what's said in a
song but I
like people relate to the story that
story is something that pretty much
anyone who's been in a relationship can
relate to whether or not that
relationships broken up to be honest
even if it's still going I think people
can relate to that because of the
varying personal meanings and story that
they can extract from that for
themselves and I think that creating
something like that is so so difficult
so it's definitely worth a round of
applause all right so that's that I know
this was a pretty quick video I just
wanted to get this single done for you
guys because so many people have just
flooded my comment section with it
lately so thank you very much for
watching I hope you enjoyed the video if
you did please don't forget to click
that like button and as always have an
awesome time until I see you next see ya
