hello there everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
today we're gonna be reacting to do a
leaper funnily enough I only heard her
name through my comment section makes me
feel so old and so out of touch but
since you all have requested her a bunch
of times I've gathered a bunch of songs
we're gonna listen to them and I cannot
wait to give you my thoughts before we
start though if you're new here make
sure you click Subscribe and turn on
notifications so you get notified any
time I upload a video so the first one
we're gonna listen to is called idgaf
think we all know what that stands for
but excuse me this is a family-friendly
channel so you're not gonna catch me say
in that title and it's full extent looks
like a Mentos Mentos
you
okay I see where this is going already
sounds like I'm done with you leave it
I don't know either
I knew that line was coming but just the
way it was delivered still amused me
endlessly
you
she said that she's moved on there seems
to be a trend of like exes hitting
people up and being like oh I really
loved you you know I regret everything
happen I why do we bring goes the worst
and then it puts a lot of weird pressure
on the other person so that it's like
shut up I don't care leave me alone I'm
looking at all this and one thing that
I'm taking away from is like I so badly
would want to wear a blue suit like that
but I just know I could not pull it off
ya see that's what I was saying
all the sweet talk and everything like a
lot of it is like oh you were the better
you know I've had just so many other
girlfriends since you but oh my gosh you
were the best out of them all please
come back I'm generally of the mind of
like you broke up for a reason
surprisingly for me I actually quite
liked that song when it first started
and when I saw the title I was like I
don't think I'm gonna like this but
something about it man it was like
entertaining and I don't know a
interesting message so I'm gonna
actually add it to my playlist I imagine
myself working like hunched over
computer writing and just like that song
time I'm like that's how I that's how
how I type I think hearing songs like
that is pretty important because like I
said most of the time people break up
for a reason and if they want to get
back together that reason usually hasn't
changed so I'm always quite wary of that
and I don't know if I'd date any of my
exes because I know the reasons we broke
up and that incompatibility is
definitely still there regardless of how
much they as she says sweet-talk you
anyway those are just my thoughts let's
move on to the next song just called
scared to be lonely with Martin garrix
now I'm pretty sure I've listened to
Martin garrix but only in another
reaction video on here I feel like it
was a Troye Sivan reaction so I know
that he's an electronic artist and if I
remember correctly last time I kind of
liked the track that he made for Troy so
I'm pretty king it's like a remixed
violin
we're both losing the only reason
okay so listening to the lyrics combined
with the title seems like their
relationship isn't going very well but
the reason they're staying together is
because they want somebody they don't to
be alone which is is not a not a very
healthy way to be in a relationship like
that drop I'm just imagining listening
to this unlike speakers with a huge sub
yes so she's talking about fights and
slamming doors being angry and
essentially being unhappy
that's actually a reason that so many
people stay together literally just
because they're scared of not being
together I've known people that have
hung on in a relationship for years that
was just not working everyone around
them knew that it just wasn't working
but both of them had just been together
so long like I don't know what else I'm
gonna do what what is life without this
other person it's that whole thing about
how the devil you know is better than
the one you don't like you know what
it's like to be in a relationship that
you don't really like but you don't know
what it's like to be lonely and without
that person
I don't know this is just me kind of not
registering it probably but her voice
sounds quite different in this verse the
last one but I mean maybe that's just a
testament to versatility not necessarily
you know a change in artist
so the actual music there you know not
exactly my thing normally I can pinpoint
what it is that makes me not
particularly like a song but with that
one honestly I couldn't really tell you
I all I can say is that it just didn't
really appeal to me that said I actually
quite like the the lyrics and the
message behind the song because as I
said it's it's I think it's pretty
important to know when you are just
hanging on to a relationship because you
don't want to be alone because that's
unhealthy and not fair to the person
you're with or yourself anyway let's
move on to the next song which is called
new rules I haven't heard the song but I
feel like I've heard the song title is
that that super popular one yeah okay
loads of you have mentioned in the
comments section this song that you want
me to react to it so it's finally
happening I know it's been like months
but your wish is finally granted let's
do this something goes actually really
love for me goes sargon muscly but now
you making myself crazy actually like
the pitch of a voice here I'm a fan of
their like deeper sort of husky sound
and voice line don't pick up the phone
you know he's only coming cuz he's drunk
Oh new rules are like that literally
listing rules for I guess getting over a
guy when I saw the title
I wasn't expecting quite literally a
list of rules for dealing with the guys
all the rules she's listed so far very
reasonable I'll send him back from I
finally see the pattern I guess
sometimes you do need to be removed from
a situation to understand it and get a
new perspective there was a trippy
transition
oh no she's staying into other people
that's interesting
from that I kind of inferred a little
bit of like a song being a bit about
like women supporting each other because
all of her friends were helping her get
over this guy and now she's doing the
same for her friends and they're doing
all these activities together doing all
of this stuff so no I'm kind of getting
the gist of it being about making sure
you're supporting each other when it
comes to these relationships which I
actually find quite interesting because
that's pretty common isn't it I feel
like especially when it comes to
unrequited love and stuff like that your
friends are what really really hope you
get through stuff it's quite nice to see
a music video where I don't know it just
seems to be a bunch of friends
supporting each other I mean yeah the
topic kind of revolved around getting
over a guy but I kind of feel like the
message and implications of that
especially the music video we're a bit
deeper which always makes me happy in a
music video all right let's move on to
the last song we're gonna listen to
which is called one kiss featuring
Calvin Harris I am aware of Calvin
Harris and I've listened to quite a few
of his things mostly because I'm pretty
sure he's done collabs with like every
pop artist that exists pretty much now
I'm pretty keen to see how that comes
out with Julie but let's hit
oh I like that beat already looks like a
burrito
you
dressing in a lot of these music videos
like especially here sparkly is anything
fabulous
what is going on with the weirdest thing
I've watched in a while that weird
frog-like thing dancing on the bed
like in the way she's hitting oh no
there's something about it that's just
like Pleasant she's sitting her notes
quite well and quite cleanly but somehow
it still sounds a bit intricate which is
very nice
you
it's borderline weird during the versus
and stuff and then the chorus hits into
the ever
you
parts of this here like where she's
singing there it was very reminiscent of
like nineties music videos
that was a bizarre music video I have to
say I mean the music itself was pretty
alright I quite liked the chorus and I
also did enjoy the electronic bit but
that was just really something that
might actually be the weirdest music
video I've watched in quite some time
overall I don't actually think I can
really make a decision right now about
whether I enjoy her music because a
couple of those songs I quite like the
others were just not so much for me so
right now I'm kind of like on the fence
I'd really have to dig in more but this
is part of why I love doing these videos
I'm listening to an artist that I
definitely never would have listened to
otherwise I honestly feel like I've
started to get in the know and
understand quite a bit about the pop
music scene just by doing all these
videos and I mean I had quite a lot of
preconceptions about pop music but even
with the songs who've just listened to
most of them had like similar subject
matter but different spins I don't think
I've ever heard a song where an artist
is talking about her rules for getting
over an X and having their friends help
and support them that was pretty cool to
me yeah those are all my thoughts I want
to hear yours what do you think do you
like do a leaper do you have a favorite
out of those songs I just listen to I'm
always always keen to hear your thoughts
so please check them in the comments
below thank you so much for watching and
I hope you enjoyed the video if you did
please don't forget to click that like
button and as always have an awesome
time until I see you next see ya
you
