hello there everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel I
want to show you one real quick thing
because a couple weeks ago I got back
from VidCon us which was amazing by the
way and check this out I scored this
sweet bomber jacket I think it's amazing
I loved it so much the team over at
VidCon is incredible and I cannot wait
for VidCon Australia I'm gonna be there
if you're from Australia or particularly
from Melbourne make sure you head over
to VidCon Australia because I would love
to meet you ok so what we're here to do
today is we're gonna be reacting to one
direction live while we're young
I've done quite a few One Direction
videos in my time on this channel and
I'm surprised that I've missed this
because it's seemingly one of their most
popular song you're always asking for
One Direction stuff so I figure why not
do a single as a really quick video
before we start though here make sure
you click Subscribe and enable
notification so you can fight any time I
upload a new video all right let's do
this my gosh they definitely are so
young the easy way to tell when they're
like in their fetus stage is what I see
Harry's hair like that
it's an odd thing that I've noticed how
many of their songs start with Liam
singing wonder why that is I don't know
what's up with that streak through
Zane's head I think it's the best thing
that he's ever done but
so this is a song about going crazy and
doing I don't know crazy dumb things and
for them it constitutes stealing a car
or I've seen those ball on water things
so many times and I've always wanted to
do it
I swear to god though One Direction
music videos just look like the funnest
time although then I remember that they
probably had to do like a bajillion
takes of that and then turns into a
nightmare it's over Niles face
so yeah it really sounds like they just
kind of you know go crazy do what you
want pretend like we're in love you know
we know we're not but it's fine what are
they doing
I kind of want that microphone not gonna
lie it's crazy to me how a lot of them
change their appearances and styles but
Louie kinda just looks the same
yeah look honestly I actually don't mind
the message of those songs of course it
does come down to delivery in a lot of
ways because it can come across kind of
like inauthentic or cheesy but I feel
like it is an important message because
young people these days including myself
have been really forced to grow up so
quickly we have to deal with a lot of
like harsh realities I'm a young age and
we're still fighting for a lot of things
in our lives and in our peers lives and
I feel like it is important to every so
often sit down and be like you know what
I am still young I still have a lot of
time you know just cuz I'm 19 or 20 and
I don't really know what I want to do
with my life I don't have a career path
but that is totally fine you don't want
to spend the entirety of your youth
looking forward and thinking about the
future and planning for the future
because when you're older and you're
into your 40s or 50s or whatever you'll
be looking backwards thinking man I wish
I lived while I was young now obviously
I'm not advocating going out and doing
absolutely crazy stuff but I think
everyone would be served very well that
kind of understanding that you've got a
lot of time and that there's a lot of
things you can do and that you will do
in your life you don't need to rush from
being a teenager or twenty-something to
being a full-blown a dull take your time
enjoy the journey because it's the only
journey you'll have am i right how corny
so those are just my thoughts as always
I want to hear yours so let me know down
in the comments below what you think
about the song and my interpretation of
the message and whether you agree with
what I've just said I'm always always
keen to hear your thoughts thank you
very much for watching I hope you
enjoyed the video if you did please
don't forget to click that like button
and as always have an awesome time until
I see you next see ya
