hello everyone my name is matthew
mckenna and welcome back to my channel
today we're doing an insanely different
video normally I do music reactions and
reviews today I'm going to be doing a
quiz because I kind of want to mix up my
content see what else there is to do and
one thing that someone suggested was
doing a quiz like this so today we're
gonna find out who my One Direction
boyfriend is I'm so excited
since I started doing these videos I've
always assumed that I would be a hairy
man so let's see how my expectations
will be blown out of the water and I'll
be taken away by some other suitable
Bachelor before I get right into this if
you are new here make sure to click that
subscribe button and total notifications
so you get notified any time I upload a
new video ever wondered which one of the
1d boys is your perfect partner why not
find out just 50 girls let's do it play
buzz comm what is your ideal date night
to stargazing camping trip movie night
dinners date or British peer a British
peer well just like a Pia date I don't
understand the difference in a British
peer and any other peer anyway I mean
stargazing is super romantic so I was a
dinner date and camping I love the idea
of it I've never actually been camping
so I can't judge but I adore movies and
I adore the cinema it's one of my
favorite places to go so movie night
that's hairy like Mary's that was an
easy one now favorite color that is easy
blue straight away in your friend group
you're seen as the mom of the group
troublemaker adventurous one leader or
quietly is there an option for all of
the above because I definitely do mom
some people I guess I'm not really that
much of a troublemaker so we'll strike
that one out okay I'm definitely not
quiet not with my friends I'm kind of a
creature of habit of across adventurous
one out and I'm not really I don't
really mother that many people so cross
that one out oh no that leaves me
choosing leader always makes you seem
just like such a wanker
but I am so which one of these makes you
laugh the hottest be if you cover it or
zoom in real close
Louise kind of looks like a classical
sculpture right choose that one sorry
Harry
I love you for all that you are all that
you have been and all you yet to be pick
one
oh I'm picking like a ring okay cool I
haven't like honestly absolutely no idea
which opal am I even close
are these even names of jewels Scott no
clear with these two literally no idea
Ruby
maybe and Impa because it looks am but
if I'm basing this off of what I think
looks best I probably go with this one
well that one but if I'm going off
something that I choose with the
intention of selling and I probably
really dive in this right I'll go to the
Sapphire I'll pick a course okay this
one is probably gonna have quite a heavy
determination in who gets chosen to be
my boyfriend
live fast have fun and be a bit mistress
no matter how hard life gets never lose
hope we have a choice to live or to
exist it's not from a movie I'm pretty
sure that's wrong movie Oh or is it oh
they go by Harry that makes sense
we get a little like I say that like I'm
friends with him I'm not Wow I sounded
crazy just then live your dream and
never wake up love with the heart eyes
I'm gonna go with we have a choice to
live or to exist that's pretty cool it
actually sounds like a Ferris Bueller
chord life moves pretty fast you don't
stop and look around once in a while you
could miss it
pick a casual outfit yes yes my time to
shine I'm genuinely gonna judge this
based on what I think would look good on
me
not if I was a woman but what I think
right breakfast coffee pancakes I mean
that I like I like that combo but I
really like coffee so maybe that one's
out all of these except for one have
jean shorts and while my booty is poppin
I don't think I could pull off Jesus
shorts like that all right I'm gonna do
it you know what I'm gonna wear the
skirt all right I will make you all a
deal right now if this video gets to 750
likes at some point I will recreated
this outfit I will put it on and we'll
post it on my social media I'll do it to
the best of my ability pick a word that
describes both will travel on laid-back
cheeky cheeky and powerful all of these
alike so an arrogant except for I guess
travel but like you have anyone
described themselves as any new piece of
wood you'd be like can you tell me about
yourself Matthew
well I'm thoughtful and I'm a travel I'm
also laid-back cheeky and powerful God
that this sounds horrible look as much
as I would love to be I don't actually
think I'm laid-back I think I'm pretty
tightly well I always thought I was
pretty laid-back and chill and then I
met my girlfriend and she is just the
most laid-back person I've ever met and
I don't think cheeky and sarcastic at
the same so I'm gonna cross that one out
and across laid-back out
I travel but not quite an arm across
that now I don't want to be the kind of
person that would choose powerful so I'm
going with thoughtful pick your dream
house oh okay amazing but it'd be okay
it's a toss-up between the first two
really although the last one was really
cool as well it's gonna be overlooking
the beach right epigenome okay yeah
locked in my One Direction boyfriend is
calculating Oh Liam okay out of all the
members that was the
that I am at least expected to be
matched with there's something between
you and Liam they've done but you see
now you're looking for a real man you
want something serious damn right I am
you love the feeling of being in control
and often look to as a leader and as a
try-hard to gain a love and respect of
those around you it's complimenting me
more than I was going to cover them
myself
Oh deep down you may have your
insecurities but then what makes you so
awesome you and Liam would make an
amazing couple you know what play buzz
you've convinced me
a couple name being the tan oh my god
damn it I thought we could do a my ATM
and then have me no that doesn't like
that in like any way made in the am is
MIT I am oh no laughs here that's
laughing it's now our official hashtag
hashtag laughter sir that has been a
video I hope you enjoyed this video
thank you very much for watching let me
know if you enjoy this type of content I
know it's very different but I'm always
keen to mix up my content however I can
I don't regret doing that
I don't Liam if you ever see this in may
not bleed buzzes we're gonna make an
awesome couple sir how can we deny the
universe that bliss alright guys don't
forget to hit that like button if you
want to see me dress up in that outfit
I'm not kidding I will do it and as
always have an awesome time until I see
you next see ya
