hello that everyone my name is Matt in
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
today we're going to be listening to
Zayn now I'm pretty sure I've done
actually every single other member of
One Direction and One Direction
themselves I've done it quite a few
Direction videos actually so there's
just been insane and I haven't done a
video on him not for any particular
reason just haven't gotten around to it
but I have finally gotten around to it I
should say that I actually have listened
to one Zayn song and that is dusk till
dawn I actually did a video on that song
but I'm really excited to get into some
like full-on proper Zayn stuff I want to
say a really really quick thing when I
do these videos I can promise you I
watch all of the video I will sit here
and listen to or watch the whole thing
through but for a few reasons the two
main ones being copyright and I feel
that footage of me staring at a screen
for a minute straight is not the most
entertaining thing my wonderful editor
Billy will cut around and just include
bits that I'm commenting but rest
assured I am taking the artists at full
value before we get into it if you are
new here make sure you click that
subscribe button and turn on
notifications so you get notified any
time I upload a new video that TAS John
Rocker we're gonna start with what seems
to be one of his most popular songs
pillow talk strong start
really tribute visuals oh god wait Oh
two-face smoke buddy but me body but us
bodies together
I remember mentioning that I didn't like
the same sort of mumbling voice in
dusk-to-dawn but actually kind of likes
it in that bridge it really seems like
they've gone for something that suits
his voice a lot more I always like when
there can be strong slow beats
especially when they're complimented by
like vocals that still keep quite a few
syllables that feel like the pace is
theirs
I also love that that course in church
so it kind of does seem like this song
is about sex but kind of in a different
way a lot of the times you get it like
sex songs that just kind of like done
because sex sells you know this seems to
be more like an intimate analysis of it
between these two people this is really
chill I can actually imagine putting
this on my playlist I actually have a
playlist called
atmosphere and this is kind of my
atmosphere and is a la song I really
like that actually them is that was
really good it's one of those songs that
like I can really imagine leaving on and
just kind of having in the background I
know I mentioned it like once or twice
but I think visuals like that are really
really important when it comes to a
music video I can tell a story of course
but even if the story in the concept
itself it's like really interesting and
amazing there is still boring way is to
tell that story so when I see music
videos like that that gets super
creative with the visuals I'm always
pleased and I hope to see more music
videos that do stuff like that and while
I found the lyric concept relatively
interesting it's not really exactly my
thing in that way which doesn't mean I
don't like it it just means it's not
really the kind of song that I'd listen
while walking to the train station or
while driving because I have like two
different music tastes there's stuff
that I enjoy actively listening to and
singing along to and belting out my
little heart too and then there's stuff
that I just like to have playing in the
background to make me kind of feel in a
mood and I definitely think that's a
song that will add to my atmosphere
playlist in fact you know what will
hearken back to old times I'll do this
right now
pillow talk at the playlist atmosphere
you probably can't see that but that's
okay so now we're gonna move on to a
song called it's you
black-and-white dramatic organ actually
so in cool g-guys well that drum be who
really works with the organ so does his
voices it's kids
oh damn
that's that's something that's
incredible I'm loving everything about
this right now
come sky it's amazing that they're
showing so much story with the small
amount of things that are currently
happening
it's always impressive because it's so
easy to overdo high notes like that but
my god is he killing it oh my god that's
that's beautiful honestly
I love how he still sounds so relaxed
when doing those highlights he's not
straining he's not trying to go too big
he's just letting the notes flow and
damn is it sounding good
oh my god
visually musically that was really
really good
I really enjoyed that really feels like
it has so much soul in it as well thirty
three and a half million views that
means like ten times that at the risk of
sounding kind of mean I really didn't
expect that from saying I really
expected these songs to be kind of a lot
more poppy than they are yeah I honestly
I'm kind of lost so I'm this is a new
thing for me I'm lost for words I'm not
even kidding I actually just had to walk
away for a second because I just I
didn't know how to really continue
straight off to that song so this one is
cold I don't one of them fav up and it's
with Taylor Swift from the 50 shades of
dark a movie my favorite let's do this
so one thing I'm lucky about Zayn so far
is that well I think all three of the
songs we listened to have been more or
less about relationships
they've all been done with sort of like
a different spin on them which is one of
the reasons I really like Ed Sheeran and
that he can sing about a relationship
but the relationship kind of like takes
a backseat to the main theme and so far
with the three we've listened to that's
that's kind of like I've gone from I've
said this before and a couple videos ago
I honestly feel like the the general
relationship like oh I love you you love
me or unrequited love or whatever can
really only be done a certain number of
ways so it's really awesome to see
artists that take that classic like oh
love and relationships but put a spin on
it they get kind of something deeper and
more intricate I love seeing that and I
hope
that continues so well hunter the last
song that I'm going to be listening to
which is called still got time featuring
partynextdoor
they're considering they thought that
saying songs were gonna be a bit more
poppy and they haven't really been like
that I can't help but kind of hope that
this song is that like poppy party
anthem that I was expecting especially
because it's featuring an artist called
partynextdoor time for this song cuz I
was right this is like sort of yeah you
know how I dance I like that underlying
to anything it's the message that he's
sort of going for because he's saying
like don't worry about having a serious
relationship or something like that just
kind of be casual with me because we've
still got time but I do like songs that
have a message of like you don't need to
rush things love time in your life it's
fine right now it sounds like a wild pub
so kind of honestly out of everything
we've listened to there I think that was
the weakest song for me although like I
said I think that was kind of an
inadvertent message there that I enjoyed
I mean it could have been an intentional
message but it just really didn't feel
that way because I've met so many people
around my age group or even like
subscribers of mine that are much
younger than me that seem to feel like
they have to be doing so much at that
stage of their life they have to have
their career planned out that to have a
relationship they have to know when they
would have a family I'm 23 and I don't
even really know what I'm doing I know
what I want to do but I'm kind of just
scattered all over the place I'm not
nearly as organized as a lot of people
seem to think I am and that's fine
alright thank you very much for watching
and I hope you enjoyed the video I want
to keep your thoughts what do you think
about saying what was your favorite out
of the songs we've listened to do you
agree or disagree with anything that
I've said I'm always curious to hear
your thoughts so chuck them in the
comments below please don't forget to
hit that like button down below as well
and as always have an awesome time until
I see you next see ya
