hello there who on my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
today we're going to be doing the solo
no control by one direction I want to
quickly talk about the tiny little thing
one thing I've seen a heck of a lot in
our comment section because people
asking me to do a video on something
called Larry Stylinson now the first
time I see this pop up in the comments I
decided to research a tiny little bit
and since then I've kind of just more or
less ignored it because I wasn't sure if
I was ever going to really make a video
or anything about it despite everyone
kind of wanting me to so I guess this is
me sort of testing the waters
would you like to see me do a video sort
of reacting to the whole Larry Stylinson
conspiracy is that something you think
it'd be fun to watch so I figured I'd
set some random milestone of likes and
if we hit that then I'll just do a video
on it now let's say if this video hits
500 likes I'll do a video on it that to
me seems to be a measure of interest
before we start your view on you can
make sure you click Subscribe and enable
notifications so you get notified
anytime I upload any video you don't
want to miss if I react to your favorite
so little honest alrighty so let's get
crack-a-lackin' it seems there's a music
video but it's like uploaded by a fan
account or something that's actually a
music video I like that
clap along with sound it's pretty nice
suddenly one of their more poppy songs
as well isn't it there's chili
synthetics I'm honest thing I'm sure is
that is ebony yes No
not all that smile
oh gosh I could say that I hope Elise
whenever I go to parties I am so
stressed about falling asleep because of
stuff like that Wow
Liam looks really young how long did
this video was on this song was in
general I guess certainly looks like a
fun body though they got like a little
stage where the stage at a house party
honestly that crowd stuff anyways looks
it looks really fun but I'd be so scared
of jumping off there's no one catching
me you're just gonna quickly pull us for
a second again this isn't uploaded by a
One Direction channel so I'm not really
sure if it's actually an official music
video but nonetheless so far it's pretty
cool I've said this before my channel
but I'm gonna say again I like one songs
that are they're cool it's always that
are meant to be hype and exciting kind
of acknowledge that that's what they are
you know like potty tracks and just
something like this music video
it's cool to see them having one of
those party tracks but the video is like
actually just a party at their house or
at a house I guess
whoa I did not think that was a person
hanging around with the chickens - that
looks like saying see I'm starting to
learn here sir
people who've watched my videos like the
first time I did one direction is that a
pink guy oh it's a shaved goat hair he's
dis electric yeah what's up like other
normal occurrence but people who've
watched my videos from the start have
never seen me just not even know who
everyone is and
what they look like so I haven't started
to pick up on things what a classy man
truth true cloths right there
I like this point of view moving through
the party gives an interesting
perspective
it's a bit hard to kind of dislike songs
like this isn't it I mean that in just
it's it's so upbeat and just extend kind
of exciting if you said what a couple of
times now but it's just I find it hard
to not Bob along just stuff like this
regardless of what I necessarily think
about composition of the song minaret
cetera
it's just they just fun you know and I
think I think that's one thing I really
respect pop music for artists like this
they just have fun and that's such an
important element when it comes to art
and music Kurtis wet t-shirt shots band
service my dance sorry that's my day
yeah look overall that was just
unbearable this fun song upbeat and
definitely the kind of thing that people
would blast at a party one thing I find
interesting is that I'm complimenting it
for being just an upbeat fun happy soul
but that's actually a problem that a lot
of people seem to have when they look at
pop music they see there's just vapid
uninspired on the interesting stuff that
essentially doesn't matter right that's
what they say and you know what I will
openly say that I was one of those
people I never really thought that pop
music was anything that was inspired by
something it just seemed to be written
just for the sake of it but in listening
to all these pop artists and one
direction in particular I'm starting to
see the variation and I'm starting to
see the influence that like record
companies
or investors or whatever have over the
band and if you're someone that's
watched by a few of my videos I'm sure
you've noticed that I've mentioned there
are some One Direction songs that are
just a bit sort of vague in something
that I don't necessarily find
interesting but there are quite a few
that I have seen that I've just kind of
been blown away by the emotion that's
been put into them and unfortunately I
think that seems to be the nature pop
music in a way I mean you gotta sell
records you gotta have really catchy
songs and we'll get into people's heads
and I think more and more I'm starting
to really understand that and it seems
that with these pop artists there's got
to be some compromise between always
doing what the artist wants to create
and always doing what the record label
wants to be produced so really when it
comes down to it I think that's pretty
admirable it must be tough right so I
want to sing massive props to artists
that can do that and can go through that
and deal with that pressure I just feel
like it must be so daunting especially
when you have to appeal to fans as well
at times it just must feel like a
massive juggling of everyone's interests
including your own anyway that's that's
it up a rant on that topic I hope you
enjoyed the video let me know your
thoughts on the song no control down
below in the comments I want to hear if
it's like your favorite One Direction
song or it's your least favorite if you
agree with the things I've said or maybe
there's just some underlying deep
message of it that I have completely
missed I would love to hear what you
have to say thank you so much for
watching please don't forget to hit that
thumbs up button and as always have an
awesome time until I see you next see
