hello there everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel I
live under a rock when it comes to pop
music and no idea what's going on so
I've been listening to and reacting to a
bunch of different bands and artists so
today as you can see by the sign we are
going to be listening to Liam Payne B is
one of the most requested artists for me
to react to so I'm pretty glad to be
finally doing this before we start with
you on you he and make sure your head
down below and click that subscribe
button and the name of Luna fication so
you get a notification any time I upload
a new video now let's just get started
now as far as I'm aware there's only
really a few songs that he's done with
solar I went through and found a few
music videos to set up a playlist with I
think the first song I'm gonna listen to
isn't actually just hymns like a
collaborative song between him and
someone called Z I don't know who that
is which is shameful as well I really do
you know nothing this genuinely nothing
else in my life that makes me feel more
like an old fault than doing these
videos
oh I miss sucker for like autistic tiles
that Hoffa like that that's really cool
actually reminds me of the movie baby
driver and I guess it makes sense as
well with the cars coat around but yeah
I really really like creative tiles like
those
that's just one thing I do like when pop
music does is when it keeps their beats
quite simple like that little backing
track with just a simple clicks and
that's a little like do I quite like
them because I think a lot of music
these days and maybe more specifically
pop music can be very in-your-face and
sometimes to me that's a bit much so
it's nice and somewhat refreshing to
listen to a track that sort of keeps it
located with that even with the chorus
coming in it's still quite minimalistic
I guess it's the one which is quite nice
see the sound of his voice there's
actually quite a variety show of how I
likely it was voiced by it so I think
the one thing that's maybe bothering me
a little bit about this track so far is
that it feels like it was written just
to be a dance track you know which is of
course fine but it seems like it's sort
of in two minds about whether it is a
dance track or not I mean that certainly
having fun nothing
I think the vibe shows in music meters
each the vibe and now that's it it's the
vibe so when you have a bunch of people
and the main performers that just seem
to be actually having such a good time
it makes the music video that much more
enjoyable to watch despite the fact that
as you know I generally tend to prefer
music videos that have a story and a
point as opposed to just firing along to
lyrics and stuff
I am just gonna say that some of these
lyrics are a little bit questionable
death of that music video it was kind of
cute like them people involved that
audience and works of art I think a
really good example of someone doing
that is in a song by Troye Sivan I think
in fools there's a bit where it goes
only fools fall for you and then here a
bunch of people shout only fall and that
was audio recorded from a concert I
don't know I just think that stuff is
really important and really good to hold
on to I feel like you need to keep the
connection between creator and audience
alright so this one's called bedroom
floor I know that name Bella Thorne why
do I know that name
wait regime that the movie was Logan
Pole no okay that's really nice strings
I like that really strongly locked sound
it kind of makes that play it's nice but
you've been talking about me lately
telling all your friends on achieve me
telling all your friends I want you to
eat me oh I have no idea to be this sick
well thing I'd everybody like when
singers to do is when they don't
pronounce that was probably I like to
hear what they're saying and understand
fully what they're saying I mentioned
this in my video where I reacted to
Louis they very clearly pronounce this
was very easy to understand very easy to
hear I appreciate that
Liam's bit he reminds me a bit of Zain
in dusk till dawn where it was a little
bit mumbling and incoherent I mean not
to say the singing itself sounds bad but
just something that bothers me a little
I never know my phone
I've been telling you and I soldier out
soldier I feel like that there was a
lead-up to the course but that
definitely wasn't how I was expecting
that phone to sound I was expecting
something a bit faster and more upbeat
and maybe a louder sound but it kind of
kept staying the same energy I think
it's about to go into the course though
so I'm pretty interested to see if it
does sort of go big
okay so that seemed to be the chorus man
honestly like I'm not really a fan of
that I don't really think the constant
high-pitched tone what - well through
boys I feel like he does have quite a
wide range and his voice is pretty
dynamic that would have been nice to
hear and mix it up a bit more in the
chorus I'm hoping he'll at least change
it and very little later choruses but I
feel like there are a lot of ways that
that chorus could have been improved
mostly just by a bit of variation it
kind of felt like it could almost have
been the same little clip of him saying
that copy and paste it that might seem
harsh I'm not trying to be harsh and
there's not really sold on this song and
every now might have more reasons I do
like that they didn't insert just a
standard iPhone ring or even a standard
room time they got them to go that bit
where he actually says that your clothes
say different on my bedroom floor that's
pretty much the same note essentially
maybe some slight variations I just
think that his voice has a lot more
talent than what he's showing in that
chorus
save double-timing on her to savage yes
so go be honest I didn't really enjoy
that's all I'm not a hundred percent
sure what it was that I didn't enjoy I
mean obviously there's the stuff that I
said but overall it kind of felt a
little bit anticlimactic I feel like I
could have done so much more anyway
let's move on to strip that down this is
another title that makes me think maybe
he's gone that sort of sex sells way
this is the last time I'm gonna be
listening to in this video sorry I do
hope there is another layer to it but it
was just a fun pulp track then I'll
concede some time and I've been keeping
too much of his voice sounds a lot
better in this song even though so far I
don't really like the tune of it his
voice definitely I think works a lot
better in this range and singing this
speed - it's a good tempo for it and I
think that sort of shows because from
what I've seen this song is way way more
popular than the other two we've
listened to know I used to be money
comma free people want me for one thing
I stopped me I just wanna have fun and
get rowdy Makati City when I walk inside
the party girl I'm a little bit bummed
because I did say that I wanted to hear
something it was a bit more and I
thought I had it there for a second I
thought like that this is gonna be the
Malayan song because he started saying
used to be in one day and they wanted
for one thing that's not me you know and
I was like oh cool he's writing about
stuff that sort of matters to him and
then it turned into parties and car I
was hopeful for a second there I hope
that the chorus and the rest of the song
maybe lets that shine through a bit so
put your hey
my buddy and swing that come for me to
the cars does sort of tap into the sex
market again so I mean fair enough you
know what it works for my I think the
benefits of the points and the
criticisms that I have four bedroom
floor a showing in this song because it
started with his voice quite deeper it
means that when you get to the chorus
and you start hitting those high notes
and then sort of moving your voice
around a bit more going to a lower pitch
and generally varying your voice you end
up with a more engaging course if I'm
being totally honest they don't really
like this song either I think so far of
all the ones who listened to the first
one would it be my favorite it just
seemed a lot more gues simple and
low-key I get that it was still like a
dance track and and had some lyrics that
were definitely in your window but it
kind of felt like he was just being him
you know writing what he wanted to write
this kind of feels like I might be wrong
but to me it kind of feels like this
music video and to an extent bedroom
floor I'm really probably thinking to do
a lot about this he probably just wants
to write whatever he wants yeah yeah
yeah
I love that super serious close-up is
he's like yeah yeah yeah yes overall
honestly all I of course can acknowledge
that he has a good voice and acknowledge
his talent it didn't particularly like
any of those songs which is the shame
because I thought I would like something
if it's the first one I listened to was
okay in my book
so not something that I'd go out of my
way to listen to but of course that's
just my opinion doesn't reflect on the
town of him at all what about you let me
know your thoughts
did you like names new stuff have you
had it before let me know your thoughts
down below I'm always really really keen
to hear what you have to say please
don't forget to give this video a big
old thumbs up it really helps thank you
very much for watching and as always
have an awesome time until I see you
next
you
I'll show you my blue steel except he's
more like thank you I'm sexy now
