hello everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
I've seriously enjoyed doing this series
because it's such a good way for me to
sort of expand my horizons learn new
stuff about pop music and pop culture in
general and has such I'm here with
another very popular song here today old
havana by Camila Cabello probably
butchering the pronunciation right
before we start if you're new here make
sure your head down below and click that
subscribe button also enable
notifications so you get a notification
any time I upload a new video
don't want to miss if I react to your
favorite artist first off her hair looks
amazing just gonna say that's really rad
I really dig her look I'm also usually
not that big a fan of the huge earrings
but she pulls them off like crazy it's
my son really really pretentious but I'm
really happy to hear a piano used so
effectively and so well in such a
popular song that's really really cool I
feel like the Panther can make such
beautiful music and especially recently
it's sort of taking a backseat to a lot
of other instruments which of course is
fine that's just how things evolve music
is evolving but I like hearing it be the
highlight of pace every so often
Wow okay this really feels like a
throwback kind of feels like it's in a
slightly older style like something that
kind of sounds like it could have come
from a couple decades ago which I like
actually but her vocals are very clean
as well which I appreciate I don't
really like when vocals are layered with
a bunch of the oh wow wow honestly but I
was really welcomed by that bass the
coming years complimented that pianos oh
well and the vocals too like it just it
really brought a lot of it together I
really like that wow it's really
interesting to me because a lot of the
time I think sometimes it's a mistake to
have your backup singer be yourself
because I feel like backup singers are
supposed to bring an element of death to
a song which you maybe don't necessarily
get as much if the backup singer is just
the same way since the main singer that
said this is a song that's written well
enough that that's just not an issue the
depth is there despite the fact that
it's really only like some base a basic
beat and piano I have a bunch of layered
vocals what's going on right now with
the male vocals
not a fan of that and I think that's to
do with how obviously effect Laden they
are it's just a bit too much for me it's
annoying because I don't think he needs
to do he's got a nice enough voice it's
actually quite soothing but for me it's
kind of ruined by just having all of
this sort of junk chopped on top of that
so let's shine there you don't need to
do a other problem with affect any
vocals like this is I can't really
understand a word you say I could
understand the rest of the lyrics that
she was singing perfectly but with this
guy I can only get the sort of random
noises I can kind of work out what's
supposed to be rhyming with what and
what the rhyming syllable is it
literally couldn't tell you
what he was trying to say that I know I
sound like such a grandpa like all right
you're the technology to make your voice
sound different I just don't like having
it done to a point that it distorts the
voice and I guess that's my issue
see her part of the song is good enough
and I'm actually going to add this to my
playlist after the song despite the fact
that I didn't really like his pot at all
I would listen to the song go through
the part that I don't really like just
because it means I can listen to her
sing the chorus again that's kind of how
much I enjoy a voice they seem to be
layering more and more and now they've
added like a trumpet going on in the
background and what I find impressive is
that I'm really adding that much that's
just like one more instrument I'm pretty
sure that's the only difference between
this and the previous chorus but it's
sort of much and that's because it
changes in its nose and it just fits
along with the whole sound as well as
playing along with her voice quiet
she just really does have a gorgeous
voice Monday yeah honestly overall I
really really liked that song like I
said though personally I think the male
vocals they're really detracted from the
song as a whole because it was such a
clean beautiful simple song and then
those vocals just seemed to add a weird
layer that didn't really work in my
opinion sort of changed the whole genre
of the song you couldn't introduce that
sort of rap hip-hop elements out
changing the actual sound of the song
but I mean maybe I'm just nitpicking
here overall I thought that was a really
nice song but enough about me what about
you what do you think and you had that
song before what do you think and if you
had heard what were your first
impressions let me know all your
thoughts down in the comments below
don't forget to give this video a big
old thumbs up thank you so much for
watching and as always have an awesome
time until I see you next see ya
