hello there everyone my name is Nathan
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
today we're gonna be reacting to Rita
Ora I hope I'm pronouncing that right
now the funny thing is with all of these
videos I've done pretty much all the
time even though I haven't like listened
to the artist at all I have like at
least a tiny semblance of who they are
Rita Ora however is the name that's just
like come out of nowhere for me and I
wouldn't know if I hadn't have done all
these videos so thank you for
introducing me to something completely
new and foreign to me before we start
though if you're new here make sure you
click Subscribe internal notification so
you get notified anytime I upload a new
video all right let's do this
so the first song is called for you and
it's actually featuring Liam Payne so
you know I'm already pretty keen and
it's apparently from the movie Fifty
Shades freed so do with that what you
will that's a strong start I didn't
expect that although I mean I probably
should have considering its you know the
whole Fifty Shades sort of vibe I mean
so far I quite liked her voice granted
I've only hear her sing a few sentences
but it's a nice voice hey there's Liam
but I didn't honestly didn't look like
him for a sec I was like Tom Hardy
I thought it was just gonna be like I've
been waiting for you but the lyrics kind
of took me by surprise for a second
the way that he came in I was like he's
about to do like a rap breakdown I'm so
ready
indeed
I'm reeling into the rhythm of this the
way that they're delivering those quick
syllables is is really cool okay I
didn't want to comment before I knew for
sure that was what it was but the lyric
is I wasn't looking for love until I
found you and I think that's pretty cool
I really like the concept of like not
actively going out and looking for love
so the meaning that I'm extracting from
the lyrics here is essentially like I
wasn't doing anything I've just been
living and in doing so I've apparently
been waiting for you even though I
wasn't looking for love and that's
really lovely so this is one thing that
I've kind of liked when it comes to
listening to all of these pop songs and
that's the way that like they kind of do
you follow a pattern but I actually
quite like the pattern you know you have
big big big big big and then you have
like a dip for a second where it gets
like quiet and a bit more serious and
then suddenly big big big big it's kind
of tried-and-true right and I guess it's
tried and true for a reason
well I mean that was a pretty solid
first initiation I actually really
enjoyed that song I can actually imagine
myself listening to that like a while
I'm riding the train overall yeah I
guess I'm a fan of that song the next
one is called body on me featuring Chris
Brown's I'm assuming that means this is
gonna have a rap break not done by Liam
Payne unfortunately
I'm also kind of assuming that given the
title body on me it's gonna be a song
about like sex or something generally
not my favorite topic because I just
feel like it's been done to death but
always happy to see if there's a new way
of doing it okay that wasn't how I
expected the song to start yeah it's got
that resonating like smooth feel to it
too I mean hell I feel like I should be
moving my body oh yeah I'll just start
dancing that's my that's my sexy dance
do you ever just like immediately regret
doing something yeah I just want to feel
your body on me not to sound mean I
guess it's like generic sex cells sort
of song right but I've mentioned this
before with other artists that like I
feel like there's always this like
discrepancy between what the production
studios want them to produce and what
they artistically want to produce so I
was harsh in the past and I've tried to
give it a little bit of extra leeway to
people that sing about these topics now
is that the English flag she if she is
English I wasn't like a hundred percent
sure if that was the English flag and
yeah she's English you probably knew
that because you're watching this video
but I didn't say
see for me this song is like starting to
drag on a little bit of I'm totally
honest it feels like it's just been more
or less the same thing with not all that
much variation and that's not really
helped by the fact that I can't really
understand the male vocals due to the
effects so it's just kind of more noise
I can see why this is is so popular like
I mean it's a 200 million issues but
yeah it's not really my sort of thing
and that's fine not every song that an
artist does has to appeal to me yeah so
far much much preferred that first song
but we still have two more to go so I'm
keen to see if she can beat that first
one for me this one is called I will
never let you down now a title like that
gives way to what I would call some like
deeper themes so I'm very keen to see
what it's about it might be like a
relationship based but it could be
anything really
it could even be religious like family
your friends etc I like that riff
really like a couple more bars and it'll
come in with like drums this is a cool
little like oh just as I say it's a cool
little mechanic they flash out of it
so from what I've got from these lyrics
so far it's kind of like hey we're kind
of going through the same things I feel
yet don't you worry I got you I'm not
gonna let you down this is also a bit
more like Bobby than the other ones
it's even got like a dance routine which
I don't think the other ones really had
I really like the way that she does
those like little Foss syllables at this
thought that's really cool
and that's a cool admission right
everyone kind of wants to like seem like
they keeping it real and being authentic
being like you're not keeping it real
but don't worry I know how you feel
that's kind of nice it's nice to have
people that are like I know when you're
not being you and that's fine I'm here
bro
see this song kind of is the opposite of
the last song we listened to because
this is like ending now and that felt
like the perfect length for a song for
me because it stopped the chorus and the
repeats before I just got bored of it
and the really funny thing I find about
that is that the shorter a song is
generally the more likely I am to just
replay it there are some certain songs
that I just love that are only like two
and a half or three minutes and when
they end I'm just like ah again so if
you want people to like just smash the
replay button on your song I think like
three minutes is such a good like 3:30
is okay as well but like I can imagine
myself hitting replay on that maybe if
that ended like 30 seconds earlier I'd
be like I just want to hear that course
again okay so the last one we're doing
is called anywhere and this I think is
her most popular song and only came out
like a year ago so I mean I'm not that
far behind this time I guess but Times
Square I've always wanted to go to Times
Square which is weird because it's just
like a giant advertisement right
so far all four of these songs have felt
just like so ridiculously different
this is a really cool course and that's
also very minimal but I'm expecting that
it's gonna go into like a big
instrumental after this chorus
I think I might have been right
okay not quite instrumental there's
still some vocals but this is pretty
funky there yeah I also like this trend
that's been happening of like going from
relatively minimalist choruses to like
more intense and intricate drops oh
they've added some extra effects now I
think that's an interesting evolution
though
so far the two courses have been like
different enough that they keep you
engaged
mint they've evolved the chorus again
they've got a full-on beat coming in now
as well as the effects you hear that
like electric style hi-hat yeah and
extra vocals this is a really well
written song that like evolved so
naturally and flows so well I'm really
impressed right now
so as for which song was my favorite out
of all those I'm not sure it's a tie
between anywhere and the first one the
name I cannot remember for you it was
called for you I think you know I think
like just generally I preferred the
first song like the sound of it and the
music and everything but I have to say
anywhere the composition of that really
impressed me
I loved that evolution and I really
really like when songs keep me engaged
over the course of a couple of different
choruses because like with one of those
other songs a body on me I think it was
called the one with Chris Brown I kind
of honestly felt a little bit bored
because if the course is kept dragging
on and didn't really change that much
whereas anywhere adopted the tactic of
going like starting off kind of low then
getting a bit higher and then suddenly
BAM towards the end and also when it
finishes it doesn't like kind of just
fade out and let that hype die it just
is like and and that kind of just leaves
the audience wanting more so overall I
was really impressed with the way that
that song was written anyway those are
just all my thoughts I would love to
hear yours had you heard of Rita Ora
before did you like her you're a big fan
already which of those four songs were
your favorite I'm always always keen to
hear your thoughts so let me know down
in the comments below thank you so much
for watching I hope you enjoyed the
video if you did please don't forget to
click that like button and as always
have an awesome time until I see you
next see ya
