hello everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
today we're going to be reacting to BTS
I have heard so much about this band
I feel like recently they've just
exploded and I see them everywhere now
so I'm pretty stoked to dive into that
essentially it's a band full of a bunch
of cute asian boys hey speaking of cute
asian boys let us take away you see that
poster that's a new and different poster
two of my very good friends Dennis and
Davis soo like an Internet news show
it's really silly really fun make sure
you go check them out because they do
stuff in such an intriguing and unique
way I'll leave a link in the description
now before we start if you're new here
make sure your head down below click
that subscribe button and enable
notifications so you get a notification
any time I upload a new video that way
you won't miss out if I do your favorite
artists let's get crack-a-lackin'
currently I say stuff like that now
because I am lame alright so the first
song we're gonna be listening to I mean
I can't really read the title but it
says a dope in it so I'm gonna assume
that dope is the title right and correct
me if I'm wrong hmmm oh why I'm telling
Tommy G okay that's kind of cool and
actually is my first time with BTS it's
cool in sure I like that I picked this
is the very best
I was gonna say when they started with
English I was like normally with K or J
or C pop or any other kind of foreign
pop they usually sing mostly in their
native language and usually incorporate
English for like the choruses and stuff
so it took me off-guard
just having English great way to meet
there's something about Asian languages
it just sounds so awesome and intricate
I don't know that's a weird thing to say
but I like intricacies in language well
English is quite a complicated language
it doesn't have that cool intricate feel
to it that a lot of other languages do
which is why I often find it very
impressive to hear awesome rhyming
schemes in other languages because it
can be very hard I used to study French
and that is a very very very hard
language to grind properly and people
have to stretch some words to make it
work anyway let's get back to the video
I love dance routines and music videos I
can certainly see why they're popular
there's something I like in music videos
that just kind of they do them you know
like you do you they're not necessarily
trying to be artsy they're just having a
good old time and I like when songs are
honest about what they are if you're
just making a fun pop dance track then
that's awesome do that
this'll make even more impressive about
Faust intricate rap lyrics in Caribbean
it kind of reminded me of ac/dc in this
light formal almost school like tops but
then the bottom is unlike school the
choreography is on point and they're
like pretty much perfectly in sync
I'm kind of digging this just because
it's so fun I can tell you now though
and I use this as my measure of judgment
it's definitely not a song but I put on
my playlist and kind of sit around and
listen to but I can tell you if this
came on in like a club or in a potty I
would be straight on the dance floor as
long as I knew that her team oh my god
would I be out there
the red hair just stands out compared to
all of them that was an interesting
first glimpse into BTS it was very
over-the-top very fun and overall yeah I
enjoyed that and like I said it's
because I kind of knew what it was and
it rolled with that I respect that let's
listen to the next song which is called
fire weight they've all changed hair
significantly also just listening to
that last song they totally are
listening to their own song told me by
the pool but I watched these types of
music videos I'm just like why why is
that happening why is this obtained with
a lot of the other music videos I've
listened to him been able to sort of
analyze and work out well this is like
imagery they're trying to go in and
that's why they're doing this with these
types and it's like what is happening I
don't know why but I guess it's okay
we're totally these guys know how to
write a song that builds up to a big
chorus drop in such a satisfying way and
I think that's something that helps them
become so popular because when you have
that drop in that big catchy chorus just
sticks in everyone's mind doesn't it
honestly if they weren't even singers
and they were just doing dance routines
I feel like they still have quite a lot
of success because they're very talented
and one thing that I always think is a
weak point for a lot of dance groups is
their synchronization there's sometimes
people a little bit off and that can
just throw the whole performance but
these guys are like perfectly in time
we're totally
a goal in my life is to film a
ridiculous scene like that whether it's
in a music video or a movie or a TV show
or something just something ridiculous
and abstract like dancing around a gas
hot plate I didn't like fire as much as
I liked it but that's really because as
you know I love me some rap and I love
me some faster and those little rap bits
in don't kind of sold the song for me so
this one's called blood sweat and tears
so one thing that I've been able to tell
they don't really seem to take
themselves too seriously I really really
enjoy in a band and just in people in
general I think it's a good quality to
house
we've been seen in various people's day
off
the machi mature
it seems like this song is more of the
serious tone of the actual song itself I
might be wrong but compared to the other
two which kind of seemed quiet
I guess silly in a way not just in music
videos but the songs themselves and I
don't I don't mean silly as an insult
but you know what I mean so it's kind of
nice to hear this change of pace and
change of time
high-pitched singing that's actually
pretty impressive because if I remember
correctly most people are actually able
to sing falsetto but that's not quite
falsetto it feels like it's kind of just
below the range of falsetto and to
sustain your voice there musically that
takes some talent as well as to not mess
up your vocal chords even when you are
seeing their like electronic beats in
the background are always on point
that filmography for their videos has
been pretty nice I like when an artist
is really sort of making an effort to
make their music video very visually
engaging I think that shows that they
like really care about the stuff they're
putting out obviously you know the
credit for that most it comes down to
the people behind the camera but
oftentimes bands have a clear direction
that they want to go with the music
video and I think that effort there
really really shows with the actual
videos themselves
that's what I'm talking about Lee I know
that I keep sort of geeking out over the
visuals as opposed to the actual music
which shots like this that's just so
cool especially with with the
slow-moving camera but it's just rapid
I'm actually genuinely tense right now
maybe it's cuz I'm expecting a job scout
and I hate jump scares but genuinely
feeling some tension well Color Me
genuinely impressed
the last like a minute and a half of
that was just kinda that sounds sort of
pompous to say but that was just
artistic and I I genuinely thought that
was beautiful I don't know if there was
anything else to say not even gonna lie
I'd literally just stopped recording for
like five to ten minutes because I got
the time code for when that end bit
started in that last video and I sent it
to my editor Billy being like these
visuals are stunning I think you're
really likes them anyway once of the
lost song that we're gonna be listening
to tonight which is actually cool not
today this already feels like a sci-fi
movie you just get shot on asleep that
tripped me out for a second because I
thought that was my ear going to but
those like wow my my blood circulation
is really extra but I really like that
they're incorporating not just English
but English slang and like current
English slang that's not an extra that
was like graduation
got all the legs go crazy
I have absolutely no idea what is
happening right now cool camera thanks
this by far has been the most confusing
music video out of all the ones they've
done I feel like this supposed to be
some form of narrative to it but I have
no idea what it is well that was
certainly something as I said before I
don't think I'd really put any of that
on my playlist for me to listen to but
some of them were pretty jamming songs
and like I said I could imagine myself
at a party just bouncing out to them I
do have to say though I think they have
some serious talent both in the singing
and dancing obviously but man also this
style and like I said multiple times
that's a really really visually
appealing shots that I thought were
really cool so what about you
I do listen to BTS before if not what do
you think did you like them did you
agree with me disagree with me let me
know your thoughts in the comments
thanks for watching this video I hope
you enjoyed it if you did please give it
a big ol thumbs up and don't forget to
click that subscribe button as always
let me know what artists you'd like me
to listen to next and until I see you
next have an awesome time take care of
yourself
you
you're still here
it's over go home go
