how's everyone my name is Matthew
McKenna and welcome back to my channel I
wanted to give a really quick thank you
to all of you watching because my
channel is going really really well
right now and I'm really enjoying and
I'm proud of the content that I'm
putting out and that's all thanks to the
way that you are all responding to these
videos so I appreciate you and I
appreciate that before we start if
you're new here please head down below
and click that subscribe button and also
enable notifications so you get a
notification any time I upload a new
video
now as I always say I'm a grandpa when
it comes to pop music I don't really
know who is who what's popular and I
barely listen to any pop music at all so
I've been doing a series of sort where I
react to different artists and my
wonderful editor Billy went through
Spotify found some songs that we're
really popular right now and the one
we're doing today is called dusk till
dawn and it's by Zayn and see that's
good because I haven't listened to
anything I've not heard a single bit of
his solo stuff and the only real
experience I've had listening to
anything he's done is with the One
Direction videos that I've done in the
past
SIA I have heard a couple of songs off
and from what I can tell she's a great
songwriter and a great singer I'm
definitely thinking this will be an
interesting song let's just get right
into it
all right let me just to recover from
that real quick
I was really intently looking at the
briefcase like all right and let's
analyze what's going on here and then
mini jump scare and I hate jump scares
just say hey Genevieve just Genevieve
neighs okay so here's a voice the actual
tone of it sounds or I'm kind of digging
it but I don't like the way he
pronounces his words I don't know if
that's a weird criticism but it seems
like he's kind of mumbling I feel like
such a mom being like dr. mumble
pronounce your words properly but Zane
don't mumble use our a church baby I
wanna feel you too I have a little soft
spot in my heart for when songs have
that like really slow drumbeat where the
snare so that like echoes and this
always using it any quite a soft and
subtle way so I very much appreciate
that
I noticed you drumbeat
okay their voices meld together you know
pretty well I was actually a little bit
worried cuz they do have kind of quite
different voices don't they and I wasn't
sure how they would sound together but I
think it's often those voices that do
sound so drastically different that can
surprise you and sound a music video
wise I do like to try to understand what
the music video is communicating where
it's so they're coming from and I'm not
really sure what's happening right now
it seems like Zayn maybe is like some
form of mobster I don't know seems like
this covert operation in order to track
the comments that briefcase of course
surprised me first of all because it was
a very sneaky chorus it just kind of
jump straight into it but I liked it and
I was kind of surprised by that because
the first part of that well I can
acknowledge the singing was good I
didn't really like it but this core is
it's enough for me with that short
blonde hair that he sort of looks like
Eminem from the 90s you're like in the
day time is over
there's eyes on you everywhere you know
right I was kind of right about the
music video he's got something that the
other people want maybe he's like some
form of criminal but they are indeed
following him and watching him whenever
I hear music from very famous people
that have this whole subtext of I am
watching here it always makes me guess
that maybe the song is about how the
public is always watching them now they
can't step foot out their house without
feeling like they're being watched so
with that in mind I'm pretty keen to see
how the rest of the music video folds up
you make you little homies they pissed
off they mad at you brought your name is
mud on the streets
oh I know where you walked and see I'm
starting to get that feeling more when
he's like oh I know who you are your
name is mud on the street and especially
because after Zayn left one direction he
did get a lot of hate from One Direction
fan
or unhappy about the fact that he left
so maybe like his reputation is sort of
bad and he's kind of reflecting that in
this music video too acknowledging so he
faked up whatever was in the briefcase
I'm just trying to think how that could
be some form of metaphor I don't know if
it's to do with something like hiding
who he is
maybe I'm reaching I'm probably raging
this chorus is really catchy and I
really like that they introduced more
layers to the last chorus one thing I
really really like when it comes to
music that might have a chorus that
repeats a couple of times these when the
chorus isn't exactly the same so like
they've added maybe an extra layer of
sound maybe made the drum sound a bit
louder just to give it an extra depth
which i think is really really smart
because otherwise you can run the risk
of a song getting more unless you adopt
punk and good to say the same thing 300
times in a song
I cannot remember the last time I saw a
music video that had a college chase so
I'm ready so I can start breakdown bits
have such a mellow sound to it I'm
surprised because the first minute issue
of the song I didn't really like that
much but this little bit here and when
he sung with SIA earlier I'm diggin it I
think the vocals in this song is
definitely a lot stronger when they sing
together but I think that's pretty
common when it comes to do it it's a lot
easier for singers to sound good when
they're singing with other people I'm
confused so he's like blowing something
up the ultimate way of getting rid of
everything you used to associate
yourself with oh okay he's not blowing
stuff up so that face of realization I
just realized they're firecrackers it's
not blowing things up he's made
firecrackers cough so that it sounds
like gunshots so that they the police
fire okay I get it and now they escape
together so at the end I still sort of
got that vibe of him leaving his old
life behind at least in that music video
actually overall I quite liked that song
I enjoyed that hello me surprised
I'm genuinely surprised that I like that
song I might even actually go and add
that to my playlist so thank you so much
for watching I hope you enjoyed the
video if you did please give it a big ol
thumbs up it does take a lot of effort
from myself and my editor Billy to make
these videos so when you interact with
them by liking them commenting
subscribing etc it's really awesome and
it helps us out a lot so I hope you all
have a fantastic time until I see you
next see ya
you
