what's up everyone my name is Nathan
McKenna and welcome back to my channel
today we're going to be reacting to
Little Mix I actually made a Twitter
poll to see whether I should react to
Little Mix or fifth harmony and Little
Mix won by a landslide there was a huge
difference so here we are
Little Mix was chosen they're the chosen
ones before we get into it I want to say
three quick things first off if you're
new here make sure your head down and
click that subscribe button and enable
notifications so you don't miss an
upload secondly I want to say a huge
thank you to Billy my editor I know that
he's gonna cringe while watching this
and probably privileged to put it in the
video but he's been very very helpful an
amazing person and amazing editor so I
just want to give him some huge props
because he's been editing all my videos
that you've been watching so make sure
to go follow his social media he'll put
it right here and give him some damn
love because he deserves it and thirdly
when it comes to Little Mix I actually
don't think I've heard any songs except
for one and that one song I haven't
actually heard them sing I've heard the
song shout out to my ex Hubbard by my
friends band continuum if you haven't
heard of continuum I'll put a link in
the description go check out their cover
they are incredible but I still think
I'll react to shout out to my ex in this
video so let's get cracking all right
this first song is called powwow
featuring storm Z I don't know who storm
tears should I do a reaction to them as
well
this kinda looks like it could be a
commercial straight off the bat my only
concern so far is that I didn't
understand a word of that I mean I was
happy with the with the quality of
singing was pretty cool
perhaps lack of a singing also love that
sparkly eyeshadow that was a pleasant
surprise
I really really didn't expect it to go
into that sort of chorus over the last
say like year or so I've been really
warming up to that sort of electronic
vibe or so as soon as that chorus
dropped I was like yeah I'm in this not
even gonna lie and this is probably
maybe the biggest unintentional
compliment I've made on one of these
videos for the last like 40 seconds or
so I kind of forgot that I was actually
filming a reaction video I was just
watching the music video I'm enjoying
this I know I like when vocals overlap
in songs because realistically they
didn't need to just like end his feature
and then they suddenly go into the
chorus it provides such an easy natural
transition I'm just gonna head on to the
next song this one's called touch human
nobody in a veil is fair I haven't
really decided whose voices I quite like
individually they sound really good
altogether but I'm not sure on the
individual sounds I do like that first
thing it's voice
this is a really nice just say I'm
saying not for any bad reason but just
because I know this is going to be in my
head like I know it already and anytime
I've said that about a previous song in
any of my previous videos I have been
absolutely correct so I just know I'll
be cooking and I'll just be like just a
touch looks like something out of some
like weird candy video game it could be
a level in that wreck-it ralph game
what's a cool sugar rush that's what it
is
that some that didn't enjoy quite as
much as the first one it's alright and I
wouldn't complain if it was on but
they're very talented people like not
just in the same Department but in the
dancing Department alright let's move on
to the next one next one is called black
magic this is just an accurate
representation of my university life
dude though these lamps I don't know
it's just like an American thing I've
never seen one of these in person can
someone tell me whether these are
actually in libraries and stuff because
I see them in so many movies so many TV
shows and music videos like this and it
just it feels weird that like schools or
offices or whatever would all use that
same brand of lamps Beats headphones
product placement honestly I'm not like
throwing shade but I wonder how much
they got
find out weird in our current time we
select this weird depiction of the nerd
in media like that dude there with the
broken glasses and the you know tucked
in shirt and all that sort of stuff
where is I don't know if it's the same
in the US or other countries but in
Australia the people who were really
smart were the cool people at school
everyone was like damn I wish I could
have AIDS and I feel like the like weird
stigma around being smart that used to
get you bullied kind of isn't really
that much of a thing anymore it's sort
of cool to know things so I just I just
find it a bit weird when there's this
whole like hard the nerd that gets
teased and everyone hates a class I
don't know that's just me I'm gonna move
on to the next song this one's called
secret love song when you hold me in the
street oh nice you have those low notes
really nicely I'm actually really
already interested in this song because
the last three have been away pretty
upbeat so if this is a bit more of the
low key maybe like slower paced thing I
am a sucker for that drum beat I come
from the exact word for what they call
essentially what happens is when you hit
the snare drum which is the one that
makes it like snapping sound you kinda
just can let the stick bounce and sort
of just kind of do this like that roll
and it sounds beautiful when done in
moments like this such a subtle thing
though so I don't think that many people
care about it but I do you colonies in
Jason I was really happy because of
VidCon us this year they did this big
VidCon featured creator show and Jason
Derulo actually came and performed and
it was such a great show really really
good show and he is a fantastic
performer all right let's move on to the
next one we're officially on to the last
song core shout out to my ex which I
said I knew through my friends band I
did say that the stop I'm gonna say
again now go check out that video you
will not be disappointed
Savage oh my gosh that course is just so
catchy and I know who is done by like
the editor of this music video but I
love those purple trees I kind of really
want to drive down that road I'm sure it
was something that was edited in but a
boy can dream I kind of love that this
music video is just a giant middle
finger to someone who was clearly not a
very good partner all right so that's
that overall I'm feeling a little bit
conflicted because while I liked a
couple of those songs a lot of them
won't really my vibe I mean you don't
have to like every song of a band in
order to like them I can say though that
I can imagine myself enjoying all of
those songs when just played in like
atmospheric sort of way like say I'm at
a party chilling with some people and
those songs come on hell yeah but I
think it may be only and one of those
songs to my playlists and that was the
first one power so thanks for watching I
hope you enjoyed the video if there were
any of those songs that you hadn't heard
make sure you pop a comment down below
letting us know what you thought don't
forget to let me know who you'd like me
to react to next and until I see you
next I have an awesome time the by now
