hello everyone my name is Matt McKenna
welcome to my channel today we're going
to be reacting to one Direction's made
in the am album now I did a video a
couple weeks ago where I reacted to one
direction because I've never really
listened to them there'll be a car above
go check out that video if you haven't
and like a lot of people asked me to do
a reaction video to made in the am
because they thought I would like the
other so here we are that's what this
video is
and actually I'm really excited to start
this link to the album now I just have
to get this out of the way make sure you
go down below and click the subscribe
button and a naval notifications so you
get a notification any time I upload a
video that way you won't miss what I do
your favorite band or album so obviously
I'm not going to listen to the entire
album but will actually go away later on
and listen to the entire album I'll
tweet out my thoughts to make sure
you're following me and at Matthew on
this go McKenna but for this video we'll
just pick like four or five souls watch
their music videos and I'll react to
those sound good good so upon searching
I realized I made a mistake there are
only a couple of music videos for songs
from Maine in the am so I'll do those
two and then a couple of other songs
just from the album let's start with a
music video so let's do it
this one's called perfect I might never
be the one you take home tomorrow then I
love those of you who's one Direction's
music videos usually seem to be shot so
nicely got that nice black and white
beautiful cityscape shot and a nice lens
flare so aesthetic wise I'm already in
although I don't know why how are you
sitting there looking like a frog
Krauss I can tell that you were curious
I loved seeing and this sort of scene
setup I don't know I really dig it this
music I am sort of liking I'll have to
wait until it gets further into like the
chorus and stuff I can already tell you
I preferred history I will probably go
and do like those little puting in doors
thing get a couple of golf balls and a
mug oh my god I've got to do that I have
the room for it too out there we create
this if you like to do the things you
know we shouldn't do like trash art oh
no that's what they gonna do but you
know blankets off yeah that was also a
really nice really nice shot there I
can't remember the name of the the
actual film shot what it's called but
like they zoom in on the subject while
moving away and that's how they get that
weird like distorted background look
they do it in movies like jaws
he was jumpy he hadn't touched a thing
on the surface of course everything was
supposed to be fine so the same
filmography techniques that are used in
Jaws
ah yes so I do like the fullest sound it
kind of feels like there's there's more
to the song overall so far it's still
not really my jam I hesitate to say it
but it feels a little cliche I don't
know I love the music via the visuals
aces love it the music itself I'm not
quite sold on I wouldn't mind if it
played somewhere I would happily listen
to it but I don't really think I'd seek
it out like this that's nice
it's very pleasant in this song not that
the others more pleasant but I'm just
particularly noting that his voice was
I've been too involved in the nice
visuals of the music video to sort of
think the actual content is that the
same guy that in my last video was doing
that orchid dance on the stairs kind of
which music video was but my editor
billing he did a fun little edit on it I
feel like he and I would have a lot in
common because that's just how I dance
at parties as well yeah they're Rascals
very funny story with the whole riding
on the bellhop luggage thingy
not this VidCon us but last VidCon us I
actually asked the bellhop of one of the
hotels I think it was the Marriott hotel
they were coming back with the luggage
and it was empty I was like hey Candace
get on that and ride it with you and his
reaction he looked at me like so serious
he was like alright so I like I
literally jumped on this thing and he
just like pulled me around the hotel he
went pretty fast with it too it was
actually kind of terrifying did she like
cameras flashing every time we go ah
that's an interesting turn it was one of
those songs that was like yeah let's
let's be bad and have fun it's awesome
and then I went like all serious and a
line I really sort of paid attention to
that if you like cameras flashing every
time we go out because I mean that would
be their life right any time they leave
with a new partner millions of
photographs so overall love to the music
video that was a fun music video
visually quite nice that was good to
watch the action itself like I said it
was alright I'd listen to it again but
probably not actively seek it out let's
hit up just a plain song no music video
we're doing
this is very very different any of the
other one day stuff I've listened to for
some reason this is reminding me of
maroon 5 I really have no idea why I
don't even think it really sounds that
much like it but it's just what I
thought this is my jam I really really
like this actually it's like nice and
takes all my boxes for a song that I'd
listened to obviously if I could change
the burning like 45 seconds into the
music but I do like this a lot
I don't know this is gonna like kind of
offend anyone although I'm pretty sure
I've been quite transparent about this I
don't usually listen to that much pop
music and I generally don't like that
much pop music I mean that feels like it
was written with with a real intent like
we need this to play on the radio this
kind of feels more like something that
one direction just went yeah we want to
write this and so I can tell you the
burning of that song I'm actually gonna
go add it to my Google Play library
after this video but please don't get
angry at me okay because it's just my
personal tastes and I'm not saying at
all that he is better than any of the
other members but I have to say my
favorite voice out of the group I think
is Harry his sound is just it's its
pleasant to my ears I could have said
that in a less weird way but that's what
we're going with
alright let's pick one more song without
a music video before we go to the last
music video so now we'll be listening to
infinity oh okay so I just opened this
video thinking it would be a lyric video
it's them live so you know that's good
enough right let's react to their live
performance of infinity everybody wants
you everybody
again I'm sorry guys
Harry's voice is my favorites it's just
it's so good it's so nice to listen to
even if he doesn't look like Fabio now
not too often you hear good use of
violin in pop music often it feels like
songs just go overboard with it use it
as this huge dramatic thing but often
that's not how violins are best used
sometimes it's best if it's just a nice
subtle background thing I feel like it's
a it's kind of daring of them in a good
way even though they've got you know
quite a few instruments backing them the
band is actually kind of running on a
naked sound here a lot of music like
it's all the instruments are you know as
big or as prominent as the voices and
they all sort of work together that's
how it is a lot in pop music there's
like this huge big full sound whereas
this it's pretty much impossible for bad
or even mediocre singing to be carried
by the instrumentals here they have to
be performing very very well in order to
make this sound even remotely good and
so far they're killing the voices all
meld together so well don't they if I
remember correctly in x-factor they were
all just sort of grouped together by
Simon Cowell right and I'm sure it
wasn't immediate but over time they've
managed to work all their voices so they
meld together like that and when you
think about it it hasn't been that long
since one direction was properly formed
so in a short span of time to be able to
have all of your voices work together so
well that's that's also admirable there
you go so there's the point where the
band sort of brings in their bigger
sound
I don't know what that little moment
well this couple of them actually seemed
pretty awkward on the stage
but it's like yeah we're just gonna
dance now oh hell I can say after that
is that I really really want to see
those four guys do like a barbershop
quartet style song that would be amazing
the One Direction barbershop quartet
alright so after that were on to our
very last one and then it's the music
video for drag me down I got a river
forest so they like training to be
astronauts or something that's a pretty
cool concept for a video all right this
course again it sounds very different to
the rest of their stuff maybe I just
haven't listened to enough one direction
to gauge what their sound is but this
feels different I like it though such
huge levels of swag the way that they
dress the way they act it's it's great I
gotta get me some of that swag so I'm
not an awkward I think I can tell you
again right now that this is going to be
the other song that I had to my playlist
that shop for me it's kind of like yeah
we are in all these planes I sort of
like the parallel between the music
video and the actual music in that it's
like nobody can drag me down and they're
all getting into a rocket to go like
higher than any other humans go what's
he doing so I'm sorry I think what's
happened was the camera moved a bit too
fast for me
so it was expecting to do like a slow
walk but have to end up doing this quick
hobble drag me
I don't know this song is kind of
directed to because the lyrics it's
almost like a thank you but just I'm
just maybe guessing here is this sort of
about the band how the band feels about
the band and that like they've all stood
by each other for everything that's
happened because it was so that's really
cute One Direction is really evolved I
mentioned something similar to this in
last week's video when I reacted to
Justin Bieber go check out that video if
you haven't already but it feels like
something that's common with pop artists
is that they start their career sort of
seemingly having their songs written for
them and then just kind of seeing what
they're told but then as they grow their
sort of artistic vision grows with them
and they start going like this is the
music that we want to make the sound we
want and here's how we want it done and
I feel like when you start having bands
take that creative direction that's when
their music sort of starts getting
better so again I will say overall while
I couldn't classify myself a fan of One
Direction I can absolutely acknowledge
the musical talent they have and say
that some songs there are a couple songs
they make like I said that I'll put on
my phone put in my library and probably
listen to and I think that kind of comes
from the band being able to have so much
variety due to the fact that there are
so many different voices in the band
that can just hit this massive variety
of sound types that's a really cool
thing for men to have thank you so much
for watching this video I hope you
enjoyed it make sure you hit that
subscribe button also don't forget to
give me a big old thumbs up and comment
down below what you want me to react to
next because I love doing requests I
like knowing what people want me to
listen to I hope you have a lovely time
until I see you next see ya
