hello that everyone my name is matthew
mckenna and welcome back to my channel
today i'm gonna be reacting to billy i
wish i think that's how you pronounce
her name i've actually had a lot of
requests for billy so you know i'm
always interested to dive into what you
want me to listen to before we start
there if you are new here make sure you
click Subscribe internal notifications
so you get notified anytime i upload in
your video so the first song we're gonna
be listening to is called ocean eyes
sorry a nice relaxing note I like that
her voice just has a really Pleasant
sound to it not like husky it's just
like soft-spoken and that's kind of nice
to me at the moment
she's already hit quite a range of notes
actually not just I but yet some really
low notes too
it's just like one of the first sort of
songs was only two years ago I don't
know how long she's been kind of making
music
this feels like it's just a one shot has
there been any cuts yet
the
no Sochi
it seems like she's using the woods
Oshin eyes to mean a bunch of different
things cuz like she has used it to mean
crying but it kind of seemed like she
was just talking about blue eyes at some
point oh there's like a delay coming and
that's cool
I'm really digging her vocal runs the
way that she uses her notes are just
like really really nice and a voice is
just super pleasant to listen to this is
actually like the sort of music I'd
listen to if I just want to like chill
after a day it's super like easy to
listen to and relaxing
she's getting it on her face no oh I see
that's like a representation of like
running mascara that's pretty cool
Daniel what a note to end a song on I
mean it's the first song I quite enjoyed
that I'm a tiny a little bit worried
that I'm gonna love that song but the
rest of her is not gonna be very similar
to that first song I really hope it is
cuz that was really nice
I'm gonna add that to my playlist as I
said it's the kind of song that I really
listen to I'm just like kind of in a
relaxed mood or just kind of chilling or
maybe even when I'm like zoning out so
that's kind of perfect for the playlist
that I use when I take the train to and
from work in the mornings let's move on
to the next so this one isn't a music
video it's just audio which I actually
don't mind because it means I can just
like listen to the meaning of the song
you know and some of the lyrics so let's
do this very slow start this feels like
so bad
this sounds like a song that would be
played on a movie trailer when like you
know some stuffs about to go down I can
just imagine like soldiers preparing for
war or something
I love songs that stick in this cage to
me it feels like calling someone out and
I and I just I really like that in a
song you better love me because you're
just a clone sounds like she's calling
someone out I don't know enough about
like history with her and whoever else
she has beef with but that's what I'm
feeling here
I might be reading way too much into
this but is this some sort of like
commentary on sort of the pop industry
like how everyone's kind of a copycat of
everyone else is that sort of what she's
gone for or at least how artists are
kind of encouraged to be a certain way
people still say psych I'm sorry I'm
sorry I'm sorry
psych Savage
okay so I think that's gonna be one of
those songs that I need to be explained
to me so if you have any idea what
that's sort of getting out or talking
about I would adore to hear it because
honestly it seems like there's some sort
of beef between her and someone else but
I'm not even gonna dare to like talk
about it if I don't know for sure so I'm
just gonna like stay right out of that
all right so the next song we're
listening to which is the second last
song we're gonna listen to is called
bellyache and it's another music video
I'm literally just looking at the first
frame of this and I'm already liking the
visuals so that's maybe a good sign this
doesn't sound dissimilar from the first
song we listened to in its introduction
it's a giant yellow jumpsuit I dig that
style and this is not where I thought
that's always gonna go musically
it's a very specific situation sitting
all alone mouthful of gum in the
driveway hold on what my friends are on
fire she got cash money okay I wasn't
sure if I was extracting something that
wasn't there when I was like she likes
some sort of criminal but I feel like
that's exactly what's going on I love
this dancer too in the middle of a road
this feels so bizarre I'm really digging
this girl she's a talented singer I like
the way her songs that compose and this
music video is fun as well even if she
does look like a banana
Wow I just realized that the way as my
mind thing is like I've lost my mind
where is it's like a reward poster have
you seen this mind
got a belly
actually quite like how simple her music
videos are whether that's like a budget
thing or what but it's just nice to
watch something that doesn't like blow
me away the Popo got you
I mean I'm sure that it was kind of
intentionally vague in a lot of ways but
one kind of piece of meaning I extracted
from that is like there are so many
times in life where you face situations
where you're like hey everything is
great for everything was bad and is now
better but then like suddenly kind of
everything goes wrong or maybe not even
everything just like enough goes wrong
and you just like damn I was feeling so
good and now everything sucks or in
other words thought I felt better
now I could've bellyache like I said
that's maybe just extracting some sort
of vague message but I think that's
pretty cool
because that is something that I'm
pretty sure everyone is gonna go through
one time or another in their life
the last song we're gonna listen to is
called lovely and it is with Khalid who
is another artist that I've been meaning
to react to for ages so let me know down
in the comments below if he is someone
that you would like me to react to as
well anyhow let's play this last song
this feels a bit more big-budget ok this
was released a couple months ago
I wonder if now like she's got a bigger
budget for music videos and it's gonna
go more intricate
I am again loving the outfit I know it's
just like a bunch of chain and that's
probably symbolic like she's trapped
their voices sound quite nice together
so they're like both traps together in
some sort of prison
heart made of glass a mind of stone okay
so isn't it lovely you know essentially
being alone okay I'm not sure if this is
kind of like about emotionally
distancing yourself from things maybe in
order not to be hurt that seems like a
really interesting message for me
another physically distancing themselves
from each other yeah okay it might be a
breakup sort of thing because they're
talking about tear me to pieces all
alone
another finding like solace with each
other I mean that's kind of cute also a
beautiful violin playing
so that was actually a pretty cool
message as well this is my
interpretation but I really liked
hearing a song that was kind of talking
about I guess how it can be
counterproductive or just detrimental to
yourself to emotionally distance
yourself and like close yourself off to
the world and new experiences because
you're afraid of being hurt and I mean
they're literally closed off in this
little box together and chained up
they're like emotional scars of the past
in a way they're burden that keeps them
in there and I guess at the end when
they kind of disappeared from that
little box is them kind of like
confronting and dealing with those
burdens people go through a lot of stuff
in life I've been through quite a bit of
stuff in my life and I have honestly
caught myself more than once deciding
not to do something simply because I'm
afraid of being hurt and all that
results in is kind of just like
loneliness and stopping yourself from
experiencing new things so I mean if
you're in that boat I would encourage
you to do things with the knowledge that
you may end up hurt because the thing
itself is worth it anyway that was a
that was a bit heavy for the end of the
video overall I actually really really
liked Billy I'm probably gonna go and
listen to some more songs and gonna add
a couple more of my playlists overall I
think she has a very interesting sound
and kind of touches on some interesting
messages so overall like two thumbs also
let me know your thoughts about Billy
did you like did you not like her what
was your favorite song also had you
listened to her before I had I'm always
always keen to hear thoughts thank you
very much for watching I hope you
enjoyed the video if you did please
don't forget to click that like button
and as always have an awesome time until
I see you next see ya
