hello there my name is Matthew McKenna
and welcome back to my Channel today
we're going to be reacting to marina and
the diamonds
I've done a couple videos lately on
artists that seemed to have like a
crossover in the fanbase so I've had a
lot of requests for marina before we
start them if you're new here make sure
you click Subscribe internal
notifications so you get notified
anytime I upload a new video all right I
suppose we'll just get into it okay so
the first song is called fruit I say it
that way because it's about double-o
imagine like a little um lout it doesn't
it's not there it's fruit that base was
lovely at the start this she actually
just going to be singing about fruit I
mean I'm keen for a love song to fruit
why not right voice was a lot deeper
than I kind of thought it'd be
I always love when female singers have
quite low husky voices it's just really
nice to me I also do like the high pitch
stuff but there's just something about
the the husky low tones that I enjoy I'm
trying to like extract meaning from this
that I'm kind of struggling fruit juice
could be like an allusion to alcohol
again
it's interesting how it feels like quite
a sensual song without actually being
outright sensual it feels like I'm being
overloaded with innuendo instead of just
like straight out saying the like sexual
stuff that was kind of cool the cycle of
life is complete once the worms come for
me like when she's buried in the ground
it might be something about like seizing
life I don't know it's life have fun do
you boo
I do know for sure that that like I've
been saving all my summers for you
that's gonna be stuck in my head I'm
gonna be repeating that all night
God we had noises with the voice
I'm a sucker for sparkly dresses
the line like I love you a lot I'll give
you all I got I guess it feels like
those lines are talking about a sort of
like connection or commitment to someone
that sort of introduces meaning into
someone's life I don't know with all the
talk about like life cycles and what
seems to me like seize the day sort of
lyrics I'm kind of getting that maybe
it's like a whole love makes you seize
the day sort of thing I don't know I
could be way off I don't know why but
for like some reason those lyrics are
just not computing for me right now so
let's move on to the next one called
blue that blue is my favorite color so I
guess that doesn't really have any
weight to the song it's a happy merry go
around some oh it's gonna be like
feeling blue isn't it that's what I'm
putting my bets also I cry but I never
meant it great line okay
it's not about feeling blues oh I don't
wanna feel blue okay I see so it's sort
of like finding someone to fix how she's
feeling
okay is marina like obsessed with fruit
or something because they're like a
bunch of fruits at that stand she had
those earrings I can't put my finger on
what it is but I actually quite like the
delivery of these lyrics I don't want to
feel blue anymore either
I really like the notes she's hitting
her also she's wearing like a semi
sparkly dress again so what I've got
from this is she's obsessed with fruit
and sparkly things two things which are
totally fair to be obsessed with fruit
oh okay I'm kind of listening to the
lyrics and it doesn't really seem like
it's about like love it's more just like
hey I'm kind of getting with you for one
more night because I don't want to feel
lonely so I feel you know I'm getting
the point of the song kind of cool that
they just fade it out into nothingness
not too often that songs will do that
there's usually like a big finish or you
know a gradual fade out not just kind of
like and know it goes I kind of like
that it's like the song is over now so
far out of the two have listened to
actually preferred that song even though
it was like a bit more upbeat and poppy
I don't know it's just kind of the note
she was hitting the key shows in as well
as like the tune of that recourse I
actually like really really enjoyed that
so the next song is Hollywood now I'm
gonna guess that this is gonna be like
some kind of self-aware satirical take
on like Hollywood that could be wrong
but that's kind of what I'm gonna guess
American queen is the American dream I
like that Aaron wants to be famous right
she sounds English yeah is she English
I'm gonna google it oh she's well Wow
okay
I'm loving they like star-spangled
banner' theme going on here it's very
very like varsity girl I really like
that line
okay like I know that it's meant to be a
like a joke but also doesn't this just
look like the best party America
so it kind of seems like a take on how
everyone sort of obsessed with being
rich and famous and powerful right
I'm really really liking this song this
is taking my favorite position from blue
that was fun and had a point and was
lyrically pretty cool it felt like there
was a whole story to it kind of like
mostly surrounding her arrival into
America I know that there's like a whole
thing for a lot of international
celebrities about like integrating and
assimilating and becoming American
because that's their best chance of
success most of the time alright so
before we do the last song I have to
make a confession I have heard a couple
of lines of this song by listening to
prima donna which up until now I didn't
realize wasn't called prima donna girl
and of course I know the first two lines
I think all I ever wanted was the world
and then that's all and I know it's a
very famous song so I'm actually like
feeling feeling really good about the
fact that I'm finally gonna hear it
let's do it I love the whole like it's
always someone else's fault because
doesn't like everyone that knows someone
like that I know I do
and these Leary's coming from like a
very self-aware place like I've got you
wrapped around my finger it's like I
know what I'm doing but I know it gets
results
field why does it matter that I have a
huge ego
I like that drop - I am a synthesizer
just that's my night job this is really
savage this is like pure savagery under
the guise of like a preppy pop song is
my favorite kind of savagery and my
favorite kind of pops
I'm really diggin the lighting to just
in like that little room the shadows in
the back of the wall are really nice I
know that it's such a lame thing to
comment on but I'm like damn them some
nice shadows hey girl you got an ass
shadow
yes
good okay this is just a banger isn't it
I can't help but like pop never dance
Matthew she seems to have this habit of
just like ending her songs and I like
I'm kind of cool with it almost feels
like a Palamon right we are done here
okay that's that I make that decision
overall honestly quite pleasantly
surprised honestly I'd heard that she
has this like hoppy preppy sort of sound
and I definitely of course saw that
except in the first song fruit that
seemed a lot more like low-key
but what I didn't really expect was that
like writing satire in so many ways
that's not something you see too much in
pop songs probably because it's not
considered like safe you know it's it's
not advertiser friendly it's hard to
market and it's kind of like lighting
the hand that feeds you in a way like if
you criticize the industry and you run
the risk of the industry just like
shutting you out but I think we're kind
of living in like a perfect time for
that because with everything that's
happened in the last couple years and
all of the eyes being on the industry I
think now is kind of like the best time
for songs like these I know this was
done like six years ago so maybe it was
a teensy bit ahead of its time but I
hope you understand what I mean those
last two songs in particular were very
interesting and very brave and I think
that should really be commended so
anyway those are just my thoughts I want
to hear yours which of those four songs
did you like are you a big marina fan or
are you not leave your answers in the
comments below I'm always always keen to
hear your thoughts thank you so much for
watching and I hope you enjoyed the
video if you did please click that like
button and as always have an awesome
time until I see you next see ya
