I don't know if I agree with our fingers
book but it's making have conversation
so I didn't even really know existed
until about this yes five four three two
vagina
welcome to the bank like if you don't
know what this is it's the thing that I
do with these two twats thing I do these
two feminists every month about sex and
we've got a link to the Google Doc I'll
tell you everything that we're reading
I'll leave a player's below I'll leave
all the links who else do a podcast so
this is gonna be a five minute to three
minute cuz we're quite late for a
drunken appointment as a child ooh well
we're late for it so we're gonna carry
on and talk about vagina which is the
book we've read this month by Naomi Wolf
I think we all really enjoyed it but
what would be immediate kind of
concluding thoughts that you have I
think that if you're a board averse and
you haven't this to any other podcast so
this is the way she listened to you this
is the book you should read if you
haven't been part of Ukraine before this
is the one that I'm like this is like
curriculum level important you're right
and emerges fun so in the podcast
basically I'll say we cover topics like
is porn really addictive is porn
feminist dopamine from orgasms make
women more creative and confident how do
we feel about casual set does the pill
make us marry the wrong people yeah oh
my god I think we've all listened to the
podcast things that we have all actively
gonna change about our lives because of
this book yeah if you own a vagina and
you plan to go near a vagina we've heard
about joy oh you've got friends with
vaginas it's essential readings also I
listen to the audiobook and it was
perfectly great so you don't even have
an excuse if you're busy like audiobook
that this is my copy of vagina it's very
not because we don't
fit design as one of it is rubbish shit
I feel like we should say maybe like how
we feel about our vaginas now yeah like
how do we feel about our trans now
compared to like I feel like I was
subconsciously disgusted by my vagina up
until this point Wow okay that's a big
check I like right for John one-on-ones
in January yeah I don't know
I feel more emotionally connected to my
vagina which because we're learning
about the emotional connection with the
vagina mm-hmm and I feel like I respect
it more cool I feel like I want to treat
my vagina better like I feel like I want
to show my vagina a good time but in a
way I think we have been eternally
taught to hate them and I'm like really
sad about that yeah and to think of them
more as like a nuisance but to think of
them as just an organ and and now I'm
just like these things are incredible
and this sense it's probably if I have
one I could literally physically feel my
vagina relaxing as I read it I felt like
I was just like oh my god somebody's
writing about this have you just been
walking around yes maybe I have there's
all this stuff about vaginal massage in
the book that's made us all really want
a vagina massage I think I was one for
research one oh my god I agree with our
fingers book but it's making me have
conversations that I didn't even really
know existed until I read this yes yes
the end thank you for watching go check
out the Google Doc and it was done and
that would tell you what we're reading
they'll tell you what reading and
there's a playlist also of all banging
book club videos some by you guys so if
you've made any banging book club
related videos tweet them hashtag
banging book club and we'll find them
and I'll have them check a podcast it's
in the link below we talk about all
sorts
yeah job done next month we are reading
pers a sexual deviant in all of us
and that video will be going up on
Lucy's channel and it'll be late we're
sorry but we're away but it will be up
but it'll be late yeah exactly with
accomplish for joiners
