so I'd be reading this book could eat so
play it's about sports sports I started
reading it and I knew would carry on for
a bit but the juror is out but whether
I'd finish it it caught my eye because
the first chapter is about bunking off
PA and when we talk about women in sport
that is literally the only universal
experience I've ever come across
the writer Anna Castle says the up and
down the country wherever you are it's
the auntie PE ritual is taking place
after like co-founding co-founding the
girls football team in primary school
and then playing for a few years in
secondary school something started
happening inside me that I realized was
happening to my friends too it was like
a private conclusion we never discussed
it but the results were identical
we were women now it was time to stop
playing one by one we stopped coming to
practice we started becoming fashionably
immobile don't disturb your hair to
increase your clothes
don't sweat off all the makeup you're
still learning how to put Arden's what
became kind of humiliating stripping off
strapping down being shouted at being
watched
I was felt like my guy friends got to
see competition as a hobby like as a
joke as a way to have fun but honestly
a14 like the last thing I was looking
for was another way to be forced to
compete with my friends they already
felt like we were being lined up and
compared we'd had enough of that already
and so we left the pitch in my early
twenties I stumbled into like a small
batch of hints of like fits Bo and
lifestyle blogging all the ways you can
change yourself by regulating results
before and after and alongside it a
market of mindfulness coloring and Zen
apps I felt like I supposed to be living
in the moment but training for the next
one
for all of our foremothers of feminism
here in 2016 I still feel like I'm
flicking through a conversation that is
so limited for an equation that is
literally girls plus movement equals
good there seem to be a lot of rules
words like regime and lifestyle and even
numbers are playing a big part on our
conversations around women and moving
talking about exercise often feels like
going back to an old rusty razor to go
at a different cut how does the phrase
go we seek teeth to match our william's
like counting would be fun if it hadn't
been used against us so often I'm
noticing like lone women joggers in
advert phrases like your journey gym
membership for one please if eating
disorders alone me why is the recovery
such a solitary road sure we can
exercise alongside each other but very
rarely we actually encourage you to be
part of a team being together is
something that men do and we get to
watch in eat so play I know the castle
points out how how little women are
really taught about fun I feel so much
pressure to be seen to move through the
world in this purposeful precise elegant
way
finally I've been reminded that for
somebody is scruffy and as bumbling as
me sport sounds a lot more like home
than a yoga mat and so I'm returning to
myself and trying every day to think
less about the before and after pictures
are more about the during reading this
book finally felt like being handed a
corkscrew
after years of opening the bottle my
teeth so anybody fancy you think about
