hello today's book reads come to you
from my bet because I'm super ill
there's like two types of ill to be
there's like the raspy throaty ill which
is like the time that you pick to
renegotiate your phones for Yukon jack
you get to moan about being yelled but
it was like really Catherine zeta-jones
cut away be like I'm so naughty kind of
way video where you kind of like talk
like your nose is blocked all the time
when you were a toddler I have the
second kind but we all proceed I really
like reading books they're already out
mainly because lazy people review them
and try and test them for me because I'm
lazy and also because when I wrote get
around to reading a book it's usually
been out for a few years however today
I've got three new books that have
pretty much just been published in the
grand scale of things in the grand scale
of the world like we're thinking about
from dinosaurs till now I'd say they're
pretty freaking recent
firstly this is when breath becomes air
I saw it on the vintage Channel and well
who runs the vintage book channel did an
amazing video on this book and what I
really like about publishing houses I
love a lot of things about working in
the publishing industry and but one of
them is that I just I just feel a lack
of competitiveness within it that is so
rare compared to other industries and
also just this genuine there are lots of
talented people who work in sales and
marketing and publicity what's great is
that they feel like they're not pushing
a product a lot of the time they
actually genuinely if you get them down
you sit them down and lowered a
lightbulb over their head and started
questioning them you'd realize that most
of them actually really bloody care
about the books big shout out to will
one for making me want to read this book
and two for being so open and honest in
a professional setting in that video and
he like basically kind of breaks a
little bit in cries about how much it
moved him and so he was left visceral
well like remakes that into like a wrap
yeah well we'll really puts himself on
the line in that video and talks really
open about how it affected him and I
think it was really easy to forget when
you're like marketing and publicizing
books is that like really the reading
public's reaction about books is really
based on how other people reacted to
books like if you find out that a book
is affected your friend who affected
somebody you've seen or affected
something else you
want to read it just for that there
isn't we put those to science and
theories and words to why consumer
behavior is the way it is but I think
with books it's particularly visceral
and raw because it's literally just
empathy in action like that is that is
how like the consumer mind works if you
see somebody react to a book you want to
know what they're reacting to and then
you also want to get your head in the
book and react to the people in the book
it's like it's like it is insanely
simple in some ways and that's why I
love working in books and I don't really
want to sell clothes or hand cream or
give finds no they let me sell a phone I
can barely work my own one anyway this
book is about a neurosurgeon who at 36
and at the end of his training and he
finds out that he actually does have
cancer
now I'm not somebody to automatically
pick up a book just because somebody has
cancer and that's not because I'm not
interested in the experience of having
cancer but more to do with the fact that
I'm also concerned as to the way it's
handled this is the only book that Paul
ever wrote but I'm pretty sure if he
wrote on book on any topic it would be
exquisitely written he's an insanely
talented artist and writer and what a
lot of the stuff he grapples with in the
book is this this literature versus
science idea and which one and what made
him pick which one and how how close he
came to picking literature working with
termly old people for most of his career
he's so aware of the of the cancer
narrative and the death narrative he
like actively avoids that he's really
honest about the fact that him and his
wife's relationship wasn't that great
before he got cancer and how the cancer
affected him he talks to me honestly
about his really Jami there's probably
more point where the Japanese decision
about whether to conceive a child with
his wife now he knows that he's got a
terminal illness that decision to bring
a child into the world knowing that
he'll never know his father I was
constantly I had a pad tamp enemy
whatever I was reading this because
there's just so many amazing like pull
out quotes and and bits of wisdom I'm
not really somebody for like Hospital
dramas or doctrine narratives but this
was such a philosophical look at what
the medical professions about and how
it's as pastoral as it is scientific and
most lives I lived with passivity
towards death it's something that
happens to you and those around you but
Jeff and I had trained for years to
actively engage with death to grapple
with it like Jacob with the Angels and
in so doing to confront the meaning
of a life on the front it says the book
is rattling heartbreaking and beautiful
going into this book I think I was
expecting it to be heartbreaking
I was very skeptical whether it be
beautiful and rattling was like a
confusing word for me to use toward this
book and no finishing it like yes it was
heartbreaking but I don't actually think
it was a sad book like that sorts of
cool like if you're scared of like
reading sad books like still read this
this isn't sad I don't think I thought
it was exquisitely beautiful and going
into it skeptical I came out thinking
like bloody hell I think this is one of
the best written books I'm gonna read
this year and ratholing was actually the
most accurate word of this book like it
literally rattled me it was um yeah
there's no words for that you should
just read it I hope it's the test to be
that I have to like review these books
while I mail because I would love to
like get up and like if I was better I
would get up and jump up and down in
this bed to try and communicate how much
a bloody love this is Sofia Khan does
not obliged and it's a book about Muslim
dating it opens on the scene of a
publicist he's going to publishing house
where she works she's wearing her javi
and she's on the tube and some man like
calls her a terrorist and then walks off
the tube and she she stops and like
leans out the door before it closes and
shouts terrorists so we're vintage shoes
you wanker reading Bridget Jones always
felt like her is like piggybacking on
the back of other people's nostalgia
like if you watch my child do I know how
much I love Bridget Jones but I feel
like this is like my Bridget Jones this
is like my generations Bridget Jones
it's as funny as Bridget Jones it's
easily as well written as Bridget Jones
if not better to be honest like I can't
even believe I'm saying this I think
this is like better than Bridget Jones
it's basically about a woman who is a
Muslim and wears a hijab and has just
broken up with her boyfriend because
they were gonna they were gonna get
married that he refused to move away
from his parents who were living next
door and they had a hole in the wall
between their houses and she was like
you know what there's a line that's the
line um so she starts this book newly
single absolutely ready to give a woman
and then people are publishing house and
start over hearing that she's
complaining about Muslim dating and how
how different in house
and how nobody talks about it and
they're like hey that would make a great
book Sophia and she's like ha ha no and
they're like no but really you should
write that book so she kind of gets
cornered into this thing where she has
to go on dates and like research for
Muslim dating to write this book about
Muslim dating that's never happened
before and she's just like oh it's such
simple language it deals with such
complex issues but at the same time
being so light-hearted and so funny I
cry just several times during this it
talks about like other concerns apart
from like the fear of not finding Amanda
so it's more like the idea of getting
older and losing your parents and not
really having anybody well it's like to
watch your friends be in relationships
that are making them happy and what it's
like to like verbally stick by what you
believe and also like what I really
think it's good and what was missing you
know I think it's obvious to say that
there isn't enough representation in
books like this and this is definitely
the first book I've read about Muslim
dating 100% but it it also goes and said
that I think there's there's there
aren't that many books with main
characters that have a faith and that's
not true to something comedic and that's
not true just something where like
they're stupid for doing that or if
there's always a story about them coming
out of that and this is like Sophia has
a faith the whole way through this this
is like she's not a cultural Muslim she
like genuinely believes it apart from
one of those intelligent serious things
this was bloody hilarious Sophia wasn't
just quirky and she wasn't just
intelligent and she wasn't just clumsy
she was like a really believable
combination of those things and so much
I don't think you realize how many
unwanted characters you've been reading
until you stumble upon a book that has a
well run to character again you're like
oh yeah this is what it's like to read a
good reading writing anyway and anyone
else the last time we'll be talking
about that book but I hope it's clear
through most not that it was one of the
most special and brilliant books I've
read all year and definitely for me
that's good at the print Jones and if
you know me you know that that's a huge
thing for me to say and it also reminded
me how much a good rom-com and an
intelligent and an intelligently written
funny book can change the world will
change you a little bit at least okay
dream speech over
textbook the magic art of not giving a
 how to stop spending time you don't
have doing things you don't want to do
with people you don't like now that my
friends is a subtitle I will buy into
this book is not only a self-help book
it's not only a self book book to help
me get over lots of my social anxieties
about displeasing people or not having
enough energy for things or walking the
line between being an introvert and
extrovert it's also just a bloody good
read it's just funny Exhibit A take note
of which evoke those feelings of
joy or annoy in your heart your head and
your gut an agreeable fluttering in the
chest or groin joy let your magicmarker
pass over those items when the Angel of
Death passed over the firstborn sons of
Israel palpitations dread nausea all of
these are criteria for crossing off a
 or three let saronite help you
write a budget for your life it
sounds insane but if you're somebody
like me that needs to please everybody
and never has enough energy to do
everything and isn't quite an
extroverted enough to actually gain
energy for being around people however
much you like them you actually need a
 budget this is a pep talk from an
older sister who has a big of all Cabrio
in you that is funnier than you and
gives less of a and every needs a
big sister like that in their life I
want to learn this coffee to my friends
but it has a huge list of things
that I don't give a about in it and
some of them were kind of like probably
not great okay it may she makes you
write out a list of all the things you
may or may not give a about here
are some things I don't give a
about ex-boyfriends belly folds heat
protection spray cleaving my contact
lenses google parties that loud Amy
Schumer how much money I spend on
audible Skype perfume reddit Facebook
fixing the food blender I didn't know
this book existed when I made the
finally giving a book but if I'd
had known I probably never needed to
make that video there are concepts codes
and policies is another thing I took
away from this so impersonal policies
impersonal proxy weirdos so apparent
policies the idea is that you make these
policies where you don't have to
they know to people directly but you
make a policy in advance so you don't
feel bad about saying no to people so
for example if somebody asks you to
sponsor their ten million mile hike up
some kind of obscure mountain for a
charity that they give a about and
you probably don't
so her idea is that you say something
along the lines of I'm really sorry I
made a personal policy the beginning of
the year but I wasn't going to give to
anybody's just giving pages because I
know that I can't give to the mall and
that makes it really bad so and it's not
fair so instead I give to a charity that
I really care about at the beginning of
the year and that's my personal policy
on that so sorry I don't give to those
kind of things but I really hope you
have the best of the times the idea is
that you made a concept and made a
decision about a theme of ideas before
they ask you for a direct thing and then
when you say no it's not really about
them because the decision was made
before they were there and their
question was asked and it also means
that when people hear the word policy
they kind of tend to react differently
than you saying directly sorry I don't
want to do that for you or sorry I don't
have time or sorry I'm prioritizing
other things over you I really like
self-help books there's nothing I think
we're taught to like be like really
suspicious of say yeah you should read
about them no sorry method today
because it helped me so much and I've
definitely gonna read a again and
recommend it to everybody so you want to
watch my video I'm not giving a you
can do that I mean well I'm gonna go
it's not into a tissue that were sorry's
a very coherent I hope you believe me
that they're all amazing cuz I can wait
apparently to flush out that's not for
my body to tell you about that let me
know if you're excited about it if these
books or if you've had any good books so
that last January in February that knew
that you would like to tell me about or
if you'd like to just tell me about a
certain obscure cure for blocks days I
think the appropriate phrase here is
frogs not out
