Hey I want to talk quickly about a thing
that's annoying me right now are you
listening dude I can compensate the
other day my homeland begin my friends
that's super fun it's so super cheap
London screw you
Andrew dancing and there was some guys
and they came over and they were doing
the whole like hey thing and this one
guy was like you and they're like came
over to me I was like talking to me and
he was like he wanted to make me feel
special by being like I could tell you a
different I wanted to talk to you I
could tell you a different from your
friends you've got something special
you're you could tell you a bit more
with it and stuff looks like I know what
you're saying and add you know what's
amazing I know if I was 17 and I was in
there and somebody came and said that to
me I would feel so chosen I've been
listening to both Burnham's repeat stuff
song a lot it's a commentary on like
Justin Bieber style and marketing and
how lyrics to like songs for girls are
purposely meant to sound like they're
directed at you you the individual you
the person I remember being at school
and being like 1213 and realizing rather
rapidly maybe younger though I wasn't
the pretty one and I wasn't the sporty
one we realized that very early on so we
had to find a thing to be there's a
weird thing about popular girls at
school is that they're sporty and
they're beautiful and you're encouraged
to be like them but you're also
encouraged to hate them and I realized
that if I couldn't be that I should be
the opposite and I should make sure that
my typecast is as preferable as their
typecast and you get into this cycle of
girl hating and it's this thing where
you want to be the tomboy and you want
to be friends of the boys because that's
what people like bloody Bella Swan
stereotypes and it's that Dawson's Creek
character ideal and like the Bella Swan
ideal and the like their boss what's
Arthur's friend and hey Arthur you know
the girl who is the guy friend and who
isn't like the other girls and that's
where she's cool and that's why
eventually the boys like her because she
is
really a girl now I am educated I call
this internalized misogyny I used to not
wear makeup and I used to think it was a
cool thing not to wear makeup there's no
problem with not wearing makeup there's
no issue the problem is that I thought I
was cool for not wearing makeup because
it showed people externally that I
wasn't like the other girls that I was
worth more and actually I was quite
explicitly taught this in a lot of youth
groups hey I think I can see where 14
yourself like in Boots at like the rebel
counter being like no no room or you
cannot have my money do you know why cuz
I'm a clever girl I think that schooling
means that when we're young people want
to simplify lessons for us so we
understand them and that's fine but I
really think that we should start
complicating teenage minds faster
apparently it took me a long time to
realize that I should start imagining
people complexly and I think somebody
should have kicked me at the butt
earlier to be honest this divide between
girls who wear makeup and short skirts
and like are the object of boys desire
and then girls that read and wear
flannel shirts and our best matey's with
the boys I'm right shallow shirts I like
books I like makeup I like wearing short
skirts
I like really petty things and also
really cool deep things and I still
think I get this thing when some guys
will say to me like oh girls cuz girls
do us what girls do as well girls the
earth one boy will screw a girl over and
then a girl I've done it go to hungry
for friends and be like boys I hate them
oh my god I am never seeing another boy
I wish I was a lesbian boys are the same
we're pairing and surrounding themselves
with kind of shitty humans that happen
to be women and they come up to you and
they're like girls am i right and you
want to be like yeah girls I'm not like
the rest of them though when we see
people in these groups we screw
ourselves over we squirrel portunities
over and also just coming out a little
bit dull and boring takeaway today any
boy who tells you you're not like other
girls and thinks it's a compliment
it's fucking idiot males are the species
I've got some very very good news for
you I'm exactly like the other girls is
it too late now to say sorry
yes this is the lipstick I'm wearing
it's got a unicorn on it and it's not
tested on animals whoop
