hey welcome back to the 5 to 9 this is a
series that I do where I talk about
being this weird medium sized influencer
creator person how that creating the
stuff that I do online isn't my
full-time job but it brings me all of
these other things one of the cool
things my creative stuff brought me this
month was a trip to Brussels the
European Commission dmt on Twitter as as
she do and invited me to come to
Brussels for a European development day
all around this campaign called we fish
chic I jumped for joy and was then like
and they were like yeah we still want
you to come not like brilliant the
party's not over til it's over guys I've
been thinking a lot recently about this
idea of going viral of having that one
thing that relates to so many people
that it blows up in it finances the rest
of all of your creative endeavors
forever right it feels like there's a
culture at the moment what everybody's
looking for that thing everyone's trying
to make their thing as universal as
possible I guess I realized that I was
thinking in this way that was like
here's the little nugget of the idea
here's here's truly what I want to
create but to get out there into the
universe and make it literally Universal
I've got to spread it out it's got to be
picked apart and squished so that it can
spread across as many people as possible
and become universally exciting so I
went to this conference and some legit
people like similar JIT people were
there the President of the European
Commission was there I saw him speak
that was incredible
although I'm making written an only
speak English and he was not speaking
English but am I gonna assume what he
was saying here was high quality radical
feminist content the queen of Belgium
was there and also the queen of Spain
who kind of if you're humanly it's a
little bit like Angelina Jolie so I
looked at the program and there were so
many things going on most of which I
didn't even understand the titles of and
there's lots of NGOs a government
official was there and I was like I am
just a lonely blogger taking two days of
work to wound around and pretend to take
notes with all these important people I
met Melanie Murphy there and we had a
great time exploring and I guess I was
kind of like excited about kind of
learning all of these big universal
truths I could take back and be like to
get to return to the office wouldn't be
like oh yes I have been your ambassador
Europe and I come bringing Universal
wisdom I don't know I guess I was like
looking for answers and instead I ended
up listening a lot to a lot of other
people's very specific stories I ended
up wandering in on a lot of unexpected
discussions that I would have never
thought about things that would never
across my radar you can't get more
specific and also less in my industry
than a panel on the sharing economy and
how apps like uber change economy for
women which was actually incredibly
interesting did you know that women
drivers in the UK see an average uplift
in earnings of 22 percent when they sign
up to a driving app like uber compared
to 6 percent for men it's got a lot to
do with the flexible hours issue it
takes out the factor of favoritism and
bartering economy I also learned that
uber are committing loads of money to
women in Saudi Arabia now that the law
is about to be changed for them driving
paying for them to get their licenses
with no obligation to join uber as a
company me and Melanie went to this
amazing screening of this film called
Mercy's blessing watch I'll leave a link
to below and the director may was there
and it was this film or about boys
giving up their positions in education
to make way for their little sisters so
their little sisters wouldn't get
married off and it was just an
incredible and it was just this
incredible conversation starter about
noble sentiments and cold rationalizing
and and where real change can happen
within that and again it was a film
about a very specific boy in a very
specific girl their sibling chef in
their village but and she talked about
how it did have this universal impact
she wasn't expecting I went to I went to
a panel about women's access to digital
in Africa and how that changes their
access to everything else and again a
lot of the information was about places
I'd never heard about before and
specific situations and people that I
was just listening to and stumbling into
discussions like this means that you
don't bring in theory emotive or any
experience to the table so you're really
sitting there and just listening and not
trying to make something relevant to
your life I think this conference was a
great antidote to a lot of the self-help
and like well-being stuff we see around
because there wasn't this kind of like
we're telling you this because it can
relate to you it's like we're telling
you this week
it has intrinsic value without you and
we believe that you knowing these are
people's stories is important in and of
itself as I wandered round Brussels and
in the mornings and the evenings of that
conference I thought about this quote by
James Joyce in the particular is
contained the universal and I realized
since reflecting on going to that
conference that I had the diagram wrong
the reason some stories feel so empty
and feel so far away is because you're
not meeting the person as they are and
you're not listening to their stories in
the way they choose to tell them and and
there's something very particular when
we think about content as viral or
universally applicable or or accessible
accessible in an intellectual way anyway
it doesn't always mean spreading
something out and making it thinner and
simplifying it when I say the story of
an elderly woman living in Zimbabwe
isn't accessible or relevant to me what
I'm really saying is that I don't know
how to access it I haven't taken the
time to access it and perhaps I've got
too excited about the idea of everything
being relevant to me I took so much away
from that conference from listening to
all of these incredible women doing
their very specific jobs of things that
I have no idea about some of which I
can't articulate because it's too
specific for the language that I have I
guess it's it's there and I know that I
got so much out of it it's hard
sometimes to explain what that was and I
guess that goes back to this diagram
that I thought about being well wrong if
James Joyce is right then when you get
something particular when you get a
story that is so specific to you and
your intent isn't to make it for
everyone that's where we find the
universal is in these specific
situations these stories with crevices
and corners and details and footnotes
the universal isn't waiting out there
it's it's in there in those stories for
me that flipped my creativity on its
head yeah I might not have made a viral
video I might
know how to make a video that will be
applicable to hundreds of thousands of
people but do we need five people
telling thousands of people how life is
perhaps we need more stories we need to
seek out lesser-known ones because the
places where I found the universal that
thing that nugget that film makes me
feel connected to the universe and to
other people is in particular places and
perhaps everyone's particular places
somewhere really specific so I guess
what I was saying is make your
particular art share with us your
obscurity it might not be the thing that
puts light in your home or filled your
bag with food or puts water in your tap
that thing often happens in the
nine-to-five but write your particular
than the five to nine and fold them up
in little notes and pass them around
because we want to hear them still it
might not make it round the world in 80
days but for the person whose palm it
lands in they might just keep them on
earth
you
you
