so I'm in trouble I'm in trouble because
I just poses with my Instagram and I
realized it was true I'll show you it
says people will make time for what they
really give a fuck about I've been
wondering exactly why give a fuck about
in this period of my life it's been a
strange time because I feel like I'm
somebody who has a lot of capacity to
give a fuck and just to give a fuck
about I feel like I wander around
bumping into things and giving a fuck
about them purely because I've bumped
into them about a year ago I made a
video entitled am i a writer because
lots of people are asking me did I write
was I writing a book I should write a
book etc etc and I was like oh you can
watch the video but I was basically just
like when I have something to write
about
I will be a writer until then I don't
know today's we you don't know I've
recently been suffering with some like
clinical stress I guess or just like a
lot of stress in my life and I feel like
I fill it with a lot of stuff and a lot
of that stuff I really give a fuck about
and some and some of that stuff I'm just
like I like I don't love I guess there's
that ideal self that thinks if I had
some time dot dot dot then I would do
this and then you find out when you have
some time you're not doing those things
and in my mind the thing that I thought
if I have some more time I will always
do some more writing and then I thought
to myself
get real Lina you haven't been doing any
writing you ever in a book if you wanted
to write a book you would have and then
I started unpacking my room and I
realized that I had been writing
not only had been writing all along but
I felt like a lot of the scraps of paper
and little thoughts that I had in hidden
documents kind of made sense together
they were in some ways one thought and I
saw that people were doing NaNoWriMo and
I thought hey hey I finally put all of
my writing in one document and I was
like this is 30,000 words of a fuck I
fuck that I already give something that
I thought I just didn't do because I
didn't feel like it I have been kind of
doing all along Thurs you don't know
NaNoWriMo is a National Novel Writing
Month I'll leave some links below but
it's basically loads cool people on the
Internet
deciding crazily to write a 50,000 novel
in a month together oh god oh and an in
a rare moment of complete sanity I've
signed up and a lot of people in my life
lately have pointed out that I I spend a
lot of time one of the people and
whether that's you know in a selfish way
to make sure they like me or it's
selfless and I'm sure making sure that
they know that I care about them I spend
a lot of time saying yes to events and
yes to things things that I really care
about things that I love but are those
events things that I give the most fucks
about November it's gonna be an
experiment for me where I am gonna be
spending the majority of my time trying
to write a novel not because I think
I'll be good not because I think any we
will see it but because I can't not I
just read big magic by Elizabeth Gilbert
and she talks a lot about privilege and
the privilege of making things and the
permission we feel that we need to have
to make things and we think that only
some people are ordained with the
privilege to create and we think that
only some people it's kind of like my
bathtub busking how do you think there
are some people that have been blessed
with genius the phrase put your money
where your mouth is comes to mind but as
rosianna points out in one of her very
good videos recently it's not money that
is the most important thing but time so
I'm gonna put my time where my mouth is
and I'm gonna way lay a lot of other
things that I could be doing in
society's view maybe I should be doing
and I'm going to chill for a bit I'm
gonna stop with the stress levels I'm
gonna stop with the constant need to
keep running around and bumping into
things and I'm gonna participate in this
really cool thing that I've been
watching from the sidelines happen for
years and finally realize how much of a
fuck I give about it if you'd like
I'm gonna leave the links below to my
and an aroma profiles you can see how
I'm doing and do friend me on there if
you'd like I need all the help we can
get I might do a few Twitter sprint
stuff on online as I'm doing it so you
know if you have any suggestions of like
funny jokes I should put in the book or
like funny character names like things
that you'd love to see in a book that I
would write then go for it because my
outline is very very very very hazy
right now only you doing NaNoWriMo
have you tried it before will it be okay
how am I going to die time given versus
folks given how well do yours match up
let me know in the comments frog snog
