I think I saw them I think I saw them
standing by the bowls of crisps at the
party the party was silent but it was
noisy I wasn't making any noise so my
head the party was silent I was usually
used to gabbing and gasping at what his
people were saying but at this party
things were a little bit different
usually a party's people would pull
snapshots from their heads of things
they'd experienced in places they'd been
and they wanted to seem like a globe at
this party people were 1080 by 720 and
as a result I felt 330 by 330 an avatar
a Polaroid picture a profile and I
didn't know what to say I was a face
without a number attached the silence in
my head made the crisps sound really
loud whereas at other parties there
would be a globe out there that I didn't
know about and I felt swamped in
landscapes of knowledge I just didn't
have at this party it was more like
being trapped in an analogue radio when
everybody else has broadband but it was
good for me not to be the person with
all the noise and after a while the
silence brought thoughts I thought about
the strangeness of generations before
who had an expansive life and every now
and then would stress and strain and
spend to capture it in a box and here
are we living life in the box and
straining to live a life outside of it
to make sure there's a really good thing
in the box in that 1080 by 720 Captain's
Log happened every day stardate whenever
wherever I capture therefore I live I
thought that living inside that
rectangle must be the equivalent of
being born with a
very good title 200 years ago it's a new
box it's the literal box finally
post-modernism has brought us to the
point where language has Mystic Meg the
future before figuratively we lived in a
box now a fulfilled prophecy we actually
live in a box
I wonder moving on to the pop table and
pouring some fairly flat sprite why
we've gone from struggling to fit the
macro in the micro to worrying about the
micro and making sure there's enough
macro to go around I guess it's all a
game of witnessing of some search for
deity if you think that your world can
fit into 1080 by 720 then you can post
it post it on postcards digital
postcards to thousands of people all
over the world and they will get it
through their letterbox and not and say
that is a good world but what if your
world is choppier than that messier than
that what if it's really big really
expansive really ambiguous you can't fit
it into a box and post it out to the
world and people can't nod and say that
is a thing to spread your life on many
slices of toast every morning throwing
those bits of toast out of the window to
land butter side up or butter side down
that's not a thing or is it well will we
not know are there enough eyes in the
world to watch everything that you're
doing or are your gods so small and so
busy and so in need of shareable short
bite-sized content that you have to make
sure your life is small enough to
explain to them in 1080 by 720
your life is as big as your God is and
if there isn't one there I guess your
life can be as big as you like
hi guys thanks for listening to that
little thought experiment um I made it
wit very little bit a bit I made a video
a while ago cool stories can stay and I
kind of just made that up on the spot I
didn't really think about it I just kind
of ad-libbed it and I wondered how you
know it's just a little creative
experiment how the stuff would happen if
I just started with ascendant sentence I
can't even speak now have too much
eloquence and Sirte clear sentence and
Sarah saw how far I could go with it and
just improvised it so I sorry just
started with the sentence I think I saw
them and I had lived in there and I kept
the camera and I saw what happened and
that's what happened if you like these
little story experiments I think they're
like really interesting to see what
comes out of my head because that was
just not what I thought I didn't even
know I was gonna go to a YouTube party
that was exciting
there's always interesting to see what
comes out of those little experiments so
I hope you liked it if you did would you
like to give it a thumbs up no fine
whatever and go crazy no I really
appreciate you guys watching my random
random ramblings and I'll see you in a
thought experiment I guess what should
we call this so what's on the fly just
gets my thoughts so we have to have a
series name for everything probably who
knows anyway folks knockout
