hello this is a hair tutorial who people
who believe their hair is dead oh wait
it is dead okay so I'm not dissing
people who do you want spend loads of
money on their hair and it's time on the
hair I am NOT one of those people I do
not want my hair to like crown my head
and my face and I don't want it to like
radiate out of me as part of me I just
want it to not evoke comment I don't
want it to be bad enough to a vote
comment I love playing around my hair as
you know and I hate paying for things
and I've had lots of bad experiences the
hairdresser's who are just kind of like
they'll just like slip me their card at
the end and look at my pink hair and be
like this is for when you want to go
brunette basically I'd rather spend 45
pounds on gin that's where we're going
with this so Lina need dear frugal
viewers is a pair of hair scissors now I
had a little disaster back in 2009
didn't buy hair scissors didn't wash
hair tutorials didn't cut my hair like
this it went wrong there was no plan
that was not plan not even even I have a
habit of doing this as well and just
like laying it flop is got mullet I am a
responsible adult nothing good will come
so is stingy as you are get theta boots
9 pounds
never have to buy them again I was just
like they're scissors this is they're
not just as as their houses as is
different it's different science ok
I'm also going to attempt to make sure
this tutorials as fast as possible
because view have attention span that I
do for hair which is why you're probably
here is not long I don't quite thin hair
and so I like to take the section the
way I'm going to make a fringe from
quite far back it just cut my hairs
quite thin but it depends on your hair
type there's two ways you can do it you
can either section your hair so it's in
a nice dome shape like that or you can
just do it two straight lines I'm gonna
do a dome shape I think just because it
involves more hair natural hair looks
are not a myth so try to just listen to
your hair about it like just don't be a
dick
just let me a dick about it basically no
means no if your hair doesn't want to go
a certain way or you know the certain
hairs that will just pop over there just
pop that it's fine it's all it's all
so now you got a section that you do
want to cut into a fringe I would
suggest ejecting the rest from the
situation put them on the children's
table this is an adult evening
neither although it's hard to address
it's hard to present a show when the
whole point of the show is that you have
too much of a fringe the way I prefer to
do my hair is that I prefer to not just
have a straight line like this I don't
just want this that doesn't know what I
want I want like a nice little curve
round because I'm often gonna have my
hair down and I want my fringe to kind
of blend in so I pull the hair down to
probably just below the bridge of my
nose like that I go to tend to do it
longer than I would do and then I'll
shorten it later grab it there and then
what the trick is to twist like that you
see waiter twist hold it with this hand
and that means that the hairs oh we've
got a straggler this far end of my head
are crossing over to this side and their
hairs from the far end of this letter my
had a career here but the center Pitts
will and the center bits are centered in
the middle here which means that these
bits will be shorter than these bits
which is the idea because we want to do
this okay I would do this a few times
just to make sure you've got a feel the
fill it's just got a feel right man it's
a spiritual journey this fringe thing
okay I think where you'd like to cut and
then cut lower because things are gonna
get crazy from here you ready
webs as you can tell I don't care ready
steady to cut into it like that trying
to get that straight as possible but
doesn't matter because we're going to
trim lots anyway we cut off from her yeh
strategy some gone do you feel lighter
and yourself good ok what I've got here
is quite a long fringe high fashion no
practicality level so what we're gonna
do is maybe back up a bit so now I want
to shorten my hair a bit I'm obviously
gonna be blow-drying curling it a little
bit so it's gonna have a little bit of
lift but the way I then shorten my
fringe again is to take a section
let's do ok well let's split it into two
I'm gonna take a string
down section from their likes though and
then what I'm gonna do is I'm going to
pull it back on itself he's either the
short submits in the front are falling
down because they are the shortest bits
but you can see these bits here are
strangling down so what I do is cut into
those very lightly here doesn't need to
be exact
pull it back you can see those are the
bits that are left over so I'm just
gonna trim those and then when I put it
forward its gradually gradiated
okay so now we've got what I would
consider to be an okay gradient of
fringe shape something a little bit
choppy a little bit casual but it
generally feels in some way saluting at
the symmetrical now what I'm gonna do is
trim into it so basically we did the
rope to get the shape we did the chink
to get the layers and the thickness so
it wasn't just straight across and it
moved naturally and now I'm literally
just going to trim it so what I do for
trimming it is by chop into the hair so
if you can see this here what I do to
get it quite natural it's to just share
at it this way and you see here just
assume this and shops just literally you
know gently do it like that so it stays
even
and then we measure it to their that is
the perfect length I'd like it cool so
I'm going to do the same again and take
about the same amount off bearing in
mind the gradient that I spend ages
creating
okay so that is my casual choppy fringe
I've left it so that I still have some
room for lift when I blow-dry it as you
can see so that would be a perfect
length
once it's blow-dried and usually when
you cut your hair it goes a little bit
weird it gets a bit of a shock so what
I'm gonna do is go and wash it and
possibly dye it and then I'll show you
at the end yay 45 pounds richer I guess
it's the next day and this is the
finished fringe yeah we did the fringe
was it that hard nah thanks putting up
with the slightly different kind of
content I just feel like this is a video
that I look for all the time and I would
love some pre explain it really simply
as this is a combination of different
techniques that I've learned from the
internet and work for me yay let me know
if you cut your fringe frogs log out
