hi guys welcome to just gives my frog
and today we've got an unboxing now the
Man Booker Prize is that me a huge big
box of great books hmm what I'm gonna do
is pick them out one by one and talk you
through all of the really great books
everyone mmm what great great and what
makes these Man Booker people think that
these books are great what's this about
really can't just go onto the internet
and tell people or literature is on I
got this the other day coloring book
you're gonna put that on the list didn't
think so but it's a book review
challenge so it's been telling people
what great books are this thing is LDF
central does that stand for
liberalism democracy fluidity did you
use me that up yeah it's not like
they're just being randomly plucked from
trees like historically the Man Booker
Prize has chosen some great books this
isn't just me saying these are good
books like history would suggest so like
look at all these amazing books that
have won in the past everybody loves
those book this is ldf senators
democratic always me right or just
agreed because like look at the history
of the Man Booker Prize winners
everybody loves those books this how it
works it gets selected as a man booker
long list or short list book lows will
people read it that wouldn't have
normally read it odds on most of those
people who read it bloody you love it
i'm not trying to be difficult
i'm just asking what's already in the
comments okay but look not all frames of
curation are based on democracy you
don't walk out from museum just because
not everybody has voted for those
specific pieces to be in the specific
gallery do you you go into an art
gallery because you trust the curation
of people who run the art gallery mmm
that point plus there are loads for the
prizes out there that are catered for
commercial value popularity etc and the
people who are popular and democracy
already loves already have the whole
Sunday Times bestseller raining cash
kind of reward thing right because never
a really but look so Britain goes nuts
every year trying to guess what's on the
list
yeah because literally nobody knows in
advance a lot of these books huh
been heard of or talked about in the
literary world before all right carry on
Thanks well then I come to mention it I
have achievement thinking about quite a
lot I've got people things to say so
when the Man Booker people approached me
and were like hey Lina would you like to
be an official man book of lager and I
was like sir what is one of them and
they were like we've never had one
before but we think you should be one we
want you to talk about the books and the
Man Booker list it's not sponsored we're
not gonna pay you we don't want to pay
for reviews you can say whatever you
want about the books we just want you to
tell people that might not have heard
about the Man Booker Prize books about
the month of Perez books and we'll send
you the books and I was like that seems
that it got me thinking about a really
annoying debate I always have myself
about what good books are if I even have
the right to come on this channel and
tell you what I think a good book is
because your experience of a book is
grounded in you to a certain extent you
create the characters you create what
the scenery looks like you create the
way a character says something you just
like the pace of the book you decide
what musics playing in your head while
you're listening to it whether you like
the setting is what you've experienced
and enjoyed before you might also just
like the fact that all your friends
reading it at the same time and you
connect it with connecting with them it
might be on holiday somewhere really
cool and associate it with being on a
holiday but we're not here today to talk
about books you love or books I love
we're here to talk about what a great
book is Theory D suggests s-- recommends
does not dictate that a piece of written
word has to be considered of superior or
lasting artistic merit a lot of the
articles I've been reading suggest that
for a work to be a piece of good
literature it has to speak to the people
outside of its context time space
history culture she liked my lohan
rumors there are thoughts carbolic one
of the big quests of why is to make you
feel less alone a lot of recommendations
I get about that is that this book
represented me I was in this book and
that's really cool but that is not the
exclusive way to be a good book I also
think the book is something that is not
anything about who you are I think that
good books can also explain something
that has nothing to do with you that you
don't recognize and can still explain it
to you and change the way you live
through your life in a different way
there's a great article by a lecturer in
America who wrote on this very topic a
few years ago
and he discusses one of Auden's poems
that he writes about Yeats dying he says
in the poem that in some ways Yeats
death left Island pretty much the same
for poetry makes nothing happen but this
lecturer in this amazing article that I
will link below says the audience point
there isn't that poetry doesn't make
anything happen
nothing implies an absence and absence
of being able to imagine something
poetry makes nothing happen because
before something happens you don't know
what it is it expands your imagination
of what is possible or does nothing
maybe something more than a mere absence
it may be a possibility that was not
imaginable prior to the act of reading
my mate Grayson Perry has something to
say about this too he writes about art
but all let him off he talks about two
crazy Russian artists who decide to take
the idea of popularity literally and
take surveys in those different
countries to find out what people wanted
in art when they got the results they
painted the pictures that people wanted
the results were quite shocking in
nearly every country all people really
wanted was a landscape with a few
figures around animals in the foreground
mainly blue
it was quite depressing after the
experience they said in looking for
freedom we found slavery in playing to
the gallery which by the way I really
loved Grace and Paris is the easy way
for him to decide for whether something
is art or not is to just look and see if
people are standing around it staring at
it and that's something it's always in
the box
loads things that people are currently
looking out and staring at and I want to
stare it with them too so I can talk to
them about it and find out what's cool
well not cool because the man but the
price isn't cool
is it cool it's kind of cool I'm just
going to show you this on the Man Booker
Prize long list this yeah it's the
Illuminations did you ever have a family
the greenroom
the EV The Runaways Staten Island satin
Island sounds like home sat in an
airport in Dublin the chimes a brief
history of seven killings which gene has
already warned me more than 7 people
died the fisherman a spool of blue
thread Lila which is in a trilogy
annoying
a little life which is frankly sarcastic
it's huge the Moors account
there's laugh line which they wrapped up
especially for me because they thought I
would like it the most it's called
sleeping on Jupiter and a chai tea they
sent me links to the plot I do believe
they also sent me a really lovely print
of wicked because they know that that is
my favorite book never been long this is
for the Man Booker Prize not bitter
about it and they've also sent me a
mystery book from a past man Booker that
they think Oh like you don't know me you
might know me I think you know me
this was shortlisted in 2007 and it's
called animals people I do not stuff
said in the Middle East and India so
that's really cool Thank You Jean Lauren
Ariel and Jen don't know why your
smallest finger Jen are also involved
I'll link a playlist below with all
their videos and some of us are going to
be making an appearance in Edinburgh
soon so I'm gonna link some information
about then we're doing there soon I want
to in the comments what you think a good
book is if you think is a difference
between a great book and a great piece
of literature and I feel that are we
reading any of these books and I'll keep
you updated on how I get on with reading
them now Shh
making a start
