what we do here does go back back back
reason being have a bought books in a
while have what books now doing halt
good the first batch of books I'm gonna
show you it's probably the most books
I've ever bought in a concentrated
amount of time and that's because I was
surrounded by thirty other booktubers we
went on a big booktube family London
crawl through some book shops Jenna took
us to some amazing ones if you'd like to
find out more about that day and Steve
he made a really great video about on
her channel so I'm gonna link it here
and it's probably the most amount of
books I've bought in a very very long
time and where I haven't heard of any of
the titles before it's completely been
discoverability which is amazing and
I'll try my best remember which book
shops have bought these books from and
link them below because if you haven't
been told yet it's probably time einai
book shops at the future book shops of
the past book shops to the present
they're a yellow pages the whole
industry the yellow pages to what you
need from books and we need them quite
often people comment on my videos game
oh you've got such like you know
different interesting tastes or like oh
we've never heard of the books that you
recommend before and I'm like yeah
because they're literally is walking to
these great book shops and they're there
and it's not this thing where I'm really
foraging around for strange crap to show
you that's down to the book shop so I
shopping I am sorry to think I've raised
a timid son by Kent Russell we know how
I love memoir I think I've been reading
almost too many as if you can but like
quite a lot of memoirs about what it
means to be feminine and I wanted to
read a memoir about what it meant to be
masculine that wasn't like into the wild
or on the road I read a couple of the
first few pages and I thought was
brilliant I'm a bloody sucker for a good
title and this was a great title and
that's all I really care about I'm sure
I'll be go over it in two let's find out
also a little review of books I bought
this I had it on my Amazon wishlist for
a really long time but we don't buy
things from the Amazon wishlist we just
we just store them there when I saw it
in the flesh again this is why book
shops matter when I saw it in the flesh
I just held it as this object I could
see how long it was and how well written
like different parts of it were and I
got to read the blurb in its fullness
and I just was like now is the time this
should be
written in the present tense but it
isn't thought should be at uni and
Copenhagen but she's not she should
probably put some curtains up in her new
place and maybe stop sleeping with her
neighbours boyfriend perhaps things
don't always work out the way they
should
20-somethings lost in the world very
short very beautiful need it speaking of
short books which by the way if you
haven't noticed already on my crack if I
die not having written a great book
there's only 150 pages I'm gonna be
really disappointed in myself like
sometimes there is no need no need what
could anybody possibly have to say this
is so important to a world that can't be
fitted in 200 150 pages having said that
my favorite book is wicked and that's
500 pages and I wouldn't have it one
page yes this is a kind of cult classic
by Grand Central Station I sat down and
wept
another amazing frigging title it's very
poetic it's about a woman who falls in
love with him a man he is married and I
just love short form and stuff like this
um and it but it's kind of this I don't
know I'm halfway through this one and
I'm not sure so we'll see the power book
by Jeanette Winterson and I have really
got a lot to say about this coming whose
Jen Campbell just bullied me into buying
this I don't I didn't have a choice but
it feels nice and then finally on that
day we went to a amazing place called
Persephone books if you don't know about
70 books they republish old titles they
give them all the same cover and spine
and then they tailor the end papers to
fit the book which i think is really
cool because it really has it stopped me
from picking the most obvious book they
also give you a matching bookmark and
this one I think had a matching scarf
sometimes they make tote bags it's great
I've surprised myself because this is
probably the longest book in the shops
called London War notes by Molly pound
two downs and it's about Monday the June
the 17th 1940 in London from loads and
loads of different people's perspectives
the day that the war was announced I
really liked atmosphere history because
I don't think sometimes I find it really
hard to grasp fact without relative
emotions and empathy so I find it a lot
easier to absorb facts about history
through narratives and so things have
been really really good I'm not great
with big books but this one just feels
so friendly in my hand and the writing
seems so great that I'm sure I'm sure
I'll battle through it never destined to
be a fantasy reader me now I talk about
Jin a lot and I don't really realize how
much I talk about Jin until other people
don't talk about Jin or when I meet up
with
but I haven't seen in a while and they
give me books like this black out
remembering the things I drank to forget
to memorable qahal ISM and my friend
just slid it over the table to me and
was like I think you should read this
you read it it's just like no I think
you should know I do you have an
interest in like the nature of
addictions and also memoir drinking felt
like freedom part of her birthright is a
strong entitled 20th century career
woman right on I think I'm gonna like
her at the beginning more than I'm gonna
like her at the end finally Vinton sent
me some books because a number of
festivals on and they want to celebrate
Scottish literature so I'm gonna show
some of those because I was like yeah
because actually embarrassingly I was
like who have I read that is Scottish so
I got more in color and I read the first
pages of this and it scared me too much
to carry on so maybe the trick is to
keep breathing the blurb of this is
quite startling and I think it sounds
brilliant and short this is a little bit
more intimidating but it has an amazing
cover this is paradise by Al Kennedy
swing have a swing which tell the story
of a Scottish slum in Glasgow in the 60s
yeah it's kind of like a week and what
it would be like then finally the dumb
house which Jen again has been shouting
at me to read if you've never been
shouted at by Jen Campbell in the
context of the fact that you should read
a book you should experience it makes
you read books I do the same to her to
be fair I'm not gonna read the blurb of
this because I trust Jen and I know that
jeans reading it as well and loving it I
think it'd be really exciting to not
read the blurb so I'm not gonna you guys
run any of these books which one should
I start with what are you reading any
other questions that you'd like to
answer that I haven't asked these are in
the comments below if it was your first
time here well come sit down pull up a
chair
half a gin more friends here please
subscribe mmm frogs nog out
