hi guys welcome back to just kiss my
frog has some very very exciting
developments in the works that I'm going
to reveal to you right now so excite
Arielle Bisset you'll know her because
she was on this channel not not a few
days ago she is running the
booktubeathon again for those who
haven't heard of the booktubeathon it's
a community-wide event for the whole of
booktube run by Ariel and hosted by lots
of people and it's basically the idea is
to just read as many books as freaking
possible between the 3rd and the 9th of
August there's lots of challenges within
that for the overachievers among you so
you can go over to the booktubeathon
channel and watch some of the videos
about it there will also have hosts
every day I'm one of the hosts I will be
hosting on Saturday the 8th of August
I'm gonna be sitting on Twitter and
social media talking to you all I'm
gonna be uploading a video in the
morning setting you guys a challenger
you win a book I'm just gonna be
generally around which is unusual I know
I'd love you all to go over and
subscribe to the booktubeathon channel
so you can see what's happening with
asthma hosts it's a great way to
discover new book tubers it's a great
way to connect with each other and just
get some of that TBR pile done it's
really stressful just watching stares at
me it looks at me when I wake from the
morning I'm gonna pull the duvet of my
eyes and it's just like books like
another exciting thing about this year's
book Cupid on is that the Book
Depository have been kind enough to let
us pick some books having a special
booktubeathon page and all of those
books are discounted so I got to choose
15 books and they just thought I just
checked you through waffle you through a
few summaries of why I picked the books
I chose but if you guys been watching
just as my fragra boil you'll recognize
quite a lot of these titles they just
blood your good titles I picked them
because they're ones that you might let
me talk about before but need reminding
to read there might be ones that are
kind of easy to read fast to read or
just like ones that it's hard to get
round to because there isn't an urgency
or a reason but they're really freaking
good books
so without further ado first and
particularly one of my first
contributions to the list was how to
build a girl by Caitlin Moran you can
see me raving about that book here you
can also see me interviewing cat name
around herself about the book here and I
just oh a lot of my own awakenings to
this book I owe a lot of like therapy
that I could have had to pay for but no
I just had to pay a
99 and I got the book of my dreams the
book I picked girlboss which is by the
girl who started nasty cow how she
started it her advice I'm gonna review
that on my channel very soon but
needless to say it's on this list
because I recommend it gypsy girl which
I reviewed in one of my last videos you
can watch that here
Lorelei by Laura doctor I have an
interview of Laura doc who were coming
up soon she's one of my favorite poets
of all time and now she's written her
first way book I'm reading at the moment
I'm loving it and it's something that
I'm definitely gonna finish during the
booktubeathon join me the art of asking
by Amanda Palmer which is definitely one
of the best books I've read this year I
haven't brought myself to review it yet
because it just broke my heart and
changed my life and how do you make a
video about how do you make a video
about that so I will eventually make
probably quite a long video on how much
I loved that book but I really think
it's a really important book about
community and yourself and where you're
going and what the hell you might want
to do how you might go about getting
help get there and just like the core of
what awesome people are I just think
that book isn't really a book it's like
a it's hard to even call that book a
book because I just think it's this
brilliant idea that's going I'm floating
in the world lots of people need to
clock on to 40 days of dating which I'm
also halfway through which is the book
version of a blog that was started I'll
link the blog below for you but it's
basically a dating experiment where two
friends have been friends for ages and
can't find love and a very different
date for 40 days and document the
results and they translate each of the
challenges within it it's kind of like a
booktubeathon but for love is the love
to birth on really enjoying it so far
and I thought you might too I also have
weak love by Katherine Dunn and wicked
by Gregory Maguire have you stopped me
at any point in my life and asking what
my favorite books are I'm gonna say one
of these two depending on my mood but
they're both changed my life for various
reasons I've talked about them both
before and I owe everything to those two
books it's not me it's you this is a
really fun read for those of you who
just want something fun but also
something kind of healing and about
relationships I'm gonna review this very
soon in my channel but I thought it
really subverted its genre it's not just
women's fiction it's not just like like
rom-com it's something
just a little bit special a little bit
different and I loved it Oryx and Crake
by Margaret Atwood if you haven't read
any Margaret Atwood before now is the
time to start and that is the book that
you should start with all this has
nothing to do with me is a lot like the
auction books that I reviewed in one of
my last videos and it's but it's
different is it's it's the only thing
and it's brilliant and I'm gonna put a
video up about it very soon as one of
the making at the moment a forensic
catalog of obsessive love about this
girl of the set of this boy in her
office and lots of paraphernalia around
it and it's heartbreaking and brilliant
and kind of touches on mental illness as
well and I just think you would all
bloody love it and it's really short as
well so thank you later Harry's last
stand by Harry Leslie Smith again a
short but devastatingly beautiful read I
interviewed Harry on my channel last
year he's 92 the tagline for this book
is I'm not a historian by I am history
how the world we built is falling down
and what we can do to save it it's a
beautiful soaring polemic to the future
and it's a lesson in the past from the
heart not from a history book and I love
it the time in between again interviewed
Nancy on my channel I think she's
brilliant she's only 21 and she's
written one of the best mental health
autobiographies I've ever read and I
think you'd really love it really it's
if you will
food for thought about how we treat
mental illness next song reasons to stay
alive by Matt Hague is again
a fast and brilliant read and it's
construction to have a lot of lists
which makes it faster to read and better
to absorb easier to look back on and I
was really surprised by this title but
this title actually did really and you
know somebody who read a lot of my
mental health has a lot of friends that
struggle with mental health and this
book still managed to make me feel like
I didn't know anything about mental
health before I read it and which I did
but now I know so much more and I I have
I think it's really an expanded my
capacity for empathy about people who do
struggle with mental illness and I just
thought it was brilliant every she read
it and then lastly I love a dictionary
which something I reviewed on my channel
years ago basically it's the story of
one relationship
muddled and mixed-up and so you have
kind of be a detective about what's
happened because the whole novel is
constructed from a to Zed each letter
has a word attached to it each word has
a memory some letters have three or four
pages of a story some letters have a
sentence and it's you can fly through it
it feels like you're dipping your head
in a cold bucket of rich rose water
there so those are the books that I
chose for our discount page and I'll
leave the link below where you can have
a look at it I really hope you join in
the booktubeathon this year I'm so
excited so excited about it and I'll
leave all the information below but make
sure that you at least log on on the
Saturday the 8th because that's my day
it's gonna be the best one it's also
right at the end of the read-a-thon so
I'm gonna have to definitely drink some
Lucas need pep talk you all through it
thanks for watching and I'll see you in
my next one fog smog out
