hey guys welcome to another episode of
Lina judges the literary merit and
social value of things she knows nothing
about first on the list is chopsticks a
novel now I picked this up a really long
time ago when I was a bookseller and for
a book with no words is taking me a
really long time to pick up and read
it's why romance constructed entirely of
photographs and scans in of letters and
various different kind of text message
conversations and I was really
interested in how this would work if all
those glory who is a young piano prodigy
and she kind of runs away from her own
fame but still tries to keep in contact
with this boy who she's infatuated with
it follows their struggle to keep in
contact and their slow descent into love
or their ascent into love depending on
health skeptical your feeling on the day
from a form point of view it's really
experimental and I think it does kind of
tread that line between an a weird
photography project and a novel for that
reason I'm not really sure whether it's
successful or not it's beautifully
produced and nobody can argue that but I
actually found it quite confusing to
read because I don't think that the
narrative the narrative was such a
trying pieces together for yourself
imagine half of the story yourself kind
of situation that I got quite lost and
and not that attached to it at the end I
actually felt quite disconnected from
this to be honest I know exactly what
they were trying to do and I think they
were successful in what they were trying
to do I love that forensic side to
telling a story where you do have to
it's all object based and you do have to
piece it together but I just thought
this was slightly too fragmented and not
too experimental because I'm actually I
actually feel I feel like I'm really
open minded with these things but this
one I thought was part of the genre that
I haven't been able to get ahold of the
rest of yeah if you know I mean like
this is an introduction to a genre or
story having that I'm really interested
in but I don't think that this was
actually the one for me I'm open to the
idea of reading similar stuff like it so
if you guys have any suggestions please
let me know below it is beautiful we
will say that on a related but slightly
I'm gonna move this viewfinder I'm too
narcissistic narcissistic not is like
nasty narcissistic narcissistic on a
related and slightly more successful
note this is one of the best books I
read all year if not ever this is
actually a book
one of the commenters in my video on
breakup books suggested to me that I
immediately looked up and was like yes
that is the book and ordered it straight
away this is the important artifacts and
personal property from the collection of
Leonard or doolan and harold morris
including books street fashion and
jewelry and it's ugly
ugly as but it's supposed to be
it's supposed to be a copy of an
antiques auction catalog apart from in
the catalogue is everything about their
relationship it's literally just reading
an auction catalogue at the beginning
you start thinking why am i reading this
it's so dry because a lot of the
listings are purposely very emotion
drained but as you start to go on you
realize how incredibly clever is and how
much they start teaching you stuff about
the two characters that are falling in
love without actually telling you
anything about them and there was
something about this that was so
understated but so intelligent and I've
never felt so emotionally invested in
two characters without really hearing
about anything they've done or seeing
their faces or hearing their voices
there's collections of books that
they've given each other t-shirts weird
memorabilia collections of quarks from
different bottles of wine they've drank
with soft toys and crockery cameras that
they've auctioned off it's also the
obsessive quality like look at the
length of this entry and look at the
kind of detail in these two travel bags
that they're comparing from the two
people that are kind of traveling to
different places without each other and
it's just I think it went a bit further
from the obvious like chronological this
is what happened so here are some scans
from it emails this is a ticket from
when they went to go and see each other
it's more of a kind of look at the
objects that is listed around with them
while they were trying to work this out
and I think that's what made it so
heartbreaking like I actually genuinely
of these people exist like I'm not
entirely convinced this author is a real
is for real and it's not even
chronological but you really you managed
to grasp it straight away and I just
thought this is one of the most I've
never been so devastated I didn't think
about it like that was done actually I
read it a few months ago and I forgot to
review because I genuinely forgot it
happened whereas this has stayed with me
and this continues to stay with me and
the last page is literally like one
picture and maybe three or four words
and I stared at that page for minutes
and I was so I was so hot I'm silica I
joke I'm gonna stop talking about it I'm
so heartbroken
it's something else it's something else
I'm gonna keep going on the theme of art
and visual books and talk about this
graphic novel blue is the warmest color
which you've probably heard of I think a
lot of the fame around this book is that
it's a book that features two people who
happen to be homosexual and I think
that's cool because it means that it's
been brought to light and it's been
brought into the public eye a lot but I
also think it's kind of it kind of sucks
because actually I don't think this is
this is anything to do with their
sexuality this is a beautiful love story
and while there are books that do trace
love stories and also make statements
about LGBTQ communities I don't think
this is one of them I just think it's a
beautiful book and while I you know
sometimes you go into it to read around
a genre or read diversity and you
actually come out just being affected in
a different way because you're like oh
my god that was just a love story it
shouldn't be a statement and it
shouldn't be there to educate people it
shouldn't have that position in society
where it part of its benefit for people
is that is teaching people and showing
people that love is just love but
apparently that's where we are in
society and it is exciting that this
kind of graphic novel has got that kind
of platform because it hasn't done much
in in the past and that's why I think
it's cool this is another one that
didn't really stay with me afterwards to
be honest but the art did like the
visuals stayed the story was
heartbreaking and traumatic at the time
and I did cry near the end because it
was so like well I would say actually is
this is this is the most vivid and like
passionate sex scene I've ever read in a
graphic novel that I actually felt it
rather than saw it in the pornographic
element of it I actually felt the
emotion behind the sex scene in a way
that was much more tangible and powerful
and real than some of the more
gratuitous ways I've seen sex scenes in
love stories relate it visually it very
much feels like fun home form Alison
Bechdel but at the same time and
narrative Lee is just just something
completely different and again I think
it's annoying to me that you know in the
book shop and then also by extension in
people's minds there is like novels
women's fiction nonfiction graphic
novels because it devastates me that
this can sit on the shelf with other
graphic novels and and feel like it's
part of the same conversation when it's
not it's something in itself and is
something very different and I and this
is something I really really want to see
the film of now because I think this
felt like a storyboard for a film rather
than an entity in itself sometimes and
there's not really criticism but it does
make me grateful Louisville I guess I'm
just gonna call this video book reviews
and then you guys can get the shock so
apparently they will have pictures but
like I said it shouldn't be a genre
shouldn't be a taste shouldn't be a
thing to say I'm an adult that likes
books with pictures like if you like and
Mariana right now to say that you're an
adult that likes graphic novels in
general is a really weird statement
because they're all really different and
it doesn't really tell me anything about
what you like and to say that you're an
adult that doesn't like graphic novels
just makes me hear that I'm as somebody
who likes to read but doesn't like to
look at art and that's weird
if you like going to art galleries and
like to read literature I don't really
understand why you weren't like graphic
novels and if you say you like graphic
novels exclusively that also makes me
feel weird because I'm like be you like
words and pictures I think there's more
of a room for a gradient between like
literary novels that only have an
illustration on the front and then text
the whole way through or then like no
like graphic novels that feel like they
have to have pictures the whole way
through to be valid and I think there's
somewhere between and if you have more
suggestions of like books there in
between that please pull me because as
you've seen I do actually buy stuff from
this comment section for the stuff you
suggest so I'm you guys are definitely
part of my reading process much more
than any other kind of Sunday Times
review or like best sellers list in the
book seller like I get my
recommendations from you guys
predominantly to be honest that's all
for now folks log out
