so I am abnormally hungover and slightly
less abnormally late for work so I'm
gonna do this as I go I was just
thinking about vulnerability and telling
people things sometimes I think that I
actually tell people too much
glasses on yet
oh no world it's too sharp sometimes I
worry that I am some kind of immoral
friend whore because the words I haven't
told anybody this or you're one of the
few people that I've told this and
sentence is something that sometimes I
can't honestly say to a lot of people
because I just tell people a lot of
stuff and I think oh god like does that
make it less meaningful or like I'm
worried if I've told a friend something
that it's quite personal to me and was a
big issue and I want to talk out with
them and they find out that like I've
talked to a fever about it I feel like
oh my god I've made the X is somehow
divided they exchange I've made it less
special and I'm just kind of thinking of
that and kind of being like is that
 though because it's not it's
our it's our right to be able to tell
stories exactly how you want to do and
when we want to you to whom recently
I've realized that I found refuge in
just telling people things things I feel
remember about something that taught me
a lot was sharing my PCOS video about my
struggles of PCOS and particularly
facial hair just having it out there in
the world and I didn't die and the world
didn't explode and was very real for me
and really and taught me a lot about
sharing and and I've really realized as
well that I as I think a lot of people
do have this tendency to think that they
are the main character in life not just
that life but everybody's life like
isn't whether you just you know you get
on a train and you think these are all
just like extras extras in my day
recently I got turned down by a guy I
liked I was like hey I think you're
really cool I like you you say hey I
don't like you at all
sounds like okay and I started just like
randomly telling people that and not to
like talk to them about it because like
fair enough there are loads of things
I'm like I just every all talk about
that but it wasn't so I could talk about
it just kind of wanted to just get it
out there and because every time I tell
somebody and they have a reaction that's
kind of like oh it's really and
then they got on with their life I
realized how little of the deal is
and how how little is small like it
gives me an aerial view on my life it
makes me realize how wonderfully
insignificant that event was and my PCOS
is and there's something very liberating
about being so small and so irrelevant
maybe that is why Zane left one
direction because being the center of
the people's lives is a ridiculous thing
to have happen to you I feel like if I
was as famous as Zane from one direction
that would be really I feel disembodied
I feel like like why am i a main
character in somebody else's life that's
ridiculous so yeah I guess tell people
stories tell people stories about your
life not because they have to understand
sometimes I'm scared to tell people
because I feel like they wouldn't
understand the story but actually in
some ways that doesn't matter to the
story the story still exists so yeah I
guess tell people your stories go out
and tell people your stories if you
think a bad reaction to your story will
genuinely break you don't but like if
you're not sure about it try out try it
with one person see if it does break you
if not tell another person because when
people tell tell me ridiculous things
about their lives it helps me in lots of
ways and what's in the story isn't
always important it's the telling of the
story that changes things changes the
things okay I'm gonna go I feel like
Mike Falzone at the moment and you know
if Mike Falzone is still gonna stop
making sketchy follow me around blurry
videos of thoughts then well he'll
somebody's got to frog snug out
