I'm jogging near Oxana palace yes the
location of summer the city but more
importantly I feel the location of the
first UK TV broadcasts ever that's
beautiful you can see some London over
here ah right so I've been dating for
about a year now 24 I never date before
last year longer story just I've never
done it before and I thought I was just
living hard to get used to it I thought
I was like you know this is how people
date these are the things these are the
things adults do we'll do it
I just think it's really weird heart
quite settle or it becoming normal for
me not because I'm like a serial log
list or just somebody who just likes to
sleep with people like just want to be
somewhere in the middle but like at the
same time which think it's a really
weird concept or at least the way we did
it
like okay so I think of a relationship
as somebody who's your best friend I
think you want to have sex like that is
that's the whole that's the whole thing
Olivia you faked I believe love is real
but only because you choose it to be
real and because you believe in the
concept called love if you don't believe
in love and you can't love so what's
kind of weird mysterious outside force
that strikes you in some kind of like
weird kind of genie I could have way so
on some levels you have to kind of see
dating like friendship oh wait nobody
does let's make some comparisons if you
have a best friend nobody turns around
in ten years and says she ever wonder if
you found the right best friend do you
ever wonder if there was a best friend
just waiting there out there for you and
you didn't like go get them mostly
friends happen because you're hanging
around the same gorge to do the same
things with the same currents people
know in the dating world of it you have
to go these ridiculous online websites
and hang around and the only thing
you're both hanging around for is to
meet somebody and it becomes this weird
audition process like since when did you
audition your friends oh god I'm in smut
I mean a lot of our god I mean so much
bad guy
it's that's what happens if you think
deeply you get where pleasure between
your toes brilliant when your friends
are somebody so we support their a big
deal break it's like oh you're a racist
or not but there aren't leaks more to
your breakers like you know like I want
somebody who likes to go to bed like the
kind of questions that I ask on dating
sites like I like somebody who likes to
sleep in a quarry not a woman
are you a morning person or an evening
person and these strange new categories
that we put people into and take yes or
no to and then just dismiss before you
even start to talk there and it's weird
because the only people I think I've
truly really fancied are people that I
have been friends with first and that
it's weird in some ways I feel clingy
for that I feel it's dangerous I feel
like why do I keep falling in love with
my friends but at the same time I'm kind
of like oh this makes perfect sense
because they're people that I've
selected on the basis of how we really
interact not because of a certain
criteria I have for them and we say
friends because I don't ask questions
like I wonder if I can ever meet a best
friend are they really living up to
everything I thought in a best friend oh
I'm not saying you shouldn't break up
with somebody you don't want to be with
but at the same time you should be
friends as I think you know we friends
if it's a so good thing and also another
thing with friendship you never go hello
this is gonna last like looking for a
long-term friendship or a short-term for
a search like I just really need to know
where this friendships going like if
you've got a mate just got it in two
years that I don't think we should get
to the cinema on Saturday like you don't
do that to friends you don't ask some
people just end up being friends for
like 20 years and sometimes your friends
somebody for a year and it was a really
good time and everything move away or
you get goodbye cool I don't start
thinking like how and what happened if
I'd stay friends that person because
naturally you would yeah that's how I
lean in arms coming up to my anniversary
year of dating for the first time have
discovered that in fact I knew how to do
it all along I've been making friends
with people for quite a while
overqualified almost also realize that
most of the world seems to be doing it
wrong
so in conclusion my biggest worry now
it's the fact that I was planning on
buying a pie on the way back from this
job I don't think the shops can let me
end with these muddy trainers so how
could I deal with that you get it with
life
