hi guys and this is Jen cowboy you're
not in this Joan Campbell and you may
have heard of urban issues the author of
this book and this book oh oh and this
book Jen has made her name and writing
about being a bookseller you're still a
bookseller at the moment I am civics and
I just come from a bookshop fresh I
smell the books on you as some of you
guys might know I did used to be a
bookseller I still have a great
affection for that at that part of my
life it was it was pretty nice to work
at waterstones I be working
independently I do what's the weirdest
thing anyone's said to you the weirdest
thing or the most awkward situation I've
been in um was a lady who came up to the
counter and she had two small children
with her and she slid this book towards
me and it was facedown so I was comes
like some porn so it picked up and like
without thinking outside chatting her I
didn't really look at what the book was
called I'm just going to write poop and
then put it back down on the counter and
one of the kids was like mommy what's
that book called and I realized that it
was the book was called today relief and
it was a book about whether you should
save your husband or not and she was
kind of like oh it's about nothing
it's about nothing isn't it I was kind
of like ah like put it in the bag there
you go oh god and you have to see them
go off into the ether into their lives
and you never know the end I wouldn't
girls their hamster in the big shot the
other day amazing this guy came in he
takes I'm sorry
you see my little girl hamster his
name's Henry
I thought today I would set Jen and
myself a challenge for book seller
questions frequently asked book seller
questions problems that people come to
us way of being like any other or
this day what can you recommend and
you're just kind of like and you
think through your whole encyclopedia of
like everything it's kind of like that
freezing moment is yeah of like when
you're in a job interview this like
what's your idea but you're like
but afterwards book said I think you do
get some kind of encyclopedia in your
head kind of like oh it's that kind of
question I have these kind of books in
my head yeah and so I've come up with
four and let's see if we can solve the
problems the first question is um what I
got a lot I don't you get it people
comment to me parents and they go oh my
kids read all the Harry Potter books and
now he's finished them I've got no idea
what to give him yeah all the time
one two three drop
the night by Philip Pullman because you
know because photo wears and so it can't
read our reason I have a book of lost
things because it is beautiful so it's
alright awesome and much for realism as
well is it yeah it's kind of hairy if
you like Harry Potter but you still want
to be in the real world but have that
going to find article element yeah and
if you don't like fairy tales have happy
endings then then I have to spell by
Chris McNish and Wow album and it has
like bears
Hogwarts that are as well evil witch in
it ever who has spiders living in her
mouth and it's just really twisted and
awesome and then I want to have is a
beast of a third dream merchant which
was in Dutch and it's been translated
into English and it is Josh coat is a
bit of a dreamer who sometimes steals
things
otherwise he's an average boy so why is
an international corporation calling him
in the middle of the night insisting
that he come and work for them why would
they be so convinced that Josh is the
key to conquering a new market the past
so he has to go in small streams steal
stuff and conquer time sounds a bit like
Anthony Horowitz Stormbreaker yeah by
but we also if they've been fighting all
the Harry Potter's that's a good size to
kind of shut them oh you're a while but
put that in there God the two for my R
and The Invention of Hugo cabaret so
it's very very thick but it's actually
very easy to read actually I think this
is more first kids have read the first
three Harry Potter ones but might not be
old enough to read the other ones yeah
and their parents are cousins a lot of
people I found like I think you're ready
for number four
there's dementia becoming you're not
ready to lose Cedric doo Roo yet if
anyone ever ever know it's got lots of
gonna clockwork and if there's lots of
magical reserve lots of kind of
traveling through different buildings
and curves listed stuff it's beautiful
and the second one is miss peregrine's
home for peculiar children which I don't
have cuz I lent it to somebody and
haven't give it back I'm totally over it
so this is the second which I haven't
actually started yet but miss
Peregrine's Home for peculiar children
is beautiful it's very like boarding
school very dark pays wise it's very
history and same with a Harry Potter all
the words very simple you know the
concepts are quite complicated and it's
still that the pace is very beautiful
and very literary but um it's quite
two readers just like that it's just
like that but oh it's beautiful
so here's a scenario somebody comes up
to you and they're kind of like I
already get feminism but beyond they're
talking a lot about it and I really have
a lot of time to read but like what the
 is that one two three jaw and so my
first cheap thought not cheap book is
obviously how to be all like Adam around
which is yeah blades but I talk about
that all the time and like that is
probably something they were put in
their hand says but if they weren't up
for that and they didn't have much time
but they did seem like they read
classics although kind of like
interested in stuff but in a very short
forms these are the penguin great ideas
series which I'm a massive fan of I'm
trying to collect and this is a short
essay by Mary Wollstonecraft and it's
written in the 1700s she's supposed to
be like the godmother of feminism
whatever and she's kind of the first
person in theory the first person to
write about feminism but because it's
before feminism and all the baggage and
all of the other stuff around it all the
man-hating
and all the other stuff that people
might have an aversion to yeah it's kind
of like let's just think about how men
and women can be equal and actually a
lot of this still haven't been achieved
so I think it's a big wave this is how
it started and these were the problems
is actually in issues the end hey I'm
sorry
why I cheated cuz I'm really emphasizing
so I've got to again the first one is 50
shades of feminism so for people who
don't have much time this is 50 short
stories essays poems about from famous
authors about what feminism means that
we've got people liked in it once then
Mark outward lots of awesome people
starter feminine yeah so examine is you
know put it down pick it back up and
everyone has a different idea of what
feminism is so it's just at the core
what these people think it should be
about and then as long as it gives up
quite overview it leaves all the
different ways you can be a feminist
yeah not like one person being like
there's no seven of them to it and if no
one is feminism in action really so
sephadex about girls we wrap it around
and during revolution and it's about how
she feels oppressed by the new regime
how it's telling her what where what
music she listened to which can be when
she grows up and she's like you I
will do wherever I want
and it all very beautiful graphic
and if I realize right here over here
I'm good why does it make people between
happy bacteria truth whores logs it's
not kind of like white middle-class
feminism affects a lot was in the book
shop at the moment that be very much
like hey this is universal exactly this
is the world this is what's happening
one of the things this is the world
here's the world it seventy seven
ninety-nine
so the next conundrum is hey it's
November
my dad doesn't mean anything but I want
to buy him a book I'm shifting it what
shall i buy my dad for Christmas as a
book as somebody who may not have any
explicit hobbies and doesn't read too
much but I would like to buy him a book
because it's a nice procedure late dad's
difficult by for I don't know there's
tender generalizations hey quickly
that's okay draw this is the humans by
Matt Hague it's quite difficult to
describe it without giving the twist
that's in it but it's expected on what
humans are like from someone who's a bit
different and it's observing all the
weird that we do that we just think
is normal and actually when you look at
it from an outsider's point of view
readers have strange humans are so it's
really touching it's very funny I
actually gave this to my dad oh this is
decent signal clever actually has a new
jacket iron if the old jacket these are
a collection of questions that an Oxford
and Cambridge graduates asked in these
infamous interviews that nobody really
understands how people get to Oxford or
how they don't and it's the way that
Oxbridge have thought and they can
define what intelligence is and the
difference you know somebody who can
tick boxes and you know pass exams and
people who genuinely might further our
society I think he does very much pick
apart what our society's idea of clever
is so it's quite met it in that way but
it's loads of really kind of mind
twisting questions that he doesn't
always come up with the answers to
because like we can think about this is
lots of different ways and so one of the
questions obvious do you think you're
clever which is
I mean itself are you cool should these
people have free NHS treatment can
history stop the next war so I think it
it applies to a lot of dads who are kind
of they might not have a specific
interest but they're kind of very
interested in talking about ideas about
things
and it's things that they can talk to
people about and just be like me though
obviously London is a very famous place
to live and also we also think it's
awesome alayan me and know he needs to
be removed of that fact but I do find
that some people were coming in being a
long weekend under and like all we had
was guidebooks a lot of the time and
it's kind of like Sarah bit doll like DK
is great but it's not it's not the world
and also I think in England because with
quite small country people get to visit
London quite a lot if they want to and
it's kind of it's a bit more you like
I'll just go snake holes yeah and so
yeah tip books that encourage different
ways for us to think about them and kind
of like weird stuff yeah alternative
things to just a guide book one two
three
really sure I got that one yeah this is
quite London it's a hundred forty and
quiet places that you can find in London
a lot of the times that my friends say
oh I'd never live in London or hey
visiting London is because they always
go to the Don Oxford Street nobody goes
on don't know what is that today what
are you doing so farmed the olives of
like really quite parts really quite
pubs book shops lots of little kind of
corners and mini villages within London
there are actually very tranquil and
feel like the Cotswolds Botanic Gardens
different galleries you didn't know
about different quirky bookshop yeah
well this is Luna butcher if that makes
you too calm and tranquil and thinking
that London is safe then you can be
there's all of them which has lots of
cool facts about London history and lots
of weird gross stuff like people who
killed each other baby killers like
Amelia Dyer
she killed over 300 babies indeterminate
everyone even find out what you want to
know that so weird places politicians so
far your history's fragile
yeah exactly it's really cool it
snippets people read great one nice
bedside tables yeah he wants them back
this is Carolyn bird
and this is where 90 babies die yeah
very much recommend three good did I
think we're doing a good job as
booksellers I think I lucked out
Oh No Oh for me inside of my coat but
would you like a book and wraps up now
this has been Joan Campbell I'm slightly
an awful presenter just feel like and
this was probably news night tune in
next week at a convoy are we going to be
on a 7 again guys thanks Jen for coming
on the channel as your as your your band
booktube virginity has been popped I'm
very glad though okay to take that from
here it's a spy you can have it now it's
fine but yes thank you for coming on as
you said go to book shop find a bookshop
book because it's beautiful for one
thing it's alright shops to go to
exactly yeah thank you for watching and
tune in next time for more books and
things I guess I can make their like
with just as my box out to that like
