and what I wanted to put to you is allow
is that this is more urgent than I can
ever stress and while we can talk about
policies and quotas I think we're
looking at that end process and looking
at ways we can structure a rule system
that makes sure it's fair however I
think what's lacking and even if you
guys do get into power you're never
gonna be a hundred percent of Parliament
and I think what is really lacking is
debates in Parliament about why there
isn't 50/50 Parliament with women and
men why we don't have these ethnic
minorities in other parties as well and
you need to hold them accountable and I
think there needs to be wider discussion
about what we're gonna change culturally
for that attitude to change because
we're looking at the end result whether
people applying to be in Parliament and
I'm not worried as much about that I'm
worried about those people who aren't
applying there's people who don't see
themselves there and I think it's more
of a cultural attitude that needs to
change and actually it's something
that's almost being avoided in these
kind of debates and not necessarily just
with you guys but with all the parties
and if you guys are in power I think you
have responsibilities to bring those
debates like wider and kind of really
say why well I mean I think
women-only shortlists we had to change
the law and we were challenged and the
law was struck down and we had to change
it again and put sunset clause in it to
make it compliant so that we could have
women-only shortlists and that all
political parties could use quotas for
women to ensure that we got 50% of the
population better represented than it
had been and we certainly do say new
gender but other parties haven't used
those mechanisms I mean there's no
question that this has been firmly put
on the political agenda by labour in the
last few years you only have to look at
the Prime Minister's question time when
ed Miliband raised the issue about the
lack of women sitting on the concern
well known that there were absolutely
none but actually as a woman who sits in
the chamber quite often you walk into
there and you sit down on your side and
you turn to face the other side and what
you see is a wall of men mainly white
men middle-aged in grey suits and it's
quite shocking because you turn to the
side and you see a lot of women but you
look in front of you and you don't
I think you know it's right to challenge
us and to say we need to talk about this
but actually the Labour Party is where
the debate is coming from in Parliament
it's firmly on our political agenda and
it's not going away anytime soon
can I bring up the question of the pink
buses because I just need to I know
that's that probably comes from a good
place I love pink know the point yeah no
definitely but is that part of that
thinking do you think that's kind of
like is that synonymous with what you've
been saying about this I'm now a veteran
of quite a lot because I'm old I'm a
veteran of quite a lot of election
campaigns and in the past what tends to
happen in election campaigns is all of
the men in the media take over all of
the men at the top of political parties
take over and women's issues the things
that concern women communicating with
women it's almost impossible to do so
the idea of the woman to woman tour is
to say we want to go we want to go
around 70 marginal seats we want to have
meetings for women organized by women to
talk about the things that women really
care about there's a range of things
it's child care domestic violence the
kind of things that don't come up very
often in in politics generally and what
we're doing is saying we want to hear
from you we want to talk about your
voice in the election campaign we want
to talk about equal pay we want to talk
about the older carers and and the
issues that are often just not talked
about in big general election campaigns
the pink bus is a way of just saying
we're here and we're doing this I'd say
it's I think especially to the younger
generation it's it's a very small
plaster on a very big problem yeah and I
also think that there isn't such thing
as a women's issue you have to start I
actually have to say I don't I don't
agree with that because because I think
one of the biggest problems that we've
got in this country at the moment is
that the politics is a shrinking
activity that when I walk into here what
I feel is that the conversations that
are happening here are happening amongst
an ever-shrinking pool of people who
were talking to each
other about the issues that affect them
and that they care about and when I get
off the train in Wigan on a Wednesday or
Thursday night it feels like stepping
into a completely different world from
the world that I've inhabited in the in
the previous few days so actually a
group of senior politicians from the
Labour Party saying our commitment is to
get out of here on to your territory and
listen to you about the things that
matter to you not try and impose our
issues onto your agenda and then wonder
why you're not interested in politics
I think that's revolutionary and
definitely I think they're women's
issues around the idea of being feminine
but I don't think they're issues that
just women are worrying about and I
don't think to say we want to hear about
your women's issues where women's have
women have issues of that we worry about
your issues as women that's not the same
thing as saying you and you want to hear
about women's issues
I thought example being discriminated
against because you're a woman
I think that's something we all need to
talk about everything just going to a
women I think it's what I used to talk
to everybody of you're a new female
unemployment I mean these these are
issues hatching this repulsion Utley
affected women over varying issues we
know that some men are carers and
they're very good carers but we know
that 90% of family care is done by women
so we have to talk to women
I remember in the 1990s when I was
involved in politics before I got
elected the then Conservative government
made a list of things that they thought
the health service should definitely
provide and they were thinking about
making everybody pay for what wasn't on
that list they never did it in the end
but that's what they were thinking and
they did policy they came up with this
list and it didn't have maternity it
didn't have gynecology it didn't have
anything about that was specifically
about women at all how many women do you
think had been in that room doing that
policy none we have to assert that there
are things that are of more interest to
women than men and often these things
aren't given the priority in political
discourse more largely that they deserve
and the pink bus is a way of going out
and magenta magenta travel the magenta
bus is a way of going
there and just having that contact with
women and giving women equal voice and
that's really important yeah III get I
think men just needs to be a bit more of
a wider imagination about what a women's
issue is and when we treat women as an
issue and a group of people to be
addressed we forget there they're
actually part of the wider group and
we're not just women with people yeah
and I think I don't agree with a
population we are it's the same about
young people is knew that when we set
out on this process to run shoot your
future we didn't set out just to talk to
young people about the EMA and the
Future Jobs Fund and tuition fees
although we do want to hear about that
we also want to understand what young
people's views are on the environment on
foreign policy on the way that the
economy works and the impact that that
has on your lives as well yeah so we
kind of want to know what your policies
are to while address gender imbalance
also talk culturally about how we're
going to change this attitude where
women are women and men are men and I
think it's it's it's a wider issue and I
think maybe a lot of our generation I'm
sorry but are kind of laughing at the
pink bus thinks it's something that
we've you know we have a lot of we have
a lot of gender theory in our education
and we know that this is something
that's quite outdated to treat women's
issues in this way and so you can call
them we don't have a women's module at
universities anymore it's not a thing
and I think for our generation is quite
backwards and I've seen a lot of people
laugh today
because I don't think it's modern I
don't think it's of our time I think
it's of the 80s it's what we should have
done instead I think you're about
talking to people inside like we
wouldn't talk to everybody about those
issues and the quality issue we are
doing as questions where we go out in
buses to where people live and have a
discussion around what was phrase the
kitchen table I don't think that's the
way forward and I don't I think these
issues affect everybody in the problem
with maternity leave is that there's
also problem with paternity leave and
it's everybody's problem yeah and it's
it's not it's not a women's issue and
it's not a women's problem problem to
fix and it's not up to them to come up
with the answers it's for us all to be
embarrassed about the inequality that's
there and just address it we don't need
to go into women's communities and go to
their school gates and ask them because
they know it's unfair we all know it's a
very
there's not a discussion it's just wrong
