hello there are lots of things there are
not okay in this world like a lot it's
overwhelming sometimes sometimes they
don't I get out of bed because i'm like
for so many not okay things I could be
doing right now and I wouldn't even know
it there are overwhelming map things we
see every day they're just not okay
child abduction cuts to the NHS rising
house prices do they know it's Christmas
time trying to irresponsibly break the
internet with your but we need the
internet Kim god damn it fine you break
something else like the patriarchy geez
just she just thinks the Internet's just
another figure that I caught you can
play with no Kim Oh anyway there are
lots of things that I spend a lot of my
day wondering whether they are okay or
not and thinking about it or knowing
that it's not okay and being like ah
there's a thing that I'm I'm just done
wondering about whether it's okay and
that is selfies from the moment we go to
school work we are taught to keep
records records of what we learned that
day records of stuff we've learned about
history reading other people's records
of their feelings and their emotions and
things that have happened reading
reports science reports finding out why
people have discovered something it's
all reports we're all reporting
constantly on our own lives that's what
we've been taught to do the magic of
literacy and the ability to read and
write is the thing that if a human
possesses it they get to record their
own story historically this has been an
issue because a way to control a society
or a group of people is to stop them
from being literate so they can't record
their own things if you ever seen 1984
or read it which I have done both
because I a superior person you'll know
that Winston the main character works in
the Ministry of Truth where he is
categorically going through records and
changing what somebody's record was of
their own life newspapers records
everything is really scary records are
an integral part of our society they're
what they're what build it there what
maintain it and it's not just so other
people in the future can look back on
our society actually keeping records is
part of us existing it's part of keeping
a say that's part of solidifying us in a
moment and it's not just the writing
kind of literacy
that's important it's also as we kind of
progress using technologies like I am
also illiterate because I can touch
tight I'm also literate in our society
because I can use a Sat Nav kind of not
only can i read the names of the tube
stations but I can understand how they
all fit together and I know how to
change and I know what the symbols and
the map me I'm tube literate Chiba
turret chubb literate a scale of my CV
another way of recording yourself isn't
just writing down how you're feeling
writing down what you're doing but it's
also recording how you look historically
this was the power that only the richest
people in society had they had to pay
people to paint portraits of them to get
that down and then as we progress
through history pinhole cameras and
inventive cameras expensive rich people
get portraits taken of the poor people
get forgotten and buried in communal
pits I'm not with anybody who wants to
run to size that kind of period it was
shit it was shit but that's not the case
anymore a simple camera phone is
probably one of the most affordable
luxuries of our time and it means that
we as people can record whatever we do
it's changed the way the proletariat can
interact with each other and also with
authority we're recording when police
police brutality happens in protests
we're recording when things are going
wrong recording disasters we're
recording when people get harassed at
portion clinics something that would
otherwise be completely invisible to
somebody who wasn't actually present at
that moment selfies are a key part of
where we came from when you look at the
gathering momentum behind what has
produced our ability to take a selfie
it's actually really important and a
human right vanity vanity is a thing
that everybody accuses everybody of our
society's expectation for us to not only
look perfect but not know that we look
perfect and not flawed the wheeler
perfect but also spend a lot of time
trying to look perfect is ridiculous
everything is transient if you like the
way you look today that's going to go
away pretty soon you might want to
record that if you feel today like
you've managed to externalise something
internal about you with your makeup or
your hair or your clothes or your face
uh you might want to record that because
sometimes Lexus fails and you can't just
write down or when feeling like this
today or this is how I am and this is
what I've learned about my personality
it's really hard like adjectives are
some time
shit they were shit as colors there is
shit it's all we're all a little bit
illiterate when it comes to our own
personality so if you think you've
expressed yourself with your looks like
record that it's important you want to
look back from that equal if you're not
wearing any makeup or you haven't done
your hair and you're still really happy
with the way your faces that's also
transient it's going to change you want
to record that and you've got you have
the ability and the right to record that
if you want to and if you want to share
it well fuckem cleanin by Sheryl
Sandberg was a key part of me realizing
that I am most enough hell no to some of
you who know me in real life if you
might want to contest that but I would
still say I don't think any of us boast
enough about what we do yes sometimes it
is a gender thing sometimes it's not but
sometimes it is and I think that you're
entitled to take up a space you're
entitled to look a certain way and
you're entitled to record that however
you see fit ain't nothing wrong with a
little selfie in your life and I'm done
making myself feel guilty about it
bitching got time things to do wants to
change things to accomplish cereal to
eat and all before 9am does anybody know
if I'm getting away with these hoops
what what does it mean to get away with
something why is still here why aren't
you on Instagram choosing a filter go
goodbye goodbye frocks not out
