hi-yah hi everybody hi everybody hi
welcome everybody if you watch my
channel for a little while you'll see
that last year I was part of books my
bag campaign it's a really really cool
campaign the Booksellers Association of
the people who organized it those are
the people that organize National Book
tokens lots of the activities that
throughout my life and my library using
life have really benefited me and made
 amazing and now they're doing this
thing and it last year called books in
my bag campaign which is all of that
encouraging people to go into physical
book shops and it you know especially
from independent book shops but just
book shops in general let's go in let's
buy the books let's do things because I
really believe that's the way that you
know books are discovered books are
curated really good books are sold
obviously there are unnamed places that
you can order books from but arguably
that shop window is only as early as
always your tablet or your phone or your
computer screen it's not a breadth of
choice and it's not somewhere you can go
to discover things you might not have
been able to it's not I don't think it's
a it's a shop window that expands what
it means to read and what it means to be
a super small human so I really like
book shops because humans can pick stuff
out say hey I read this it was good
rather than people paying for things to
be higher up lists or you know going
purely on reputation or how many books
that book has sold before and I truly
believe that the books that have really
changed my life aren't the ones that are
algorithms that are suggested to me on
certain book buying websites they're the
ones that I didn't know I wanted they're
the ones that somebody somewhere said
hey this is only sold 500 copies but I
think it's awesome and I've read them
and they've changed my life so hide your
the preservatives over there by book
shops and those my campaign have sent me
a survival kit
Oh launch invitation to the launch party
well I'll take you guys along to that
see like Lilly Cole's there with her
books in my bag but this is insane you
guys have wrapping paper now you're
making a big time it's the Tracy and
Tracy a normal books in my bag bag I'm
seeing them everywhere now actually it's
getting quite viral other guys so what I
think this is that I think this is what
I think it is a special edition books my
bag one is for Tracy anything I think I
guess these are like a favorite authors
on the back just kind of like almost
scrubbed out Jane Austen later well they
did a winter spit that's really cool oh
my god me using that today or a relaxing
read these did you send me fast
oh is it is a little teasing big chili
chai well Wow
as if it was impossible since this flat
just got more middle-class you pervs
Oh serve your bath Bob yes I'm gonna sit
naked in the bath and think about the
future of bookshops oh it's the gen cab
this is that I've just literally been to
the launch of this book guys
Joan Campbell's really cool you might be
hearing more about her later that she
wrote weird things Christmas a book shop
and its really really hilarious
specially do you know it away from what
sounded so hilarious weed and so this is
her new book and ah look it's being a
good point lot of knobs cuz they're
orange and you know also who can't read
with a novel enob near them what
professional Oh
so wanky sucks yes oh I think my feet I
like my best feature
so when people try to dress them up I'm
only just like yeah appreciation oh it's
a t-shirt oh oh we've got the nice work
guys book for my badge badge you guys
are in controllable
oh this is the unknown unknown by mark
force life it's a mini essay that was
the official book clip for the
independence so this week the subtitle
is bookshops and the light of not
getting what you wanted and it's
actually published by my publisher we
did that that was I think we did you can
still get them they're 199 independent
book shops
hello this poster as well when you buy a
book from a bookshop you will get a
possession that you may wear you for the
rest of your life you've enjoyed the
pleasure of browsing around a whole host
of other books before making your choice
you'll know you feel good about the book
by well feeling it reading bits of it
may well have gotten advice about it
from somewhere someone who loves books
even more than you do the bookseller on
the other side of the counter you will
have partaken in a process that's a
vital part of our culture our community
and our high street so see the chances
are you will get a bag that says books
on my back that says I use book shops
because I value them and I wanted to
stay that way spell books my bag gift
card excellent
and then lastly now ain't no Sherlock
but I think he's a book Oh can't I since
editions of oranges are not the only
fruit is I've never seen this edition
before oh it's beautiful vintage vintage
how they're all orange do I get other
orange themed Joanne Harris five
quarters of the orange or two over a
shock allure Oh brilliant
Calcutta two years in the city almost
fell Isabel only moves to Calcutta this
is cool I'm gonna go spend my books in
my bag voucher now so you guys are
dismissed but thank you for watching and
watch out to the books my campaign onion
leaves and links below
wait so watching this video get here
local bookshop go be gone bye bye behind
for bhai
