hi gang so I've just had a sudden surge
of bravery to talk about something that
I've wanted to talk about for a long
time in this channel but genuinely
haven't summoned the balls or the vagina
or whatever we term that thing called
bravery nowadays
now when you briefed about something on
the internet it's weird because you
breathe for the for the five minutes it
takes to type or talk and record and
uploaded but then it's indelibly there
on the internet forever and people
assume you're brave but all the time so
just bear that in mind
yeah I talk about lot of my channel
about gender and politics and stuff on
my channel and there's something in my
life that has really helped me think
about that that I already talked about
before and that is PCOS how to read a
good revelation around my struggles with
PCOS um last week and it made me feel
super lots better about it so I wanted
to make this video just to be like hey
this is a thing that happens and not
many people in my life know that I have
it somehow some really cool opinions and
people found their way to me this week
that made me feel good about it again
and I just thought that maybe there
might be somebody who would also like to
feel good about this so anyway but I've
been cryptic here we go so I have PCOS
it's called polycystic ovary syndrome
the older you get the more likely people
are to know about it I was diagnosed of
it when I was about 14 or 15 and at the
time none of my friends have heard of it
they had no fucking idea what it was
most people I meet now don't really know
what it is it's quite common among
middle-aged women I think um you know
once you get to 30 40 I think it's about
one in four have PCOS but it's quite and
usually diagnosed that that young and it
was a bit crazy in the most basic terms
PCOS polycystic ovary syndrome means
that you have cysts growing on your
ovaries which affects your hormones in
lots of different ways it affects the
levels of insulin your blood and how I
can break down sugar meaning that you're
probably pre-diabetic for ebbs for life
and it means that your weight fluctuates
ridiculously you put on weight really
really easily it often means your
periods are more painful you have lots
of kind of other risks and health things
that are just like boring and shit it
can affect your fertility as you
older but that's like up in the air and
the things that kind of really affected
me as a teenager though and besides you
know extreme pain and extremely
unpredictable periods and extreme
hormonal mood swings which were by and
large just slightly magnified versions
of all my friends were going through was
the weight gain that was shit because
actually I wasn't that inactive as I got
older as a teenager and then I really
didn't feel like a anything more than my
friends by was super chubby which is
super annoying which was super hard for
me at the time and the other thing was
that I gained a lot of hair this is
gross hair everywhere else is something
that you can talk about with your
friends it wasn't a big deal yeah have
more than most people but it wasn't like
a thing and I think you can go through
together with your friends
everybody has it but it's one thing that
wasn't as parallel with my friends and
something I don't really go through them
with was the excessive facial hair and
we've been debunking the public's
emotions about weight and curvy girls
and all of this kind of speak but
something we don't really talk about as
much in society is women looking like
men and the problems with that and the
way they're perceived to be unattractive
there is the heavy versus light weight
issues and I think as a society we're
really starting to tack all those but
something that isn't as much being
tackled and equally isn't being tackled
it in male discrimination is when you
look like the other gender a little bit
this was just not something that's
explained to me as a teenager not
something I could talk to people about
wouldn't feel like I could talk to
people about and just feeling very
masculine at a very vulnerable and
formative age just like super weird and
in summary if I didn't remove all the
hair from my face I would kind of have
sideburns going the whole way down here
probably not meeting here but I did have
like quite a lot of hairs and big stripe
here and I would always have attached
like always have a dash one one boy who
kind of like was friends and me was also
super mealy sticking with pistachio at
school and I was quite kick ass and
quite gobby and known to be really brash
and loud at school but
every time you use that insult at me I
would just leave and go to the toilets
and cry on my own for a really long time
it's weird to think that as a teenager I
found it very easy to bounce off you
know intelligence jokes or unpopular
jokes or like even even to the point
where I was fine with weight jokes
sometimes those look so much stuff that
I felt as a teenager I could bounce back
and the one thing I couldn't stand if
somebody looked at me and was like you
look like a man you know that was like
the worst insult to me that was the
thing that I was like I am broken I
can't do I can't do no running away as I
got to university and I started learning
about gender as a performance and as a
construct it was super interesting to
look back at that time in my life and
wonder how I would have done it
differently had I known the progress
that society is made but also just like
knowing what was probably going on at
that time and nobody turned around to
tell me when I was a teenager we didn't
talk about the Kinsey scale or the fact
that you can be like you know a little
bit but should not be a lesbian it'll be
a little bit a little bit flamboyant but
not gay and we just didn't talk about it
enough and the popular media makes me
feel like it is being talked about a lot
more with teenagers which is good but at
the time when I was diagnosed with PCOS
one the doctor who was supposed to be my
consultant um was a man and he turned
around to me and he said you are very
fat very very fat you need to lose
weight literally the words he said not
even kidding and the other thing was to
send me for electrolysis electrolysis is
usually a really expensive and luxury
procedure in some ways and it's
something that you know women pay for
pay a lot of money for in certain
societies but you can actually get it
through the NHS if you're a PCOS
condition is bad enough so I was sent
for electrolysis sessions and Janome
electrolysis electrolysis is a treatment
where they open up the pores of your
skin and stick a hot needle in it until
they kill the root of the hair so we'll
never
grow back again um it's super painful
each session was only about 10 minutes
such as your people can stand the woman
who gave me treatment must really
empowered a really lovely and used to be
really nice to me and tell me about all
these stories about how all these like
really butch men would come in for it
and cry and how that I was really brave
and stuff but it's something that I
struggled with for a few years because I
had this treatment
you know jury a-levels and going in and
out of the University and you can't have
it that often and it was really painful
and actually really emotionally grueling
because I'd come out every time feeling
um really really degraded and just
really sad that I just put myself
through so much pain to make sure that I
looked hairless and flawless and like a
girl and it took me really really long
time to decide that I didn't need to do
it even though it was like the most
painful thing I've ever done any
piercing I've ever had has never hurt
doesn't hurt as much as electrolysis
I've had a really deep tattoo on my ribs
and that didn't hurt as much as
electrolysis it's really painful and it
took me actually a ridiculous amount of
time to decide it's something that I
didn't need and something I was
automatically pushed in the direction of
by doctors because it was seen to
automatically something that would
obviously affect my self-esteem and they
needed to get rid of it there is an
amazing case on the Internet of a Sikh
girl who has a beard and who was
somebody took a picture of her in an
airport and it was circulated on 4chan
and read it and stuff and she got a lot
of abuse for having a beard when she was
alerted that the picture was up there
and people had been kind of attacking
her for months about having facial hair
she made the most amazing statement I'm
gonna link it down below but I think she
can read it I think it blew a lot of the
internet out of the water that this
woman would come forward and be like hey
I've got a beard so what big deal no
less woman don't care um and it shit
that I'm 24 and I feel like I work in
you know I feel like I'm in a fairly
liberal society you have fairly fairly
liberal friends and I'm still just
really terrified to not remove the hair
on my face could we talk about that like
I'm not saying
to change it to be honest I'll probably
still keep removing it because I haven't
go over it yet but it could we talk
about that more is that I think we could
talk about while we're also talking
about weight because in the same way
that I feel like I have male friends
that can't grow beards and filled
emasculated
it's just weird isn't it it's just stuff
on your face and the thing that kind of
changed things for me this week that I
just wanted to like thank the girls for
there's a really nice secret Facebook
group and part of with lots of other
girls from the internet some of whom I
know some of you I don't know but it's a
little safe space where we all go to
post stuff about life and it's just a
nice little community noticeboard I
guess and some girls went on there last
week and were like I wish I could grow
beard it would be so cool and then a few
people below it were like yeah like it's
so fair that I can't grow a bit how fun
would that be
and there was all these kind of positive
comments about how cool it'd be to grow
a beard and I could lock dodd and looked
at the group I was like I can go a bit
and I can I've made a joke about on
there and it was a weird thing where I
didn't realize you know some girls now
are looking at is it like a power thing
and they're like I'll be so cool to grab
it they're just so cool and fun and
alright for my whole life I've been
terrified to even see a wisp of hair on
my face
and I realized that so I just went on
and I was like guys totally got this can
totally grow beard goofy you hashtag
PCOS and it was a weird thing where I
was like hey that's what I do I'm the
person who jokes about the things that I
don't like and that person that's who I
am usually like in most situations this
is how I react and I couldn't react to
this situation like me because of all of
the shit and somehow that comment broke
through to me and I was like yeah I can
grow a bit and for I won't necessarily
grow a beard but it's that weird
inherent understanding of like beard
means power and women growing beards new
movement wearing very bit yeah it was a
weird thing where I was like oh it makes
sense now and maybe people are starting
to move on thank you for making a joke
about thing and making me feel like it's
okay to do good by it too and the
it's not something big and scary it's
just something that we're slowly getting
over as a society and that's really cool
thanks guys um so yeah a journey of you
guys suffer from PCOS it's something
that I've managed to control a lot as
I've got older and as life as my
hormones have chilled the fuck out like
it's got so much better and it doesn't
really affect my day-to-day life
if bat aw now apart from that so jenny
of you guys up from PCOS how you do it
are you okay to you hugs to you and what
do you think about beards spears
power-down can we do that is that a
thing in the same way I'd totally date a
guy without a beard do guys date girls
with beards
I really want to grow beard but like
we're not sure if I fell like a kid in
the same way that girls would totally
date men without much body hair do men
sometimes find a little bit of body hair
attractive disgust oh this has been just
kissing my frog it also been
sufficiently awkward I will now go
goodbye
