new hair old politics perish notes let's
interact with the external before we go
into the existential I cut my hair it
wasn't quite the plan there is an
Instagram story pinned to my profile on
Instagram called hair gate if you would
like to watch that fest but now I
feel like Audrey from Little Shop of
Horrors and everything is great so that
is good I have been gone
that sentence wasn't sorry I've been
gone it was just I have been gone there
is a weird expectation particularly on
this platform to be constantly present
which is something I can't do
I think that's all for parish notes oh
yeah thank you so much for all of your
lovely comments on my video with Craig
that was super fun and I enjoyed it he
may make cameos in the future who can
say oh yeah I went to Amsterdam that's
where else I've been
there'll be a video about that soon
parish notes out of the park
today's video is about shopping more
ethically investing in things that at
the end of the day saves me long-term
money stops the planet from crying and
ultimately delays the day when the sea
levels in London will rise and my flat
will be underwater that note here is the
hashtag eco haul for you now the first
thing that people talk about the most
and is probably something that you have
seen around is a Keith cup and I've had
to keep cut for a couple of years now
and I finally bought a new one because
the other one was scratchy as hell and
also tasted of minestrone soup they are
plastic takeaway cups that soggy leader
is gonna preserve the recipe you know
plastic cups you carry around with you I
don't really know what else to say about
that and in lots of places so Harrison
Hall where I bought this you get 20 feet
off your drink when you use it and then
impact and get 50 feet off which if
you're buying a filter coffee I'm not
afraid to say is an absolute steal so
I've been trying to get to grips with
carrying this around warm these Harrison
whole ones my favorite because I kind of
hate the brightly colored ones I don't
know what it is because I am ultimately
my aesthetic it is like run down CBEC
presenter but for some reason
brightly-colored keep cups piss me off
so I just really like this black one and
it shows the dirt less
is good because I am a grubby so
yeah if you're somebody who lives in a
city and commutes a lot you use a
unreasonable amount of plastic or paper
cups that you shouldn't do and also
something I didn't realize is that paper
cups a lot of them have plastic lining
so they don't leak so they're not
actually just paper that you can recycle
they have plastic in any way the second
thing I use a lot of all the restaurants
automatically give you is plastic
cutlery why I only recently started
noticing this my friend tends in like um
whips out her metal Straub was talking
to me about her metal straw and how
she's is that and how in America lots of
people use a lot of straws I think in
this country we don't give up that many
straws or as automatically and but
something that I relate that to was
cutlery so this is my little fabric bag
I got this bamboo set off Amazon and I
carried them around with me everywhere I
go cuz I am a happy camper rinse them
out in the toilets when you're done I'm
always buying like salads or like
curries and stuff on the go and and it's
just one less thing that you can just be
like no I don't I don't want that that's
not a thing that I want they give you a
spoon fork and a butter knife I'm
assuming because getting into places
with knives all the time is kind of hard
to take away for you you don't really
need a type serious hunters knife so and
yeah I can't run this little fabric
thing and have seen that many people do
it yet but I keep being a dick and like
being like hast I'm here with my bamboo
color ooh so hopefully it catches on but
I enjoy it the next thing I realized I
was using a lot of was cotton pads and
especially with toiletries they always
feel essential because you're like tiny
toiletries and but there are a lot of
like more alternative ways springing up
doing it I started using this Liz L hot
cloth cleanser and it's usually I saw
this for years but was way too expensive
wait her expensive committed wash but
then I went to really dodgy and and then
I went to a really dodgy car boot sale
and a guy was selling these out the back
of his van for like nine quid each so I
got them and I have this is my second
tube the first to buy years
did me a year and a bit because you use
a tiny amount of it and use it with
these muslin cloths that you can get off
the internet for really cheap you chuck
them in the washing machine and it melts
off your makeup it gets off way more
makeup than I've ever seen come off my
face I can use my other cleansers and
then use this afterwards and makeup
still comes off so yeah that is really
good but I don't use it every day
because it's quite expensive even if you
do buy it from the back of a van and
it's just quite intense so I don't
really want to use every day so the
other thing I started using is these
alternative to cotton pads
I bought these ones off eBay it's just a
nice little woman that like makes them
in her house I'll leave the link below
but they're literally just squares of
fun patterned fabric with toweling on
the back and and I use them instead of
cotton pads when I'm using miscellany or
to Mussolini or miscellaneous water I've
been using these and they're brilliant
so far you can chuck them in the washing
machine so you're not even using any
more water than you usually would coz
there's enough room in any wash that I
do for these so it makes sense on a lot
of levels and just feels like it's
getting my face a bit cleaner - I really
like lovely absolutely lovely
now I'm about to evangelical who gives a
crap I do and this is a company I just
found them on in a Facebook ad so I
guess some Facebook ads are doing good
but this is a company where you can
order all of your toilet paper in
advance to your house now one of the
main stresses in my twenties and now I'm
about to reveal how far up the hierarchy
of needs on the pyramid I am but and one
of the main stresses my 20s is not
remembering to buy toilet paper it's
through great it's all such a stress for
me I have used lots of other alternative
emergency means that I'm not gonna go
into right now but safe to say life is
better for everybody
when Lina has enough toilet paper in the
house who gives a crap toilet paper is
100% recycled is double wrapped so
sometimes when you buy stuff from a
corner shop it feels like it's really
cheap but actually it's really shallowly
rats you're not getting anything this is
double wrapped and I've kind of worked
out and it is about the same as what I'd
normally spend
toilet paper it is really nice on your
bum it has no chlorine inks dice or
cents it's three ply and you can order
them or to come in a massive box to your
door then you stash them up by the
toilet like I do and it just makes me
happy inside
they give 50 percents they give 50% of
all their profits to you WaterAid this
is a non spawn but I just feel like this
is my third box of these and can't go
wrong
can't go wrong can't go I'm not gonna do
that ever again I talked to all of my
friends about this all the time it must
seem like I am getting some kind of I
don't know palace
they must be by me for talking about him
so much but em I'm not I just bloody
loved them and I actually bought this my
friend like as a birthday present I
she lives in Sheffield and I just
ordered 36 rolls to her house and she
was very happy and so it's actually kind
of great weird gift to give people to
just like miss extravagantly huge box of
eco toilet paper but yeah they have
loads of different patterns that they
come in which is really cute too and you
also get an emergency roll rolled in red
which I enjoy and the last thing I'm yet
to try out but I'm excited about is and
bamboo eco toothbrushes I don't know how
and I change my toothbrush every three
months and that is just a massive hunk
of plastic it's just sitting in the
ground there's literally no reason for
that it's not like I could use something
else it's not hygiene thing all the
toothbrushes I've ever been offered have
been plastic and I never thought about
it until I found these and something
that is weird about these is that
they're individually packaged which
feels a bit wasteful anyway this is a
eco toothbrush it is made out of bamboo
is 100% recyclable and biodegradable you
can get them in a variety of strengths
and I'm about to start using these and
I'm really excited about them and these
work out about two pound two pounds
fifty a piece which is like I've
probably spent about one pound fifty on
toothbrushes normally so it's not really
that much of a markup and to be honest I
think I should be marking that up a
little bit this is one of them videos
that I can't tell whether was useful or
interesting so do let me know in the
comments if you want more videos like
this because it interested me I've got
lots of videos in the pipeline I've got
more videos on publishing I've got some
more episodes of the 5 to 9
coming out and I've got lots of other
stuff in the pipeline so hopefully the
pipes will spill out content soon but if
there's anything you would like me to
make do leave me suggestions in the
comments below because a lot of the
videos that make it because of them
in summary thank you for watching frog
snog out I have a lens that is now too
long to do frost
look out wait I'll come round to you I'm
gonna get you gonna gate
you
