hi guys it was I think 2011 when Cameron
came into our lives like a wrecking ball
and published had to be a woman which I
think frankly changed all my mind's on
wanking stripey hair and feminism I just
need a really been printed it was great
where are you initially scared about
publishing such a public book about
feminism and were you surprised at the
reactions you got yes
wouldn√≠t when I was - I think that was
point rows just halfway through just
going you know you working for The Times
babe you know you're a nice one here
very funny I think this match - how can
you be fine and then them but it just
became so furious but I kind of like
that the limited amount of options that
seem to be a woman at the time and you
know my daughter was sort of growing up
and it's sunny behind this big thing of
likely she's gonna be a teenager soon I
don't want to really try to change books
I know abashed at six months but I mean
there was you know here we had many sort
of crisis thoughts about how I may end
my career but the amazing thing was
because the structure that was that
every chapter is something that wouldn't
keep secret so hair blood masturbation
abortion eating disorders fantasy love
affairs and you know it's suppressing
those things and takes up all the energy
or just Mac as you as a woman and and
and it also just you know that these are
all the things that make women different
to men and everything that different
changes from men is something they were
supposed to be shameful man feel
shameful man to spend money on and so
writing a book about all these secrets
could have gone either way it could have
been kind of right oh god you've talked
about this shit you're not supposed to
talk about drop end of career or as it
turned out you're right yes booking of
course starting oh my god that's okay I
could yeah that's your money it's
especially rather than me being punished
by the entire world for writing this
book other people but this makes me feel
better
that's it was all around the secret that
we discovered is that the secrets don't
need to be kept secret anymore it's
actually a fine story you know you can
write a best-selling book about our
waking your head off and you know you're
still received in as in I keep you Syria
I'm going to society
these lights a career if you can't talk
about like what really is the world's a
really room in the first place
exactly stop say either wing Weetabix or
wearing coats that makes you very kind
oh yes a combination would be a machine
so you've worked Chronicles of Narnia
while ago now but this is your kind of
first Faraj into fiction for a long time
you've been judging the Bailey's prize
yes how did that feel to judge other
people's fiction
knowing that imminently in a few minutes
you'd be putting up your own scares
hella fiction show you where your world
your literary like nursing like it well
it's and what it's amazing to read kind
of like so it's inside had kicks I used
to read like a book a day and then I'd
had kids and just got so busy and stuff
and just sort of like you know kidding
myself I couldn't find space to read it
so suddenly having to read I think it
was like 78 books in three months makes
you feel like you can squeeze books in
and it's amazing to read everything that
women have written this year and just
see that the whole overview kind of I
mean some it's like being able to kind
of tuck into a kind of like google maps
of women's money yeah yeah just seeing
the kind of things that concern women at
the moment and that say you know so that
was amazing to see and one thing that
made me really sort of sad reading it is
so much of it it's about child abuse or
rape you know those are things that
should be talked about you know they're
you know everything on one of those
books should exist there should be more
books written about it be just kind of
like you know no wonder I'll find it
yeah there was it's often feels very
onerous and depressing to be a woman
like you know yeah and what the books to
me out there that about fun and kind of
like you know it
adventures of nobility at questing and
you know it's like going to go against
I've got another two decades of fiction
about this before yeah sorry off the
ladies yes the same criticism of men
slam poetry I hear a lot like oh if I
hear one more rape poem blah blah blah
and I'm like guys I'm sorry you should
have thought about 50 years to come and
be the things as well that like but then
you sort of realize i ky of those dating
books are being written it's kind of
often because you know often the more
damage you are the more you have to
write and I would like the world where
girls who weren't so compelled to I
would also be able to write about all
that so I don't I just laugh it up is
you know expand to the Mexica then you
know you would see a lot of you know
often if a conversation was going like
this we go enough with the right books
already
and it's like no that must never be the
thing you would never must say no and
you must stop doing this or you just say
it's go here are the other things that
must be happening as well while these
other things aren't happening this is a
still
balanced conversations representation it
really does yeah this book how to build
a girl yes it's kind of deeply seated
around the campfire of the music
business yes
so what's the music business did you
want to talk about the music business
and therefore the working class and that
kind of struggle or did you want to
apply the working class and use that
it's used to but music business I which
which I rounded that happens because it
means that you're enjoying both of them
equally or is it both just they're all
just big excuse to uh sex well no it was
a family is like what did talk about the
book at the book I mean you talk about
sex I wanted to write about music which
is about heroes which is got building
yourself class and because this is the
first of a trilogy so this is kind of
like you know would be following these
characters for a very long time and I
wanted to start before Britpop I show
what was happening in the music industry
then because the early 90s got em in
Manchester and acetates and stuff was
the last time that it was cool to be
working classes last time the working
classes took over culture and the time
that that has happened previously was
gonna run the big explosion of 1960s and
that's because it was always one of the
ways out if you were working-class you
know my dad wasn't so you can you say
the anyway actually working classes with
Irwin the pools you become like a sports
than a boxer a footballer or you're in a
band
and that's basically then you've got out
of this and but that's an avenue that's
been closed off in there since all the
money is disappeared yeah and now we're
in a kind of free cycle kind of yeah and
you know and doesn't it feel boring that
the working classes aren't making music
now that kind of when was the last time
you got really excited about what's
happening the charts or you know the
type of Britpop unit that whole thing
that was happening with Brit art and
theatre and film and stuff you know when
you know everything Welsh and you know
an oasis and kind of all those
working-class people coming through so
everything a bit Tracey Emin something
you know just with those three some yeah
every Thunder so exciting and when if we
had something like that and yes you just
let them work it you know it's like you
know the reason that you know I'd like
to talk about the revolution isn't like
I'm not pleading they would be a good
thing to make everybody equal it's like
it's more exciting when everybody gets
to it in and you know God bless posh
white men but you know I kind of think I
know everything they've said yeah I'm
gonna think they're done for them they
can have a little race go riding the
ponies for a bit but now to take over
for a while
Farage was
in how about girl Joanna builds herself
but from the beginning I was kind of
like oh this is because of everybody's
expectations and over us as the book
went on I was kind of like wait are
these are her expectations of herself so
and in my mind what were you trying to
put cross with Joanna do you think that
her her building mechanism was more to
do with other people or do you think it
was something that she that came from
her really oh no sir it's definitely
gates that point the whole idea it was
kind of like inside point you're like 14
or 15 and you realize however your
parents have built you is not going to
be enough and so you're gonna have to
build yourself and how you do that and
of course when you're doing that you are
a child but while you're trying to build
as an adult so often the decisions you
will make more be the decisions on your
child yeah and the other the other thing
that you did the other mistake when
you're making your teenagers or when
you're young is thinking you know I
remember thinking when I got to 17 or 18
well that's me done I'll always be like
this I made myself now I can finally you
say and now it should always be like
this a week okay listen you're going to
spend the rest of your life
cracking the shell and becoming bigger
cracking the shell because we're maker
and you're constantly going to be
rebuilding yourself and that's one of
the great joys you know and you know I
can remember so you know being very
depressive for a very long time just
were they consciously making the
decision that you know I would just we
have to do everything for times
iterations and with an egg with an egg
yeah just starting programming yourself
just reject every you know so you know I
had panic attacks for years but you can
just sort of like change the voice in
your head say say in a really calm and
lovely way no just shut up just ignore
that thought no just do not do not go
there and mother yourself so would you
say the phrase are coming of age story
is inherently in some ways a little bit
floored because boy it's coming of age
yeah early like what is this young run
well that's the other thing as well like
some people going in it you saw you
write a lot about self like teenagers
and stuff you still obviously very in
contact with your teenage self or so
aggression then exactly does it to do my
teenage years but you know kind of like
the you know in a way we are perpetually
adolescents you know everybody's stuck
in they're teenagers you know
every fucking Avenue another funny but
that's what we do and I think there's
also something to be said that kind of
basically who you were at 12 is probably
who you'll probably come back right into
at 27 and usually you go through that
sort of rebellion of kind of like a good
experiment with loads of different means
but you know if you research something
quite a cheerful person at the age of 12
you probably end up being quite cheerful
person at the age of 27
just with 10 years of god it's very I do
was talk about me
my last question you're also in a book
called and our men obsolete there's been
a lot debates about that now I realize
the your of the side of men aren't
obsolete yet at all but I have made a
list of men that I do think might be
obsolete and I'd like to let me know
what you really think there's just an
isolation on it's not a blanket
punishment no no Michael guys it's been
my Pixies okay certainly he's well he
said he's a colleague of mine all the
times and he's actually he was the man
you were when we went to the pen quiz
which is like a big literary critic the
biggest eggheads in the world and he was
many could not only work out the
birthday of D H Lawrence by tracking you
the back of Ford from F scott Fitzgerald
but also when they said my name is
firebomb and I was famous in 1986 Who am
I he was the only person in the room
went that's the hamster that Freddie
star ate that was on the front cover of
the son Freddy stark my hamster now you
know man even when a pop quiz was that
kind of breath yeah yeah arguing that
has no soul or their mark yeah okay
Jafar
see the even government that's it yeah
lemis designer he's it's difficult to
judge of evil is obsolete he's making
himself up so you can sit maybe we don't
take that in the face of the real be no
yes and that's one Robin Thicke Davis PR
person more than anything else oh
there's a lot of people in that room and
that was being recorded so he's called
this album Paula to try and get his
ex-wife Paula back but if their album
tanks then everyone will just be like
did you see how badly Paula stuff God
pull this shit it was like no Paula and
that would be bad associations with the
name Paula and it will make Harry we're
shooting ourselves in the foot
he's more than obviously obsoleted
himself I think you've been very
generous thank you for coming on the
channel
and I hope I behaved myself like now and
you're gonna have to sign all of these
books how's the bad side so Little Miss
the high point of my research are my
wrist is very strong from years of
special practice so I want to do
it's not a cleanliness she showered this
week
