hey guys today we're going to talk about
slut-shaming in relation to street
harassment that shame is the act of
criticizing attacking or initiating
shame in a woman for being sexual having
sexual desires outside of the patriarchy
norm and/or laying claim to her own
sexuality when we look at this in
relation to street harassment we can
often see slut-shaming manifesting
itself in the assumed relationship
between how a woman is treated and what
she is wearing there's still socially
accepted practice of judging a woman's
sexual availability and the resulting
degree of respect she receives purely on
how much or how little she chooses to
expose her body the problem that despite
the hundreds of years of gender
discrimination progress it's still a
massive issue it's still here
lingering like a bad smell the act of
revealing and concealing certain parts
of the human body has the centuries
defined the arbitrary line between those
who deserve respect and those who are
asking for a butte to remember that the
degree to which this applies is
dependent on a lot of social norms in
some cultures it's more acceptable to
wear less clothes than others and in
some cultures you can wear very little
without be considered sexual at all this
conclusion points the fact that exposing
or not exposing yourself is not
factually related to your sexuality the
degree to which that is judged is up to
the members of any kind of social
situation all those who influence a
wider society a good example of this is
the kind of smoke and mirrors attitudes
towards swimming pools in Western
culture is this one minute slut slut
slut it's all about the context we
choose to attach rules to that shaming
causes women all over the world to feel
ashamed about showing accepting and
having certain body part it causes them
to sexualize themselves and stop them
from being able to imagine themselves as
complex human beings and more
importantly in some cases quite
accurately we perpetually scared of
violation physically mentally or
emotionally in a fashion that suggests
that it's their fault
we are the quarters and the temptress
the Eve with the Apple the Jezebel the
imagery surrounding the cunning
sexualized woman who is there to corrupt
is really damaging because it implies
women who are sexual as deviant
they'll season with a sexuality and
ultimately God forbid gain power in a
situation the Jezebel phenomenon often
leads to damaging statements
justifications for assault usually along
the lines of or in the spirit of she was
asking for it judging a person how
little or how much flesh they choose the
show assumes that women's attitudes
towards their body should always be
dictated by the presence of the male
gaze we are always on duty couldn't fit
everything we do everything we say
everything we put on our bodies should
be always with the consideration of back
of our minds of men watching us constant
vigilance whether that's assuming that
we're always trying to use our bodies
for power to ask for attention through
nonverbal communication or letting our
bodies speak about our sexual
availability as you might have guessed I
and many women have now come to
inclusions that the relationship between
what we wear and how much sex we want
it's completely arbitrary it's fictional
it doesn't exist it doesn't exist unless
we say it does yes it is possible as a
sewer connected but anybody else apart
from ourselves making that judgment is
completely an assumption and you can't
tell how accurate that assumption is
without wait for it knowing the person
and you certainly can tell from watching
them on the street I hope this video
helps you better understand what they
mean when they say they have been slut
shamed and some of the damage it can do
or if you're is totally also an amazing
the lines of me encourage you and
equipped you to maybe try and explain
the concept of slut-shaming to people in
your lives who don't know about it for a
curious about knowing more about what
you mean when you use that term please
share this video if you found it helpful
and I'll see you tomorrow
video frog snog out
