hey guys so since you last saw me I
stopped doing and I'm going to say
failed I'm gonna say stopped doing video
every day in January I did do a blog
post about that so if you haven't seen
that yet please take a look on the link
below I will say in my defense is that I
made more videos that I've ever made in
any months ever I don't think I'm
actually ashamed of any of them as you
know I'm finally out of AA education I
get to read whatever the I want and
it's some fun after my goodreads kind of
video I kind of came to a compromise
where I was like you know what I am
gonna keep some kind of record it's
gonna be static and it's you know it's
not gonna be perfect but I am gonna keep
something up there to be like this is
what I've read so far and I'm not
necessarily gonna review everything I'm
definitely not going to start a thing
but it it's up there on tumblr if you
want to have a look I'm gonna start
reviewing stuff in themes I hope I just
think it'd be cool to kind of review
stuff against other stuffing discuss
books together because I think books
makes more sense together rather than
apart like people today I thought I
would review three rather famous why
novels for you that I've been reading
the best one I had to pick up was a
monster calls by Patrick Ness is based
on a plot that actually a different
author wrote Patrick Ness came in and
wrote and finished it and when the
author died so I'm kind of not judging
to me this isn't a Patrick mess but it
obviously is a Patrick Ness book the
Mitsuba to me it's not going to
determine whether I read more patching
less to the futures cool I think this is
a very unique situation for and also to
be in lucky enough to have a freaking
beautiful hardback copy and I just think
the production on this is impeccable the
illustrations are second to none they're
beautiful are perfectly integrated with
the text very moody offset lithography
slash kind of spilled ink effect that I
just our absolute full marks of
illustration I don't think it's a
spoiler to say that this is the book
about bereavement and the symbols that
we associate with bereavement and how
people deal with bereavement and how
children to deal with bereavement it
wasn't exactly something that I I had to
keep putting it down and coming back to
it it wasn't as compelling as other
books on bereavement that I found and
what it was a very interesting character
study I think it is one that has been
done before
and you know just from just subjectively
I have a lot of emotional attachments to
other books that deal with this and deal
with this age group and deal with the
very similar things in a way that
resonates more with me while I thought
this is a beautiful production and it is
beautifully illustrated and there's
nothing particularly disappointing about
the writing I definitely wasn't
disappointed by this I at the same time
wasn't ignited by it this is great it's
fine it's just not my personal favorite
it would really take something
ridiculous to surpass Skellig in my mind
when we talk about symbolism and things
visiting you in the night and
bereavement I was also confused that
they're bringing it out in an adult
edition without the illustrations
because I just don't see how it worked
as an ad look book to me this is
actually more of a kind of 9 to 12 age
group book this is the middle grade kind
of read for me sharmee in the teenage
section I think is a very confusing
choice that that's my thoughts on one
chuckles second one is Mockingjay I read
the first two it is very so long ago and
Nathan Nathan is my fiancee and he like
has probably read about six books in his
life and three of them were these and he
loves them and I freaking love the first
one I just thought it was impeccably
good and that's why I kind of got him to
read them and then we both read the
second one and he was really impressed I
was really devastating you disappointed
I thought the first book in the
standalone Beauty I think it's great I
think it's dealing with the dystopian
thing very originally and something that
you know actually sparks a lot of other
writers it's not bringing out stuff like
that and it kind of almost fathered a
generation of that kind of dystopian
novel for Hawaii and the second one just
felt like it cut and pasted it to me it
was a really lazy cut and pasted too
many characters not enough outside world
development everything happened
obviously everything happened in the
games but all was I bored the way that
the kind of get out catalyst was
described was so confusing to me how any
makes sense to me because I've seen the
film I think the film is great put me
off the series for a while because that
second one no just no and there's so
many stereotypical things I just like I
can't but I gave the third one a try and
I'm really really yeah I did say the
first 20% I was kind of frustrated with
just a very contrived bit like so and
they were getting she kind of has this
moment where she kind of like just just
is standing in the street and then just
goes into a ball on her knees and
dramatic like kind of athenian pose and
says oh i know my therapist told me to
do he told me to recite all the things i
know about myself and the world that I
live in are in my hair
Oh convenient that the readers might not
read one and two and would like a really
fast recap I was like oh please God no
how do they know certain Capitol things
women come on the news in district 13
when even the president didn't know but
then somehow like Gayle hasn't have time
to run to the room get Katniss have like
a five minute conversation with captain
get back for the beginning of that
broadcasting there was just stuff like
that that was like no moments when she
saw Peter on the TV and she comes up to
the TV and like touches the TV because
she can see him on it I was like that's
not a realistic thing that somebody
would do there were a lot of like
moments when I was like oh hand tempo
but overall I just thought this was
stunning and actually it got better
after that like she just stopped doing
that and for this part it was just great
great great lots of art was what I've
been wanting for the whole of the series
was to see the rest of the universe and
the rest of the country in a really
rural way and it was it was just great
and I cried a lot and it start another
book for like three days because I felt
so traumatized I spelled out the odds be
ever in your favor
in alphabet spaghetti on my fridge and
spoiler alert she does also fall into
the pitfalls like who needs a spoiler
alert anymore anyway it's the hunger
come on guys she just gonna fall into a
pitfall at the end I think by tying up
all the ends in a kind of JK Rowling s
kind of way the ladies were in a really
great article on kind of like did JK
Rowling fall into the trap of having to
like tie off all of the Harry Potter
characters lives at the end of book 7
which I'll link below and I kind of feel
the same way about this like I didn't
need to know
no but just character wise and type
stylistically and just world building
wise it was very believable we didn't
all get what we wanted some brave
decisions regarding killing off
characters but I thought was very brave
and very well done and I think she went
to places that I was like oh can you go
here okay okay okay thought is a very
brave and a very disturbing and you know
very adult novel top end yaa I wouldn't
give this to 12 year old
it's really disturbing yeah I felt
content by that it was like drinking a
really massively long cup of coffee and
not feeling like you want a muffin
afterwards you don't want another cup of
coffee you want to sit there and be like
ah I'm satisfied thirdly this is trouble
when on prat this isn't out yet it's out
in March it has sperm on the cover and
hurt alert Bob on the cover I think it's
kind of shouty produced book I do like
it although I would say is that this
book is really good and I think also a
lot of boys would like it but I feel
like it's it looks like a very girly
read and that's sad to me you see it as
much of the male's perspective as we do
the female perspective and I think it's
told very well and very truthfully and I
would like boys to read this too if I
was a teen pregnancy I was a little bit
skeptical at first I read the first 40
pages and then I realized there were
some deaths some very brave Jets that
were put into this plotline that aren't
usually in teen pregnancy kind of
discussion books and actually this is a
massive page-turner it's a very
accessible easy read that I was kind of
like didn't have to think too much about
also was kind of very emotionally
engrossed in it so I think that was a
good balance I really like the character
of Hannah I think the author was very
fair to a character but she wasn't too
stereotypical at the same time I also
fairly often didn't treat her any
different any year the characters and
while she was sympathetic she also
wasn't forgiving and follows hannah and
Aaron I think that price of both of them
they were both just very real
three-dimensional characters Hannah gets
pregnant with somebody new very
controversial in her life who she can't
tell anybody about and Aaron without
even knowing that person is stepped in
but you realize our isn't just stepping
in to be a superhero although for a lot
of the book you kind of think are you
making him a savior character but you
realized that he actually has a secret
that he wants to be absolved for and I
think it was a very brave secret a very
sad secret and even though the plot is
somewhat you know predictably linear
like oh she gets pregnant or she's still
pregnant
oh she still prayed she has a baby kind
of inevitable there was still part of
this story that I was like how is this
gonna work you don't got the answer the
end which I can't decide where there was
a bit of a duck and dodge or something
was very good and gave the characters a
bit privacy because actually I think we
can be a bit too sensationalist about
this and want to know everything about
our characters and actually a book is
just a way to give you a
or window into a character's life in to
understand them and burned the book you
do understand both the characters so I
feel like that was the point and we got
there and then it was their privacy and
they can you know we don't get to know
what happens to them afterwards and
maybe that's okay the other reason that
I look upon this book very fondly is
because I don't think it fell into the
trap of being a romance or in any way a
romance I think this is a great
character study near thing I'll stress
is he prised about was the fact that the
language is obviously very true to the
teenagers voices and both the teenagers
aren't particularly literary or
particularly like crazily eloquent she
still works in elements of narrative
that are beautiful somehow gets
beautiful adjectives and kind of turns
of phrase that seem very seamless even
though the characters still feel like
teenagers because you know that's a
bugbear of mine like if you make a
teenager too intelligent they're not all
freakin geniuses you know I'm still not
I I still don't talk like some
characters but I'm super well-read and
I'm like can we show off your adjectives
in different way guys so I think non
prat actually did that really well yeah
I hope Aaron and Hannah okay like I
worry about them sometime so yeah I
think this was great it you know it
knows what it wanted to do and it did it
and I appreciate that there's no birds
in suicides but it knew it was new oh it
wasn't and it did it really well really
awesomely really thoroughly I would be
looking out to see what else in on Pratt
does because I think she could be a good
voice a good voice then why free of use
expect a lot more I've read the bone
season and miss Peregrine's Home for
peculiar children so I'm just gonna read
one more book at the beginning of away
series and I won't do a video on that
boiler alert I did not like the bone
season I do not feel good things about
that really but I'm trying to construct
something to try saying that without
just being at always bad because it's
not a bad book but I was just very
frustrated by it I see you in my next on
thanks for watching
