hi guys so probably one of the top three
questions I get asked like ever it's the
most frequent rain that runs through
frequent Valley in infrequent national
park hi Lena do you have a good Lena do
you have a good reader you have a good
week tell me you tell how did the are
the zucchini this is my frog people ask
me I do have an account you can guess
the name of it I just don't use it but
while I thought it's because I was too
busy and I was like guys and do my
master doing full-time s and a full-time
job guys like I will do that that's the
thing I would definitely get into when I
have some time and now I have some time
and it's like the least appealing thing
to make this isn't a video to say that
Goodreads is like wrong or it's bad or
something you shouldn't use but it is a
video to suggest that it might not be
for everybody and that's okay okay but
for a while I thought it was me I
thought there was something wrong with
me but she is not me it's Goodreads and
it's not Goodreads it's me and it's both
of us my whole life I've kind of just
found books around me I didn't really
try I didn't really notice that I was
gathering them and then before I knew it
I was kind of like tripping over them
like as I turned to a corridor in my
house they'd be like books here they're
not something that I've made like a
categorical conscious effort to
accumulate each book was a venture yes
but I didn't I never really think about
it as a collection and when I don't have
them all together it's not like an issue
for me I just like them existing around
me
just thinking about trying to record
that fluid process and name when I got a
book what Edition it is if I own it if
I've just read it and not owned it it
kind of takes the kind of fluidity out
of it for me I feel like if Goodreads is
useful it's if it's an actually accurate
reflection of what I've read and like
you numb to it I'm going to be 24 soon
like just thinking about China
categorize all the books that I've read
over the years accurately it's just it
just literally sends me into like a
panic coma but beyond having account
with like a literal impossibility of
accuracy I also just struggled to like
record stuff I read especially as I'm
reading it and I guess it's weird
because I have a YouTube channel where
that's what I do like I recall my life
as it happens edit it
not very long afterwards put it up
pretty much you know I'm doing a
constant commentary on my life I guess
I'm like too much reflective person
that's what I do the whole time like
literally there's always a monologue at
back of my skull I'd say it's about here
constant one just running the whole time
I don't need that for my bookshelves
what my bookshelves is where I go to
like not have a running commentary it
feels like I haven't unwanted art that's
sitting over my shoulder like did you
know you're at 87 books last year you're
only on 54 and it's July so I think you
should step it up a bit and I know a lot
I think what it's eat like that but I
can't unsee it like that if I knew how
many books I owned if I ever got to that
point I don't know how I'd feel I'm
convinced that I either feel very
strongly that I should have more and
just subconsciously want to accumulate
and build on that number because that's
naturally what you do with numbers you
want to you want to add to them all like
thinking that's too many and kind of
guilting myself into giving really good
books that I probably haven't read or
want to read again or just value the
memories of away and I don't want to
motivate myself to do either i
categorized books as a job like that's
what I do I deal with metadata I deal
with sales
my job is all about the stages in
between the author and the reader and
just to come home and be like just me
and the author we're just having a chat
she's telling me the things with the
nice adjectives and it's nice it's
awesome that's all I ever wanted so I
guess this week I've just cut me
thinking I allowed myself to not to not
use Goodreads that is the thing I would
love to do I guess I guess I just felt
because you guys use it so much I felt
like it's something that I needed or
something that I should really should
have I open it to people to have it and
I just don't want it like not a thing I
want I also probably have issues of
regulation and surveillance like I
survey loads of different parts of my
life I'm crazy at counting how many
hours I do something for and then guilt
true for myself about later I have some
unworked through eating issues and it's
just it's just an area of my life where
I don't count you know yeah actually I'm
probably through I'm probably in the
middle of about 20 books right now do I
can don't like if none of this year my
issue but I would probably give more of
a if I knew that all of those
things are categorized on Goodreads and
in that column there's just loads of
like little red red and green bars or
it's like finished unfinished she's 72%
of the way through this not because I
don't love books but because I love them
too much to want to categorize
them in a way that's measurable and also
fives Oh God how do you give five stars
for something or four stars or three I
really struggle with that system of
review if I could express it in three
stars I wouldn't be writing your review
I wouldn't be making a video I how
explain to me how you feel about the
star thing because I can't I can't
envision it and that's not like it
explain it to me that's like it please
explain it to me I don't know how you do
it is that just measured on enjoyment
level how do you know how you've if
you've enjoyed something compared to
something else because the feelings of
enjoyment enjoyment is such a
adjective I can't be like I enjoyed this
or more than this or because I
completely different feelings among the
peeterman characters completely
different emotions how can you ah
I'm also just not keen on their idea of
surveillance curiosity has never taken
me over so much that I've logged onto
Goodreads and just look through people's
profiles to find out what they've read
cuz it's weird but I don't want to know
like I do want to know but I don't I
want to talk to them right I want to
find out on it it's exciting to me to
sit with somebody in a coffee shop and
be like ah have you read this oh you
haven't well read this rule but like
Taylor review to that person because I
know that's I know the points that that
person would be interested in the points
they wouldn't be interested in I know
how much I'd like to share about my
emotions that book or how much I might
not want to share about my emotions
about that book depending on the person
you see it's a fluid I feel like every
review is a conversation and I kind of
like that mystique like you know you can
know some leaf like ten years and not
know that they've read Howards End and
then it would occur to you one rainy
Saturday afternoon you'd bring up your
friend and be like have you read Howards
End oh my god you have me too didn't you
think the dichotomy between communism
and ownership was just was just
illuminating didn't it make you think
about your own inheritance you're in
privileged your own dis privilege what
is being poor what is being rich it's
probably the reason I don't review every
book that I read it's probably the
reason I don't record every book that I
read somewhere I've become that person
now who doesn't finish some books
because why I'm a really public person
reading is my privacy in some ways I
share my opinions about books with you
guys I to make my review
- one video file and I upload it and
then it's yours
you know what until that point where I
chose to put it up there it was mine and
there are some books I've read and I
don't choose to share my feelings about
them because I don't know them yet still
even though I finished about three years
ago I'm like I still don't know how I
felt about that and that's okay you
don't need to finish a book straight
away and then feel like you should have
something to say on it or or that you
can mark it out of five or that you you
want to share with your friends that you
read it because maybe you don't and it's
not just talk my 50 shades of grey here
because you know we've all dipped in
it's really cheap on Kindle but like
I've come across as very strong in this
video I don't feel very strongly about
it which photo I have made a video about
it before but when people ask me I
forget the people on inside my head and
now all my up-to-date feelings about
Goodreads because it's something I only
really worked out for myself quite
lately but yeah surveillance people is
weird to me people who complain about
stalking people on Facebook and being to
open on Facebook and feeling surveyed on
Facebook use Goodreads all the time I'm
like that's more of a private experience
for me yeah I'll share my 2009 Tenerife
holiday stupid drunk pictures on
Facebook and we're gonna share what
books I've read know sometimes I do but
always with the reason cuz I feel like
it not because I have to because I read
it on this date and it hasn't been up
yet so it's like I haven't read it yeah
that's how I feel about Goodreads I just
feel Lena do you have a good you have a
Goodreads do you have a Goodreads we
know may the army do you have a
Goodreads why won't you tell me if you
have a Goodreads you can kiss my frog
