okay we're going sit down Craig Oh penny
I'm only the Booker sources away was
liking paleontology very cool
hello I would make a video in a while so
I thought I'd rope somebody into half
the workforce for me I told him the
other day that boyfriends were called
rent Harper's in London and they
believed me who did you tell that to
she's from woman's hour I told her that
like that's what we call boyfriends we
know rent collectively as Millennials so
this is Craig he is my rent hava
and also now my work harbour because
he's gonna talk for half of this video
delegation so yeah we're gonna talk
through photography books I was just at
my natural section of the bookshop but I
have been very in thrall diet since
Craig has been introducing me to some
good ones you have not been influenced I
have enthralled by the ones that I will
be sharing in this video you've done
your best give it a good cracker like so
we're gonna talk through some of our
favorite photo books but first we wanted
to talk about the fact that Craig who's
a very famous photographer now I have
been shortlisted for the British
Photography Awards man in the street
photography section so now it's gone
through all these like panels of judges
it's now gone to a public vote it's
really easy to vote you can click the
link in the description it's post-2000
certainly places and though they don't
remember so yeah it's really simple you
don't for that for we don't give it you
my address no information is needed you
literally just click a button ten-second
literally takes five seconds I'd say
four seconds if you're fast depends on
fast your fingers well you should do
that and also look for the other
categories I had a lot of fun voting and
all the other categories - you're like
having opinions me so it suited me down
to the ground there's some very strong
work in there but if you only have time
to vote to vote for one then this guy
and so should we get on with our photo
books crack we should I think singers
it's your video you should crack on for
a come out of your mouth so the first
book I have is on the night bus by Nick
Turpin and I am a little bit of a
stalker of Hoxton mini press and I've
been watching since they first launched
about five years ago they launched with
one book and I was like this is
phenomenal it's a book about an old man
and it's incredible I'll link it below
but this is one of the more recent ones
they're an independent publisher based
in Hoxton in East London um and they
make affordable photography books which
is beautiful and they're all in like a
beautiful format like this and this one
and Nick is a very famous photographer
apparently not I'm I don't really know
but I'm assuming he is but he basically
between the hours of 5:30 and 7:30 for
months stood in a few places in London
and shocked people through the window of
buses while it was raining with the
camera so yeah they're really beautiful
mysterious kind of like they look almost
like paintings because they're so
smudged I find them really like a motive
and he also talks about how their
commute is the transition between who
you are at work if you are at home and
your professional self and your personal
self and its really photographs of
people making that transition in their
head and it's also like the idea of like
them not feeling like they're being
watched which is I guess kind of creepy
but I guess that's the territory of
photography unpaused unsurveyed like
look they have and like the fact that
their identities are kind of smudged out
I kind of want to write a story about
every single person in it because I
think it's really it's like something
that when I'm like oh I don't know what
to write about I can like put out and
look at it and I'm really fascinated
bill I do it by the idea of commutes and
stuff so really I think it's beautiful
and I like the fact they try and make
stuff more affordable of people as well
because you always gone about how
expensive photo books are which is
probably why a reason I haven't really
tried them before very much because I'm
just like you ever tried to get into
photography and buy some of the gear
it's expensive as and then to make
it worse the photo books are like 30
pounds of pop so this little guy was
like 15 so you know if you want to get
some cheap photo books then hooks to
mini breasts unspun nice one with the
hooks the mini press love it great your
turn you're better at this than I am and
I
like the thing that I do well I'm
talking about books is the thing that I
do know but you're like what if I'm
describing these photographs in them you
are putting me under the test no like I
did a whole degree in this why do I have
to drop that into every video listen
right this is my this is my first
selection out the two we're doing to
each by the way do we say that it's
called The Ballad of social dependency
by NAMM golden this light is not doing
these pages any favors we didn't really
think about that Lots finishes so The
Ballad of sexual dependency was
something that was shot burnin golden in
the late seventies early 80s and is
really like a documentation of her and
her friends as they go through this
period of their life together lots and
lots of stuff happens within these years
there are themes of like sexuality of
death of work of like friendship and all
the different hurdles that they have to
go across as they are living through
these years one thing that I find really
amazing about these photographs is it
was kind of the first time that I looked
at photographs and was like ha you can
have really strong emotive images
without them being like these
beautifully composed like ah work of us
vaginas in them very hard it's good
absolutely dry
so nan goldin always had a camera with
her and her friends eventually just got
used to this it wasn't like a weird
thing then when she'd whip her camera
out and take a picture of them so
consequently she was able to get some
really raw images of lots of intimate
moments and they're really telling you
can really like see what's happening in
people's lives you get like a real good
insight the narrative of the series as a
whole is really great do you think
because she didn't have a very high
quality camera that was part of the fact
that she got so many good shots as well
yeah yeah you're being watched if you
have like a che camera so the book is
really about her friend's struggle for
in Demasi and understanding and I feel
like the narrative is like this really
big roller coaster of emotions because
there are so many like very bleak and
depressing moments friends die dying in
it
and the people that are left behind
afterward coming to terms with the fact
that their friend has died but then
there's also joyful moments in it as
well a joyful moment so yeah I think
it's amazing and a really unique look I
mean it was unique at a time this sort
of photography is done quite often
nowadays people photographing their
immediate family their friends I did it
but at the time it was really like
nobody had ever done anything like this
before
and especially in a way that was this
raw and intimate so yeah I think it's
great definitely give it give it a try
if you fancy lots of pictures of people
looking sort of mysteriously into
nothing like wandering life so if you
fancy a life ponder give this one a
crack there's a lot of desire and a lot
of nakedness in it as well cuz you know
it's roaring is intimate you know it's a
tasteful nude and me I one of the books
that I have really enjoyed and continue
to enjoy because I haven't purposely
haven't finished it and it's
girl-on-girl art in photography in the
age of the female gaze I took the dust
jacket off Craig's I'll tell you why it
was really ugly how you say you
purposefully haven't finished it no no
no the reason is the COS lien is
currently reading about 25 looks similar
over I love like just dipping into this
and reading two of them because I think
I'd find it quite overwhelming if I read
them all at once too much too much
feminism but yeah I cover up this I'll
be honest because I really didn't like
it so if you google this it will have a
different cover but this is what it
looks like under the dust jacket and I
really love this that's cool so
basically the concept is because so much
art and photography has been shot with
the male gaze in mind and with like the
patriarchy at the overarching like kind
of driving thing behind it not true no
no no wow that was me saying yes so it's
really about the agency of female
photographers and female artists and the
way they want to look at and experience
the female body so a lot of it like in
some ways I guess doesn't look that much
different falafels like male photography
the sentiment behind it
the women gaining agency over their own
form and vision was that well explained
who can say yes ma'am so yeah there's
lots of amazing shots in it this one's
one of my favorite ones I think that's
really clever really beautiful that
one's by Amanda chargin she does lots of
ones where she kind of weaves women
around nature and kind of does loads of
stuff with kind of integrating them into
the environment
this one is Nagar Brown she did a big
series on hair and like the kind of idea
of grooming and behaving so she does
lots of kind of width tough around hair
burning hair like dunking hair and
things the kind of idea of like the fact
that this hair looks gross to us but on
a head it looks fine a few pages like I
always come back to you are the ones
from Pixie meow-meow and who has this
series called
how could you treat your boyfriend like
that and it's like these images that
like to us look kind of weird like her
in them in the dominant position in the
relationship and kind of using him as a
prop and like to me I'm like oh that
looks really weird but I don't know why
and I guess it's because I'm used to
seeing the reverse and that not being
weird walking into an art gallery and
seeing like women kind of strewn over
men without any agency or facial
expression of me thinking that's really
normal so I really like the way she kind
of plays at that I think it's really
interesting oh yeah she says my
boyfriend is Japanese and I am Chinese
our cultural backgrounds are similar but
also vastly different in certain issues
our relationship was our ship now is
still affected by the relationships
between our two countries which i think
is like is really fascinating we love to
read more about her so yeah I really
like it especially as I am a beginner
photography reader see ya and also and
also a girl woman woman but you know see
ya I really I think it's really cool and
then more stuff should exist like this
and this one was it game like quite
affordable I think it wasn't too much ok
we're done with that one yeah okay cool
but my second and final book is a period
of juvenile prosperity by Mike Brody
this is also my favorite photo book of
all time it's so
is huge like coffee table book so one
thing I'm not a fan of is big photo
books lots of people like them and it's
good because it's like impactful showing
the work should I get big but I'm like I
just like little books I don't know why
I just enjoy them more papers they will
eventually die out because people stop
having coffee tables who has a coffee
table this big anyways a period of
juvenile prosperity I always struggle
when I am trying to explain what it is
that I love about this book but I like
it taps it into something and I think it
is emotion like whenever I follow Mike
Brady and his group of friends as they
train hop around America in the earrings
are about one meter across a one two or
nine to to purchase these incredible
time on day erry without giving too much
away about this book because I feel like
I could talk about it for hours but it's
probably best described like very simply
and it's that it feels very cinematic
and you know it's still images but
there's something about it that feels
very much like you're there with him he
is shooting on a 35-millimeter camera
and also a Polaroid camera and he's just
literally just taking pictures of him
and his friends as they are train
hopping across the states with no real
sort of direction about where they
really want to be going they just sort
of pop on trains and off they go
and it's the stuff that they experience
along the way the way that they survived
the way that they get food the trouble
they get into with police and it just
feels like it sounds so pretentious but
it feels like a movie but it's like a
photo series you know you're right there
with him and you're really experiencing
it also he's such a good
photographer as well the like he shoots
on really you know not amazing quality
gear but there's a way that he's able to
capture things and frame things and use
light you know it's all natural but
there's a way he's able to treat it's
the treatment of the work that really
just works and makes it I
it's just so difficult to find like a Oh
way of describing it but yeah that's
it's pretty dodgy one here women don't
do that it's sort of very you know the
images you get that are really popular
on tumblr either like oh my god serene
beautiful these pictures that are like
ah life living in London wouldn't that
be picturesque and it's sort of like
that same idea but it's like no no no no
you see each stage of the journey and
you see actually happening so it's like
he's living a movie you know but it's
all it's all real it's all documentary
photography so it's it's mind-blowing
and it was like a real significant find
of mine and I feel like I learned so
much from this book so that's it wow
it's heavy cause it's heavy with some
good photography yeah we're done you can
go on now please recommend at least
recommend me more photography books in
the comments below because I'd like to
find some ones that I like might seem to
be quite a fussy customer everything
music photography that's a rule let's
say that chop chop now come on we've
been filming 23 minutes cos t / vote for
Craig Craig in the British Photography
Awards incredible Craig works really
hard is ridiculous so yeah and thank you
so much for watching subscribe if you're
new here do subscribe to create here the
know is they own photography Channel
yeah and thank you for watching and I'll
see you my next one you ever say it
oh um frogs no go
go yummies
