so sometimes one-sided conversations
like youtube activity a kind of view so
because i feel like if you were here and
you were talking it would be like
reverberating through my head like
shrink away like no with the talking
even my own voice is kind of killing my
head right now so i went to like the
official kind of google or youtube party
in the google offices last night and it
was kind of like walking into the
capital not the capital like capital
city like capital as in like Hunger
Games ah I've only been to the studios
once before and they're fucking flashy
right which is cool big respect for
Google for doing that and like every
room had a different theme and like
everything's there was like trees in
there and like props and like rooms and
open bar and it was very like and
everyone looked really important and
though everyone's taking pictures and
flogging and I was like what is this I
really enjoyed I just want to say I put
out there first I really did enjoy it
physically I'm kind of regretting all
the free alcohol now look beneath the
blanket and still wearing clothes from
yesterday it made me think about it made
me think about how we youtube's changed
on the time I've been here I met a few
people who are like ah so you've got a
YouTube channel how long have you been
doing you too well I'll tell you
stirring stranger for years and they'll
always had this like they had this
reaction where they were like oh that's
like a really long time looks like is it
at the moment the YouTube community did
a lot of people who bit like they've
been doing videos like six months or a
year and they've blown up really big
dozen people were doing it for like six
or seven years so when they kind of
collide it's like each party is confused
by the other like the people human doing
it for a really long time and maybe
aren't really famous and like oh this is
interesting you're like king of a world
that you weren't even aware of a year
ago how interesting for you how is that
affecting you and then like the people
who haven't been doing it very long and
I can't imagine what it's like to have
been doing it that long and just made me
think a lot about the way the
communities change and I don't know if
you agree with me here but I feel like
we've become very horizontal 19 year old
me would've been like I'm at a party in
the Google studios and like I still want
to be psyched for that tiny little
teenager inside me
I'm personally I'm just looking around
it was party being like these are just
all people and like every time I've met
somebody real from the internet like ah
so you're a person I had some really
really valuable relationships come out
of YouTube to name but a few the
welcoming bosoms of say sana meron and
rosianna one unexpectedly got a job in
London I had to move straight away they
welcomed me into their home and their
lives and their friendship groups and
their activities but I will forever be
grateful for that and I think I've made
a lot of genuine friends from YouTube
but when you prevent somebody for a
while you know that thing where people
go how did you guys meet and you have to
kind of stop for a minute and think
about how you met I thought about that
common occurrence and intermingled with
the experience of being in the Google
studios and kind of like networking with
people which is weird because actually
the only thing I haven't come with
people i also have a youtube channel i
make videos videos on a thing I mean
they are a thing they're capturing a
thing they're not a thing in themselves
do you see what I'm saying so for me to
arrogantly an automatic do you think
that I have a affinity with all the
people who make videos is a very strange
concept when you think about what video
actually is when Google obviously move
towards making great relationships
between creators and kind of making a
horizontal if you like kind of community
from why I've seen this with some
awesome friendships and some awesome
collaborations between people but I
think it might have made us forget about
the vertical you know isn't a playing
field or it's like all kind of content
creators have similar interests and all
should all be friends it doesn't make
all the kind of other parties I've been
to an ass humans like full of maybe like
there might be full of teachers
politicians people work for charity the
way I see it is that I could find an
affinity at any party and if anything
the kind of multiple interactions I've
had two people from the internet teaches
me but also having youtube channel is
only a starting remark it's not even a
starting conversations just starting
remark I you know meet you channel cool
let's get to note sure there is humans
and a lot of people can't do that and
that's not SAT and whether I like it or
not the multiple kind of interactions
I've had with lots and lots of people
who also do YouTube over the years has
gone one of two ways either we never get
past that initial observation of like oh
you make youtube videos I make youtube
videos cool i'm gonna this person over
here hey i'll be back they never come
back never comes back oh you know use
that arbitrary algorithm of
ridiculousness to then talk about other
things before you know you're sitting
with the matter am drinking cider and
plastic bottle and wondering about
predestination and relationship if you
know one of two ways each way is ok I
think it's interesting that the bigger
you become on YouTube the more you're
encouraged to socialize horizontally
what you get is this room full of
youtubers who all don't necessarily even
watch each of those channels which ever
way you play it scientifically I'm Way
more likely to have something in common
with you if you watch my videos rather
than if you're somebody who also makes
videos and I wonder if the value of the
community is being dictated by a number
and not by a common interest what do you
think about YouTube has it become to
horizontal and not vertical enough when
I say vertical I mean like working
through people who are like also
watching your content and contact like
yours rather than like people who may
content you know in some ways I don't
make videos like this sometimes because
I think its controversial or it's going
to be like oh it's gonna create wave
start the community but I'm like really
what could eat like what community we
talking about because people that I have
genuine and relationships with will also
want to talk about with me because I
think it's interesting and that's
literally it no judgment I think talking
about YouTube on YouTube shouldn't
always be controversial it should be
part of the process it's meta man liver
metalife for your thoughts I don't know
