hi everybody and welcome if you don't
recognize who this is he was you
off my channel no this is sana and she's
from books and coils we have both picked
five books that we think the other
person should read or forcing them onto
yeah big the other person if you want to
be my friend
yeah you have to read a pair and you
guys can be the police like if we never
view these books each other's channels
and no we did only classics yeah well I
like to think they're modern plastics
for the future the first one for me well
their libraries are quite it left only
ninety pages long good like emoji make
sure and I chose console by this just
just just because theoretically I was
like how did a publisher publish them
it's something in hardback there was ten
pounds and only ninety pages long by an
unknown authors her first book so I was
like this hostel good a translations I
thought you'd be interested in that
you're learning French at the moment
right that's my friends and it's a
really nice page where it's a
translation but you can still kind of
tell it's very French about the
librarian who gets shown the library
with like an unknown character and it's
been written in second person and she's
kind of telling us about life but I
think you've enjoyed also because it's
there's lots of likely references the
Dewey Decimal System and another wife
have like the most like French history
and yeah I just think actually enjoyed
but John Steinbeck's Of Mice and Men
some of the American classes of roads
like heaven lived up to the hype fears
one definitely did I loved it also a
short 120 pages this one left quite an
impression on me so you can see what has
been faced with that I know you feel
sometimes day way I'd say my throw up
great American classic yeah if you like
this on the night yeah no this was like
I thought this was genuinely good it's
very like American dreamy as most you
know great American novels are so on the
second one I've got is atonement oh my
god there you own this this is my
contract I've heard you talk quite a lot
about like war novels that you really
like I think the period would interest
you but then also just the writing I
think you also appreciate very good
writing it's the closest I've ever found
to like a romance that I'm like I
believe this very silly yes but because
it's mostly from granny's perspective
like that's what's really really cool
and I've you near her voice more so I
think I'm reliable Irish is as well and
just
Hitchhiker's Guide to the galaxy it was
told a recently and I dragged her to a
Vogon poetry slam where we had
electic garkel blasters on her birthday
if it doesn't mean anything to you can
obviously need Theresa yeah I still
really enjoyed the motor we folded
towels it was fine I felt like I wasn't
indica the ignorant peasant but I like
tried to explain the main storyline to
her yeah no I was so annoyed I was so
bored this one is the one I gave to your
birthday you haven't read yet but that's
totally fine that we can move past that
but I've really actually been watching a
very new booktube collab channel which
are linked below who have been reviewing
this for them it's really really give
good reviews about it and as an exercise
basically God all right this years ago
but I've actually read it like three
times afterwards how do I travel yet
because I'm like I don't know how to
make a video this like baggage it's a
literary graphic novel so now you're
living graphic novels at the moment but
you also are very food person so I think
this would be a great at it so I'm
grabbing a ball or a bit just like flat
yeah good kind of portrayal of like
family relations and it's very and if
they talk about the Odyssey in it quite
a lot and I just feel I feel like you'd
be on board three shadows by Cyril
Pedrosa this was one that was
recommended to me by one of my Dutch
friends who draws comics I love rajee's
the drawn stone it has like the like
edges it's about a dad and a mother and
like one day these three shadows show up
it's basically like a symbol for death
like start running from these three
shadow they have to come to terms with
what's eventually going to happen which
is like even the drawing style of it
just from here I'm just a little bit
Craig Thompson where there's lots of
guys like creative like it has a bit of
a kind of pirate oh yeah oh yeah okay
good good we touch it this one is mouth
this is probably something that loads of
those people have talked about it's
something that I probably would picked
up myself just because the drawing style
would probably wouldn't be it so thick
but I'm kind of like now I want it to be
beautiful but I think it's a very
conversational graphic novel but you
don't need every picture to be very very
well drawn to see that's what makes it
flow very well I think as well people
say like all the kind of heads of the
characters are mice and the Germans are
cats and it's very like it has a lot of
symbolism in as well because it's told
from the sun's perspective it's no other
one is novels I always love like war
novels that aren't told from the person
you want
but that children anger and that
generation seeing is really the filter
of like your like your parents yeah but
you bought this is also your copy so
this is recommended to me when I was
doing my young adult course in America
and this is the one that librarian just
like that freed yes okay then I have one
that I actually haven't finished yet and
halfway through this beautiful edition
of Lolita the writing is like gorgeous
as one of those were like oh my god how
do you make these sentences how like
candy but then it's so creepy cuz it's
like about this guy who just is obsessed
with young girls and one young girl in
specific and he becomes like her
guardian her like her dad basically
special content
come on has like that description was
beautiful on the other hand he's like
sitting on a park bench like checking
out young girls this was like women his
age he's just talking about how disgust
it is by like their armpit hair and
things like that just like things that
signify maturity but I love the movie
bone so I feel like I can deal with that
yeah like if yeah if you can deal with
this it's definitely worth it so the
last one I've got I'm taking off the
dust jacket because this is the love of
extreme I don't love them and I know the
really love jaar green so I feel like
it's in the same kind of genre s kind of
thing as that but this is actually an
adult book I'd say it's shelved in both
sections but it doesn't contain any sex
or violence or something but just
because the subject matter is about two
people who are in love her a little bit
older so I think it's very pretty like a
why every day oh yeah definitely good
for a read it's really really fast to
read it took me like two hours and go to
the alphabet and every entry is kind of
like something has a word like
fabrication they're very very small
entries Mary's more like snapshots of
the moon' relationship like it's quite
fundamental also very tasteful and not
too in-your-face it's maybe quite a bit
well yeah I think I think you'd be on
board I feel like and books that have
like a self-imposed structure they're
not there's not just like chapters or
like yeah linear kind of events Maze
Runner by James Dashner
it's about this boy who wakes up in the
middle of a maze there's a group of boys
it's kind of like a mix up with Lord of
the Flies coming in there games is yeah
just like a lot of different things I
think I'd like a nice list
whatever the mix-up but anyway y7 is
made turns out these boys have like
arrived one by one
and they just wake up there they have no
memory of their life for another in the
middle of this maze and every day the
doors to the maze open and they get to
go out into the maze and they send out
runners like the maze runners who try
and kind of chart everything like figure
out how the maze works so they can get
out but when the Sun Goes Down the doors
close and if you're stuck in the maze
there's these monsters there that will
just kill you and like so these boys
I've been living everywhere like going
out to the maze every day and like
writing down like what the maze looks
like and it changes every day you have
des class that's some kind of like
fantasy so I thought I would you say
it's like twice yeah the world isn't it
went into like just oh it's dystopian
okay yeah thank you so much for being on
the channel no problem I feel like I'm
on Richland you do something I'm again
thank you for coming into the studio
okay but I have you like to help our
channel and it will be linked below
check out all the books from yeah check
out all the roles I won't list them all
below it's very very exciting
