hello god it's me margaret halo 5 week
it's me Lena so just bring in the
British Museum after work casually in
fact it's still here look I don't like
staying too long max I feel like it's
really overwhelming but and what's nice
about living near it is that you can
just gonna pop in see one thing fucking
leave so I was like he was really
special kind of statue of Aphrodite
which i think is a copy of a Greek it's
like a Roman statue there's a copy of a
Greek statue second century AD and it's
fucking beautiful but that doesn't
really set it apart because we're in the
British Museum like it was one of
Aphrodite kind of crouching which is
quite a famous pose for her I think this
on a few bars and there as well it
suppose to be catching her in a moment
of washing and she's coming like trying
to hide her body from the viewers it's
kind of putting you immediately in the
position of the viewer and which kind of
makes you all feel a little bit pervy
which things the point pervy isn't
really probably the technical
sociological term but that's what makes
you feel makes you go crazy I love it
from a lot of perspectives one because
you know exactly it assumes she's God
but she just washes is that old Gilbert
and George aspect of the gods that even
the Greeks and the Romans recognized
which I really really like it's like
making a statue of Miley Cyrus pick an
event i mean really interests me as the
boy dressed it comes back because me of
union or not voluntarily it is very
appropriate for this vlog because i
think that's probably the first vlog
have ever done proper public public I'm
stuttering oh god certain people okay
well i just looked at good eye contact
there oh god well if it was interesting
even is just trying to hide her body she
was actually not doing a very good job
you could see things and she what she
wasn't being successful I was like kind
of like it was supposed to capture that
moment of like spontaneous like all
don't look at me and I feel like that's
what a lot of kind of activity on the
internet for people who aren't SP were
don't upload to YouTube that's that's
their kind of initial reaction is like
oh god don't look at me no I'm not gonna
put my stuff up there people will see it
it's not good to share your personal
life on the internet and that's
something that I've been worrying about
lately because of you know like
professionalism and YouTube and like oh
this is my favorite hobby but I don't
stop it but I want to compromising with
your ear and it made me really think
about that kind of like spontaneous
aspect of like covering and what that
really cuz you know actually I think the
stuff that I can expose on YouTube and
stuff I think maybe just small get some
harm okay sometimes I look like a twat
and sometimes before we deliver a
professional and I swear a lot but I
feel like on balance and it's that
initial I want to shy away from that
initial gut reaction of what all don't
look at me because when I can for Dottie
I don't think I really succeed in hiding
myself in general because that's the
kind of person I am and I
that's how the world should be a little
bit more exposing because privacy is
born from a place of suspicion and
sometimes that's efficient is very very
well placed it was really a lot of
fucked up things as well but the same
time I think trying me trying to stop
making these videos which be
counterproductive because I ever want to
spontaneously share my life with people
and that's how I wanna spend it and then
sets of journalism or writing or that
you know it being off the rim writing
about your most intimate experiences is
encouraged and something but if you want
to blog about your breakup on the
internet somehow not is called and so
yeah that's Aphrodite taught me today
thanks Aphrodite this has been a very
voyeuristic episode of in it oh it's so
met like I watched a statue that knew
that I was looking and put me in the pic
of the viewer now I'm talking about
being viewed outside while I'm being
viewed oh my god oh my god this is to
matter must stop
