so you want to work during university I
did many people did many people don't
it's all accepted here it's like grace
we're fine with it now however there are
a few things you should think about when
deciding whether or not to apply for
jobs during university I didn't have a
job during first year I had two jobs
during second year third year I had the
foresight to have a balanced one job in
that year so I think I've quite good
overview of what it's like to and to not
study Jordan in messy so I'm gonna tell
you the bad points about working during
University one you might not have as
much time for societies as you would
like I'll come on to the kind of duality
of that in my good points but it is true
that during the time that I was working
I wasn't really part of societies or I
was but it's just kind of turning up to
the socials and first year is it a
really really fun fair to show full
monty musical and that was really
awesome and but it just wasn't possible
during second and third year which in
some ways is a shame and it's something
to think about if you are quite
passionate about societies another bad
thing is that sometimes you won't be
able to go out drinking with your
friends because you'll be too tired or
you will be working during those times
you might just start a few social
occasions and it's sometimes hard to go
away at the weekend so if you're in a
long-distance relationship or you like
to pop home and see your parents every
now and then is something to think about
once you've got a job you do owe that
job a certain map commitment so it's
important to think about that before
applying but good points in what opinion
the truth about a university education
nowadays is that it's not necessarily
gonna get you a graduate job straight
away when you come out of university
therefore it's really useful to have
skills that aren't to do with your
degree and so that and you can kind of
tie yourself over so that you're not
left with gaps in your CV because you
can't do get jobs that your degree isn't
qualify for it's good to be employed in
general I found in life Wow should make
a t-shirt out that because it's good to
be employed having experience in coffee
shops food places bars and definitely in
retail it's really really useful when
applying for those filler jobs or if
even jobs you might enjoy eventually you
might leave the university decide you
want to start a boutique shop awesome
kind of you want to run a greengrocers
these are important skills you need to
know and ask the middie who now work
from publishing I can definitely say
that my own
standing of business has definitely been
improved by the fact that I've seen
these small businesses run from a very
short proximity I've cashed up I've
looked through the kind of product flow
I've seen how people select start it's
also good because you get used to being
to having a professional and a personal
life and when you're at university you
don't necessarily have to be that
professional at all like even your
seminars are still very much yourself
you're actually in your own opinion
you're there to learn that you are
paying to be there and it's something
that you you don't really have to play
it wrong at university you're not
representing anything else apart from
yourself in the professional world
you're usually representing some kind of
brand company charity whatever you think
you might do also it means that I can
make this faith well actually feeling
like this it also gives you great
practice for getting out of bed and
functioning during a hangover for me it
also meant that it really balanced out
my life especially because and what some
people would deem a menial task though
let's say when I worked at the bar and
cleaning glasses walking tables doing
cleaning jobs those menial tasks really
meant a lot to me because they were kind
of like small achievements where I can
still kind of reflect on life but I was
doing practical is being active I was
still kind of achieving something and as
those of us who have gone through
university know you don't always feel
like your work is something you can hold
at some point Tim EULA I did that I've
done that I've got this and when you get
paycheck and when you clean a table well
or you serve people well or you do all
the cleaning jobs and you feel really
good like those are things that you can
hold it hands and say I did that I
achieved that I have this money in my
hand and then sometimes it's good to
have that as well as the kind of I have
now vaguely explored Marxism and have
written a question really good paper
just gonna sing its pros and cons it's
guitar the balance will not be emerged
in an academic world all the time
because you'll come out of the
university and your only options will be
to do a PhD because your social skills
will be eight sandwiches short of a very
 picnic it's great to keep your feet
in the ground and also mix with people
who aren't necessarily at university
with you well as in Aberystwyth I worked
in a gift shop and I also worked in a
bar and these places I met lots of local
people people of different ages people
of different kinds of walks of life and
that was excellent for me and I you know
sometimes it's weird because you can go
for a really long time University
without seeing a child or anybody over
the age of 30 there isn't a lecturer and
that's weird
it also means I've got loads of local
friends now which means that now I've
graduated from library so you can still
go back to Aberystwyth and find that I
still have like quite a nice group of
friends who are waiting for me so it's
nice time that kind of anchor and the
other thing that we obviously have to
come to is the money
yes it's actually really useful to have
an extra float of money during
university even if like me you're known
does kind of cover the essentials it's
nice to have a little bit extra in your
pocket so you can buy things like this
DSLR this was made during university and
also I saved up all my money and went
across America flew there and then I
travelled from Boston stopped six
different locations and end up and some
ones to go then flew back fall off the
money that I'd earned while studying and
achieving that solid - one that
everybody everybody or not the head out
and go yeah I'll do I nearly got faster
we don't want to talk too much anyway
yes it's hard but it's also really good
way to train yourself into having like
decom part mental life in your life a
little bit bout a boy kind of thing I
should like flit in your life in two
units of time I've got three hours to
write this 500 word paragraph and then I
really need to go to work it disciplined
me and I wouldn't say actually took away
from marks from my degree because I I
really feel like I couldn't have
achieved any more in that time it's just
that I would have taken me longer but
again don't feel bad if you don't know
working during university first year
it's kind of good not to work because I
just got to get to know loads of people
and really ground myself explore work
this new place that I moved to you want
to wear my t-shirts from it's from my
website called truffle shuffle I'll link
it below but I love this t-shirt
nothing paid okay a piece myself this
watch I bought it does the analogy work
if I'm not wearing a watch it's a
Debbie's child but and doesn't matter I
really want to twist one neck
thanks for watching this video is part
of a university advice series I'm doing
click below to see the playlist and I'll
see you in my next video
fine
