I wanted to talk about things so they
didn't know how so I find I'm very
strange relationship with my weight
because of my ridiculous
he's lodged ego this is not a bad thing
is a bad thing as a bad thing
our parents appraised me the appropriate
amount not too much not too little I do
have a very good self-esteem in some
ways I'd say my relationship with my
body
yes is different to that you can you see
in the magazines oh you think you're fat
but you're not you're beautiful
and that's not never already helped me
in fact you kind of complicated the
issue because it was always confused me
the relationship between being slim
obviously I don't want to care about how
I look but then how I look is so
tailored and and tempered and and kind
of twisted up with with the way my body
is that it's really hard to separate I
spend a lot of time trying to lose
weight and I've been to slimming world
and I've always struggled with my weight
in some ways even though my
self-confidence has been kind of fine
I've always struggled my weight in there
and that's because like I cut every time
I try and like slim down and every time
I kind of succeed it's living down I
kind of then catch myself and go
actually you don't need to you're doing
this wrong reasons you need to use put
on weight again because in losing weight
to look good and that's not good and I
don't like the way your body images now
cuz actually sometimes when I was losing
weight my body image was way worse than
it was when I didn't really care about
why when I was not carrying that way I
felt I could feel myself gaining weight
that was also horrible because I felt
like I was treating my body badly all
the time all the time is happening I
kept thinking to myself I'm too clever
for this I'm too clever to lose weight
or I'm too clever to gain weight I'm too
clever to be the fat person I'm too
clever to be the thin person
no because if I was a thin person I was
intentionally then I was being silly and
superficial and I didn't really
understand the complexities of how
viable I was if I was too overweight
then I was trying to prove a point they
didn't really matter how I looked when I
was and I was being that way too and all
that I couldn't control control my
habits and it's just stupid it's stupid
I'm putting my hands up today to say I
have not solved this problem and and
that makes me no better or no worse than
somebody who was anorexia somebody who's
got an overeating problem or somebody
who's just in the middle and really
stressed about it haven't solved it guys
so this isn't a video how to use this
video like I don't underst
and I think a lot of su with the kind of
separation of self when you're like 1314
are completely oversaturated with these
magazines that so-called like helping
you with your self-esteem and you get
love parents and stuff and a lot of like
older kids and some like telling you
things like you're beautiful no matter
what they say or like what matter where
you are you're beautiful you're lovely
you just need to change your perception
of beauty that's true
to an extent I realized this in the same
way that post feminism needs feminism
feminism needs post feminism they're
mutually dependent on each other but is
it a second understanding of those kind
of songs like Christina Aguilera's
you're beautiful no matter where they
say that there really has helped me to
start to uncondition I'm making any
sense no I have a relationship with my
body I am my body I am NOT my body in
any way both is both when somebody is
feeling worthless because of the way
they look if you tell them that they're
beautiful that doesn't solve the issue
it helps doesn't solve it actually kind
of in some ways for me that made that
worse because it still told me that the
way my value was placed on the way I
look and based on that assumption they
were trying to reverse my sadness but
without actually challenging that
assumption that my value is based on oil
look there with the beginning oh yeah
it's fine because you do look good they
weren't they weren't addressing the
direct fear of what happens if I don't
look good and that's what's important
that's why I'm trying to separate in my
mind now after like a decade of having
all this help and I don't need to look
beautiful and to be valued and and
that's what I really needed to
understand for myself not not that I was
beautiful there's a great youtuber
called CARICOM Oscar our most Keira Moss
oh he was also mentioned by making it
here which might be how you've heard
about her she's an awesome channel and
she made a great video about fact that
she'd accepted that she did herself as
ugly and that that was okay she like I'm
trying to it's trying to think through
the fact of being ugly and what that
means and facing that fit I did make a
video about this a while ago but I don't
think I take late it very well I'm don't
think I'm meticulous very well again
what I'm trying to say is we get sort of
false understanding of what
self-confidence is when you lose that
you think that oh okay it's just because
I'm I just have to tell myself I'm
beautiful
I have sand in front the mirror and tell
myself I'm beautiful and then everything
will be fine no it will not because
beauty is something that's so transient
and so horrible and you know you know if
you tell yourself you star in the mirror
and you take away all of kind of
society's images and all the skinny
tanned blonde images in your mind and
you look at yourself and you can say I'm
beautiful that's great but it's a
temporary fix
you Winkle like one of those small
wrinkly puppies on tumblr you will
wrinkle like Benjamin Button at the bad
point in the movie you don't want to
have to go through this every decade do
you being like oh I'm not beautiful oh
wait let me make sure that I think I am
beautiful you will achieve it for a
small time but it's hard to maintain
something like that and what you're in
is your dress is why being beautiful is
important I do understand that we live
in a society where it looks are
important but as I dressed in my last
video they're not always important in
the way you think they are I'm great
believer in trying to live as if you're
in the universe that you want to be in
rather than the universe that you
necessarily think you are like I smile
at people on the bus because I want
people to smile back and sometimes they
do and that's also but it makes me sleep
better and like knowing that I in my
mind live in a place where people smile
at each other in the street in the same
way if you look at yourself as a split
self and you don't always associate how
you look with who you are and whether
people give you a compliment or they
shout in your face or however you are it
can't hit you here because it doesn't
actually think all your values this is
something that I've discovered by I very
very much struggle to practice and so
I'm no we're making this as a kind of
how-to video or this is an amazing I
have conquered chop cotton loses it's
one time I thought was ugly and it
passed that's not what this is drive
through
