friends lovers confidants am I in focus
with my glasses on it's a meta question
the scarf is not for dramatic effect it
is bloody freezing in Britain but here
we are onward the books must be talked
about oh yeah yay oh so I can publish it
and I also get sent a lot of books
because of this influencer online
presence every now and then I pick out
some books that I'm really excited to
read and I get so many books through so
the fact that these books have even made
it to this pile is a real test of their
resilience and natural selection skills
these are outdoor maniacs who have made
it through jungles of random emails
scaled cliff faces of apathy dotted
across minefields of my own skeptical
views of blurbs and marketing and they
are here today to see you I love books
and I would love to just be paid to sit
and read books but anybody in publishing
will tell you died in a job that I in a
job I would love to get these books as
fast as possible but I'm just one human
so I wanted to tell you about them as
fast as possible so you can get excited
with me and when I do read them I will
tell you what I think them so here are
the ones that using my expertise I'm
bettin are gonna be absolute corkers so
the first one is a mermaid why a fiction
now we know that I I doubt I dabble Mya
I don't have a problem with what I think
it's cute but it's not my main genre and
it's not something when somebody tries
to sell me why a I'm like oh yeah give
me the why a like so when I do read why
a nature and when I do when I do read
why a I consider it carefully and I read
probably about 4 or 500 books a year so
this one is one I am reading Luiza near
the surface breaks a reimagining of the
Little Mermaid now there are a lot of
mermaid way books out there there are a
lot of mermaid books out there in
remember the reason this one stands out
to me is because of the phenomenal
reputation of the author Louise O'Neill
wrote one of the best books I read last
year asking for it which is a phenomenal
piece of investigative journalism turned
fiction like it
it's a microcosm of the blame shame and
dangerous slut-shaming culture that
exists in modern-day Ireland and Britain
and the world it's about one very
specific community but it's somehow
manages to be incredibly universal it
doesn't just go slut-shaming is wrong it
explores it and all these kind of like
very visceral I love the word visceral
don't I it's like a very visceral
multi-layered in the same way that the
crucible critiques the whole of a
culture for getting into this hysteria
in this blame and this like this crazy
way that a number of factors in in a
community make people act on mass it's
on it's on another level basically it's
what I'm trying to say so when I heard
that Louise was writing a retelling of
the Little Mermaid I was like give it to
me she says a letter that came with the
proof I want to reclaim the Little
Mermaid I refuse to see her as a passive
victim I want to show her for what she
really is a girl a girl you wanted more
from the world than she thought she was
worthy of a girl who wanted to take up
more space in the world not less the
little moment is one of the fairy tales
this so often critiqued for it's very
strange misogynistic undertones and also
the completely absurd retelling of it in
in Disney because I actually read the
the I actually read I'm sorry reginal
but I did before I saw the Disney film
when I was a kid I read the real story
in this huge fairy tale books that have
and in that fairy tale book that I've
read when I was like 4 and handled it
and The Little Mermaid gets so jealous
that the Prince goes off with this other
woman and marries her who the woman who
isn't a witch just a person just a human
and that she murders them both and it's
just so I even remember like I learn
about the Truman factor very early on
because I thought I remember seeing the
Disney version I mean like what I feel
like I missed out on the Rosie Project
job looking over my shoulder boys I feel
like I missed out on the Rosie Project
train I feel like everyone was like
really mad about the book and I wanted
to be in on it I wanted to be
and I missed it and I feel like this
might be the next thing to be in on it's
like I want something intelligent like
rom-com is what I'm looking for and I
think this might be my thing and I think
that everybody else might also be going
crazy about it very soon so this is the
cactus by Sarah Hayward look how
beautiful it is first of all meet Susan
green a prickly independent woman who
has everything just the way she wants it
45 she thinks her life is perfect a
London flat for war on a job that feels
a passion she uses her mother she gets
pregnant and everything starts to tumble
and what I found really interesting
about this is the author is used to
actually be a lawyer and a lot of her
writing apparently is based on her work
on family court disputes and I think
that I want to read a book that is in
this genre but is about an older woman
and is about this problem of motherhood
and stuff I think that is a fresh way
for me to be enthused about this kind of
commercial fiction and I'm excited about
it it's got great package I love to
Rhodes publishing they published and
really legit so I that's that's the
quote for the company T Rhodes
publishing they published some legit
 it's good professional yeah but
following on from that following on from
that Sheila heti you might have heard of
because she wrote how should a person be
couple years ago now and that was
something that got so much wide acclaim
and everyone was so excited about it
this is her new book it's coming out in
May it's coming out on my birthday the
24th meg and it is a provocative
slightly autobiographical look at the
authors struggle deciding whether to
become a mother and it's actually quite
critical I'm reading it at the moment
and it's very sharp the form is quite
experimental and she does a lot of
flipping coins the opening chapter
asks all these questions and she flips a
real coin to find out what the answers
should be because that is which I kind
of love because it's kind of like how it
feels sometimes like why do people make
these decisions why do people become or
not become a mom or have this life and
not this life and some of it isn't the
flip of a coin so
yes like is this book a good idea yes is
it time to start now and am i handling
my relationship wrong I'm really excited
to finish this and talk about it because
I am so thirsty for honest and
unromantic eyes and discussions about
motherhood and I'm here I'm here for is
what I'm saying I'm here for it Rachel
Cusk
writes this is this inquiry into the
modern woman's moral social and
psychological relationship to
procreation is an illumination of
provocation and a response finally to
the new norms of femininity ready so
ready may 24th also my birthday if
you're a woman on the internet you can't
have escaped ruby tanned oh and why
would you want to I don't know if you
guys remember but last January did a
video called the truth about being
chubby all about my relationship with
food and weight and my worries about it
and to be honest I still haven't
reconciled that completely I have been
reading my way through it and really
just getting comfortable with myself so
I'd love to do some updates on that at
some point but this is a book that is
supposed to fill you with the joy of
food it sounds like a bit of an undoing
of the kind of ways we've been taught to
treat food before this book can tell you
what to eat it won't give you a magic
formula for health and happiness but it
will fairly with joy at the idea of food
it sounds super intelligent it sounds
really funny
apparently she draws on stuff from Nora
Ephron to TOWIE to the Very Hungry
Caterpillar so many people being excited
about this book and I am one of them
incredible packaging as well I have to
say this is nice this is Serpent's tail
and book and it's real pretty now I do
if you remember last yeah the applause I
got really excited about a book and that
really I just I think it's one of the
best books I've read in my life and it's
called when breath becomes air it's all
about a neurosurgeon who finally
qualifies finally becomes this like this
all-encompassing doctor in it you know
he gives up so much of his life to do it
you see the the backstage of like how
much personal sacrifice there is to
becoming qualified as being a
neurosurgeon and very soon after gets
diagnosed terminally his reflection of
mortality on the medical profession
and what it means and and how we you
know sometimes really undervalue it move
move me to so many tears and since then
it's been drawn to my attention that
actually you know men in men in medics
men in the medical profession doctors
and especially kind of like nonfiction
books it's a whole genre now it's a
whole it's a whole thing on its own and
but actually we never hear from women
and we never hear from nurses when it
comes to you books like that until now
the language of kindness is by Christie
Watson I am reading it at the moment and
I've been weeping on the tube I've met
Christie a few times and she is an
incredible author she's already written
lots and this is her look at her life as
a nurse so far it's warm its witty it's
not in any way a sob story but it is
elevating the crushing pressures that
nurses are facing under the Tory
government always underline who it is
it's it's them one of the bases for her
manifesto and why this is important for
everybody is that at some point in our
lives
everybody will be nursed and everyone
will nurse and she talks a lot about
losing her father how that felt
how nurses played a role in that and how
she's been on the periphery of all these
people's lives at these really pivotal
moments and helped them through and also
how kindness is this thing that you know
in in the nurses profession is
professionalized but actually it's
something that we should all be valuing
more be and committing to putting more
resources behind and adopting the the
emotional spirit of the nurse I'm so
excited to finish this and tell you more
about it but for now all I will say is
third um a date for the diaries date for
the diaries Gabourey Sidibe you might
have seen in the film precious and she's
an incredible actress and she has a book
I'm not somebody who's automatically
like yes actresses who have made a book
gimme but she is so funny she is so
funny on every single chat show I see
her on she's so she has so much to say
and I cannot wait for her book this is
just my face try not to stare what a
title
I was also persuaded by some of the
titles of the chapters cruel foot tub
and mermaid tail parade of ugly adore of
one's own well I still be beautiful when
I'm not fat this is gonna be incredible
I can't wait to dip into this and laugh
my heart out and I just think I think
she's got one of the cool ones man I
think she's one of the cool ones I'm not
always into celebrity biographies but
this one is gonna be special
and then finally big bones what a title
for a buck
Laura doctor is one of my longtime
favorite authors and I first read her
poetry collection when I was at uni and
it totally got me through like
everything she wrote a book called
Lorelei that I loved and I've had her
being interviewed on the channel before
and she has a new book coming out called
big bones coming out on International
Women's Day so not very far away at all
meet Bluebell aka BB aka big bones the
body-positive sassy 16 year old star of
this her food diary life story of one
hot summer tuck in for best mates Betty
laughs boys and the Bakke and the best
bacon tart and I'm so excited about this
because Laura has such a way with words
she writes in this way that you can you
can read her stuff and be like Laura doc
will wrote that this sounds like
Jacqueline Wilson's girls out late girls
under pressure series and for a new
generation and this hasn't existed
before and it bloody well should have
done cannot wait to dig my teeth into
this so that is all for the books thank
you so much for watching let me know
what you guys are excited about reading
hopefully gets warmer in this bloody
country I'll leave links to all the
books below and I will see you in my
next one
frog smell go
