of course living in the house but I do
at the moment there are only two theme
options for mugs Harry Potter or Doctor
Who I'm okay with that lately if you
have knows about a random conglomeration
of code videos I've been uploading
lately on this channel I'm not really
sure what you use it for one of the
things I have the mood to use it for and
of late self confidence self confidence
something a weirdly I think about most
on the bus and I'm not really sure why I
think it's because soon seen so many
like film montages of people realizing
or reflecting on buses then now I
actually do that's a self-fulfilling
prophecy I don't anyway it's nothing
even thinking about a lot lately because
I am now in the adult world I guess and
I'm in a very like serious profession
that's not serious but it is I'm less
around people of my own age I'm less
around females frankly I'm kind of out
of the realms of that kind of
post-pubescent self-conscious kind of
stage you were a teenager and you were
so used to those kind of like weird
social dynamics within schools we're
constantly judged on on how you look and
who you know and that kind thing and
then coming out back to university where
it's like less of that but also
completely that and then now coming into
a working environment where nobody gives
a completely different it means
that I now I feel like I'm more in a
decision to kind of reflect on the issue
of self-confidence in my earlier life
and I feel like I'm going on to a
different stage of self-confidence the
difference they'd like which is highly
exciting because let me tell you it was
not it was not fun it was not fun and
I'm a very confident person people
perceive me as very confident I know
that and I know that I in the past I've
kind of mixed up with being an extrovert
which I'm not by the way like I consider
an extrovert to be somebody who gains
energy from being around people and
introverts of people who spend energy
being around people and then have to
kind of go away and recharge and I'm
definitely one of those people like I
can't I'm not scared of being around
people it's just that it's exhausting
it's not because I don't like them it's
more of an issue of communication which
brings me on to the actual topic at the
top of the bar here of the title I I
made it I know guys I'm only like ten
minutes into the video communication
it's how I feel about self-confidence
what I mean says that everything visual
and everything aesthetic is a
communication in some way and I guess
that's why that's where a lot of my
self-confidence and body issues came
from even though I was quite confident
in who I was and what I wanted to do and
who I wanted to be friends with and all
that what I wasn't confident about was
the way
it's it's unusual I know it's it's it's
a very niche problem that not many
people have to deal with I was
constantly worried about the fact I was
communicating the wrong thing with my
body I was very amused as to whether I
wanted people to think that I was
sexually attractive or not and that's
that was that is still a kind of thing
within me where I'm like I don't want to
have sex with all of these people but
somehow in some nasty monster within me
wants me to wants them to be sexually
attracted to me in some way or make I
want to feel sexually available because
that's how society is telling me it's a
good way for me to kind of like look
well I think it's not bad to want to
look that way to feel that way it's
actually kind of irrelevant the older
you get the only time really comes back
is when I go out now I don't kind of go
out with my friends who are girls and we
were kind of like dancing and I feel
like I want to look sexually appealing
even though I don't actually want to
have sex mimicking and that's the kind
of strange reasoning kind of scale
there's like I want people to think all
these things about me I want them to do
want to do all these things to me but I
don't want to actually do them I just
want people to want to do it I have a
friend called Hattie and we're really
really good friends the way we met
actually is because we we only discussed
our later date when we met we kind of
both looked at each other saw how it
sure that were dressed and thought all
new friends with her I'm gonna be
friends with her and we kind of like
friendship poached each other because we
kind of like we were in a big group a
few times your business or they were
like we'd get on and we kind of could
tell that from the way we looked is that
superficial I don't know tell me down
there but it's interesting because where
we've been and other social situations
we've kind of like seen a girl from
across the way always we'd like to look
at somebody and we're kind of like we
should be friends with them let's be
friends with them we try make friends of
them feel like friendship crushing and
we do it a lot with people because
they're like oh we think we'd be friends
with them because of the way they look
now these people may or may not be
pretty they may or may not be sexually
available but from the way they look the
way they hold themselves the way they
dress we can tell that they are
personalities that we will get on with
growing up in a kind of connect within a
certain style of Christian community
means that I'm I grown up around it and
I interact a lot with with women who
don't wear any makeup strategically they
don't choose the way they dress and they
don't care about clothes they wear
strategically and the key word I'm using
here is strategically like they don't
they did just not care about the way
they dress and then it just
not wear makeup like they strategically
like they don't wear things as a
statement and that also tells me
something about you like you're not
escaping that and and in some ways I
find it really helpful when people dress
it's like pet personality like their
preferences if you don't care about
clothes don't care about clothes wear
anything tell me something about you and
maybe I'll still wanna be friends new
because that is also something that
interests me part the reason I was
attached to my fiance when we first
mates because he clearly didn't care
about the way he looked from from how
are you Dresden and that was that was
cool I wanted to know that person with a
strangely stretched kind of mossy puke
color jumper back in three-quarter
length jeans that didn't really fit part
of the messages he was sending me well
ones that that interested me because I
was like well if you're not thinking
about clothes what are you thinking
about I want to know everything you do
communicates the message and you just
have to pick the message you want to
give out to people and that's that's the
fun like that's the part of writing the
letter that's the part of telling the
story is to kind of find out what you
want to tell people I stuff and try and
be freaking truthful I'm not afraid to
sexual but I'm sexual in the right
context but I'm not a very sexual person
generally and I only really want to have
sex with one person now and that's my
fiance so like I don't I don't really
want to look sexually appealing and
that's that's just a phase I passed
maybe when I was fifteen that was useful
because I was looking for a sexual
partner but now I'm not and I don't
really want to say like some days I
dress and I'm worried that I've betrayed
the kind of extra bit side of me because
I've dressed quite quietly I guess and
I've just quite conservatively but I'm
just I'm just feeling I'm having
introvert day I'm not you know we don't
have to express how crazy are my glitter
jackets and my crazy like hippie skirts
and stuff all everyday because I just
don't want to communicate that about
myself today today I'm not really
feeling that way I hope I've learned to
not dress the way I think I am but
actually just to dress the way I am it's
part of being true that as part of not
lying there so I feel weird about
putting on fake tan and and that kind of
thing because I'm kind of like I'm lying
I haven't gone out and Sun yes I have
been in all day reading a book with
false eyelashes it makes feel weird of
the mascara because I'm not just
addressing up my eyelashes I'm actually
lying about the length of them which is
weird Falls nails I don't wanna force
nails because I'm a nail biter and it's
actually kind of part of my personality
and you know maybe some be who I should
be friends with because they're awesome
would look at my fingernails and be like
Oh
Oh bites her fingernails I wonder what
she's nervous about like let's talk when
prayer Oh Oh Sherlock Holmes kind of
like unwrapped that kind of mystery
right at the end of an episode or a
chapter or a little story wherever you
want
the detective kind of always explains
the small things that he's noticed about
somebody kind of little things and
they've led him to believe that the this
this this person is guilty of the crime
in question and that's that stuff like
some a scuffle my shoes or Semana or it
can be just their attitude the way they
dress a certain kind of hand gesture
they made it's an it's an imprint on
themselves or imprint on the landscape
they were made or you know a kind of a
smell that they have or a color of tie
that they've picked because they didn't
have the other type near the time the
dry cleaners because I had human blood
on it
you know people pick up these things and
even if you're not aware of it and try
not to lie with those things I don't
want to buy a Rolling Stones t-shirt
however many times they put it in a
Topshop line because I don't listen to
The Rolling Stones it's very simple
that's the word on self-image this is a
tea with a Harry Potter face on it I am
a girl who is rapidly becoming less and
less likely to get a masters the longer
the cameras on I'm gonna go and I see
yours in fine
