hey plebeian I've another chance
megavideo Asians are really really sorry
as I've mentioned before I think masters
might kill me it hasn't been confirmed
yet but intellectual death is on the
horizon but do you know why so would you
have time to feel now so i'll tell you
why dear reader the magic of the
audiobook abridged bitches taking time
out from Villette to listen to somebody
else read it to me and leave out all the
boring bits the magic in my absence all
asking you on facebook and twitter to
kind of vote for what video you'd like
next and it appears the most of you in
fact maybe all of you would like a book
called just as well actually because
because the amount of like i have a new
books piled when i buy new books up on a
new book pearl it was getting kind of
big and manageable so this is kind of
good pitch you fifty percent of them
have been gifted and then fifty percent
of them i have bought for all of those
on discount I also realized that I own
50 50 books so I haven't read so this is
probably give me the last book call for
a while so absorb it get some coffee I
didn't so I'm just gonna have tap water
but you should get some coffee some
cocoa get a blanket or I'll get a
blanket where's a blanket blankie is all
that can't see it but you know it's
there bit ly chlamydia I got why we
broke up and I am halfway through it and
I basically got this purely for
aesthetics it's about breakup I'm trying
to maybe right egg why a novel about
that maybe I don't know if you know any
teen fiction that basically doesn't have
any sensationalism in it like its Rick
there's no vampires nobody's cold
there's no glitter there's no end of the
world apocalypse set now ish and kind of
um uncen sational in its dealing with
you know just just simple life teen
problems please let me go because I'm
trying to read my way around those at
the moment mba listens why we broke up
by daniel handler who's the guy who
about she have any ticket I think you
secretly know is it we all know
enchanted me from the start it doesn't
have a single color everything looks
like it's been painted on which looks
awesome and in the beginning of every
chapter the very small chapters to get a
lot of paintings is a pain is a little
kind of painting of what they're going
to talk about in the chapter and which I
thought was awesome and basically the
whole the whole premise of the book is
it's a letter we
into this guy called ed from a girl who
say this is why I broke up with you edge
every chapter ends with and that Ed is
why we broke up and it kind of goes
through all these kind of like contents
of this box that she's kept about their
relationship and she's kind of emptying
it and telling him the story point each
one in case he hasn't remembered so yeah
excellent premise so far pretty freakin
good I'm about here another one I'm
halfway through ish a third quarter
third gone girl by Gillian Flynn which
is in the top ten of everything right
now especially crime fiction I didn't
read a lot of crime fiction but me and
my co workers made a pact to read this
that same kind of time so yeah they're
kind of ahead of me now but I'm trying
to read that on lonely nights when I've
got insomnia I'm a little bit of the way
through great expectations because I
have to read this for one of my modules
I got the beautiful cover i have to say
i love these covers I think they're
amazing I probably won't be collecting a
lot of them and just because I just
don't know if I'm gonna make use of them
but this one particularly was beautiful
then I'll fine robbery one's really nice
Oscar Wilde and during great that oh my
gosh the dead penguin classics
clothbound editions please me and great
excitations color please something so
far actually began I'm not usually a
massive fan of Dickens so this is a good
thing as some of you know I work as a
bookseller and this is on half price at
waterstones and I had to buy it weird
things customers say in bookshops
haven't really had time to dip into it
I'm oh I'm sure I will at some point I
feel like this is about this only who
can become more resonant in my life for
longer i am a bookseller well i've
actually read and i'm hopefully will
view for you soon is an exclusive love a
memoir by joe are no garage ann drogyny
and okay can I just redo but because we
I know this is gonna be a long video but
come on we're friends and this is what
made me buy it even though it's not in
fiction section is a memoir I do like
Holocaust things though anyway on a
Sunday morning October east van and Vera
start their day as usual they tidy their
house fira makes effective take to put
in the freezer and cuts fresh roses for
avars in the living room that evening
after nearly 50 years of marriage they
lie down on the bed and take their own
lives he's like the total 20th century
Europe and after raising a family
together they would not accept the words
till death do us part well sifting
through the fragments
family history in an attempt to
understand the glamorous and enigmatic
couple their granddaughter Joe Joanna
dhiraj on imagines their final day amid
their family stories and portraits by
friends she dares to give the voice
they're never mentioned experiences in
the Holocaust and their escape from
hungry during the uprising of 1956
fascinating I finished it it was really
good it probably isn't for everybody I
thought is amazing it I'll review this
in a different video but so good my
brother bought me an awesome company of
animal farm by george orwell don't
actually own this even though i do love
it and i've read it twice cotton but how
did that but don't own it and a really
really likes cover sochi's andrew sarah
from curious cookie observe she sent me
this and some beads for my dreads that
are here he's really nice it was long
why I was in wishlist and she's just a
legend there's a package on my floor for
you Sarah it's over there can see it in
the post soon it's the graphic novel on
with of Northanger Abbey I the
illustrations are just to die for like I
thought the front cover was cool but
seriously just my client just my bag
sauna from books and quills was kind
enough to pull some strings at icon box
and make me enough of a relevant blogger
to be sent this the horror logic on
which are dipped into and I can't wait
to properly read in eight weeks when I
finish all the reading my Master's so
excited dipped into this and I love it
already and the covers recall and I'm
not gonna lie to you I have recommended
it to a few customers even though I
haven't read it just because people like
sauna have read it and they've said it's
good and that's enough for me all of my
best mates rah who you can observe here
she gave her this cheers rawr a thousand
ultimate travel experiences make the
most of your time on earth fully updated
second edition and this is basically
lots and lots of really awesome random
places you can go in the world and cool
stuff to do on them and how to get there
and have already been bookmarking and
turning down pages of stuff like I need
did you know you can see dinosaur prints
in Bolivia if you don't know where to
find me in September that's probably
where i'll be presents from nathan
smiles lots of different random things
but this cool book of with the naked
lady on which doesn't
reinforced the constantly made
assumption that i'm probably a lesbian
awesome there's awesome tattoo book
would tattoos in it and I'm a massive
tattoos daughter I have one tattoo I'll
probably have more in the future and I
love reading about them and this is an
awesome present but how call it girl it
how cool show he also got me a
subscription to new books which is a
really cool new Fox magazine and and it
also kind of can't like occasionally
sends you free books as well so destiny
the first issue came with whispers
underground which is the sequel to
rivers of London which I am still
halfway through I go I will it's good I
don't know why I bought for myself Cloud
Atlas you yeah I already oh i know i
already own it i have got round to
reading it yet and I just wanted to trap
this format they called flip backs and
they're kind of printed on kind of Bible
paper this is like a bunch of page novel
and it's just this small it for your
handbag and so I was like all this work
would this annoy me would this be
awesome and so I would find that out
this is a book that was also on a half
price after Christmas and I've been
watching this book for ages and I I
still don't really know what it's about
but I'm so excited to read it one
because i think it's got the best title
in the world okay the title before i
show the cover the title is what we talk
about when we talk about anne frank such
a good tight I've got so much I've got
so much to say that could be the
beginning of a discussion for me when I
even without them seeing the book that
could be half hour chatting with
somebody easily it's been recommended by
jonathan safran foer by nathan englander
and look at the cover as well isn't the
cover awesome and I feel like I'm going
to like this book we're gonna be friends
I thought it include this in the hall
because i think is relevant and awesome
as the other thing my mom made me a
cookery book and it's got like plastic
kind of wallets in it and she's had
little clip art things for every recipe
and they are like family recipes fig
pies and and other other stuff that it
has permeated the family table so that's
awesome because I don't cook and this
would be a nice weight to motivate me to
I've got a cute little cliff art
pictures with my mom and my granddad's
my grandmas on it oh and that's but most
I think we're all agree and i finally
bought something that I genuinely don't
own because I thought I just own
automatically for thought they might
have been like Greek green glow around
my house let everybody know that I was
the biggest wicked fan of all time and I
should probably own this and then
somebody should probably post it to me
but nobody did so I brought in myself
it's a secondhand copy of wicked the
Gremory which is um look make it great
baby a guide to the stage show and it's
got original scribblings from bar minute
and kind of original notes and stuff but
people from the cast took and cool
pictures and I like to start Gregory
wire and I like to think he's my friend
just cuz he bailed me one really
freaking happy with that it's really
quality as well I got it quite cheap
secondhand oh she sounds really good
that was my book called I like giving
you guys what you need need want so if
you wanted click here I could do that
again sometime click here you can vote
on the Facebook page what you would like
next dog you some choice I hope I'll see
you soon if a find another audio book
I'll totally be there eight weeks and
then I finish all the lectures and
reading for my masters and then they
just leave me alone for six months ago
where phase lolz so yeah hopefully I
have more time then optimism cheers then
