Hey so I wanted to show you more of my
kind of writing processes and assess the
swing I said of do and this is a time at
the moment where that could be kind of
interesting I'm doing something that
I've never done before but it seems to
be very much working for me so I kind of
just want to show you the kind of method
but I'm doing and so basically I have
written a lot of disjointed scenes of my
story and that felt right at the time
and they still do feel right but they
don't really join together at the moment
although I have an idea and I also want
to write a nonlinear story so that can
get complicated and I'm very aware of
being one of those people who write
stuff and then when you read it you
think do they actually have a Leever on
what's going on here because this kind
of nonlinear thing is kind of you know
you won't have an idea that you also
knows what's going on behind the
craziness so I'm trying to make that so
yeah so basically I have written down
all of my um plot story sections I'm
just a little summaries that I've
written and ones that I have ideas about
in my head and I want to write and then
I've written where I think they should
come in the story where think they come
in the linear story and chronologically
and then whether I've written or not
basically and then I've cut them out
into little strips which I'll show you
so this is a strip right here so yeah
I've got Emma smashes a plate and that
scene and that happens after the breakup
I kind of first put them in the order
but I wrote them in and then I've been
shuffling them about kind of
systematically
techniques I've been using to do this is
they these two here I definitely want
these ones to come run after the
accident they fit together and I've kind
of already written one of them and I
kind of know what's going on with that
so one knows two to go to the other so
I've popped a little bit of white
tacking between them to make sure that
when I'm shuffling these two stay
together also as you can see I have been
color coding them so that means I've
been getting these things you can get
these any kind of stationery shop
they're just like very slim sticky notes
in different colors so I've been color
coding them at the side the orange ones
are for ones that are and like unmovable
story points that I want I won't have
grounded points my story that I'm like
yet this will not move and this is the
kind of like guiding kind of matter so
things still definitely make sense and
we learn what we're supposed to learn at
the right time and so they are orange
and they then are allowed to move so
you've got some right at the top here
they're like an introductory points and
stuff that just need to happen and I
also have my one at the end I've
actually written the last scenes what's
kind of course so that's kind of
sticking there and it's going to read
like a kind of newspaper kind of format
the yellow ones are four pieces in the
plot that can move wherever and they're
kind of scenes I don't we know where to
put yet but I think they would work in a
lot of different contexts a lot of
different nonlinear kind of sections and
because they're just kind of symbolic
about the characters
so I've quite a lot of those actually as
you can see so yeah they're kind of
movable and then the pink ones are ones
that are movable but only to a certain
extent because we learn stuff about the
characters that we need to learn at
certain points so they're kind of
staying where they are now kind of thing
at the moment and this technique works
because I can kind of see where the gaps
are in the story and when I read it
downwards I go okay that works
and I'm like all doing like that bit
there and I know that I can swap it
without confusing the plot too much
basically and also I've got um like the
certain yellow and story points that
can't they can't get mixed up one can't
go before the other so here I've got one
and two to make sure that those ones
never get put like this because then
that would be frickin confusing so yeah
and then you know for the other ones
I've got a and B's and stuff like that
and then on these ones I've got ones
that I'm like yeah I want to keep those
towards the end of the book just because
they can retire things together so
that's why they've got kind of downward
arrows and but yeah and I'm kind of just
arranging it in a kind of reading down
here and then region down this way kind
of format and everything in between
obviously I've got a long way to go
because I need some more plot lines to
be honest they're not just plot lines
but like I think I need something that
hinges everything together I need like
something I hate I hate to just put
three in dramati and for the point of it
but genuine IDC needs some kind of drama
but yeah I don't know that's why I'm
doing it right now yeah it's kind of
working for me
at the moment and I hope that was
helpful in some way but yeah I better
get on with writing the story cuz I'm
from
you oh and you must have roast potatoes
and great
