hey guys I've got a really really big
book pool for you that's a gorge and I'm
gonna try to get for it as fast as I can
because already I'm talking about your
inshallah on the path to efficiency but
hoping this fast
I understand how long these videos can
get and I know that you guys enjoy that
but at the same time there's long and
then there's long and you've not seen
what's below that's Cameron hence the
some that I have bought from my course I
don't think I have all of them here but
I am buying stuff for my course
currently because something I need to do
and I read about three to four novels a
week at the moment which is expensive so
if you've ever been on a books calm I
suggest that you keep going on that and
if you haven't been on a books calm I
feel like you should have a look because
really cheap books cheaper than the
second-hand 1p books with the two-pound
AE delivery from Amazon that's cheap
first of all is passing by nella Larsen
and I just finished this and I didn't
really like it but had to read it for my
feminist theory module so I'm doing a
children's fiction module which is like
ridiculous one and three four that are
cold tom by sally Prue which child by
Celia Ruiz uh I read that pirate pirates
it's just called Pirates by silly reason
I was younger I freaking loved it and
I've always wanted to read this and I I
just love the cover and I've always seen
this in book shops like don't know why I
haven't picked it up feeling sorry for
Celia also on I need to read Oh support
the bloody chamber by Andrew Carter
because I've watched your life ages and
now I kind of get staff discount so
Emily Dickinson selected poems also for
my feminist theory also called out
Prince of about this about looking by
got John burger burger about looking by
John burger I also brought to you at
some charity shop because we need to do
that more because it's not very many
good charity shops for books in
commentary so I have not been doing that
but I still feel like it's a good thing
to do shamrocks menagerie which you were
seen in my book covers thing ages ago
though you know I know I bought this
ages ago but I am only just doing the
hall also Cormac McCarthy's the road
which I really like this cover for it so
I was like I want to buy this and also
I've heard really really good things
about this and and I've been read
extracts from it and good things and I
just finished iris and I've just
finished Oryx and Crake by Margaret
Atwood and I love that kind of theme at
the moment so this is exciting
are you my mother
and this should come in Alison Bechdel
there should be a book review up about
her in the book fun home really soon
because I reread that a few months ago
and it was so good it's still so good
and this book has only just come out and
I had to buy it like almost straight
away I was in denial about the price but
it's a graphic novel but it's one of
those like literary graphic novels
that's just so full of words and beauty
and so excited more on this later
look at these Barnes & Noble covers I
got persuasia and I need buy anyway do I
need to buy anyway I'm fairly sure
reading your next term did I just use
that as an excuse I really fugly copy of
persuasion even though it's my favorite
Jane Austen so I thought this and I was
just like I want to buy all the bonds
and neighbors covers although they only
do Sense and Sensibility and Pride and
Prejudice for this which is really
annoying because I want to buy more I
want to buy more this is a hard copy
with a quote from Jane Austen on the
back and it's just full of amazing
although I am kind of annoyed because
the binding is one key on the front I
can be a bother to like send it back but
that's really annoying I hope the pages
don't fall out what I'm like no purple
side days of reading my master Marcel
Proust I love these little kind of great
ideas they called the great ideas series
by penguin and they're beautiful and
I've read the vindications all rights
the woman by Mary Wollstonecraft I read
that George Orwell book sweaters
cigarettes one which is really good and
I read something else but I want to read
them although I'm collecting them this
is a thing I actually got contacted by
the author for this one they wanted me
to read this and they sent it to me and
I thought I would read it and review it
eventually which I will ray um and then
lastly I've done the craziest thing you
can ever do at university and no I
didn't get my stomach pumped I joined
her James Joyce you receives club you
heard me right a joke I know it's one of
those things that cuz it's such a big
book I'm like I want to direct it's like
that and war and peace I just want to
finish it and do it because I'm like
yeah it'll make me look really hard in
the literary world trust me but having a
broken nose as a boxer it just looks
cool shall we everyone do that I thought
you know I'm doing a masters I should
probably know about it sure like you
seized by James Joyce is one of those
things that you have to conquer and I'm
also trying to read my way through 100
books BBC book listing and that's on
there so I'm gonna need to go on with
that this is the copy that I bought from
waterstones
it's penguin modern classics one and I
think it's the best of a bad bunch I
don't mind this copy I think it's quite
good the font is not too bad the front
is not too bad it's just not bad I hope
you enjoyed that book haul and I will
see you very soon
you know what's that I can't do book
calls to my Kindle that mean we should
just no I couldn't I couldn't do a video
for that could have bought laser books
my Kindle but can't do it
no be sad stupid idea
