hey everyone and today I really felt
like doing a book tag we have I have
rearranged my bookshelves my rails how
many beautiful red cushion is what are
your top six favorite book covers here
we go kids
yeah I've realized that a lot of moms
are my favorite read yet because I
bought them because they were beautiful
but I will be reading them and freaking
loving them because I'm theory that the
you should judge a book by its cover and
if it's got a good cover then it's
usually good the first one is
misfortunes you probably saw this in a
whole a long time guess they won't read
it I really want to is my wet lease
taste and just look at the curve of our
parking fast as a woman on the front in
mustache it's just the perfect like
dulcet Pink's and dusky purples and gold
and it's just and the second one you
also seen in a haul very recently that
is my Collins copy of Alice in
Wonderland which is illustrated by
Camille Rose Gracia and it is the best
thing I've ever seen look at that out
look at that out swing look and even the
inside has this kind of beautiful
pattern on it that is just just the
details and then when you take the like
cover off as well it just looks stunning
and I love how its kind of shiny and
kind of matte on the front and it's just
there's just so much effort that's been
put into this book like I felt like I
should have paid more for it it's so
beautiful and that our only ever happens
yeah don't worry about finding these
books by the way on the internet because
I will try and make all of them below
and include their ISBN numbers so if you
don't want to shop online if you don't
want shopping arms and you can go into
your local bookshop and already react
because let's support that and but yeah
this one is weathering heights and oh
yeah it's a penguin edition penguin
classics deluxe edition I'll have you
know and just
I can't even say words this is just the
illustration it's just phenomenal and I
love I love how Heathcliff is on the
back I still haven't read this either I
know it's got the kind of step page
detailing thing on the edges and even if
it's paperback like the innards are done
really really well and beautifully and
I'm just in awe of this book basically
and yes I do know there's a Jane Eyre
copy of this as well
and yes I do like it but I have another
different coffee of Jane Eyre on hold
for me at a book shop that you will die
when you see you will duck you will
literally roll into your grave and pull
the soil over your still decaying body
because it's so good this one I got for
my birthday Nathan got it for me and
well I picked it but the credit is
Angela Carter's book of fairytales and
it is loads of fairy tales but Angela
cotton has gathered up together and put
into one volume and I've read a few of
them and they're beautiful and but look
at that illustrate look at the
illustration and the kind of words on
the front and on their spine are raised
there's a rather lovely red plum curve
in it that I just love but that's not
the best thing you're about to see no no
hold on no but we play we take the cover
off yes like I don't even I've never
seen a front cover that is so close to
this like the color of the pages and
it's just love for they've only indented
the title on the front cover like it's
just it's just a thing absolutely
beauty I really just don't want to
damage the thing it's actually one of
the most beautiful things I own next is
love poems by Carol Ann Duffy this is a
very very slim hardcover the coffee that
costs the hurt when I bought it because
it was just far too weak 13 pounds for
how many pages 54 pages but I was just
kind of like this is to beautify icon
name I wish there was touch a tube
because you'd be well you should use
that for all sorts of things but I want
such a tube so you can touch the front
of this cover the contrast between the
matte and the kind of shiny detail like
with all the patterns kind of feels
almost like velvet and it's just
exquisite to hold and behold and be held
its charm and I love it this is also a
very good book so you should read it
because Carol Ann Duffy is a genius and
then finally is another one I haven't
read yeah this is by Carol birch and
it's Jam racks menagerie and this I've
seen this around loads and I actually
got this much charity up the end but
look how shiny it is you probably seen
this book calls through naturally but
I'm just gonna show you it now but no
good look it's just one of the most
magical like oh I have to dream about
that kind of thing once kind of swirly
soyal foiled and beautiful sheets of
choice of colors book thing no more
words question 2 is what is your opinion
on morphed covers I - yours what more of
Cooper was until I watched sure buddy
else's videos but no discuss thing no
that's my no it's like asking somebody
if they like people in their
mouths no I don't like morphed covers I
think it's disgusting 3 how important is
the book cover very freakin important
the only time that I don't care about
book covers is when it's on my Kindle
that's the only time because it's a
different medium of appropriateness
but in real in RL reading time very
important I'm passionate about this can
you tell and I've recently started
working in a bookshop and I was being
trained by this woman and the first
thing one of the first things you said
to me was like there is one thing you
will learn very fast while working at
bookshop always judge a book by its
cover
if you believe me here are some examples
horrible horrible horrible horrible
no that was horrible these aren't all
 books they're just books that I
don't particularly enjoy and they're
kind of ones that I ordered to my course
and when it arrived when it when it Iraq
when it arrived - like I'm not going to
enjoy that and it's kind of a
self-fulfilling prophecy I do agree in
that like if you feel like I'll go enjoy
something sometimes you just don't but
that's the job of covers to make
you feel like you're gonna enjoy
something and I hunt really hard when I
know I have to read a book I hunt for
the best cover I can find and like for
instance and this is a book I didn't
think I was gonna like but not gonna
cover and look at all the illustrations
and it actually was a really awesome
book that's the regular lot by Alexander
Pope if unless you're wondering even if
it is a self-fulfilling prophecy and a
chicken and egg kind of thing it's
something good to do for people who
don't like in-laws and I fighting for
the experience and the aesthetic of
having an actual physical book fight for
a good cover as well because wanna go
the whole hog like I don't understand if
you're gonna have a physical book may
she kissed a beautiful one if you're not
gonna have a physical book that's not
very nice and kind of athletically
disgusting read it on your Kindle that's
my opinion what kind of book covers
drawing you in I have to say ones with
foiling on very shallow of me but I like
Cloud Atlas is over there cloud
there's a really nice cover as well and
that that drew me in like nothing else
and this one's actually got foil on it I
love that one this one's got foil on it
I love foil
I also love ones that are like matte
with shiny bits on like this one and
this one I also love when books and have
this kind of like they're paperback but
they have a folded bit inside that that
really draws me and I know I don't even
know I'm not sure what this corrugated
and side
imitating or badly bound book thing
draws me in or not because I like it but
then it's kind of hard I don't know yeah
and also illustration books as you can
probably tell it books with actual
illustration on the front make me go ah
or a really cool photograph a really
like cool photographs yeah
what are your book cover pet peeves yeah
I really hate these Penguin Classics
once I have loads of these and I think
they're really well I just hate how they
look all at the same and they have this
kind of cream thing to them and
generally they have quite badly chosen
paintings on the front and I think that
and they're also Pamela well sure
actually surprisingly really enjoyed it
even though it's completely not my genre
and just not my kind of thing but I
actually really really enjoyed this and
I left the lecture I had this to do with
this but this is just such a murky
painting to pick and it's just of all
the things you could have picked I also
hate ones with 90s pictures on the front
like this copy of Waiting to Exhale can
you picture anything more embarrassing
like I don't even I know it's in the
nineties but now now I feel for now and
it I just don't like it it's part of
history but it's not a great part of
history and then also like covers like
this which is the enriched classics
pocket book edition of Mark Twain and
roughing it just the yellow and the blue
and the clashing colors and it's just
not fun and I hate this kind of like a
book should be one color or have a
unifying color around it not all these
kind of blocks of know also fonts
like this which I could do on word no I
also just hate the look of the women's
book table you know why mean the kind of
white cover with the kind of like italic
curly writing that's really predictable
and it's to go Scott it's awkward
pictures of like people's feet or like
the like beach things or like just
random assortment of like abstract
pictures and also the pain books
hey there was actually a section in
water toons called pain literature and
it is about people who write about their
horrible childhoods and pictures on
those are just they're just so random
and like they try and make them look at
home no II like short descriptions or
long ones
I would like world a short description
in here where I can just flick and just
skim read some beautiful words and kind
of make my own concern here but on the
back I would like a more in-depth one
possibly like this one's quite long
quite like that less kind of quotes from
other people no I like yeah quite long I
think but then an option of a short one
it's not good enough that kind of answer
good I hope you enjoyed this I certainly
enjoyed this but that's because I like
spurting my own opinions about things
that I don't really know about and we
know are your favourite book covers are
as I said I will try and link the ones
I've mentioned below and I will see you
next time
