hey guys I want to do an empties video
today we don't allow empties videos are
they are videos where you show the
products that you have used up and you
tell everybody what you think of them
which is actually more accurate than a
kind of like you know after you've had
it for a week kind of review because i'm
actually finished the whole product i've
used it also i've spent a lot of time
with it and I kind of know what's going
on this is very overdue I'm swimming in
an absolute sea of products down here so
I'm gonna make them as fast as I
possibly can now if you haven't noticed
which I'm sure you have I've done my
hair again and this is the dire I always
use i'm pretty sure always test on
animals it's the only thing I really
make proper exception to when I'm
looking stuff to buy because and i only
have found one of the ginger-haired I
that's really and available to me
without getting online the other one the
other one that is quite widely available
is the superdrug one it actually dries
out my hair quite a lot and it has it
has a different color to this one and
you know maybe I should buy that one but
i feel like the quality isn't the same
and it doesn't really look after my hair
as much i find my hair is a lot more
damaged after i use that and so the
moment i am buying this and you know
obviously I live with the preference of
buying stuff isn't test on animals every
now and then I make a relative exception
and this is one of them and there's
actually a very very good product it's
L'Oreal fierros mango intense copper and
it's very very nourishing and the color
is quite red actually I feel this is a
very red ginger at first but it does
fade more into a curve and yellow a
ginger which is what I like more looks
more natural than you know the other one
but I actually like when I was in really
was in San Francisco but when i was in
San Francisco I'm i was in urban
outfitters there and this woman had the
most amazing hair color and i was just
there for ages and i went in the next
day because i was like it still like a
hair color but I'm too nervous to ask
and in the end I did ask her what she's
and she used this and i've been using
ever since and I do really like it and
yeah next to body washes and this one is
from Asda but it's the ends bar fruit to
on and it is a coconut I Scruton one and
it smelled amazing I don't really have
much opinion on shower gels because and
they're just shower gels and they clean
you like worst you want and but yeah
this is really really nice smelling and
that's for mazda and this is a
possibility one that i got from savers
for a pound these both pound and this is
the gingersnap cookies one and it oh I
really wish that it wasn't ridiculous
that I don't throw out this bowl because
it smells
good it smells like gingerbread men and
it and they also have the recipe of how
to make it on the front so might make
the recipe for a trimmer bottle away
actually you'll notice that the numbers
make it by the way because I don't use
it make it very fastest a lot of faith
white and simple kinds of skin cleansing
white nice but not to wear and not
really worth the price boots essentials
cleansing wipes so good and so cheap was
like 343 pounds and they stay really wet
for a really long time and they take off
your makeup really easily so i really
like those i'll be very buying that is
Kleenex ones all marks for packaging i
freaking love the packaging and the
actual face wipes felt a little bit
tissue e as well which is very strange
and quite nice a bit slower taking off
your makeup generally nice even though i
went by this mess Arthur teacherly
facial wipes by I care which are very
cheap thing they're like 50 p from
savers and they were quite nice I
wouldn't like jump to them again but
they were they were all right all round
not soap & Glory off your face cleansing
light switch me so glory your names but
this was really good because it hasn't
ceiling plastic thing in the front which
is the only one of these it does and I
really love those ones I got a deal but
I probably buy them again just because
they're just so expensive sorry but they
feel financially disposed to buy these
things and you should because they're
really nice I was finishing my breakfast
scrub and my second glory that was
really really nice glory I just said
grubby this smell amazing and it was
really really nice and it's brilliant
really round it's just lovely and but it
was dismal that make maple syrup which
is cool and I love maple syrup but every
day it was kind of reverse which is why
this took me so long to use because it's
kind of like I can't use every day I
just can't whereas some of their other
scripts you can use every day Tosi isn't
my clogged shower gel from leche which
is lovely and it smells like gingerbread
men and i can't wait this to come out
again cuz i think it's a Christmas
product but and i love it or way around
John Frida's sheer blonde color renew
shampoo it's a tone correcting one and i
bought this because i was like oh i'll
light in my hair a bit so that you know
like my roots will be lightened of it I
don't even know what I was thinking no
this just stripped all the ginger out on
my hair which is what is probably
supposed to do and if you have platinum
blonde hair and you want to keep
platinum blonde and you think you know
you want it to be tone correcting this
is amazing and if you saw all my other
videos lately what I was blonde I didn't
dye my hair blonde that was a glittery
just and this shampoo stripping all the
color of my hair which was called but
not what i was planning and irina why
bought it but it's very very good
shampoo and I'll miss it bodyshop spiced
been in a hand wash my mom bought me
this and it was lovely and I really hope
through an offer again because that was
glass so so nice baptiste dry shampoo
tropical I find up to you genuinely is
the best dry shampoo brand I love dry
shampoo because I'm trying to wash my
hair for the color reason obviously what
a massive one in blush flavor at the
moment and I constantly got one of these
because they are they got sorry they're
the best like I've tried the superior
ones they're not was good and you know
lots of other brands actually one that's
about to come up and let's move on shall
we Alberto jeje Arnie glamour hair
morning after dry shampoo and kind of
pistol this product really lovely
packaging i freaking love i might do a
brand / you actually cuz i've got quite
a lot of their product and say below if
you'd like me to brand overview because
i can because i have about four or five
of their products now this smells
amazing it smells like a really
expensive salon some reason the pump has
stopped picking up the leftover liquid
in the bottle of this bottle which has
never happened to be with the dry
shampoo before so that's kind of bad
design and also i just found it left
office of residue in my hair didn't
really clean it in the same way that
baptiste wonders which i believe is
about one man 50 and this one is about
five pounds so I was kind of annoyed
bulldog face grub it's a boys grooming
products and but it rid does really
exfoliate face and I really like it and
it was very reasonably priced and lovely
package rituals Zen sation organic milk
and cherry blossom if you're in the
beauty circles then you will have heard
of this products because it was in a
GlossyBox a really long time ago I used
to get the grocery blocks let me talk
about legs it's always been report two
months and I was like actually actually
I have cider in my ear this is
ridiculous so I quit it because to ice
after they stopped giving away like OPI
products and nice products it really
wasn't worth it it's not really nice and
it foamed really well but I think it
where you tell around 10 pounds and for
a foaming shower gel I read not think it
ever performed and catch a wrinkle in
time day moisture at you see the smiles
on my face now Harley this product catch
a wrinkle in time day moisturizer by
seven glory I missed this so much I did
finish it a while ago now but and this
is a small that kind of white chocolate
orange if that makes any sense you know
I can't say obviously for the effects of
the the anti-aging things because
obviously I haven't got to the stage
where the results of that will probably
show and but it really sank into my skin
so well and it was non greasy even
though doesn't even
that is really good because I hey greasy
probably so I hate them so I'm really
first always buy a lot oil-free
moisturizer because i hate this and I
hate oil basically unless in my cooking
I really miss that and i hope that i
will buy that again even though 10
pounds i have a lot of moisturizers at
the moment i really need to finish up
for about another one of those oh my
estee lauder sensuous perfume uh-huh
I've been saving this like I only use it
when i'm really going out somewhere
nicer I want to feel really nice and I'm
feeling really down because so expensive
but oh it just smells like awesome warm
old houses and just awesome old lady
nurse and I just love it and it goes
smell it if you like it goes man if you
really like like sense that you smell
like flowers and wood and stuff but
everybody else is like your smell like
an old woman going to run it because you
can be in our club where we smell like
old people and love it that was all my
empties let me know if you enjoyed or
did not enjoy this video and if I should
do more because this is accumulation
over quite a few months actually now and
I'm still yet to finish any makeup so
and thanks for watching and you'll see
me in the next video bye
