hi my name is Lina and I like books I
mean really like books
but it hasn't always been this way I
wanted to take a moment because it's
World Book Day coming up and I wanted to
take a moment to journey back to a very
pivotal pivotal bullhooks ever evidently
benefited me a really pivotal period of
my life where I turned from being a kid
who liked everything and nothing all at
once and didn't really have their own
opinions to a reader for me as a kid the
library was a lifesaver and I'm assuming
for my mom too mainly because the amount
of books she could buy didn't equal the
amount of books that I got to read it
was probably also a great time killer
because you could just leave me in the
library and I'll just go and get lost
and so it was this thing that every week
we'd go to the library and I'd get out
the maximum amount of books which I
think was five and then when I turned
ten I think it went to eight and it was
like the most exciting like day of my
life but I remember just browsing
everything I browse the adult section I
browse the cooking section I browse the
Travel section
oh yes Lonely Planet says Malaysia is
great at this time of year he imagined
tiny Lena but part of the way that I
really got into reading and like started
is because of these reading packs so in
the summer the reading agency they made
these little reading packs and in the
summer and it was basically postcards
that you could collect so every week
you'd come in and you tell them you know
you tell me you need a postcard and and
you can write on the postcard what you
read and it you collect them all and if
you collect them all then you get some
kind of prize I remember these so
vividly and it was like a huge motivator
for me so when last time I was and back
at my parents house I grabbed two of
them and I took them with me
I haven't actually really looked at them
since I made them so let's get into it
this is so they say Kathy because my
name is Kathleen and I used to go by the
name Kathy Kathy Norma turn age 9 and
then this one is Kathy oh my god this is
the other I got metallic gel pens and I
don't know if we've been ten and had
batali gel pens but it's kind of like
ruling the world so this is in 1999
let's see what we've got so pull out the
postcard it looks oh that this is the
weirdest haul you've ever seen so I
write down what I read and
it was I read the dinosaurs packed lunch
it's by Jacqueline Wilson it's about so
you can have like poet it's about a
little girl called Dinah who changes
into a dinosaur and Iguanodon to be
exact
after having a rather unusual packed
lunch with the dinosaur okay
fun fact funky fiction rating I think
this book is good
my name is Kathy novington okay next one
the next one this all the host card
looks like
I read video video rose does anybody
else remember video no this is this is
what this is an iconic children's book I
remember this very vividly video rose by
Jacqueline Wilson a girl who does
nothing else but watch videos but then
she finds her video breaks down
exclamation mark when the repairman came
he gave roads spec shield powers she
squeezed her right hand to fast forward
and left hand to rewind yes as she could
like fast-forward and rewind in time so
she'd be like oh when I get forward mm
oh yeah at the end of the school day or
like you want to go backwards and you're
like I want to do that again legend my
fun fact funky fiction rating was
brilliant I got that out her library
several times
that was definitely a reread I love that
book it's got Teddy on front you be the
jewelry by Marvin Miller it's about ten
court room mysteries it's about ten
courtroom mysteries for you to solve you
get both sides of the argument and see
three photos I remember this and see
three photos of the of the Keene of the
crime you see three photos of the Keene
of the crime called exhibits a B and C
you make the final decision and then
read the verdict oh yeah it was like a
proper that was a proper critical
thinking book I remember that it was it
was quite serious actually but it was
just like the kids in it I really really
like nonfiction even a young age beast
how come the best clues are always in
the garbage by Linda Bailey I did really
want to be a detective or a judge when I
was younger I think that was one of my
things I was like I'm gonna be a
detective and solve things it's about a
12 year old detective called Stevie
diamond yeah I remember this her mum her
workman her mum's work money has been
stolen and she has to find the thief
before it's too late
fun funky fiction ringing brilliant I
just like old books
well maybe I'm like how I am now where
is like if I hate a book I don't finish
it sometimes like you love all the books
you read them like yeah this one has a
poem on it bats in the Attic
who's got Gerty and how can we get her
back I'm getting strong experimental
voice and these nineties titles oh
there's another cipher and the steeper
diamonds life it's about 12 year old
sector girl called Stevie diamond she
and her partner Jesse are being looked
after by Gertie when she disappeared
Stevie has to find Gertie before she
loses her chance to inherit her uncle's
money
fun fact funky fiction rating brilliant
I'm just a very supportive reader
I appreciate anything that people write
and then the last one in this part is
this one I guess I must have just
slipped it in and then like pretended by
finish fluffing my way to the top since
oh wow okay and then it also has a
section that's like don't stop reading
you can list other books you've read
this summer here so I did all right her
head lady Daisy Dickon Smith that book
deconstructed gender and china dolls
before anyone else had the lottery
project classic the mum minder and
double act this is the next one the year
on the reading relay it's called this
year I think cause wasn't the Olympics
that yeah I don't know everyone's very
excited about sport um a little power
look that's some sick Quentin Blake
illustrations oh I was into drawing at
this point apparently I read wanted one
dragon by Beth Webb
so you get options so is it is it a
winner a runner-up or a non-starter and
I said it was a winner winner winner
chicken dinner
I I drew I just drew the dragon it's
quite a good drawing as well look at ya
nothing else to say about that book
apparently so we've got some mice
running
I read Matilda by Roald Dahl which is
also a winner
and then I dream a tilde obviously this
wasn't the year of reviewing for me I
was just like I'm just gonna draw at a
young age I discover the futility of
language I write the voyage of the Dawn
Treader by sea as Louise also a winner
and there's a salon and the boat you see
that frills
Hannah attend would Minnie leaner again
this looks like Where's Wally once and
then the West which brilliant book
Jill Murphy there's Mildred Hubbell
represent oh man I want to do these
again oh the Dare game by Jacqueline
Wilson only got runner-up finally she
develops a critical mind but I did still
draw a picture so there we go and that
was the picture Oh Babar yes get in
that's what we see all these we're like
anyway Harry Potter and the Goblet of
Fire by JK Rowling as a winner
and I wrote exactly how many page it was
and how many chapters it had I was also
very excited here's my artist impression
of Harry Potter and bet the people at
Bloomsbury are kicking themselves and
honor me in a straight the books so that
was my reading Safari and my reading
relay the Sun is getting very bright the
Sun has come out for reading everywhere
not to make absolutely everything
political although everything is
political to be clear I love reading and
it's made my whole life better and it's
made my mental health better and it's
made my career into what it is and it
just it just means everything to me and
I don't think I'd have had that without
well-stocked well staffed open libraries
and a lot of them were closing at the
moment and it breaks my bloody heart
libraries are a safe space for so many
kids there a way to access stories and
ideas beyond the scope or beliefs of
their parents the fact that your access
to books isn't dependent on your wealth
or class or privilege was a game changer
for me it was a game changer for so many
people these reading guides are just one
example of the ways that my library will
enroll librarian commentary was really
encouraging to me and was so patient
with kids running about it working with
these charities to provide these great
kind of little inspirations because
these things feel like small things but
they're actually to a kid they're the
most exciting part of your summer and
and they really mean something they mean
that somebody's handing you something
and go hey you know that you like
reading that's really important I reckon
you can read six books this summer here
you go it's it's there they mean a lot
to to little kids and I just reading
isn't about what job you grow up to have
or whether you oughta merely end up
going down an academic route or a
publishing route it's it's about having
access to other people's experiences
it's about learning to be analytical
it's about not looking at screens
it's about jumping into somebody else's
perspective it's about giving yourself
an expansive rich world to retreat to
whenever life gets hard whatever your
job is wherever you end up going happy
world book day for the 1st of March I'm
going to be spending the morning
volunteering in a secondary school
talking about how to get into publishing
and I'm gonna spend the afternoon with
lots of publishing people and authors
and it's gonna be such a warm happy day
so yeah happy world book day to you
however you celebrate it let me know in
the comments how you got into reading
I'd be really interested to hear any
ideas of how we can keep libraries open
and keep kids read in and the co annex
on frogs mug out
