hey everyone so a Baltimore book really
trashed out this whole like ADHD style
kind of reading where I'm only reading
half a book and then moving on but at
the same time I just have a compulsion
to buy cheap books and this is what has
happened
so the first three it ones I bought from
waterstones they were on buy one get one
half price for two of them and then one
of them was half price this one is the
one that was half price I'm already half
way through it
it's called rivers of London and the guy
who was at the tail can have recommend
it to me even though I was kind of
already like half reading it he came at
feels like I've read the trilogy and
space is about the Metropolitan Police
and a guy who's in the Metropolitan
Police
but then is assigned a new task and of
joining the Wizarding Department of the
Metropolitan Police I kid you not
they mentioned Harry Potter in and they
go we're not like Harry Potter we're
actually real wizards which is you know
kind of metafictional war ever and this
is really fun so far Lily gruesome and
but also just kind of fun story even
though there's like people's face faces
flapping off and today I will review
that at some point when I finished it I
will finish this one I promise
and then the buy one get on half-price
deal I got one for one hundred and one
tree encounters this is amazing I
haven't read it but I know it's amazing
and if these are 101 stories they're all
101 words long
these are all true stories and it starts
off with how out of Hitler met John
Scott Ellis and then if the next story
is how John Scott Ellis met Roger
Kipling and then it's how Roger Kipling
met Mark Twain and it carries one of
this and it ends with a Dolf Hitler
right at the end
I don't know how somebody's research
this book but it looks amazing and it
feels amazing it's really matter it's
just it was a beautiful book anyway I
needed to buy it but my reasoning the
high buying this is because I really
want to read each story and then look up
exactly who these people are like some
kind of fun fact about each person so I
know more about generally famous people
have some more general knowledge about
who is famous basically and then lastly
I bought Philip Larkins jail which I
found not mistaken spiffing Luchino and
recommended and I felt ashamed that a
hundred and philip larkin novel seeing
as he is one of my favorite poets and
I've read most of his poetry but not a
novel so I'm often through that as well
you'll be happy to hear in my doctor's
surgery these aren't gonna be really
random stories but however these books
were way in my doctor's surgery and
they're selling books thirty pH for
charity who walks past the thirty P
book not me let's just hope Avenue don't
have to go to the doctor too often
because not only will I obviously be
quite ill if I'm going to the doctor off
and also be quite broke yes I bought
three men and boat because everybody
thinks you're reading it and I feel left
out and also and the diary of a nobody
which somebody recommended who was it
somebody recommended this and it sounded
really interesting and I want to try
that I'm also kind of thinking because I
did my dissertation render gravitation
on wicked and they're kind of role of
well I did it more metafiction stuff but
yeah also including stuff about the role
of the witch and kind of objective
characterization and stuff and and I was
just whittling me I don't know what
objective character I do know more
objective characterization is there but
literally I don't even let's do the jog
on down I'm wondering like hang on for
my and postgraduates dissolution and so
I bought a book on witches from Alec
which is one of the only kind of
intellectual books I could find purely
on witches and they're all literature
and so I hope there are more in
existence but anyway I'm gonna try this
out and see if it's something that I do
and do my Master's Flamini got like
another month to decide oh this is
called weevils field guides to witches
from hexes to Hermione Granger from
Salem to the Land of Oz it's got loads
of illustrations and it's quite big
writing and I'm quite excited much much
much much much I am excited also from
Amazon a really really cheap secondhand
copy I got while I was going just by
educating Rita because I love educating
Rita and I wanted to read it again I
don't remember how I read it last time
that owning it and I saw that this was
the same price that's just getting
educated Rita you can get blood brothers
and stacks and hens as well
look brothers it's all my favorite
musicals so I was very excited to just
kind of read that and stacked and hens
is something I haven't read even Willy
Russell so we'll see how that goes I've
already reread educating Rita there it
is amazing I already owned the annotated
Alice which I have started reading as
have I everything but I saw this in what
does a long time ago and I have been
thinking about ever since this is a very
heavily illustrated and color coffee of
Alice in Wonderland almost every page
has some kind of big color illustration
on it this but just really edgy and
beautiful they're just so abstract and
kind of almost colored like rainbow
gothic I thought is and I'm already
reading this on - boom go me and but
yeah I just love the cover and it's oh
it's beautiful quality
it's Matt's but with shiny sections like
her hair like a hairband is shiny and
unlike the shoes on the back of shiny
but everything else is matte and I just
can't pass it up a hard copy like this
it's just
and I even if you take the cover off
it's still beautiful and that was about
seven or eight pounds on Amazon I'm so
happy with that like I just I know this
is something that I will keep forever
then lastly my friend had a most videos
I featured the sentence in some way my
friend Hattie but my friend after you
gave me this book because she has two
copies and it's one of her favorites and
this is novellas guide to English style
and I'm fascinated to read this
I love I need something kind of
nonfiction in my life and it's got some
really awesome like illustrations of
famous people LOL is done and they're
just beautiful
there's Dame for V and Westwood and yeah
I'm already enjoying I've already kind
of read the first bit about the seven
stages of woman and how it can take from
every single stage in your life like
school and Stefan what inspirations you
can draw and yeah it also kind of
relates to and spiffing Nietzsche no I'm
good and I'm gonna mention you join us
in video making me tea I made a video
about what it means to be English and
not British and how we shouldn't really
use the word British so I'm quite glad
this is an English style one because I
think English style and wife style and
Scottish style definitely Irish style
they're very different so I think this
is really cool and I'm excited feels
like a cereal cereal bowl book noise I
feel like I'm gonna manage Oracle cereal
bowl book means book she can dip into
while eating your cereal in the morning
yeah I might pick I might keep this in
the kitchen
but before you go I've got some notices
a be from Abbas oh seven and one of my
very long-standing friends on YouTube
one of the first people actually could
call a friend who's on YouTube and I've
known it for years
via the internet I have actually met her
in real life and she's awesome she has a
new channel her channel got disabled
absence are dicks and she started a new
channel and I pledged to her that I
would promote it for her because I want
you all to know that that's happening
and she's an awesome youtuber and I love
watching her videos and she she does
music reviews she does fashion she just
talked he she does a lot of vlogs that
are hilarious like her over caffeinated
logs like make my week if you're not
subscribe are make sure you switch over
if you're not subscriber become a new
subscriber that's all I have to say on
that subject thank you for watching and
I will see easy
