so it's 3am and I've work at nine which
means i have to leave the house at part
7 which means i'm gonna live with you
guys I haven't been happy a lot of time
lately but when I have been happy I have
been genuinely happy but when I haven't
been happy I really haven't been happy
and I don't really understand it I'm
trying to embrace it and I'm trying to
kind of like analyze it in some way
because that's what I do I just got
really depressed as now because I was
just actually been sitting on the
internet for like four hours without any
record of what I've actually been doing
that how really been doing anything I I
really don't know what I've been doing
and I don't really know what pull is the
addiction is because I wasn't one of
those kids who's like really ditch these
screens or like Nintendo I didn't have a
Nintendo or Xbox about any of this when
I was kid so I don't really know if it's
really a screen addiction or what it is
but I think what stresses me out about
life as well at the moment it's kind of
correlating is that I don't know I'm
telling you all this I'm eggnog what
normalizing make me about life that's
kind of depressing me or confusing me or
just kind of weighing down on me as well
is actually my privilege and the fact
that I realize how many choices I have
and that I graduated University now okay
i'm doing a masters but you know i'm
literally I'm I'm like one year away
from a pure absolute adulthood like my
parents will turn around and be like
wise to here they wouldn't really but
you know I'm not complaining about ocean
so I think it's beautiful but it the
beauty is almost threatening in might
have so many choices have a lot of
qualifications and I went to really you
know I went to a good school a good you
know just a high state school but a good
stool and i went to a uni and i got a
good mark and i am getting onto a like a
Russell Group University masters course
and that's really cool but at the same
time it's like why God pression I could
live any life right now which is awesome
and I think I'm going to be envious of
my my earlier self later and be like
Kathy you had all those choices and now
you don't you shuttle the door I just
feel that thing of like oh my god like
this is it like I'm only gonna be
closing doors from now on like the time
has gone well you're a kid you're like
love your place when I'm gonna be a
doctor I'm gonna hatch an egg anything
could happen and that's kind of gonna
slowly stop from now on that's why I
also the end
that fascinates and terrifies me it's
because I'm on that laptop and it's a
piece of plastic with some electronic
connector wire spaghetti things inside
it I touch it and I'm connected to the
whole world i was on the toilet just now
wondering and about how bad it is to
cross your legs and how much i might be
damaging my ankles to they literally
spend most of the day when i'm not work
having my legs crossed somewhere talking
to people in coffee shops at home I just
crossed my legs a lot I was like oh I
wonder and I was that oh I'll never know
and then I will know because it electron
next door and it will tell me like
literally anything you you you ask like
I have so many questions a day and all
of these questions I could look up on
google sudden no idea by don't actually
it's almost like the human brain doesn't
actually want to know these these
answers to these questions because
they're there they're right there and
it's ridiculous how so many people now
connected to the internet and it's like
it's all this thing of like I could
actually know anything I can know it
know it let's not go pistol article
about this but I could find out things
that other people think like that and
that's a lot of pressure I feel like any
time any time I waste time I actually
felt like triple of bad as I wasn't as a
kid because I could have really been
doing something in my time Joe me like
when you're a kid you know okay I could
have been learning my three times table
but I played with Legos 10 hours I made
some plasticine donut but known actually
really could have done something then I
don't know it's something that I think
our generation really needs to deal with
and when I say my generation I mean me
is that we are we have so many
opportunities and making responsible
decisions about that and you know while
celebrate in fact we have so many
opportunities not holding onto our
childhood too long because we're so used
to having all those options and to give
up those options and as a sacrifice in
order to follow an important option is
scary and something that we need to
probably get over and I probably need to
get over and make some decisions it's
kind of also depressing because the one
thing that the internet can't change
well really and no amount of university
is going to is the amount jobs are
available to us in the sectors that we
want to go into and that's something
that I think Abby picked up on her video
that she put up with her channel this
week about
and how she feels about the job market
and her her place in the world right now
and that's something we can't control we
need to deal with the fact that we do
have always options we can do with so
probably to fight about 18 million times
harder for it missing opportunities you
have is that worse than not having
opportunities no it's probably not but
thanks for listening I don't really know
what this is about but thank you for
listening to it anyway oh my hair look
good night good morning bad morning it's
gonna be a terrible morning bye
