everyone so I don't usually do videos
like this and because I usually prefer
editing them to music and stuff but
lately I've really been enjoying
watching other people's videos where
they kind of talk through outfit and I
kind of like to do videos that I enjoy
and I think other people enjoy so I'm
just going to try South Warren and try
and do a really quick talky outfit the
day the first thing I actually polished
I've actually bothered to come here i'ma
brush my teef or tied up great no Cole
Gators have been hurt or damaged in
during the making of this video got kind
of just plain black hair band in I just
found around my house I'm sure some of
my friends gonna claim it back on day
but at the moment it's I got this
necklace on that my friend gave me my
think it was originally from Dorothy
Perkins but i might be wrong I really
like how it layers and stuff and how it
can answer the whole chest detailing
that's a no good thing to say down here
we've got a belt by where with
absolutely freaking everything it's got
pushed out stars on it and it's a brown
suede thing amateurs from Primark and I
were nothing to death and this is the
dress of my dreams I got it from a
thrift shop in San Francisco last summer
and it's by Audrey and it's vintage but
I doubt it's that vintage because they
seem to be of our three of them in the
shop so whatever but and yeah it's it's
just made up plain cotton it's only got
one tier the boob area I call it a boob
flat but I feel it's not the elegant and
accurate their fashion name used to be
pleat yet but pinky and the brains over
here put it in the washer my name is
that dry cleaning at me and I it's not
the only thing I did to it I'm Vicki or
about it but it's okay if you haven't
watched my ring tour I link it below
basically I'm wearing a plain silver
band and then another band that says no
far is too far that my fiance got me I'm
wearing this massive dire crop tick do i
cropped it that's the word maybe ring
laid off from aberystwyth an elephant
ring was a gift that was also from
aberystwyth and then my engagement rings
will have a nosy at my gate right there
it is ooh and I've got guard ring on his
eyes to keep up and then my makeup which
I'm already sweating off and i have on
max factor i know i bought sucks
drunk bad person or some expansion
foundation so I really love how come
from the neighborhood we're gonna post
it below blue though judge me I'm
wearing dermablend foundation as
concealer which is kind of creasing on
me today so kind of annoying and frat
boy blush bulb arm which is beautiful
I've been applying that with a really
massive Ecotools brush I'm wearing
eyelet pastel lipgloss by Revlon that
very very tiny Mound it will look like
giving away the old ice cream vans that
are just the lollipops half-baked on my
lid and then maple from the map sleek
palette in the crease and the white
eyeshadow from the mat sleek palette in
the inner corner yes and then I'm
wearing max minner eyes so crisp i
remembers max can rise skin relies mac
mineralize skinfinish in pink courses
boom thank you for watching let me know
if you like this kind of style video
this is kind of experiment and I kind of
feel like a normal outfit today there's
quite a normal outfit for me but usually
they're a bit more mental but ya hu I
tell you soon
