hey we're on the cat's back that's why I
thought it's a dumb thief or a little
bit have a little chat but what I've
been doing I'm just refer in and out you
man because cuz i miss you guys and what
is this voice and i just also can't
remember our children of the cameras
little warmer 30 lat I'll organization
romania in which i which i warm up for
your life again so I'll if I think
youtubers real life it's as hot as a hot
box in a sweaty region of the Arab
nation right now it's very hot in my
room I'm but that it's because I can't
have my windows because there's five
lanes of traffic outside my window and
over no I for like ages and ages and
ages and ages my finish University so
inevitably and one of the third of the
Quint downturns that remove home
actually is more downturn I like home I
have a really nice room and my fiancee
lives here and all my friends still live
here most of them and I like my parents
which isn't really a normal occurrence
in it it's not gonna get I feel made
about my life but it doesn't make things
a little bit better yes i'm out i'm
happy i'm just playing up there I've
moved my braces because everything is my
favorite place in all the universe i
think i really miss being by the sea no
that's one thing i really really miss
like even when you're not there you're
not like on the beach you still wear
that it's there it's so comforting and I
don't know but yeah that's why I'm right
now I'm starting my summer job on
Saturday and I can't really I guess it's
probably not very good practice to tell
you where I'm working even though on
those open people who is gonna risk
being raped because of it now I'm not
gonna miss me right what those stop
Kathy why you think all good things
porsche and say i'm working but i will
tell you i'm cleaning that's that's then
and i also be reading those books
because i start my master's degree at
warwick university in September and I'm
so terrified because most of the emails
that moves enemy about but a lot the
freedoms of my course are some of the
module and descriptions and stuff I
don't actually even understand the
descriptions of some of the modules like
how much you know even sure what some of
the module about because it's that
clever and I'm kind of like oh my god
I'm reading during great moment and I
will be getting onto loads of other
classics and stuff is there any books
that you you know you'll want to
literature people and you think there's
books that like it would be embarrassing
for me not to have bread please facing
below so i can make sure i read them
gonna be one of those moments when i
turn it with my big backpack of my
aberystwyth t-shirt and I'm like
hey guys what's going on he'll everybody
looks at me and they're like it's a
breast in Scotland because the album's a
lot like my hairdresser actually was
like aunt it did you actually come
Patrick and I go no I haven't seen it's
really come down sucka technology it
won't like what you watchin then where
you going on my home address to the
University and I like ooh I love
Scotland at this time of year I just
love it Oh add little things to tell you
like menial things okay okay what no
wait before the menial things gonna tell
you what actually is happening my life
and I went to Tenerife and regrets award
holiday words like eight of my
housemates and that was really really
fun wait eight my housemates including
me seven over house make a wench
tenerife it's fun and we stayed in a
hotel and we did all the kind of booze
cruise kind of things and a client of
volcano well I kind down a volcano and
then he died but it's fine and whatever
done I went see Kate Nash in concert now
Kate Nash you know if you add owner who
kate Nash's and I kind of expected
seeing something like this click the
video and when you're ready actually I
was delivered this witch is a very
awkward punk rendition which wasn't
really anything like nicest thing ever
seen and I wish that one day it could be
something it wasn't that it was Punk she
screamed a lot it was kind of awkward
but somehow she seemed to be really cool
during it and really cool and I really
still wanted to be her even though she
was a crazy Punk woman and bet but yeah
I don't know it's not a session about
our are artists artists allowed to
change their genre yes they are I feel
bad for you me annoyed but at the same
time do you do go on at all when you've
only released one new song that's new
when I'm seen at this point and and you
know you haven't really warned a buddy
you know given anybody a good warning
about how much your style is change and
who you are as an artist while people
have booked tickets months ago to see
you sing mouthwash and birds and songs
like that so don't know how angry I'm
her knowing that I because it was still
a good night out and yeah you know
hearing her scream a lot wasn't cool
because maybe I'll do around one day
about how I think that screaming isn't
music oh wait I know screaming at me
Dave even didn't same kind of caliber of
what I think about Tate Modern which is
controversial what were the other menial
things are going to tell you oh yeah if
you
been seeing my hair flick like this and
you've you thinkin bit of us going
you're like Kathy are you Harry Potter
did you walk into a brick wall have you
had a brain hemorrhage are you going to
die in the next few months no no this
scar it's criminal I was made it like
some kind of kinky sex object that
Rihanna might use one of her videos but
actually it is the what is it it's the
Remington wave beach wave thing and you
might have seen fleurdeforce use it
which is what made me buy it because the
hair looked awesome and i am still
practicing this but basically you kind
of wrap your hair and like a figure of
eight and it kind of gives you like
beach waves and obvious on as really
coffee ously it's not on I'm treating
you like a moron you're not a moron this
is really cool but it's kind of hard to
work at man we got my head around it yet
no way I did get my head round it
because I have a scar from it quite hot
i get to 220 degrees I wouldn't advise
using at children 25 degrees if you want
a lot how I'll go ahead just don't blame
me you'll see me or anything because the
NHS can do we you're on me oh
also I went to burn me with my friend
Hattie after we went to the kate nash
gig and I finally got a cream blush a
high-end cream blush because I mean I've
had like I have to cream blushes at the
moment and I use them both constantly
and doing really like the colors is like
the fact that cream blushes when I just
like them and so yeah I wasn't come in
everybody this is Malcolm he lives
behind that wall he likes doing DIY all
day so you should probably know him
because you probably get to know him in
the next year because he'll be behind
that wall smashing more your to listen
to our YouTube video love you Malcolm
lafia I'm in a secret war with him he
doesn't know he's in with in the war he
starts doing DIY eight thirty in the
morning and I play music tool to to make
sure that he is tired when he gets the
bait 30 and can't bang his hammer as
hard it was gonna get ripped wit from
Mac which i'm looking at age as well as
we good but then i got to mac and i was
like all so much money when I don't even
like the packaging and I know it's a
really stupid thing today but I don't
like the packaging and I don't know with
Mac I don't know it's not like I have a
personal affection for the brand Mac
really so i don't i don't know i was
wandering around and i almost bought
penny lane by nas but that was 22 pounds
which you know has really awesome
packaging but i was kinda like 22 that's
a big mark up from the 17th at mackeys
and then i went to in a masochist or
because i realize that in Alaska isn't
Birmingham one
I not know this but we went to a
massacre and I love in a massacre and I
love everything I stand for in that
company and I love all the kind of crazy
killers they come out with him for
people to release to your lipstick as
part of their very small constant liners
in a brave and I think it's awesome and
I want that too lipstick but anyway and
i found this virtually she called zai
zygomatic signo matic it's absolutely
phenomenal and it's a very natural kind
of peachy and Peach Melba kind of color
I guess and which is something that was
really looking for I'm wearing at the
moment and but it probably not very
often I'm not wearing a lot of it this
is a beautiful color and I love the
packaging which is amazing and it was
six 1650 which is less than the mac was
it same as the mac but anyway i was so
much happier to give my money to this
company who I respect kind of I don't
know that attitude after spunkiness of
and i really like packaging a lot more
because I'm shadowed like that and the
end I was just really happy about this
blushing i want to show you because i'm
not going to show you my next favorite
is clear because it's you know I've only
just got it but I do absolutely love it
I want to tell you about it was possible
and but yeah I try not to put stuff in
my family favorites must've been using
the whole month because the wealth got
to tell you oh my gosh weddings weddings
are so stress my God my baby you don't
know I got engaged in November so it's
around now people are starting you
questions about your plans oh well you
know how many plans that's very awkward
to now continue a conversation with
somebody about your wedding when you
have no plans at all well I know he'll
probably have about two years which is
like so much 2014 which is ages away but
you kind of tab stop lying your stuff
and we've looked at like a venue already
but I don't know if I'm on that Benny
and if I won that venue if we want that
venue don't let me turn into bridezilla
weddings are weird it's like do you do
the whole let's just invite some people
were like a close people and spend a lot
of time than that day and you know it be
bit worried free because it's very small
wedding and it's you know relaxed and
you don't have to plan do much because
not too many people there or do you do
big wedding for everyone because you
love everybody and you want oil friends
to be there and see the you know because
the funnest part for me of a wedding
isn't the game to look at the end of the
night or the dancing embarrassing
dancing on the you know tacky dance for
it it's the ceremony I like seeing the
ceremony and I want you know other
people to get to experience that and be
part of the actual marriage not part of
our marriage because that would be weird
you know part of the ceremony because
that's the cool bit
but everything I'm organizing a event
for like 300 plus people which is what
it probably would be if we did include
everybody including family and you know
you know the night friends like close
friends don't even like people the
peripheral you hardly know like that
that would just be friends like
submission is a massive event mission if
you don't have the money to like hire a
wedding planner or something potentially
that and even if I did have the money to
like hire a wedding planner I don't
think I would because I don't know when
I do it myself and like a lot of wedding
and those sounds really really bitchy
lot of weddings to me look really tacky
and please right how many providers have
you seen you can't buy the right wedding
dress size and they're just like all
that like they think they've sucked
their stomach in but actually their
stomachs just coming over their breasts
line and like out of that what what I
just buy the right size not fooling
anybody we're not gonna sneak backstage
and see the size you're just like just
by the right sides why do you insist on
like instead of having a veil you have
like a veil of fat popping out that back
of your dress like why
