hey everyone let's put the bullet
there's not waste time today I'm doing
my foundation routine you have asked I
have delivered there is a clause in this
little foundation plan now and don't
actually use foundation well that's like
I do use foundation but don't use as
foundation I use concealer actually any
foundation that is using a foundation in
this video yeah one because I've just
failed to find a foundation i really
love and two because i kind of like the
way this routine hydrates my skin but
stops it from looking too fake and
taking all the dimensions out of it it
means even though it only takes me
probably out five minutes or take me
longer explaining it to hear but trust
me that takes me five minutes not i need
to take me five minutes it means i'm not
just relying on one project to do have
three for me if one project fails and
then your face falls apart that's not
going to happen to me I'm not just
relying on one product to even out my
whole face and if it melts off then I'm
screwed I'm kind of quite happy with the
way I'm doing my routine in a moment and
and yeah it's just really easy and
really simple and especially the fact
that I've like departed most of the
things that means it's really really
portable and I only use a brush at the
end and I think sometimes this
foundation routine really suits my
lifestyle it might not be the best one
it might not be something a pro 1 i'm
not telling you my makeup freaking pro
but i'm a go aways makeup and has will
makeup-free long time and this is what
suits me and my lifestyle food here you
go I hate bitches helpful as you can
tell my head's way I've just got out the
shower while I'm in the shower I use
scrub your nose in it by so for glory
can I rave about this anymore I don't
know if you're a new subscriber I will
link the videos in which I talk about
this but yeah genuinely is the only face
scrub I use the moisturizing process
does kind of come into my face routine
so I don't always moisturize my face
before I do this but depends on the day
but today it's quite sunny my skin's
feeling kind of supple anyway so I'm not
too worried about pre moisturizing so
this tinted moisturizer / blemish
blemish balm what is watering twister
blemish blemish balm BB cream that I use
and it looks like this now it tricked me
I thought I'd finished it absolutely
hadn't I could have opened with scissors
and there was enough product feed 5,000
so i ended up departing it in to you
about three different tiny little pots
like this and so this is one of the pots
that I've d plotted it into you I
actually really recommend next time I
get one of these I'm gonna look I don't
even comment when I drop this now is
just absolutely normal to me and when I
get another one I'm definitely just
going to deport all the product straight
away because it is kind of hard because
as a squeezy tub it is so hard to get
the right Maya product and i just spent
hours trying to work in excess
note in my thin skin just cuz I don't
want to waste it and it's just silly and
so I definitely recommend departing it
into little turbs like this so you can
just sweep up the amount of product
leave one absolutely love this product I
think the first time I used it I didn't
see any difference so it's one of those
ones you have to put on go away for ten
minutes let thinking let's do it stuff
and at that point you really can see a
difference and I always notice if I'm
not wearing it this is one of the things
that I wear even if I'm probably just
gonna wear mascara I wear this and
mascara because even though I don't have
a lot of problem skin or blemishes and
stuff I do have a bit of a an even skin
tone and I get our very red and patches
and it's all quite patchy so this is
something that kind of like just blurs
that kind of brings out a more even skin
tone and it's just perfect and I love it
natural light it's the only way you're
gonna make your face look okay seriously
I prefer doing a big mirror as well just
can I can see the overall picture but
for now I'm just going to get in this
den little mirror yeah I just kind of
dot it everywhere I didn't work too much
in my forehead because you don't usually
see it because i have a fringe and but
it's nice to keep it moisturized mr.
sometimes if my skin still doesn't feel
too sup all or I just feel like it's
still a little bit patchy I just pop
more on around the places that it tends
to get punchy mmm and I love the smell
of this it makes very fresh in life yeah
that's my kind of moisturizing prep
priming kind of step that is everything
really okay so I don't wear foundation
per se it's partly because of reasons
I've mentioned in other videos where I
literally can't find a shade and brand
and price that I like probably find
foundations that tick at least two of
those categories but haven't found one
the tix all three and until I do I
really can't be asked so the kind of
basis of my foundation routine isn't
really foundation it is concealer and in
various different degrees certain ideas
he's gone Gunny role on auntie dark
circles concealer thing and this has got
loads of products in its last mages it's
not very high coverage but it is it is
it does give a noticeable difference and
it is absolutely invisible on the skin
and i love how it blends in and also
supposed to work with this BB cream
really well so and I kind of used this
on the bits that it would be obvious if
I use heavy concealer on or it would
take away from the dimensions of my face
if i use my heavy concealer on it i kind
of do it on my chin here because my chin
can get quite difficult pop a little bit
along the cheekbones just cuz i get
discoloration there and a little bit
around the nose
that can be very obvious if you put a
heavy concealer on around your nose so
this step just kind of kind of helps to
even more even out my skin tone without
clogging up my pores and without kind of
having that kind of cake you look in the
little crevices of your face where you
just don't want it to look cakey and the
second to last step is that I use this
this is a foundation it is called
dermablend is for people with acne
problems as for this obviously something
that I don't have when I use it as a
foundation it's an issue like some bees
come up behind me with the book and just
squashed me in the middle of it I look
absolutely two-dimensional and then you
know sometimes I do do it for a night
out if I'm feeling absolutely mental it
ends at me trying to improvise ways to
put dimensions back into my face so I
don't know like somebody off watching my
chops or something cool so the camera
just cut out they didn't realize towards
in the next step so because i'm
dedicated i went back took all my come
off and I've got back to this step
however if it does look a little bit
different that is why so where are they
yes this takes all the dimensions out of
your face I really we recommend using it
all over your face unless you're looking
for some absolutely ridiculous high
coverage you're trying to change your
race or you do have the time to spend
half an hour working out the logistics
of putting all the dimensions back into
your face however as a concealer this is
amazing I did used to buy the very
famous collection 2000 concealer okay
and it is really good like for the money
it's amazing here that rivals Mac
concealers and I can believe that
because it is really really good I was
for reusing one every every about four
weeks and having to buy another one so
it's like 13 pounds sixty or something
every three months so yeah we're getting
on for almost fifteen pounds of quarter
this foundation is 15 pounds in the UK
I've had this for about six months and
I'm only halfway through I do post it in
stuff like this this is a lush color set
for a container that ran out again it's
a squeezy one you can't betray our much
comes out and you save so much money by
using only the amount of product that
you need and you will look a lot better
to trust me I would really consider as a
general as general advice d potting your
face product into smaller containers
that you can control with your finger
how much you take out such things are
clean because it just makes financial
sense and it also makes face little
better it is quite high coverage you
have to be very careful with it and you
literally very you don't need very much
at all one little finger tip of this
goes to the Nile and back so you can
just watch them find out what this is
one little dab of my finger one okay
34 and the eyes are done I've also got a
little bit left to do some little spots
on my chin and even out my nose tone
okay do you see that I also kind of put
it on the lids of my eyes and I've got
any left just because I think it looks
weird without it that's where any reason
really I just yeah my eyelids are kind
of a little bit darker so it's kind of
nice just even them out and it's a nice
kind of Base to put any eye shadows on
just a little bit lighter than and just
kind of makes the colors come out a
little bit truer if you don't have the
colored primer which I do anyway so I
don't even know how idea and yeah you
can kind of see how I've kind of already
done this already that's why my forehead
looking a little bit more even and stuff
but you know you get the idea and I
can't stress enough how much your
advocate i am at the moment for using
your fingers it's summer you really need
to make its blending well you need to
warm up the product to get it into your
skin properly so it stays longer and
I've had enough with funny around with
brushes to be honest it at the time of
the mini and I feel like this works a
lot better anyway so there you go okay
so that is my concealer don't now this
is an optional one it's only I only do
this if I want to stand a long time or
it's a bit of a sweaty day I use I use
the elf complexion perfection powder I
know so controversial what we're doing
this is the crap product it's actually
not very crap but it's okay it doesn't
really even like skin tone very well but
as the powder I think it's a I've
just fine powder especially for the
price and the packaging is so good and
you get so much product and you know
I've only just hit pan on this and had
it for like a year I use my ELF flap top
powder brush and we have jewelry like
handful assist to look you know halfway
to natural and I just powder under my
eyes a little bit to keep it and to keep
it fixed plussed in place and then a
little bit on my chin I look what on my
nose I don't like going all over my
cheeks of it just because the den blend
is quite a matte finish anyway on your
skin and and yeah I don't my face look
too cakey even though i don't really
like the look of powder but it does
second your stuff so all you can do yeah
and now i'm going to put makeup on and i
will be back with you and so here i am
back with my chips and my chips michiko
my eye for my lips turn let's see if i
could member i just put on this would do
a zoom in hello I've got three Urban
Decay eyeshadows on my eyes and I've got
let me see
I car on the lid heist in the crease and
then and also booked in the crease kind
of mixed in yeah I've got a visual
liquid eyeliner on my lash line that I
don't really recommend but i'm using up
also one of my favorite and then when
one of my favorite mascara is of all
time which is m revlon doubletwist
mascara my cheese we've got pirates of
the caribbean highlighter and m dainty
dole blush in hippy shake and then on my
lips i have got that revlon lip gloss
that carry those Kiwis at me that I love
and what's called like that pastor dale
oh well it's exhausting never knew I
again okay so yeah that was my face
routine I hope that answered some of
your questions and helped you out a
little bit and let me know and I'll just
quickly do an outfit of the day because
I think it's kind of hippie and boo boo
and boo boo hoo yes with boho boo who is
what i think is they go so i've got this
really long maxi tie-dye dress that i
absolutely love and it comes down really
far and it's like we on top i've got
minor in the way or consulate t-shirt
I've kind of just folded up like this
and yeah I kind of think it looks for
like bandy hippie I'm enjoying it today
and I put some big dangly earrings in as
well thank you for watching and I will
see you soon and if you have any ideas
of videos i can make please do let me
know below i might do them ever feel
like it huh okay I be seen by
