first things first please excuse the
Gothic Minnie Mouse look a little bit
crazy today and it's the last day of
revision but that means tomorrow is the
first day of exams so I'm a little bit
underwhelmed by that
however I've done a lot of exams in my
time a lot a lot a lot and I think I've
kind of honed in on what works for me
we'll see when the results come out but
I feel like this time I've got a message
and it may work yeah man I think's got
it down so I thought I'd show you what I
do and why I did the first thing I would
say is actually essential highlighters
seriously when you think you've got
enough get some more I'm a really visual
person I did actually start doing art at
university and I'm just such a color
person and it really really helps it
between two splits things I've been
color coded things a bit right these are
the dates these are the characters these
are there is a method in every madness
and this is what will help you find the
message second bit of advice I have for
you is patronize yourself patronize
yourself these are not expensive okay I
got this from the pound job and it's a
Disney Princess coloring book and I'm
not shamed of it got crayons
I got stickers you can pimp all your
notes with and even in some
circumstances some cases think it's very
appropriate to bribe the child of the
newts here's the I've done my notes in
the heart of darkness around a rose
doorframe and so if every single section
I did so we've got him key themes
symbolism of the heart key scenes down
this side was highlighted and for every
section I did I got to color in a little
bit of her I can hear myself for now I
mentioned going from a monarchy theme
interrupting Cinderella and the prince
of Stan's is a timeline from sixteen
sixteen to seventeen forty of all the
kings and queens there were and how they
died and what influence they had and
that's all color coded as well and
that's pretty fun I'm actually thinking
of doing Pamela notes on this one
because their story of Pamela which is a
kind of pre Jane Austen story which I'll
do video on later and really reminds me
of Beauty and the Beast and the kind of
predatorial thing that turns into love
and then well the third thing is break
it up break it up don't read ODEs of
articles and I think you're just going
to reread them for the exams not going
to happen and so I make em for every
single book that I'm studying I make a
little card like this so once I've read
through all the material that I have on
this book
I summarized it into a very short
concise interesting and tiny writing so
it have the themes on the front general
ideology key characters form and then
key scenes or down here critics on the
back and then interesting things to note
right the bomb also if you're doing very
contrary restoration eighteenth-century
plays like I am a little a little love
tree is very very useful seeing as it
seems that everybody's in love with
anybody nobody really cares about anyone
for thing is mediums and don't just look
for medium look for many and what I
really love this time around the vision
is finding this graphic novel at the
heart of darkness it's really would help
me visually picture everything and I've
read this in conjunction with the actual
story and so I can kind of see key
themes and also with graphic not they'll
often pick out the most interesting and
most useful quotes so if you've got just
the most useful quotes all in one book
that's amazing also a really good tool
is spark notes and not only spark notes
spark notes YouTube channel yeah yeah
you can watch cartoons of someone with a
fake books ever and they're into a ten
minutes and it's just like yes watch it
just for you leave the house for exam
and then you'll be really clear in your
chronological order of your book and so
you can focus on themes and stuff you
already know what's happening when it's
happening also also don't be afraid to
watch the films films are good okay the
effect don't know if they're actually
correct if they're not correct I
wouldn't advise watching them more than
once but if they are correct I would
really advise watching them especially
if their films are played because that's
how they were supposed to be seen and
there's been acted they're not supposed
to be read fifth thing location location
location location for me what is good is
changing at changing up all the time I
change what coffee shop I go to most of
the time I changed my library we've got
two libraries that's really good I can
change between them sometimes I stay at
home sometimes I've revised my friend's
room and change it up go to the beach oh
yeah you don't leave a number if they
just change up like don't be afraid to
advise in a pub like that's fine and
don't be afraid to spend holding the
library if that's what works for you
don't be afraid to do it in a cafe
anywhere that you're allowed to sit
legally you're allowed to revise in
don't truly let people start you and
that's but not least
buddies find a study buddy doesn't have
to be all the time just you know
occasionally and but I've realized
coming about my
I have enough pride and if I'm on my own
revising I do tend to on you but I do
tend to get sidelined with Twitter or
something you probably noticed the
moment and so I find it better if I'm
revising with somebody they don't even
the same subject to you my favorites
anybody a moment is my housemate Sophie
and she's doing geology and she likes to
show me pictures of frogs that she's cut
open and then pinned all their insides
to a board but thematically we're
revising very differently but I think
there's so many things in common with
every course and you can just sit with
each other and revise and take that time
out every now and to be like how you
doing doing all right good you think it
means that I don't go on Facebook and
stuff as much because I'm like ha ha I
really advise having a study buddy and
just I want to be in the room with you
because if you're a social person like
me don't like to be alone all the time
and then it's kind of nice to change up
your day so you don't feel like you
spent whole day alone I do think it's
very very funny that I'm making a video
I had to revise properly not
procrastinate and really what I'm doing
is procrastinating my making this video
so I'm gonna go and my revision place of
choice today is varsity because it has
Wi-Fi and hot chocolate and curly fries
on call so what can you do at the moment
I'm thinking you know what I spent 3000
pounds a year on this degree what's
another 10 pounds or some chips to get
me through the exams I hope you enjoyed
that I hope it wasn't too boring and
good luck in your exams if any are
coming up and remember you're not geek
people call me Kiki
I'm not geek I just picked the right
course I want the right degree scheme
I enjoy my degree which things are going
to be an 18,000 pounds are dead a pretty
good job so yeah thanks for watching
thanks
