well you never want to waste time or cut
back on glamour and I decided that I
need to dye my hair this morning which
is why this is happening but I also
cited that I wanted to film a video
today two decisions that I thought would
kill each other over the ring have
actually ended up being perpendicular
because I decided to ask you guys if you
need any personal book recommendations
on Instagram and you you delivered so
while I was putting the dye on my hair
you guys everyone Instagram were feeding
me requests of personal recommendations
you would like for books and now in the
Rose Room so I snapped the orange potion
magic on my hair ran around my
bookshelves and now I'm here and we're
on the clock
it's 1108 I need to take this off in 20
minutes you'll remind me when you yeah
yeah mermaid hair and tails would like a
green book I like a simple customer that
is good it's good to have simple needs
in this world and I'm here to fulfill
them this is wicked by Gregory Maguire
it's one of my favorite books ever even
in the musicals one of my favorites ever
it's very complex and probably one of
the only fantasy novels I've ever really
ever enjoyed is a riff on Franco Barnes
plastic there was divorce if you didn't
know and if you love the musical gets a
lot deeper and a lot darker and be
prepared if your dreams to be smashed
when you realize that they changed the
fucking ending I wrote my dissertation
on this book I think it's a masterpiece
Jennifer H burglars would like something
dystopian at would style fiction so the
first time I thought of was the end we
start from which I don't actually have
because I gave it away to somebody
because I was like somebody else needs
to read this too good it's set in a post
round London where everybody has to
start again it's very poetic and
dreamlike and fragmented and short I'm
really a gem that I think more people
should have made noise about when it
came out because it's really really
really really well-written and then also
station eleven which there's one of
these books that I kind of wasn't sure
if I liked when I finished and then
retrospectively realized I fucking left
and I really want to read it again
actually now that I know what to expect
and what it is
because I read the Americans
ever before which I think isn't gives
the impression that it's a complete
different book this this cover is a lot
better and it's 20 years after America
has collapsed and there is a group
called the Traveling Symphony who are
traveling around the country performing
old Shakespearean plays from memory and
it also follows a few characters from
before one of them is a graphic
novelists who foreshadows a lot of the
kind of deadly virus stuff and it's
loads of things I thought was just about
the traveling play people it's not it's
about lots of different things and
particularly station 11 this airport
that becomes a museum for all of the
world before the end it's really
beautiful it's really incredible
it's very literary and isn't there to
satisfy you if that makes sense
I do think it's one of the best books
I've ever read really good really good
Lu ninety wants a book about
brainweasels mental health sorts of
brain visuals we will have this I'm
gonna recommend this book even though I
haven't had time to read it yet but
Nancy Tucker and I had her on my channel
a few times and she's a lovely friend of
mine and she wrote a book all the time
in between about her time with anorexia
and is written in this really
intelligent introspective way with like
TV scripts in it and it's it's really
clever and she's recently released a
book called that was when people started
to worry there's a discussion about the
way we treat mental illness it's based
on lots and lots of interviews she's had
with lots of people who suffer from
mental illness and it's also about how
we can treat people better and a way
forward and I'm really excited to read
it and I know that she's an incredible
writer and it's gonna be really good so
I'm gonna pre recommend this lily
hollandaise hey Lily would like
something reasonably easy to read and
feminist quite like Mary Murphy
MacFarlane because she is everything
same I think
why have I gone out of focus karma and
environment Fallon if a people don't
over move like one of my favorite
authors ever and I've read everything
she's ever written so it is I see I see
how you feel Lily this is fairly
frustrating when you've read all the
books and author has written and they
have read any more yet and you're like
dude so I for you I have Sofia client is
not obliged by ISO Malick and it follows
and Sophia Khan who is one of the most
hilarious intelligent scatterbrained
beautiful characters in literature she's
a Muslim woman working in the publishing
industry and she is also supposed to be
on the dating scene trying to find a man
and hilarity heartbreak and everything
else in Sue's one of my favorite kind of
rom-com easy but deeply breaks your
heart and makes you laugh out loud reads
and I also interviewed I show my channel
if you're interested I will leave a link
up here or below Miss Daisy Anna would
like a book about anxiety
I've halfway through a book on anxiety
at the moment and I'm not sure whether I
want to recommend it yet because I
haven't decided and but my boyfriend
Craig Simmons really struggles with
anxiety and he has just read this book
how to survive the end of the world and
this is the proof and it says Bala King
fucking shitting hitting Arsenal I'm
having a panic attack and he just like
everytime he was reading this he just
like giggle aloud and he said he found
it very useful and insightful and a lot
less kind of like airy-fairy and
clinical than a lot of books information
or anxiety out there so a recommendation
from Craig without his permission this
Sofer Annika really wants an epic novel
I'm not naked under this by the way it
just just a disclaimer just a disclaimer
for those ad goblins so frantic ax would
like an epic novel with lots of
intertwining storylines so the last book
I really read like this was um Middlesex
by Geoffrey Jenna DS now I loved parts
of this book I think it's really well
written if you like that kind of book
then it's I think you really really like
it
Geoffrey Indies is his book the red in
suicides as one of my favorite books
ever but that's not an epic and it's
quite short but his writing is
incredible so I think he'd really like
Middlesex and then I tried I want to
just other books The Marriage Plot and I
really fucking hated it so and he's hit
missed but I think that if you like epic
big intertwining intergenerational
novels and that's like the one to read
like this the one everybody talks about
it's like a seminal text in area s
someone would like a feel-good book that
would make their head feel a little bit
leichter this is the rights of the
reader but Daniel Fenner Mac as you can
see I have highly annotated it and I
would love to make a whole video on it
later but it's kind of like summarises
around I had a long time ago in a video
before a new buzz book and the videos
called isn't it a shame that people read
stupid books and it's my discussion on
how people are allowed to read books
that you don't like or don't think
you're intelligent and you can leave
them the fuck alone is the yeah is the
brief summary of that video but in a
more intelligent way Daniel puts it in
these ten writes that he notes down as
like the things you go some might seem
in a bookshop sometimes the rights that
everybody has when they read us and that
kind of is kind of like almost like a
declaration of independence for readers
is illustrated by Quinton Blake it's
really short and light and it really
rids you of like any worry about life
never mind like all the kind of worries
around reading and shame around reading
so the rights are the right not to read
first one the right to skip the right
not to finish a book the right to read
it again the right to read anything the
right to mistake a book for real life
the right to read anywhere the right to
dip in the right to read aloud and the
right to be quiet and and it's it's just
a really uplifting warm warm but simple
intelligent read and I want to talk more
about this layers army or whatever like
get on it man get on it simply BAM sorry
likes George Orwell and ran something
along those lines so that can go like a
few ways I haven't read any young man so
I'm not gonna I'm not gonna address her
because I'm ignorant but if you also can
kind of George Orwell s that's really
hard to know which way to go with that
like which direction but if you're
looking for something in his kind of
authorial voice and something that
follows characters who are having huge
epic political world-changing events
happen in the background and they're
sitting in the foreground having more
like introspective emotional things
without necessarily realizing everything
that's happening behind them and like
that kind of Upstairs Downstairs kind of
thing um then then and I can recommend
Kazuo Ishiguro's remains of the day one
of my favorite books of all time I think
of
like three times I need to read it again
this time it follows Stevens who is a
butler of Darlington Hall
it follows Stevens who is this really
aging Butler of Darlington Hall is set
in 1956 but it looks back on his whole
career as a butler it's kind of
showcasing the deterioration of the kind
of culture where rich people have holes
and Butler's and horses and also the
rise of fascism that happened in the
background around the elite in the
aristocracy and so there's lots of like
very interesting historical figures that
are clearly entering the house that he
is a butler of but he's got this kind of
duty and this this this kind of chivalry
code around Butler culture and it's all
related to like his father and and how
he feels about that and it also follows
his interactions and slow affection for
the housekeeper who in the film is
played by Emma Thompson and I think in
this book at least kaziri should go
changes the way he writes in every book
I can't even and but in this book he in
this book Kazushi gary has that oath
Ariel voice that's very I think Orwell
would approve of it's very sparse it's
very simple to the point has all the
emotional gravitas without having to use
all the crazy words and it's just very
gentle but bites you in the ass kind of
writing
Yemi I don't know I don't know if that's
a good comparison for a while but I
didn't want to go down the dystopian
predictable route I wanted to I'd like
to think about why you might actually
like George Orwell rather than the
politics side of it because so many like
Animal Farm s kind of books you could
read but that's film and I went dear
from is it different that's one of the
most famous books ever
you know I mean do you know any
nonfiction circus related books I do I
know quite a few I own quite a few
I can't profess to have finished any
although I have started a lot and this
one is one that I've kept around for a
long time that I'm really determined to
get a chance to read even though it's
quite thick it's by Beth Macy and it's
called true vine George and William use
were just six and nine years old but
they worked in the fields from dawn till
dusk until a white man offered them
candy stole them way to be circus freaks
for the next 28 years they're distraught
mother struggles to get them back if the
truth is a true story about two twins
that were kidnapped and taken to the
circus and
I think it like crosses a lot of kind of
topics and historical moments and I'm I
really really want to read this I just
have another job John Molly wants to do
but book to deal with the horrible
process of flat hunting I would love
that to please anybody pass on your
recommendations in the comments because
that sounds like a shelving Marc the
world needs Ellen Jones my favorite
person sorry I learned that city anyway
from say your name and Ellen would like
a comforting read a few of us that
actually have people in distress at you
okay thanks guys it's okay it's gonna be
fine and one has recently come out is
Neil Gaiman and Chris rodiles
and Art Matters which is an illustrated
essay about why art is important and why
feel like you should be able to make it
and also three of those other essays
credo why our future depends on
libraries reading and daydreaming and
making a chair and it's so uplifting
it's so warm to flick through it's in no
way pressuring and it's something that
you'll want to hold on to forever I love
this and probably gonna buy everybody a
copy for Christmas Hannah Paris wants
anything nonfiction on race class or
gender that sticks out to you yeah Lots
I recommended why I'm not talking to
white people about race quite a few
times so I thought I'd pull out this
other one mama can't raise no man I
think I've mentioned this in videos
before but Robin Travis this is this
book came out in 2016 and in 2016 he was
the only black man to be published in
the UK this is compiled of fictional
letters from a 24 year old man who finds
himself in prison for the third time and
he's writing to all the people that he
knows outside of prison and unpacking
what he realizes his own issues with the
idea of masculinity and being a man and
how he's found himself in prison again
at 24 and it's really incredible it
talks a lot about race and a lack of
electricity and room to move in society
that favors whiteness and I think it's a
really great book I don't get as much
attention as it deserves say that's get
a Lincoln Lee on it and Ames jerks
would like a book that deals with moving
on from breakups have the whole video on
this I'll link it below but recipes for
sad women really helped me spinster
spinster really helped me
lots of books really help me and get
through a breakup and I will link that
video for you here and below somebody is
said yes l rocket ship they'd love to
read something about women travelers it
can be nonfiction or fiction I don't
know if you mean travelers as in women
who travel the world in which case I'd
say a read part of the lonely City and I
want to finish it by Olivia Lang and
don't good so far I haven't read enough
about women traveling actually if you
want to leave some recommendations below
obviously read Eat Pray Love would
recommend don't care we say I know
people think it's too Airy fairy and too
simple but like don't at me I like it I
think it's pretending to be anything
that it's not I think people put very
high expectations on it because it's one
of the only books about women traveling
however if you mean books about female
travelers as in women from the traveler
community I would like some I've just
read the stopping places which is
written by a man called Damien Lovaas I
interviewed him for the vintage podcast
and he is incredible it's such a great
book but it is man um but there is a
fictional book called the gypsy girl
that I really liked and not by somebody
who is from the traveler community but
has done a lot of research into it and
it's a why a book about a girl and
feminism and boxing and living in the
traveller community in Britain today and
that's really good so I will link that
below but there should be more of that
if that was what you're looking for but
if you're just looking about people for
people who are like traveling around
then that's not very good on that front
I'll get there pearl Elle nun says I
loved Vikki beachings book undivided me
- bloody yes where is it hold on here
she is here she is and this is a great
book by Vikki beaching who is a renowned
worship leader and was very much part of
my teenage years and like part of the
modern church unfortunately
controversial shouldn't be controversial
came out as gay and it was like the
biggest thing to hit the church
community in the UK I don't know why
she's handled it with such grace and
wisdom and is written this book
undivided and which is like a really
intelligent kind of memoir but also
wider look at the historical
or reasons that LGBT people have been
demonized in the church and how we can
change that and why it's literally
ridiculous and not even in the fucking
Bible anyway it's not a point coughing
cough anything similar you've come come
across out there nothing that really
like I think Vicki's book is so vital
because there's not that much out there
like it and when it comes to crossing
the Christian LGBTQ divide in a
nonfiction like productive look at
moving forward kind of way and there's
obviously like Jeanette Winterson books
on growing up gay gay in the church and
that's pretty fuckin devastating as far
as like just LGBTQ memoirs ghosts and
hashtags straight girl recommendations
I'm gonna link some LGBT book tubers
recommending LGBT books because they're
probably much better at than me but ones
that I have loved our fun home by asking
Bechdel down bitch blues by Leslie
Feinberg and the gender games by Gina
Dawson I should probably wash this off
but I'm having fun
who knows what color my hair will be
let's find a non dinner dinner would
like some feminist romance my room Valen
I'd like to find more and I've heard
there's a Liam Rooney conflation with
friends but I don't think that's like a
romance god that's depressing why can't
I think of any help in the comments
please lynnae's Lynn asel sorry because
your usernames coming up and not your
name it's just like it's very hard to
differentiate between a surname and a
first name I realize it's two vowels a
heart and a book about choosing or not
choosing motherhood
motherhood by Sheila heti so good I
would like to read more books like that
the site was written recently long
listed for the Man Booker Prize and that
is also about that I am ready yet
but that's out there um but I would
definitely liked him more about that and
I think there are some more books like
that coming I think it's hopefully gonna
be a bit publishing trend because I'm
like dear God why are there no books on
this topic smithy asks for a self-help
book which is worth my time I've got
made a video all about that is called
self-help books that actually help and
I'll link that here and here ask and I
says that they haven't read a book since
yes it's so seven years ago they really
need an easy fun read to get back in oh
my god
potentially like not because I'm
prescribing you a middle-grade book
because I think the last time you read
books was in middle grade but genuinely
a very very good read is varjak poor by
SF Sayyid incredible incredible
incredible work and so fantastical that
will like kind of drag you into the
story that you really noticing that
you're reading or know so if you're
feeling the pressure to read or like you
feel silly for maybe not having read
since es6 or people who made making you
feel that way where it's at the reader
get on it between lines and life would
like a book that looks at art in an
unique way I cannot recommend enough
playing to the gallery by Grayson Perry
he is he's a very famous artist and and
has had a lot of shows and is very
clever in the way he does stuff but he's
also completely self mocking and it's
like this industry is mad and the
constructs of what we find good about
our are literally fictional and and it's
really funny and it's illustrated by him
and it's just a really incredible book
incredible every book I recommend is
incredible I mean it's cuz I'm an
incredible book recommended we recommend
data fire me books like Harry Potter
what what what do you think I am a
miracle worker and the James just wrote
a book called pages encode all about a
girl whose parent whose grandparents run
a book shop that she spends a lot of
time in and then the characters start
appearing in the book shop and absolute
chaos ensues she realizes that she can
jump into books and there's a whole
world underneath the idea of book
wandering and it's very well billed II
and like has a lot of crevices and
fantasy about it it's a middle grade
book and I mean nothing is Harry Potter
but if that's the kind of jam you're
looking for it's really good you should
have a look and the last recommendation
of the day past the damn books please
water user name and would like a book
that's very gritty but still magical and
beautifully written and elementals by
ear spire is one that I don't see people
talk about a lot AAS by its more and
famous book is possession but she wrote
so many more and is short but biting and
just like very precisely and beautifully
written and collection of short stories
that are loosely based I won't even say
it inspired by fairy stories all like
myths I'd say like creating her own
myths and stories it's really clever
I mean yet I do
no way M Welsch I'm gonna wash his
orange off my hair because it's been
twice what was recommended on the
package now so good luck to me and thank
you for watching this ridiculous
millennial sit in her room with soggy
slimy hair in a towel and recommend
books to you like she knows what she's
talking about
if you have any recommendations for
books for the people that requested them
that I didn't mention leave them in the
comments below if you had a request for
a book and and I either didn't have a
chance to answer it or and you want more
recommendations then look in the
comments make friends they're nice
people
and and I will see you in my next one
frog snog out hopefully with bad hair
we'll see we'll see it's it's just right
it's just a ride no need to run no need
to hide it won't make you run around
sometimes up sometimes you know
