we leave something of ourselves behind
when we leave a place we stay there even
though we go away and there are things
in us that we can find again only by
going back there have you ever hated a
cliche and then it kind of came true
well this is the story so every year
whatever I'm doing wherever I'm supposed
to be I always end up on this train the
same day every year I pack haphazardly
because most of the time I don't plan to
go I come to this station I follow these
strangers I wait at this bus stop and I
get on this bus a double-decker with
more camping gear on it than people I go
to this middle of nowhere a picture
dodgy borrowed ten and for some reason
though I know almost no one and kind of
home when I first came to Greenbelt
festival
I was letting go of my lifelong
Christianity growing up in a mishmash of
denominations in my teenagers getting
really sucked into the evangelical
silver ring things side of Christianity
on my gap year working for the Church of
England and eventually after a lot of
long Welsh beach walks I let it go it
was during that time when I was
determined to be furious about my past
Christianity about my past culture but I
first came to Greenbelt Green Valley is
this weird festival I know they were
might we call in a weird that started in
the 1970s were started by farmers actors
artists musicians theologians and used
car dealers it was started by a bunch of
Christians but it's very much turned
into this kind of TED talk arts
multi-faith no faith kind of affair and
when I say affair I kind of mean it I
sneaked away every year mainly on my own
and just go every year I find something
different and yet I can depend on it to
always be the same I meet new ideas and
make peace with old ones I discover
Muslim female grime artists theatre
would have never gone to see other
engaging political debates about
transgender issues in the Bible and
discover new poets I watch old heroes
weirdly because of my background there's
always somebody I recognize somebody
that goes hey I know you come for tea
it's got its faults of course it does
every year I make new friends chip off
parts of my ignorant strangers who
aren't quite strangers invite me for
barbecues as people they kind of know
but definitely love I discover
Palestinian fusion bands Greenbelt was
the only of the UK festival apart from
Glastonbury that goes over to Palestine
and actively seeks out new Palestinian
musical talent and flies them over
 cool xlp is a charity that works
we've deprived inner-city areas and the
teenagers in them to help them create
bloody amazing art watching their
performances every year is one of the
highlights I always have my views
challenged
I always come away feeling like my
agnostic views haven't just been
respected they've been valued I watched
the non-binary journalist Jack Monroe
who I look up to so much do one of the
most amazing speeches I've ever heard
about food banks I am still not the same
I watched my friend Sarah talk about
craft a visitor I watched the girl from
a viral protest photo to talk about the
effects it had had on her at such a
young teenager I listened to a nun talk
in the most eloquent way about economics
for somebody who's taken a vow of
poverty and lives in the moment she
knows a lot more about what's going on
in the world than I ever will and I had
some thoughts like this basically what
I'm trying to say is if you're
interested in the impact that faith has
on our society and all it has it has an
effect if you're nervous to go to a
festival walk because you think it's
gonna be too loud or too raucous or not
you're seen this festival is chill it's
safe it's calming but it's also dynamic
and inspiring I sound like I'm being
paid I'm not being paid these people
don't know I make it this bill it's held
in the grounds on an old manor house and
it kind of feels like we've started a
new world out here just for a few days
it's hard to explain but the people here
kind of feel like family families not
right either it's like we're in on some
joke but the joke is we want things to
change and we were winking at each other
going yep me too I actually think this
could be possible one of the things I
didn't get
anywhere else in all the places I've
been this year is a multi age and
multi-faith debate about brexit with
both sides having their say as you can
see it's pretty bloody crammed but I
don't think I've ever been in such an
open multi-age discussion about brexit
and what it means for all of us
yeah I got I guess I guess we run on a
joke do you think we can change this
yeah and we kind of all look each other
like it's kind of funny and kind of
possible to some of you this huge group
of friends of mine might look pretty
lame they're dogs I know but they're
they're my dogs I guess what I'm trying
to say is a cliche wherever I go in the
rest of the year this is still home
