I don't have an external mic I just want
to feel like a real youtuber hello and
welcome back to just kiss my frog today
we're gonna be talking about something
very serious a serious subject
networking now if you can't do it you
can die darling this or what I'm not
working if you've got Network well how
are you going to get a job I'm going to
live hi girls make friends oh darling oh
it's not about what you know it's who
you know the word networking used to
fill me with dread mainly because when I
heard the word networking what I really
heard was disingenuous way of connecting
with people to get what you want and
also because I felt like all of my
actual experience all of my actual
skills we're gonna be invalidated if I
couldn't do this one thing I have since
learned that networking is not about
being an extrovert and it's not about
using people if you like if you want to
use those terms I networked my way to
London and I networked my way into all
these big jobs and I networked my way to
YouTube stardom
what I actually did was find people that
I had common ground with who I genuinely
want to care about and be friends with
whether we both have room for that in
our lives or time for their lives is
another matter but there's definitely
with most people I network with it's
it's an intention of friendship or at
least a mutual respect and like care
about each other professionally and
personally when I was coming into the
publishing and coming into London I was
kind of at this point where I was like I
don't know anybody in publishing and I
don't know anybody in London I started
talking to people which meant I started
getting invited to parties and social
events and things and I started meeting
people in publishing and I started
making genuine friends with them not
because I was trying to get a job in
publishing because at that point I was
really sure because I was trying to
explore different things find out about
different people I wanted to hear about
what it was like to live in London I
wanted to know about these people in
these creative industries or trying to
get into these creative industries and
it was through networking getting to
know these people that I realized that
that is what I want and I had so much in
common with these people we have a
common enthusiasm for an industry for a
topic for a way of doing things since
then I've been working for big and small
publishing companies for the last five
years and
bloody loved it in every single job that
I've had I've known people in or if I've
you know but I haven't networked my way
there but but this has always been this
like recognition that I've already had a
contact with that company or that idea
or all that topic and that's been
brought about by getting over my fear of
networking now another reason why I was
like do mi even person who's supposed to
make this video I asked myself that
question because I am I think an
extrovert in a mid Trevor I definitely
need to have my own but I the prospect
of talking to people doesn't in general
instill fear in me but I definitely
still walk into rooms and go I'm not
clever enough to be in this room I
shouldn't I don't know enough to be in
this room I still hide in the toilet
sometimes I still I think was a really
am kind of shy child as anyone I met and
my extroverted best friend rah and and
kind of got into theater and got into
churchy stuff as well and just was just
thrown into these groups of people all
the time that I became somebody who felt
okay in those situations and I don't say
always feel comfortable in those
situations but I always feel like I will
still be me at the end of it or I don't
feel like I'm actually literally going
to self implode in those situations and
so I took some notes on how I think
networking can be a fun thing and a cool
thing and how to get through it or how
to thrive as a networker and so on the
notes I made showed me that I am
actually kind of scared of networking
even though part of me was like I
shouldn't make a video networking
because I find it easy and I shouldn't
make a video because I'm not the person
who's nervous networking but from these
notes and from the memories that they
brought up I was like oh hell I am such
a nervous Network here are some tips on
what to do when you're in the situation
where people are expecting user network
or you might even just want to network
cliche bit of advice everybody is
nervous in the situation's you start to
get to notice when you hang around with
like quite powerful people in industries
people who are directors and and you
know Archbishop's of their industries
and and they're still like do you think
that talk went okay or or do you know
any but know anybody here like they're
still nervous amazing people and I think
that's another thing that people think
you're just networking with powerful
people because they can get you
something actually these powerful people
have really interesting stories about
how they got there is not automatically
inherently we're
to want to know people who are higher up
than you who've got the kind of
positions that you want all the
positions that you're interested in I
think if you love your industry that's a
natural thing that you're gonna want to
do I believe wholeheartedly that
networking is not a creepy thing unless
you make it a creepy thing unless you
make it superficial and there definitely
have been times when I feel snubbed or
feel used or feel like people are just
and trying to see what they can get out
of me and then moving on but we're all
intelligent humans everybody can sniff
those people out people in my industry
know who those people are and by all of
the lovely people I know in my
industries it's not it's not one there's
and all they're about they're not here
to judge you
yeah everybody's nervous in the
situations everybody is struggling for
things to say and everybody is scared of
silence why do you think British people
talk about the weather all of the time
one of the things that feels like a
false thing to do again there'll be a
lot of constructs in these things but
they're not it's not bad to be prepared
one of the things I do is prep
conversation pieces
now this isn't like I rehearse what I'm
gonna say or say something formal about
the thing I'm supposed to be talking
about and what the network thinking is
about I'm more just kind of like think
of something funny that happened to me
that day you know something weird that I
saw in the tube or something some weird
bit of news that I saw that I was like
did you know that Melania Trump has a
stunt double weird fact that I might
have read in a book weird places that
I've been that week that were like
unusual and maybe people haven't heard
about and I think of three things in my
head on the way to the event and be like
okay if I'm stuck for what to say these
are the kind of things that are just
like normal human things that
everybody's interested in and everything
everybody experiences try and not make
those things Netflix shows because you
know everybody watches that and I'm
always like when people are like have
you watched that show oh like try and
make them more funny relatable human
things bits of new bits of science about
human behavior one of my ones used to be
oh and I'm actually doing the publicity
for this author at the moment who is
writing about history of words you know
that the word for the measurement of
toothpaste you put on your toothbrush is
a nurdle yeah I know like a nurdle of
toothpaste how weird is that do you know
what I was in the City of London the
other day and I found out this a fun
fact about the City of London I don't
know you know you know you you can do it
you're interesting people having those
openers that are funny or at least
interesting put people ease there things
that kind of like irrelevant but also
engaging and tell the person something
about you that you're interested in lots
of different things and you're a whole
person rather than just like hello my
name is Luna I work for the Ministry of
Magic like your whole person arrived as
a whole person remember that you're
hopeless and have little anecdotes to
fill the silences that you fear as a
whole person the second one is half a
ritual now this is a weird one I
developed just and I think from when I
was a really nervous person especially
like even going to parties as a kid I'd
like do this and when I'm like knocking
on a door or about to go into an
entrance or you know enter somewhere I
have this thing where I just like make
sure I swallow and it's like slows me
down
I'm doing it now I'm nervous and it
slows me down I have this thing in my
head that I like if I haven't swallowed
I can't go in if I haven't I just do one
big go and then I go in and I don't know
what it is but it gives me this kind of
like grounding and like this okay I
didn't swallow it let's go I just
realized what it sounds like enjoyable
give me number three it's okay to tell
little white lies I don't mean like
white lies like mm actually I'm the CEO
of the world I mean more white lies in
there and you might be looking for
something you're actually not looking
for or you don't know the answer to a
question that you actually know the
answer to so say if I'm at a conference
I might be like oh sorry do you know
where the loser oh cool cool cool and
then like come back and be like well
thanks for telling me where the lose
word that was you know that's great I
couldn't find them they wore such a
confusing building
how are you anyway well like sorry to
bother you but I can't find my program
do you know what time this event is at
one time and this is when I lived in a
flat on my own and I was having a bit of
a weird time I just I had this nitros I
knew I was getting this spiral of
getting down and I was like you know
what I feel like I just really need a
dance and like you know it was already
like 10:00 at night and all my friends
like I they're already out or like it
was unfair to bring them over be like do
you want to go out and so I put on like
my clothes and didn't wear makeup
and I went to like the nearest to kind
of dance venue to me that was like that
was comfortable in and I knew I went up
to the bar dressed to the nines sober
ordered one shot went up to the dance
floor saw this group of girls this group
of strangers and I just walked up to
them and I was like so drunk
sorry I've lost my friends I don't know
where they
God do you mind if I dance with you guys
and they were like oh my god sure I kind
of adopted this group of girlfriends for
night it was really fun and I think
there's anything wrong with those kind
of little openers that technically not
true but also like ways for you to
interact with a human that you like
number four trance look at your phone so
there will be times in networking events
or parties where you're on your own and
you can't see an opener or you look it
looks like everybody is in really
in-depth conversations at those points
try and not pull your phone up when I
see somebody who's on their own at a
party looking interested or peering
around and I think oh that person looks
alright they look quite comfortable with
themselves and they're on their own I'm
gonna talk to them because most people
are nice and most people want to get you
out of the situation like that and
include you if you're on your phone it
looks like you're busy you might be
doing a work email text and a boyfriend
do something else and I feel vulnerable
going up to you and including you in the
group or sighing in conversation because
I think that I might be interrupting it
was a chance for me of being rejected so
so I don't go it's people who are on
their phones and that's a mistake that I
used to make that then I noticed I was
making the automatic thing is to go I'm
on my own
everybody must be looking at me or I've
got a spare minute I'm gonna check my
phone while it makes you feel less
awkward in the moment in the long term
it has the opposite effect a way that I
learned to deal with this or when I
realized that I was like having problems
being on my own in public and feeling
like everybody was watching me I started
purposely going to art galleries and
like stuff where things are quiet and
there were other people around but I
also had to be quiet and I went there on
my own and I kind of sat with myself so
I think it's a really good way to like
realize that you might not be really
comfortable with yourself and go to art
galleries in your own and just be
comfortable being on your own in public
and looking interested number five it's
okay to go to the loo now everybody
knows what Cady heron sitting in her
cubicle and that sounds tragic but
actually you haven't failed at an event
or failed at a party or or rearing the
knight by going to the toilet for half
an hour because if you don't know
anybody they're not gonna notice that
you've gone it doesn't matter how long
you're in there for how long it takes to
come out again and I still do this
sometimes if I'm having a nervous night
or a bit of an anxiety with night like
I'm
all go to the toilet for 10 minutes sit
on the toilet check my phone sometimes I
put my headphones in and just listen to
a few songs and I'm like okay I'm gonna
go back out the toilet never
judges you the toilet isn't on a timer
like right you've been in there 20
minutes you're a tragic mofo now equally
as part of this if it helps is that it's
okay to have an escape route it's okay
to have a reason in your head like you
have those three talking points to go to
the party with and have a reason that
you have to leave in your head and now
again could be a white lie anything is
hurting anybody nobody really knows but
if you have like a logical reason that
you know in your head you can say to
people if you feel like I just need to
get out of here I've had enough and then
have it I do it all the time if it's not
my night if I don't feel like I'm
enjoying it I don't feel like I'm like
present it's okay to go try another
night there's loads of other things
going on around ages ago when with my
best friend's birthday tonight but I
really wanted to come to this so I said
to myself I'll come to this for an hour
now I've got to go to her birthday meal
that one's a bit outlandish but you get
the idea or like oh yeah sorry I've got
going but really early start tomorrow
big big shoot big meeting but it was
lovely being here always say bye to the
host and remember it's always okay to
just go I've got to go you need to say
why people generally don't really ask
you why because they usually respect
your privacy or go oh probably not a
thing basically you're overthinking it
if you're like me you're overthinking it
the last point of advice that when I
started doing it it was like this
instant networking hack that I was like
ah it was there under my nose the whole
time being honest how many times have I
walked into a situation or into a
networking event seen a group of people
that look vaguely friendly I've just
gone up to them and gone oh can I do
that awkward thing where I asked you
what your job is and what you doing and
then say hi because I'm on my own and I
don't know anybody
people generally respond best to honesty
we just like kind of converse to my
other advice but also if you thing like
brash honesty that you can have a laugh
at yourself about then I say go for it
I'm always going like oh sorry Kylie
join your group I don't so good well
feel like I'm not supposed to be here I
barely know anybody can I can i chat to
you and ask them all about them chances
are they're also feeling like they
shouldn't be here or if they feel like
they should be here they want to make
you feel like you should be here again I
try and laugh at the constructs of
networking so I'll go like oh hi what's
your name they'll be like oh oh Jessica
and I'll be like Oh what do you do oh I
hate the term what do you do I mean it
sounds like that's all you are you know
I mean like what do you do for money or
like you know what how how do you spend
your days you know and like I try and
rephrase it on the spot because that's
genuinely what I think every time I go
to say the phrase what do you do but be
honest about that laugh at yourself be
like oh guess I'm gonna have to ask you
what your job is but well there's a
strength and something attractive about
that kind of genuineness I've never had
so many comments in your party and go oh
I feel awkward and I'm like all right
and walk off get in the boat with people
everybody is in the boat these are the
secrets I hope that helps I'm sure you
guys have got some great tips and for
networking as well so please leave those
in the comments and I will see you in my
next one
