I mean I don't really know what it means
they British you're just living on this
weird little collection of islands far
away from other people feelings about
being British means that you accept this
shared heritage between Scotland England
or Wales or Lorelai the only people that
describe themselves as British are the
English you say you're British people
immediately think you've betrayed
something you're not a hundred percent
Scottish the term British it always felt
like well it should be an inclusive term
it was a lot more exclusionary then it
should be you keep BNP Britain fast
those kind of far-right groups have
stolen this idea of being proud to be
British it's just become a lot more
fractious a lot more splinters I was
thinking about Brits abroad on holiday
like we are like such decade named Great
Britain is so low mean weird thing when
you think because you go so long without
thinking about started getting really
embarrassed of using the word British
because any time I used it someone would
tell me I wasn't or someone would laugh
because it's it's not just our history
own berestov it's our present isn't mums
I feel like I'm not classed by other
people as British because if nice thing
about being a person of color you're not
really invited into satin and white
pushes spaces all made to feel invited
in certain white faces and so obviously
that that makes you feel like this a bit
like they're not as British as the
people around you I didn't feel British
because I've never been treated like I
was perfect I was born in the night dr.
ish the grandparents all day in the
South back as I confined as the body in
my family is he's British but at the
same time it's like I don't feel too
happy with what he's right now only
three generations gay being British was
so tied up with the British Empire and
under that my family were the colonized
they weren't the colonized it's not so
much that I feel guilty for the sins of
my country yes they were terrible but I
don't feel guilty
it wasn't me it wasn't my parents it
wasn't even my grandparents I feel
guilty that we're not educated about it
I'd managed to get through the entirety
of compulsory education without ever
once being presented of evidence of
something bad
being done in the name of my country I
just don't really care about Noland even
though I personally identify as being
British and I plan to stand with that
but I kind of think that Britain doesn't
want me to identify being banned are
quite like called Enter Shikari they've
got a song called system meltdown and
the line goes countries are just lines
drawn in the sand with a stick it's easy
to take one period of time and be
embarrassed about it it's easy to put a
one period of time and be really proud
about it when people want to move to the
UK from India or from Africa it's
generally because they already speak
English and they really speak English
because we force their ancestors to
speak it and I still down the street
sometimes I'll still get someone to eat
the whole slug the eyes things so I come
from a country that was a British colony
up until 35 years ago the memories for a
lot of people are still very raw and
still something that they lived through
you know they've come here now and
they're still not over this fear of
British the word tolerance has come up a
lot a lot of people see tolerance is a
good thing but I see it is so kind of
passive and I don't want to just
tolerate people I want to accept them
and welcome I kind of fit the stereotype
of a typical British person by suiting
those stereotypes I kind of became more
proud of them but as I learned more
about colonialism I became more ashamed
while people around me became more proud
of being like the NHS higher education
system both of them are in crisis at the
moment Britain is making a lot of
positive changes London Olympics Britain
it was multicultural it was aware of its
history it was everything the opening
ceremony summed it up where she was
really hard to explain and I love how I
am proud in that sense you know a very
superficial things like small talk about
the weather or the aggressive love of
tea and complaining
instead the royal family for us is
something that's very unique and it's a
representation of everything that this
could me has to offer I personally would
be proud if we took on a lot more
refugees from Syria and across the world
as a nation I am proud of being British
even if being British is problematic
embrace the fact that I am from two
remarkable places I'm Scottish and
British and that's not a contradiction I
think I get so annoyed as my mum never
let us give half-hearted apologies but
maybe you know we as a country as a
government as a people but could become
more apologetic for what we've done that
might go some way to making me feel a
bit more proud anything I'd ever be
fully proud to be British until we
started learning about the awful things
that we did in history background and
your stories and your heritage and the
stories of your ancestors are important
it doesn't give you superior tea it just
gives you a background we share this we
share a flag we share a language and yet
we'll never meet most of our population
but we united in these labels not just
coexisting but valuing what each of us
has that's different to bring to the
table
that that is Britain I think I'm more
proud of being British and more
defensive of that identity because there
are people who don't want me to have it
if I didn't have to fight to claim it I
wouldn't be so fast if we're kind of
creating these values that affect other
people then we should have a more public
discussion about it is the terror
attacks seeing Manchester react the way
that they did and that was a source of
immense pride for me I mean ideally
patriotism would be not taking a country
too seriously you love it for how is you
love it for its greatness you love it
for it we had little faults and you're
just very aware of it it's off like it's
your home maybe that will make me proud
if we could have a national discussion
about Britishness in a polite civilized
way I think it's going to be such a cool
day that I can be like yay
I'm patriotism and like tattoo the Union
Jack on my butt cheek or something I
don't know okay I mean we're not quite
Scandinavia but we're doing all right
hi my name's Lena I'm 27 years old from
the Midlands
my grandmother was Welsh my mum is Irish
and grew up in Scotland my dad's side of
the family oh well pretty English from
what I can tell I mean I drink a lot of
tea I'm a big Q er no one from other
countries gets my jokes so I'm like
British right and the discussion
