so this is a super random idea for a
video but I've been thinking about it a
lot recently and then I thought just now
about making into a video it made sense
I haven't seen Google do this before I
wanted to talk about my favorite couples
on YouTube something you don't obviously
think about when you try and like
improve your relationship with
relationship and but watching other
people online can centrally share parts
of their relationship in a way that you
might not see your friends show your
relationship will not might not be
comfortable or really want to see people
in your real life share their
relationships it's kind of like a really
weird healing process I've had like a
really nervous and kind of time around
this idea of commitment and this idea of
like relating to people and for how long
if I want to do relationship and what
style I'd like to do a relationship and
seeing these varieties of relationships
online seeing how they relate to each
other or different the different ways
are possible is really helpful and it's
really helped me like kind of heal my
mind from my own experiences my own
limited geographical location and my own
limited years I wanted to share my
appreciation for five of them today so
the first one is Shambhu Dee and she's
one I've been watching risc recently she
knows those videos with her partner
Jared and they talk a lot about their
open relationship what is as interesting
is how they talk about how other people
react to their relationship not just
what goes on in within it but how
everybody else is like bouncing off it
she went on the view was challenged by
lots of like kind of old-school
Republican Americans and she reacts to
that as well which is really interesting
and while pursuing an open relationship
isn't something that I think is right
for me it's really interesting to hear
how their idea of an open relationship
interacts with this really inherent and
quite damaging idea of like ownership
how we try and encourage your partner to
be the best version of themselves and to
change but also trying to lock down
their future they have these couple of
debates that where they face each other
but there are more than one camera but
it's not in less kind of TV way I don't
know the really natural way of like
conducting a conversation on YouTube and
I thought really
Jessica and Gregg Jessica have talked to
quite a lot in line I love her she's
called foolish folks and she has a great
channel gentleman making stuff recently
but she used to feature lots of stuff
about her relationship with her now
husband Greg Jensen she's great American
design and their relationship was like
really like lovely to watch grow they
were neither over guarded or over Cherie
and the way they did it which I really
liked
and my favorite videos s which is still
up is one about how they read aloud to
each other and they talk about the books
they read aloud to each other and why
they like it and it's something that
never occurred to me would be a cool
thing to do in a relationship girls like
our one current Julianne's is a great
one of my favorite online musicians and
and she has a girlfriend called Danielle
talked about Danielle on this channel
before she makes great videos about
toxic relationships and parents
decluttering androgynous fashion trends
ethical clothing she's great on both of
their channels they do videos together
and they're all bloody adorable and
Julia comes and sits on Danielle's lap
and things are in like a special intro
to each of her videos my favorite videos
relationships and them is one that
Danielle made called how to find your
dream girl about being really purposeful
about the kind of relationship and the
kind of person you want to be around the
person that you're with it's creepy but
in my head I kind of seen them as big
sisters and I think that their
relationship has this great energy to it
and patience that is a really like cool
combination I don't know I just I really
look up to my vehicle Connor and
Brittany I've been absolutely obsessed
with especially Brittany's channel where
she talks about basically I found what
I'm saying is what I'm said why I'm
tryna admit here is I found Connor and
Brittany's channel because I often now
personally fall into very deep YouTube
holes one of the weird rabbit holes I
went down was like RV tools and van
doors it was born of an obsession with
little homes but I digress
I found Brittany and Connors channel and
they are minimalists who live in an RV
and do loads of acro together and make
all their businesses online the Farnell
are free fascinating
they've inspired me a lot I'm not about
to sell all of my possessions and start
some sale teaching and eating to pyres
but I'm not not about Silhouette
positions and do loads of fun
rotations and eat papayas if you get me
I think they're really cool and I'm not
sure what to do about it on a practical
level however together they have a
channel called Brittany in Connor and
they also have a partnership or but it
is open and they kind of interesting how
people refer to themselves when they
have an open relationship because I
think it especially if they do or don't
act on it it really says a lot about
like their intentions to all the other
person and how they see the other person
rather than what their sex life is like
they do really anti Shamy videos about
sex and how they view their relationship
how they invite other people in their to
relationship which again isn't something
that like you can you see that I'm
stumbling over it makes me a bit nervous
and I think it's interesting I don't
really want it for myself but I think
it's really I don't know I just want to
hear what that is like and really
understand it Brittany makes honest
drugs and while Connor is on a date
saying how she feels about kind of being
on a date they invite other people that
have been part of their relationship to
come on screen and talk to them about it
more it means to be a minimalist and
date what it means to travel and date
another we need more adjectives for
awesome humans because there are too
many out there and I keep saying the
word awesome and I'm aware is not as
fully impactful as I'd like it to be
Brian had these two Irish gems whom I
love this is the kind of relationship
that I tend to be in the satirical ones
that are full of joking and teasing and
a very dry and I I love the way they
present themselves online because they
don't shy away from their affection for
each other but they also are in my mind
bike first and foremost best friends
that's how they present themselves and I
fucking love the way they do it online
they're just so they're so hundred miles
an hour
Banta circus but you can tell that they
can be like that because they really
love each other and they also do those
and stuff about gender and how Bry in
particular identifies is like not
feeling completely comfortable with
being masculine and Kandi's being viewed
as less feminine sometimes how they see
gender in they're essentially very
heteronormative relationship but also
isn't completely binary in gender
expression and has a lot of nuances in
it and
I know I could hold their relationship
to the light and see that it's
transparent and yet full of glitter am I
tired I don't know the time is 2 a.m.
oh yeah rosin rosy rosin rosin rosy and
there are people I've been watching
longest as like couple on YouTube
they're a couple
they're hilarious I've been watching
them since the webcam days and I think
if I ever met them I would die thanks
for watching this weird idea for video
it's good to stop idolizing couples in
films on on TV and start watching real
couples enact their real life and be a
lot more honest about it I think is a
bit of like a kind of pretty well
grounded resistance for youtubers to
share their relationships online but I'm
always grateful to people to have in a
really effective way and as somebody who
struggled with like working out what
they whatever relationship before I
can't neglect or really look away from
the fact that these people have really
helped me saw those things out on my
head and helped me move forward so thank
you to those people oh this has been
about warm squishy a little certain
comfortable should probably do some
banter and them to banter banter doubt
Britain during this snap general
election at the moment is absolutely
bantered out there is no more banter at
the bra
we're tired we're sick of worrying all
we want to do that as a country okay
thanks for watching frog leg out but it
comes don't move
