hello and welcome back to just kiss my
frog was just giving my soul a brief
power nap after the 40 days of videos I
did during Lent if you haven't seen that
you can click here so I'm back for more
videos which is a joy isn't it well
we'll see yes we'll see I know this
could be today I wanted to pay
homage to some of my favorite ginger
characters now over the seven years that
just because my frog has been available
online and I have changed my hair color
quite a lot if some of you hadn't
noticed but a recurring theme you'll
seem to see is ginger and I've been
ginger now for ages a lot of people seem
to think it is my natural hair color but
it's not it's a lie I actually have
brown hair growing up unusual hair color
wasn't allowed so I think as soon as I
got out of school I started
experimenting with hair colors and
trying to be lots of different people
and trying to find out who I was by
experimenting with how I looked which I
think actually is a really good gateway
into finding out who you are by
experimenting with things you put on
your person I think there's a lot of
criticism and when people try and do
that I don't think it's a bad thing if
you know you're consciously doing it now
I just want to talk briefly about what
being ginger means to me yes I do
overthink everything even my hair color
a lot of people think that ginger is my
natural hair color not true fake news I
have brown hair kind of the colour of my
eyebrows and I've struggled with my hair
a lot throughout my life and when I say
struggle I mean not at all I've over
thought enacted on my hair quite a lot
and over the years I think because I
wasn't allowed to dye my hair any other
colour when I was at school it's part of
me dyeing my hair all of these crazy
colors pink and purple and bleaching it
and with all these different ways to be
like who can I be now that I've left
school and I think there is like a
flurry around your 20s especially we've
been controlled in a kind of normal calm
school to change everything about
yourself immediately just because you
can just you're excited to be alive just
cause you're excited to be free and I
definitely did that for a long time and
I changed up my hair color but then when
I tried to return to my natural color I
also felt like that was a concert
because I felt there was this enormous
pressure on me to keep my hair and a
good-quality little hairdressers that
want to talk to you about like hair
health and I'm like health and worried
about body health health you have dolly
from having bad hair health it's
weird priority to have to me so I don't
like I never really goes to hairdressers
I haven't been paid rest was about four
years I bought some hair from boots that
I used to trim my hair while I hated
bleaching my hair I also hated this idea
of natural beauty and having to preserve
my natural color and make sure that my
hair is healthy so I found this like
weird in-between state of being gingers
I'm really happy with it so yeah now I
will be artificially dye my hair which
feels like a really natural thing to do
and that's in the context of realizing
that nothing we do is natural but things
that feel natural often just fun I have
been thinking recently about why I love
being ginger so much and what it means
and symbolizes to me and I thought about
all of the characters in literature of
in ginger and the kind of like brave
streak I feel like it brings out in me
or the brave streak I believe it brings
out I mean therefore does bring out me
placebo effect is a really important
thing to be aware of first character I
came into contact with growing up I
think was Pippi Longstocking I remember
reading the bridge version when I was
really really young and I think a lot of
books up into that point had involved
groups of girls or girls within a family
unit or girls with special powers and
Pippi Longstocking was the first girl to
be really scruffy and not very sweet and
kind of rude and kind of on her own she
was this symbol of like unbound
adventure that I just I just really
captured my imagination I like I
she was this amazing symbol of like
going it alone being a lone adventurer
and I loved that
then came a me and Holly into my life
there isn't a friend I have has a bit
obsessive Parent Trap at one point of
their life Holly Holly represented to me
these two parts of the same personality
that I wanted and I wanted to have this
balance of them and they have both and I
couldn't decide who I loved more and I
also wanted to go on some really event
holidays they were the big sisters I
didn't have and I wanted to be I'm also
probably responsible for my lifelong
love of pranks then came the
bed-and-breakfast start by Jacqueline
Wilson much overshadowed by Tracy Beaker
Elsa was a girl with a lion's mane and a
lion's personality and she was bull she
and loud she lived in a
bed-and-breakfast was the parents
couldn't for
perhaps and also just a memory that time
is a really great like Jacqueline Wilson
introduced me a lot to like the
experiences of others and how class and
money a sexual experience as a person
and therefore a child and therefore an
adult and it was just I don't know for
me the bed and breakfast star and the
character of also had a bigger impact on
me davin Tracy Beaker probably and
spoiler alert her loudness and her bull
shiness saves everybody in the end and
it definitely inspired me to be a louder
child in a kind of works
then came Bette Midler's character in
beaches Oh
his inspiration came to me at a time
where I wanted to be on the stage and I
wanted to perform and I wanted to go out
there and chase my dreams but I was also
worried about not being grounded not
keeping my friends and this was like a
hugely comforting film and it was also
like my introduction to Bette Midler for
some reason I haven't seen any films of
Bette Midler and yet what I saw her with
a red hair tap dancing on the beach and
I was like everything's gonna be okay
she was the awakening I needed segue
this is a picture that has sat framed in
my room for about four years now it's
picture of edna pontellier who is a
character in a book called the awakening
by kate she passed which is a very
controversial feminist short story at
time it's from this book called
well-read women wife Samantha hand so if
you've seen the goodnight rebel stories
this is like a kind of literary version
it's a beautiful book of illustrations
of female characters but I cut this one
out and I put this on my wall because
and the awakening is one of my favorite
books ever
I read University I didn't know how much
it equipped me to be single in my 20s
and the bank of knowledge that character
gave me I definitely drew on an access
later in life when I was thinking about
restructuring my thoughts about marriage
and children and like a woman's destiny
in the world which weirdly automatically
was like programmed into my head when I
wasn't watching and then I went to
university and then I lived a bit more
and I started to reprogram and I think
reading The Awakening and Apple to be a
really helped that and I always picture
toast ginger because the coffee I had
was ginger and lots of illustrations of
us say that she's ginger and I just Edna
you wouldn't think the person who
inspired your life the most was good
Edna but here we are
and lastly mrs. Weasley not Ginny she
whatever I can take relief Jenny mrs.
Weasley is one of the most kick-ass
characters I've ever read about in
literature tea if we're looking at the
generation game she is the future ginger
I wish to turn into although maybe with
less children potentially less children
I will find other way with people to
knit jumpers for do you guys have any I
don't know characters or people from
your past that you think of influenced
how you dress or look or act now
sometimes I worry that brainwash myself
into being ginger but at the same time
everybody chooses things I'm dying my
head and just kind of is kind of like
putting on my favorite pair of pants
every day or when I have a lucky day is
like my little bit of like um and is
there anything wrong with that
tell me in the comments below it's
something you've changed about your
personality because you love a character
all tell me who your favorite ginger
characters are I mean
Wild Thornberrys Eliza it rose in
Titanic princess brave I don't remember
named Anne of Green Gables Annie thanks
for watching we'll leave some of my fav
other videos that I've made over here if
you have a little root around in and I
will see you in my next video frog snog
out
character I think I came into contact
with who was ginger
