hello and welcome to 40 days of
questions I'm answering 40 of your
questions during Lent and it's almost
over
that was my best dinosaur noise because
guess where we are we're in the dinosaur
corner of my room who else has a
dinosaur good no one so I am from
Coventry and the other day Coventry were
playing somebody at Wembley Arena and
50,000 people from Coventry came to
London to watch them play what the hell
including some of my old school friends
whom I loved this is Kirsty and Chelsea
they are sisters and I met them on the
bus in year 7 which was 16 years ago now
and while the theme of this video isn't
prehistoric that kind of makes me feel
prehistoric I took them to the Natural
History Museum which is one of my
favorite places to take people who are
visiting London they're redoing it at
the moment but when it's done I would
really encourage you to go and visit
everybody look but today really quickly
I wanted to talk about the idea of
forgiveness so somebody asked how you
forgive yourself how do you move on from
something you might have done to
yourself or done to other people or a
choice you might have made that was kind
of very wrong in the end and it made me
think about this phrase it's all data I
can't remember where I heard it but I
definitely heard somebody say that life
experiences especially early life
experiences are all about collecting
data and when you think about it like
that like you're a scientist of your own
life and your own wants and needs then
there is no such thing really as a bad
experiment if you've dated somebody and
it hasn't turned out that they were the
best person for you good we have more
data now you're likely to be able to
make better choices in the future if
you've done something that you think
wasn't really part of your character and
we all know from my video how to find
yourself that self isn't really a thing
it's something you're building or even
coding maybe and nobody comes up with a
great formula without playing around
with the numbers a little bit come out
of bad situation and think good data has
been collected water has been tested
that is an acid I would prefer an alkali
history is history is history
we're completely obsessed with Dinosaurs
but what do we like to meet one no
history can be cooled and definitely not
something you'd like in your present I
always like to try and it would be a
little bit nicer to myself and think
about who I was at the point where I
made that decision or who
was the point where I assumed that thing
the data that I had thought I was
running on from then about myself about
the world and appreciate that while it
wasn't the decision I would have made
now it was the decision I made with the
data available to me if something has
been really significant in your life is
pointless to hate who you are now for
what you did because it's likely that
that person has shifted that person as
altered and because of that thing that
happened you are actually a different
person it's more productive to now spend
your time getting to know this new
person because of that experience and
how that person differs from the last
person rather than hating yourself like
you are the last person am I making any
sense oh well I bought I bought an egg
from a natural history resume that's
supposed to hatch into a dinosaur I will
update you thank you for watching 40
days of questions this is day 37 Oh
you can watch the playlist here and I
will see you tomorrow
folks look out
you
