hey so I've just been hanging out with
some of my old acting friends on South
Bank which is really really cool we
drank some cider we sat on deck chairs
yes as soon as it gets in any way warm
in Britain deck chairs appear in
inappropriate places and when I say old
actor friends I mean like I used to act
with them but they're still acting we're
hanging out with a guy who's currently
at RADA
hanging out with my friend Daniel why
who is the comedian hanging out with my
friend Teddy who is an amazing director
and actor and weirdly I start thinking
about this question that somebody asked
me how does it feel to be a role model
or do you consider yourself a role model
and that's one of the questions I was
asked quite early at the beginning and
I've been mulling it over every sin it's
just because like it's a really awkward
question to answer however you decide to
apply so like if I say yes actually like
being a role model it's really like it
really gets me up in the morning that
would one make me sound like an asshole
and at the same time disqualify me from
being a role model but if I go I'm not
role model I'm actually really awful I'm
terrible then I'm a bad role model
because I'm somebody who doesn't believe
in themselves or back up their own so
forth I'm somebody who can't accept
praise or isn't really sure while
they're doing something cuz what I like
to be fair when you put your opinion
when anyone puts their opinion out in
the world there is like there is a level
to which you're admitting that you want
other people to think the same as you or
you want them to be influenced by you or
you think that your way of thinking
could help and that is got a girl I have
some arrogance behind it but it also
made me think about this idea of role
and like people's idea of actors and
whether they're genuine and I think the
idea of authenticity is really really
big on YouTube but is it really what we
think it is I bought this book today
called pretentiousness Wyatt matters by
Dan Fox when I bought this book The
Bookseller
looked at me and my friend Hedy I was
like and said yeah I can't imagine why
you to buy this book offensive but yeah
I've been reading on the cheap home and
I'm really enjoying it and it made me
think of two things
sober top-bracket I just took a little
bertolt brecht and when I was first like
getting into drama and I was in the
Caucasian short circle at school I
studied him again at uni and I bloody
love him and he has this idea of epic
theatre oh that he developed in Berlin
like a massive Marxist and like I don't
really agree with everything he says but
he had a really interesting way of
thinking about theater and he wanted
people to know that it was a pretense
like this kind of naturalist Garak way
of of acting where you you try and be as
natural and present as it convincingly
as possible that wasn't Bertels bad he
thought that if you got too swept up and
and the action became too believable
onstage people would miss the point of a
play or they'd go away and be so swept
up from the emotion that they wouldn't
change something because all of his
plays are really political this idea of
epic theatre meant that he wanted you to
be aware that everything you saw onstage
was an artifice now with YouTube this is
really interesting because I don't know
if you've noticed but a lot of youtubers
do this now just thinking the audio or
you'll see them reach in and turn it on
and turn it off you also get to see
backstage in their life you see follow
me around videos and get ready with me
videos and videos where you you're
literally shown the set being set up and
to me that's a really interesting epic
theater style way of communicating with
an audience because it's showing you
reminding you that it's not real
reminding you that you don't
automatically have audio reminding me
that you're reaching in and turning
something on to record
we're not permanently on we're not
permanently mic most youtubers hopefully
me included literally showing you that
we are playing a role I think we think
about role models is important to
acknowledge that you're not inherently a
perfect or good person you are literally
playing a role in somebody's life when I
say this person is my role model I'm
still putting myself in the foreground
the role model is the Maggie Smith the
wise character the usually quite
one-dimensional in the background
influencing me and that's so that's not
a bad thing that's okay but it is when I
accept the term role model I'm accepting
that that makes me a little bit
two-dimensional and it makes me into an
artifice and I think that's playing a
role for you and that's okay because
with that comes the recognition that I'm
not actually that thing or I'm not
completely that thing this book from
what I've read of it talks about what's
bad with pretending this this pre tense
is this before you become something you
are exploring it's a childlike way of
exploring the world it's playing a role
mimicking to see
fits looking at people you admire and
seeing what parts of them you can model
yourself on the book goes on to talk
about Shakespeare and this all the
world's a stage and all the men and
women merely players line which is in
fact actually taking from the motto of
the globe theater before Shakespeare
wrote it down which was the whole world
is a play house some militia a critic
apparently called Lionel's trilling held
the view that Shakespeare in
Shakespeare's era people acted as part
of a rigid social system so Shakespeare
saying that wasn't going go out and be
anything and do anything and this
literary critics theory is that he was
more saying everyone is literally a
little like an actor adhering to a set
of external gestures learned from
manuals of rhetoric if you were true to
the persona you're presenting to others
then you could commit no falsehood being
sincere to thine own self as the line
from Hamlet goes was the most important
moral aspiration and the morality was
derived from the external sources your
place in the social hierarchy and
ultimately God and then he goes on to
say how the Enlightenment changed that
and I even got to that bit yet yeah the
idea of individualism and was very
different in Shakespeare's day and it's
really interesting when people call say
that I have been a role model for them
because it implies this like I don't
know I feel like if I accept it it
implies this really bad thing where I'm
like people copy me be like me I am a
role model and when actually like our
idea of like who we are individually and
if it's bad to copy other people and if
it's bad not to be authentic it's like
really modern and new and not
necessarily always helpful but I do like
this idea of what this guy said in the
book about how you can't commit a
falsehood if you are acting up to your
role how well you act or how well you
fulfill a role is kind of how good you
are and like it's weird because I am do
you like some of my videos but I often
but sometimes I watch them back and I
don't remember saying that thing or I
listen to myself saying that thing you
know I was quite clever where did I get
out from I don't know and and I often
forget my own advice and I often don't
follow it and I often need to hear the
words I've said to myself and videos
again because I slip up and I fail all
the time so really if I have to give
to myself am I really that great at all
but I'm not pretending when I say those
things I'm not stealing them from
anywhere and I'm not I never feel like
I'm playing I never feel I can be false
when I'm online I just know that I often
present my best self and as long as you
guys know that too then that's fine when
somebody gives you a compliment and you
immediately feel like you have to
correct them is that really right
because if they've seen something good
in you that probably means that it's
true and reminding them that you're not
like that all the time or like sometimes
you slip up or oh no you've got it all
wrong I'm actually not that great might
not be correct what is so bad with
setting yourself high standards what is
so bad about letting other people set
high standards for you what is so bad
about accepting your compliment because
at some points you have reached a peak
when you're an Olympic runner you take
the medal for the time around the
fastest and you carry that medal
throughout your whole life in you go hey
medal winner medal winner but really you
only peaked once there was only one
point when you were like good and we're
so ready to demand consistent great
performances from ourselves that we
forget that when we make role models in
our lives we're literally taking the
best parts of them and trying to emulate
them and role play with them when you
say oh I'm a role model for you what
you're really saying is I agree with the
way you see the world and I agree with
the way you think the world should be
and I I am the same as you and then that
makes me feel not better than you but
less alone and I hope you know that I'm
not perfect but I'm also not lying I'm
just hoping that you are joining me in
the middle ground and I guess and I
guess I'm hoping that you will accept my
invitation of sitting in the middle
ground about that that's what I think
about role models I am making 40 videos
during Lent
you can watch the playlist by clicking
here oh I can make a video about my role
models Oh that'd be cool Oh
tell me if you want me to make that
below and also tell me who your role
models are because I might want to steal
them thanks for watching
frog snog out scary story to tell one
day you'll realize everything you were
told as a child
to live you're not special you won't
achieve anything mommy and daddy broke
up because of you
