good morning and welcome to 40 days of
questions with Lena are making 40 videos
answering your questions during Lent
today somebody asked me and what my
relationship was like with makeup so I
thought it'd be better to do I'll get
ready with me which I feel is quite out
of character but property isn't so my
relationship with makeup is weird as are
all of the noises outside of my window
but it's also kind of a non-issue just
because I think I equate worry and like
and how much I stress about something by
how much time I spend on it so for
instance and I used to spend loads of
time of makeup and it was really like I
far I think that was silly and
university when I had like three jobs
during two jobs three jobs to jobs
during during third year so I had this
like excess money that I was kind of
saving for traveling but I don't know I
got really into like the blogosphere and
I used to like do Beauty videos on this
channel believe it or not and I don't
know it was just something to obsess
about it didn't really mean much while I
was discovering all of these like topics
like the one I talked to the last one
about structure ISM and fear and I was
just like my mind is blown so it was
actually really relaxing to be able to
focus on something that was it was just
really gets makeup on your face it's not
nobody's gonna die so yeah I got really
obsessed with it in uni but I am I kind
of like didn't like my attitude to
makeup and uni or I don't like it in
retrospect at least because and I just
felt like it took up too much time but
now I don't really think about my
relationship with makeup even though I
wear it because I'm faster at it
and that bothers me so much less I am
bloody Danger Mouse when it comes to
doing makeup on the tube or on
escalators on buses like I have quite a
steady hand and there's a cat oh I don't
really have a very precise and I can't
see when I go wrong and so I do on the
move a lot and that's actually sold a
lot of my like why am i spending so much
time and the way I look issues and and I
also try not spend as much money on it
and and I also trying to be cruelty free
which is a video which I made a video on
a while ago makeup has been used against
women so Don I think it's kind of
empowering to use it for yourself and
for your own enjoyment say flicks done
and I've also realized that it's so much
less stressful to think about like why
am i doing my face by the patriarchy
around where if it takes you less time
it starts to mean less the faster and
better you get it and when you realize
what you want out of your makeup from
what you want to look like and you're
able to get to that point it becomes
quite satisfying the yeah now I've
realized that like I spend 40 50 hours a
week at work and what I stress about
more is really like getting that writing
and working out if that's the right
thing for me and what I want to do with
that work time allocated for my life
that I'm probably gonna have to spend
for the next 50 years it also is a great
comfort to me that I live in London and
apparently wearing foundation protects
the skin and I do I think oh I was gonna
but honestly that is the whole of my
routine if I was interested in what I
use I talk through in another video but
this is a sleek um I palette I got that
is cruelty free Hema soft eyeliner this
is an oz palette but I just used that
for a mirror this is an eyebrow shitty
eyebrow pencil the nobody cares about
this is what's your type mascara from
the balm and then when I've got a whole
out on I usually put some lipstick on
sure do it now this is a lip pencil from
Barry M that loads you told me to get
and this is called pose because I am
saying that I was buying the Mac so lip
liner and I wanted a cruelty free
cheaper replacement and you guys
delivered in your droves I think this
came as part of a lip kit but the lip
pain kind of looks like somebody has
melted actual skin and spat it in to
achieve so lately since me I don't use
that that is my makeup look not the most
professional professiona just makeup
don't think that much about it basically
in summary my thinking on it is if you
find it an artistic outlet and it is a
way of you enjoying yourself and
expressing yourself spend as much time
on it as you want and if you don't like
enjoy putting it on or if you want to
put it on bits not like you don't want
it to be a big focus of your life just
don't make it a big focus of your life
if we feel like we have to wear makeup
to leave the house or feel polished or
go to work then impact Yogi's won but if
we wear makeup and we spend more than 20
minutes of our whole lives worrying
about whether we'll that's the right
thing and and what we're doing and
spending loads of energy on it
patriarchy also when my I did a video on
cruelty-free makeup which you can watch
here my friend Rowan didn't even better
video to be fair on the fact that even
if it was cruelty-free is it really
cruelty-free because of the plastic and
how that is pretty shitty so I'm
processing those fact at the moment and
I'm working out how to act on them or at
least be aware of them if you have any
thoughts on that leave them in the
comments below
answering question every day and I pick
a question every day at random I'm just
what I feel like answering so um if you
do you want to ask you a question it's
not too late we'll leave them in the
comments below and cool I will see you
tomorrow
folks back out
