well if you watching this video you're
probably either a subscriber of mine or
you were somebody who doesn't understand
the cover of this magazine and may have
been sent this video by somebody who
feels differently to you and wants to
explain their point of view maybe they
don't have the time the words or the
patience to do so but I do what a time
to be alive and just before we before we
get into all this like high profile
what is important to note here is that I
am in this magazine on page 22 I am a
power player perhaps so changed my
twitter bio who can say I did ask them
if they would like me to supply them
with a picture to accompany this article
they said no and then they proceeded to
scroll through my Instagram feed to 2015
when I looked a lot hotter than I do now
and use that very excited about it I
just think it's funny and whether or not
that will become relevant to the rest of
this discussion remains to be seen this
is Tessa Holliday she is on the front of
this month's cosmopolitan magazine I'm a
selfish millennial and when I got hold
of a copy of this I was just literally
like it's me and looked at the cover and
was like isn't that great they've put
Tess Holliday on the front of the
magazine didn't really consider how much
controversy would actually cause turns
out a lot this is Tess Holliday she's a
plus-size model
she's 300 pounds not to buy that's rude
that's not this is a feminist channel
calm down and in in wait and she is a
plus-size model and fashion professional
she's been a makeup artist for years
she's been in the industry for a long
time cosmopolitan decided to feature her
on the cover great times
apparently not for everybody lots of
people have been worried that this is
holding up a bad example for people it's
really promoting obesity and adding to
the obesity crisis in this country I'm
really just sending off the wrong
message and in some ways I can
completely understand how it might be
your point of view it makes sense
up to a certain point when you're using
the logic fat is bad fat is everybody's
business magazines are ideals and young
people are impressionable it's a very
short walk to get to the conclusion that
this cover is bad news the fact is
however that more thought than that
means to be put into this questioning
all those steps that get you to the
point where you're like this is about
is what is important and just because an
answer can be brought to logically with
simple assumptions doesn't mean it's the
right one this video is just putting out
some stuff for you to think about some
ways to think about it harder or it may
be from a different angle let me know
what you think in the comments this is
by no means a final stop on the debate
we're gonna be a very thorough academic
look at the issue but this might be what
I say to you if we were chatting about
it in a pub we have to assume at this
point that I've only had one beer and
I'm still coherent and not too
passionate first off what is the role of
magazines it's important to read the
source material you discuss before
discussing it for instance when you open
up with a magazine this is how the
article is framed Tess Holliday weighs
300 pounds she grew up in a trailer in
Mississippi and suffered abuse her whole
childhood she cried just minutes before
this picture was taken so what's her
story
immediately this is telling us that this
is an empathetic article it's
journalistic it's looking at somebody's
whole life and not just their body it is
admittedly very sensationalized and a
little bit class I don't know it feels a
bit class inflammatory um but it's
obviously signaling and the more wider
complex issues about this person that
led them to be the person they are and
it's not only noting those things but
showcasing them as a key part we also
have to look more wild wildly wildly at
this we have to look more why what
widely at the role of magazines in
society this is at active journalism for
some people and the way that a lot of
magazines have been used and abused in
the past and is as a replacement of
deity a way to say this is how you
should be here's what you should worship
here's what you should buy and they're a
tool of consumerism really like I'm not
let's not let's not get this wrong I'm a
really not a fan of traditional
magazines even though I'm very thank you
so much for featuring me I love you
please don't like inherently we have to
add we have to question the perversion
of journalism in the traditional
magazine sector and say you know is is
this journalism but on the face of it we
have to include magazines in the wider
conversation about broadcasting and
newspapers and say hey this is
journalism in his roarsville in its
rawest form magazines aren't supposed to
be Bibles they're not supposed to be
declarations or manifestos they are
simply there to report what is happening
that is what journalism
by Tess holiday being a presence on this
cover she's not claiming to be perfect
or claiming to be healthy
she's just claiming to exist something
that if you read magazines up until
about three years ago you wouldn't think
was true you wouldn't think if you if
you'd never left the house or you were
from a different planet and you just
read these kinds of magazines you would
think the fat people just didn't exist
and that most people were white so let's
just unpack the idea where we think that
this was ever setting out to be an
example what does the throne the
position this little cutout section of a
magazine what does it demand of people
who are on it it usually demands that
they have something to say or they have
people journalists have something to say
about them that they've experienced
something or they have achieved
something I think in Tess Holloway's
case it's both of those things she has
achieved a lot of things and she has a
lot of things to say why her physical
presence can't represent the fact that
her voice is in the magazine is
concerning to me if we're gonna scam
Tess Holloway for corruption we're gonna
have to scan every single cover model
and in the history of Cosmopolitan for
that for that same standard how far does
that go do we look into their history
are we looking for excuses the way
they've been if somebody is extremely
skinny are we gonna ask what their
childhood was like how they got like
that and then maybe we'll allow them on
the cover and if we think it's
justifiable enough like we're not gonna
do that because that's really up
and we're all going to do with Tess
Holliday either that's weird I think
sometimes I almost just want to be
lights people calm down we don't need to
be nosing about people's status people's
status as healthy there's lots of I'm
gonna link an article below about house
I think we might've been lied to about
the whole healthy thing whatever and
apparently like physicians and
practicing GPS only spend like what is
it like 19 hours of their whole
education focusing on nutrition and the
facts around that which are very flawed
and weird but I'll leave an article
below for that because I am NOT your
expert but fundamentally I think there's
almost a bit of them a bit of positive
Britishness coming through if there is
such a thing in me that's just like it's
not polite stop it it's not your
business there is a certain amount of
privacy that every citizen is is owed
one of that is around abortion I think
the ways and how's why of your abortion
are literally
nobody else's business and the same
weird body I think that if you're
somebody who very passionately wants to
have conversations with other people
about their weight I think that's a
strange fetish of yours a strange hobby
I think your worries can be spent in
much more urgent ways here are some
examples the failure of the bath floor
agreement how we're going to maintain a
peaceful border between northern and
Republic of Ireland after breakfast
while a contactless card requires you to
tap on a screen to pay for your meal
deal these are all important questions
why I don't want to distract you from
the issue because obviously every issue
is worth discussing in some realm I
think that the proportion and the worry
that you give to this particular issue
needs to just be addressed as a spectrum
I also think there was less cause to
worry for those people who are worried
about this magazine affecting young
people is that I'm just worried that I
just wonder how much impact a magazine
like this still has no offense
cosmopolitan you give me some laughs in
the past and but seriously the like the
plummeting you can look at the
plummeting in paper and traditional
media figures like the way the way that
they're reaching us is is really
depleted at this point and this magazine
is probably missed a lot because of the
controversial cover and maybe we also
have to ask why why cosmopolitan have
done that maybe because like they have a
lot of amazing incredible women working
for them now but as an institution if we
treat the cosmopolitan like one person
we'd say Cosmo you've done a lot of bad
stuff in the past you want to do you
want to address the fact that you
created or at least one of the key
creators of a culture that doesn't
accept people like Tess Holloway like do
are we ever gonna get a biography of
that we have why we give cosmopolitan
the power to be our heroine in in the in
body positivity why we give cosmopolitan
even the time of day even entertain them
as somebody who can rectify themselves
from the past of weird fucked-up-ness
that they fed most of us in our teenage
years and and thank them so much for
saving us just a tiny bit from the toxic
body policing and that helps them run
this cover I would guess is the result
of some really intelligent incredible
women who work at the magazine fighting
for something like this to change the
culture but as a society we also have
the right to ask cosmopolitan the entity
why they feel the need
jump in at this late juncture on such an
important issue that they up so
on should we be giving them this power
should be worrying about this kind of
power that they have and really if you
think this is promoting obesity and then
to if actually do have any power like
let's go through their Twitter feed
shall we I'm somebody who's not really
anyone I'll be honest I am just the
person in a world I have a full-time job
I'm just sitting in my bedroom yes I
have some social media following but I
in no way can live off that or I mean in
any way of celebrity and let's look at
the interactions on my Twitter feed
compared to Cosmopolitan so this is what
we what we what we're dealing with here
two retweets three lights one retweet
three likes one retweet three lights one
comment this isn't the Twitter feed of a
national conglomerate that's got a good
healthy trusting relationship with their
audience not that I'm bitter but I've
been in this magazine isn't what it's
like the 22nd up in an out in this
magazine for 22 days and I've literally
not gained any followers from it so I
don't know if people just don't care
about the books pages which is totally
fine but I think there's some people who
saw it were like oh my god you're gonna
be famous now and I'm like no no no
change here I'm proud of them I think
they're making themselves more relevant
by doing this and perhaps there is hope
for old outlets like cosmopolitan but at
the end of the day the body positivity
movement and all that sale in her is
already brewed here it's been here for
years and then now you're worried but
it's gonna affect young girls when they
have access to it whenever they want and
love it and a part of the conversation
in it and like probably bloody made it
like they invented this culture you
can't then you know like Picasa Paulette
isn't selling to it to them as a new
idea most of them already know about it
hopefully you're not protecting young
people this is the product of the power
of young people Oh
in summary tess holloway doesn't give a
 about your opinion i think it
states that several times in the article
and people of cosmopolitan who read
cosmopolitan probably will make up their
own minds about it because they're quite
intelligent this conversation has been
going on and will continue to go on
outside of the realms of cosmopolitan
and it's questionable influence and in
the light of new media
and the real decline in the reach of
traditional journalism means that this
kind of feels like a debate about an
offensive advert going up on the side of
a cart pulled by a horse in the 1930s
when everyone's like we've been driving
cars for a while now I haven't seen a
car in ages like magazines and
newspapers used to be on the brink of
things like they were like the breaking
news but now because the Internet is
around I'm like they're kind of that
inherently always going to be printing
old news so why not turn them into slow
journalism that delayed gratification
that is so important and so valuable I
think that if you want good magazines to
exist you should buy them I not spawn I
am a subscriber of Haines subscriber row
company and I love them and I think we
should have more conversations about how
media can exist and thrive and people
can be paid for their work without
losing their wit or their integrity
because I think that's what magazines
like cosmopolitan have been it before
and this is a really good step forward
and I'm very excited for it and I think
it's a great move but I also think we
need to question the very framework in
which we panic about this being the best
or worst thing to happen to society
because simply Tess Holliday has already
made an incredible impact on this world
without Cosmopolitan's she's doing good
things and there's probably nothing you
can do about it if you were worried that
young girls are making choices that you
don't agree with question how you can
help their education better question
whether your assumption that they're not
educated enough to make their own
healthy decisions about their body it's
correct question whatever agenda your
identify it as whether you really trust
women and whether that needs to change
thank you so much for watching if you
don't know who I am my name is Leena
this is my channel I talk about feminism
and books and politics and poetry please
tell me your opinions in the comments
below I would bloody love to hear them
because I'm sure my argument wasn't as
articulate as yours will be so let me
know and I will see you in my next one
frogs no gap
