I said I'd make 40 videos during Lent
it's day 14 we're still here I'm
celebrating which one do you want I
don't have they're all just a leaflet
there you go have a look through the
leaflet town which one you want is this
not every single British Christmas ever
we're celebrating because we doubted
ourselves but not enough to actually
fail so chocolate in the G these videos
will stop being filmed at 11 o'clock at
night and bloated at midnight I swear to
God but right now don't matter how will
you get the hens lay in just they pop
out the eggs today's question is
from Ln class and she says hi Lena I was
wondering if you had any tips on
overcoming feelings of inadequacy I am
starting an English degree in a few
months and after receiving really
disappointing in a results last year and
worried that I won't be good enough or
intelligent enough and I'll end up
falling behind English and something
needs to be one of the very few things
that I didn't doubt my ability to do but
recently I seem to have lost all
confidence to myself and can't seem
shattered out so I'm having Ellen that
song also I have bags under the bags in
my eyes focus Lina selfless advice that
sucks that you feel like that I'm sorry
have a chocolate for one thing a levels
okay so here's the thing available were
you thinking that was you spend a 1/3 to
1/4 to a fifth of your time on any given
subject so even if you love it and you
think that you're the best thing at it
you literally only focus about a fifth
of your time which is insane considering
that they're supposed to be setting you
up for careers where you really focus on
being good at maybe one thing or at
least one topic or one company the
grades are also marked in this way that
they take the average of what that year
group has done that whole year from the
whole of Britain and then they average
out so if you have loads and loads of
people who got really high marks in the
year that you were in you're going to
get a B but if you were born here before
and you happen to be in a generation
where a few people aren't as good at
English as they thought they were you
could get an A like you it doesn't it
doesn't make any sense
so let's discard that as a
representative of how you're actually
going to do at university especially
with English
wanting to actually be there wanting to
read the books actually reading the
books is about two-thirds of the battle
if you want to be there you're already
doing better than some of the most
intelligent people in your year because
some of the most intelligent people in
your year will have been praised and got
those grades that really patted them on
the back and they're going to turn up in
first year they're going to turn up some
nars and just like I don't need to read
this
I am so clever literally how many people
have had people in their seminars like
that oh I didn't read the book but here
are eight opinions I have on it no that
is not that doesn't worth it unique I
feel like in a levels teachers are just
grateful that kids turn up and they
offer an opinion when you're at uni your
opinion has to be based on what is
essentially a labor based activity you
have to read the book and if you read
the book and if you love the books and
you're excited about studying you're
already better than most people in your
year secondly and for the second we will
take an 8 chocolate you're doubting
yourself
you've got expectations of yourself
Corral for actually having expectations
of yourself I definitely have loads of
moments of doubt but I think it's
because I expect so much myself and I
think I'm so intrinsically cool that I
can do really cool things so the
disappointment comes when I know I'm not
hitting that so let's take a moment to
celebrate your enormous amount of
self-confidence in fearing this idea of
failing yourself people who don't think
they can do things don't even try they
sit at home in the watch TV no matter
how people live their lives again I
would still say you're in the top
percent of cool people ever to be trying
this thing thirdly if you're doubting
yourself if you're having those moments
of can ideas do this is this sensible
you are displaying amazing levels of
critical thinking it is sensible to
consider whether you can do something or
not it almost sounds that you have the
critical mind that's very very very
useful during an English degree yes you
could fail that is true I don't think
that it's helpful to have friends ago
you're not going to fail we're going to
do everything perfectly it's going to be
great that's not true
Laura of averages suggesting you could
fail get used to it but how hard you
work and how much you listen and how
much you learn decide the odds on that I
think really that we're really taught
especially so at my school we have this
thing called gifted and talented and
they like weeded people out in year 7
who they thought showed promise this is
when we all gone completely different
primary schools and decided that those
people are allowed to learn Latin and do
special activities and go on special
trips because they were deemed gifted
and talented I wasn't on the gifted and
talented list not bitter and maybe I'm
still not getting them talented but I'm
also having a really good time at life
so I really think that school systems
placed this idea of like talent and and
intrinsic intelligence on you that just
really isn't true and also isn't doesn't
really show up at university that much
if you don't work hard feeling like you
need to have been born as this Mathilde
and that you've been tricking everybody
into thinking that you're majorly
talented from within and you've been
tricking everybody and then you're going
to be found out is like an insane but
common way to feel just another choice
you make if you work hard and if you
listen and if you take criticism and use
your imagination and think critically
we smells a great degree on the horizon
and five University isn't there so you
can beat everybody and get the best
grade and be the best student university
is there to take you from one level that
you're on your personal intelligence and
take you to the very next level all
you're aiming for is one level higher
than how you are to get a better video
six-point learning makes you happy I
really believe this you're going to find
something or some author or some book or
some topic or some historical thing that
really fascinates you and it's going to
make you so happy to research it you
can't fail at that I really think that
my university experience made me happier
and that's why I was successful because
now I can like think and explain myself
more and be able to express myself
better better to others my film were
understood by the world and that's why
it's a win
point eight you are never going to feel
close to your goal if you're working for
a long-term goal you're never going to
think yeah
easy I'll be there in half the time like
if you set yourself a good goal that
suits you you're not going to feel that
near to it at the beginning I find that
it helps me to remind myself of how I
felt when I was like nine and I looked
at like teenagers and I was like I'm
just never going to get there you feel
so removed from that and then you become
that when you're not watching when
you're doing other things when you're
working hard and you've got your head
down
if you wanna be somebody if you wanna go
somewhere you better wake up and pay
attention
whoa uh sorry Oh Oh Rio what's wrong
what do you want okay okay today is
Kathleen certificate change it is
written well if you go in to reddit.com
slash arena you'll find out
