it's 11 o'clock at night
Elena's washing up I'm also drinking
coffee so I feel like in the last few
days I have been paraphrasing a lot of
people's questions and not answering
since big one that's because I feel like
a lot of them have similar themes and
you know why I think it's because when I
did my personality video a lot of you
were like oh my god you're me I'm like I
know though right and I really love you
guys I really love you guys I mean how
can you look good we don't know I don't
know but I vibe with you guys because I
feel like you're right when you say that
I'm the same as you because you make
jokes that make me laugh and you say
things that I'm like yes exactly you get
it or you sometimes explain things to me
better than I claimed myself
and I think it's really cool and but
yeah but I also think that you're kind
of all similar to each other in some
ways you should all make I've see you
all making friends in the comments this
month I see yeah and obviously people
have been giving advice to each other
and that makes me super well that makes
me super cringe early happy so whoever
there's no big deal let's not talk about
it but yeah so that's why I've been kind
of summarizing a few questions recently
just cuz I think you guys are actually
you're wondering and looking after the
same thing so I mean today's question is
kind of summarize a lot tooth questions
which is how do you get so much done
she says washing up and making hashtag
content and I could have like don't get
one like partly part of me wants to say
every arrogant answer of like how does
everybody not get stuff done like
sometimes I'm like how did you not do
all the things how do you not have a
million hobbies and poppies and projects
and I guess it's just like a culture
thing like I realized that I do not get
enough rest and I think it's really bad
for me and a lot of my friends like are
you sleeping are you well they know mu2
and are you resting are you getting time
off I'm always like no I was actually
and ironically I made a list in a
meeting at work about how much and of my
time I spend on like different kinds of
projects that I do because I don't just
do you - I do like loads of other random
 and like I realized that I probably
spend about 30 hours a week doing
projects and on top of like I don't know
40 hour 45 hour a week
job but I think that's kind of just like
a culture thing so my parents do lots
and I think also like if you go open the
church like everybody has a second job
everybody's like warden of something
organ player my dad is flower arranger
everybody like this lot I don't know I
think I've grown up in a culture of like
this community thing that's on top of
like everybody's full-time jobs
everybody has like a job to do within
like a certain community so I guess I'm
just like I've just it's not saying that
isn't to be like my upbringing was
better up here than your upbringing but
I also just think I'm saying it because
I don't think it's just my personal
motivation it's just like the kind of
example I've been set by adults growing
up and but I also think it's because I
push myself to my limits am i doing
that's great she says drinking coffee at
11:00 p.m. at night the night before
London Book Fair starts but I kind of
like think it links into this thing of
people being like you're so yourself
you're so natural you're so there and to
that I say like what is her self and how
do you know I'm being it but also like I
agree I do feel very much myself and I
don't think that's because I've spent
loads of time relaxing or loads of time
self caring really even though I should
and I think it's because I push myself
to my limits quite a lot and it's kind
of like I realize it's kind of like
being on a really long car journey with
yourself you know like you don't really
know somebody until it's like the kid in
your class that you didn't get leaving
it on with and then you get stuck in
mass with them for like maybe a whole
year which feels like a lifetime when
you're in year 9 and you start to like
connect with them or if you work in an
office with people who are like I would
never talk to you a normal life but you
end up like looking after each of these
really extreme points of emotion during
your working life or you end up like
wetting yourselves because you've got
each other's humor so much that you're
like and you know each of those trigger
points so well because like you spend
more time with them than you do with
your own probably spouse or family I
just feel like I've done a lot of
projects with myself and I've pushed
myself to my limits and I've like cut
myself and really like weird situations
and that's how I know myself so well not
particularly because I am a complete
self or because I am better than anybody
else I think it's because I stay so busy
and I think I changed my environment so
often and I'm always hopping between one
place and
I have to keep this kind of like just
like this in a hub in a hub and it's
like I have like I feel like I have a
space shuttle inside me with myself
sitting in it and like we're hurtling
through all of these different tasks and
lifes and but like I've got this space
shuttle um with a bit of me in it
whereas like if I wasn't going anywhere
I'd never have gotten a space shuttle in
the first place do you know I mean
generally no nobody knows if I've
listened to this interview in this
podcast and how I built this from this
woman called Kathy Newman so many times
I've might listen to the podcast about
eight times I think she starts the the
first independently-owned black um radio
station in the US or something and this
guy is supposed to be interviewing her
about how she did this huge achievement
and like went from nothing to everything
and she makes it just she never goes
yeah it was really hard but I did it she
never does that she goes no it was easy
like they were like oh but you lived
like but you were a single money mum and
you lived in the radio station you were
building and you managed to outbid
Muhammad Ali to buy a radio station on
your own with with no money and no
experience and she never goes oh yeah it
was really challenging but I really like
put myself in the right place and I did
it and I push through she goes no it was
easy because I enjoyed it it was
exciting like it wasn't hard work
because I was excited and like wasn't
that really hard with a kid and she's
like not really all kids do is eat and
 which I don't believe is true I
think they do some more stressful things
than that
but she inspired me much more than
anybody going like life is tough but
you've got to get through it for her to
go know life is a joy life is easy and
like kind of like symbolized a bit of
how I think I get so much so much done
and because I don't really think about
it like that and I try not to you know
and you want to like hear a compliment
but you don't wanna take it on so when
people go like you do so much I really
take care to not absorb that and go yes
I do so much
and because when I do I stop thinking
about it like this really exciting
project life that I'm really leaving
leading and I start to think of it as
like this like I don't know like this
like this sacrifice I'm doing all this
really great thing I'm doing for the
world or like I'm so hard-working
because really I'm actually quite
naturally a very lazy person but I'm
also just super excited to be living
that's just not it's not a talent it's
not a and I know it's it's not a thing
that I should be praised for I don't
think it's just like a it's a state that
I'm in but I professionally in I don't
know whatever it's sad it's not because
I'm not excited about living still it's
just about I think I get like annoyed at
like things that get in the way of me
not being excited about living or me
knowing that life is exciting to be part
of and people like trying to trying to
tell me that's not true
like that's when I get like down or sad
or I cry so yeah like I don't I really
think that when you think about all the
stuff that you want to do and then you
think about how hard that is and how
you're never going to achieve it you
probably never do it is when you D
categorize those tasks as like big
things you want to achieve or like
changes you want to make a task and you
just like get literally just excited
about what you wanted to do and then
just like don't think anymore about it
and just do it rather than like tracking
your changes are like yeah I really
worked really hard today like I never
really I don't try not to think that I
try to think like oh we got the thing
done like I wanted to do that's so
exciting
okay bye rather than giving it this
holier-than-thou thing to yourself about
working hard because like you don't have
to work some people you know it's it's
important to work hard if you want loads
of stuff and it's important to work hard
if if you believe it but like ultimately
if you're paying for your own life and
you're being selfless and you're giving
what you can it's okay to be lazy it's
okay not to do that much it's just that
I genuinely enjoy it and I don't want
anybody to feel intimidated by how much
I do because it's it's what I do and
it's how I I see my busyness as a
personality trait if anything and I feel
like some of my friends are like oh you
feel so bad when I say that you're doing
a video every day I feel so lazy
stopping so successful and I'm like it's
not success to do throwing it's just
it's a compulsion I'm gonna leave a link
to that podcast below because it's super
cool I hope that answers the question
it's now 11:00 p.m. at night and
tomorrow is London Book Fair
it's like London Fashion Week but with
more words and okay Oakland's speaking
of doing a lot on like it I'm doing 40
videos in Lent which I'm actually really
enjoying so I'm going oh um and I'm
answering your questions so if you have
a question do you leave it below and I
might answer it in tomorrow's video
because that's not recorded yet who
knows literally everything is to play
for frogs now bye
Oh
