still here still uploading another day
another question this is 40 days of
questions yes I am writing a video every
day in Lent answering your questions and
going to write the smug before the trip
and for so today's question is from Tom
Chandler and Tom Channel asks how do you
say no to opportunities that forever
reason you can't do I think for a really
long time found identity in being a yes
person and I thought that that's how you
got jobs that's how you got
opportunities I definitely is like you
should say yes for like the first 24
years of your life so there does come a
point either in your life or just in a
week or in a day where you just have to
say no to something because your
capacity is there and you like don't
have the like budget of time to spend on
it there are lots of currencies I think
in this world like people understand run
out like money or food and time isn't
one that people seem to understand runs
out energy is another one that people
just think that you can eat an endless
amount of bananas and miss an endless
amount of sleep and god this is stuff
that I need to hear because I really
don't I have slept like four hours a
night for the past like seven nights
which is at this point I'm basically
Margaret Thatcher and look how well that
went oh yeah I know okay no I don't
worry
well should get out summers and die and
also took away people's milk money I'm
not really sure what my work that she
did I just know that a repeat
performance would make me eternally
unpopular it really was great book
called the magic art of not giving a
fuck I will link some other videos about
that that I've made but I like fucking
laughter but one other little golden
nugget floated out of that was a thing
called the fuck budget and which is
basically this concept where you and
budget for all the sucks that you want
to give when you've run out of fucks you
don't need to feel bad about it because
that's just the currency of fuck so that
was the plan all along it's not that you
haven't you failed to like make yourself
into this huge elastic band it's just
that like there is a unit of resource
you ran out of the resources that's okay
it's just explaining that's people a
really great way that saronite and says
you should do it is by implementing
personal policies the point is you make
this is that people respond because
we're all kind of conditioned to be
obedient and understand and different
constructs and rules and telling
somebody that something is a policy is
very different from telling somebody
that that just no and because I know no
sometimes elicits from some people are
childish response even if it sounds
really adult and professional and worthy
it's still a childish response for
somebody to go know for these reasons
and fear supposed to essentially throw
their toys out of the buggy however if
you've recently like it's a policy so
personal policy and you phrase things to
that person like that they're more
likely to understand that they're know
is part of a bigger network of judgment
and a bigger plan and that isn't a
personal one it's not like you're going
No - they're like no I don't want to do
the thing you asked me to do it's more
like so what you didn't know about your
request is that there was already this
big framework of plans in place and your
request just can't fit into that it's
just physics it's just math it's just
science say all the hard subjects you'll
scare them and that's okay because you
didn't know this framework was here but
now you know it's here I hope you can
understand obviously because you're
really intelligent clever beautiful
person and that your request doesn't
into that so for instance somebody wants
you to come and volunteer at a thing but
their thing and you know reward it's you
want to like go home and like take your
toenails whatever and you tired you just
go that's very cool but this whole week
I'm actually doing this week of writing
so I have to stay at home and write and
then maybe go into a little tangent
about all the exciting things you're
excited to write about and they'll just
like get really distracted and be like
oh oh well you know that does sound cool
will you go like oh that's a really
great event I want to be past that but
actually are and you make yourself a bad
cop this is what I do a lot I don't know
if you're ever a kid and you tried to
get your mum to get you out things that
you seriously didn't want to do so you'd
be like oh no I can't go on that trip
where I can't go and do that thing and
my mum says I can't like I can't me out
tonight because my mom and mom like you
know who she's with but really like
you've just been like mum mum can you
pretend you're really strict so I don't
have to do the thing did I learn it was
it with me I think I am a mid traverse
slash introvert in some ways anyway you
do that but with yourself you go on and
we like to but I promised myself that I
was going to do all these tasks this
weekend and like really like work on my
ukulele playing what the glasses and
lipstick and ukulele oh god I must live
east I like I would love to like my
impulses like yes and but I got it like
I got to do the discipline thing I've
gotta like do what I promised myself I
would do now I'm going to tie my
friend's house
galloping oh I have lost all of my
social mechanisms of being able to be an
introvert now good it was worth it for
you Tom Chandler it's also really good
to come up with other things so for
instance oh can you get me an internship
or a job at your job can you like really
go out of your way to get to know people
in other random departments just so that
you can get me a job there even though
I'm not sure if I want a job there and
you go or I go sometimes in the
situation Carla now I'd like to you but
it's like really awkward and and I can't
for this reason explain because people
are intelligent
you can't just literally explain the
reasons why you're saying no to
something they can be intrinsic as you
want and actually the longer you go on
about it's more they probably like okay
we get it you can't do it but often on
something in exchange
so I can't do that thing it's really
like oh I don't know and because of this
reason this reason if you knew this
about my my situation but like all this
and but until what I could do I could
read your CV and give you feedback on it
you want do you want to do that and they
might say yes and they might say no but
they haven't just presented you with an
opportunity you've shut it down
you've also presented them with an
opportunity however smaller and less
significant and and more manageable
there isn't and they've said no to it
that feels like an equal like leveling
it feels like they didn't just like go
oh do you want to do it oh no that is
back down you don't make them feel like
one of those Gophers in the in the
arcades I'm gonna say Crusades and in
the arcades Gophers and Crusades I mean
it would have been gentler huh yeah you
know I mean those people I don't know if
the Gophers are like cool and then they
get hit by the hammer and they're like
like you don't want oh you know one
filler that you want them to be like a
gopher let's take the server that you
want just feel like you go for who's
like what and they've been go I'm not
going to not today gopher and then
you've tickled them on the chin and
they've gone okay go for theme social
fixes Amina it's also yeah like it's
important to explain what you're saying
yes to so like oh now I can't go and
with you on your handi that's very
expensive because I'm actually spending
that money on moving out flap that I
really hate to live somewhere a lot
happier and I'm so excited about that
and that's why I can't come to this
really expensive release and around your
own happiness because I'm making myself
happy for these reasons clean eater self
care and I don't like those things then
that's cool I mean like I think there
are a lot of
or some people in this world and I
always find it really hard to choose
friends or like you know keep a
manageable amount of awesome people in
my life and without like letting it
expand this huge thing so if somebody
does show that they're like they don't
get that or they don't they prioritize
their own like little plan or party or
needs over like your own like basic
levels of sanity and then at school you
just use found out that they're not like
your fav and that's okay Steve there we
go and be somebody else's fave you don't
need them to be your go fish now I don't
follow all this advice as many people
who know me will tell you I do far too
much I say yes too far too many things
and I find it really hard to say no to
other people's projects and I barely
concentrate on my own sometimes and that
is why I'm doing this it's 40 days of
questions with Lena you can click here
for the playlist click here to buy the
t-shirt you get it it's a serious you
can watch it if you want tomorrow's
video is going to be a question spoiler
okay I'm going insane focus on doubt
you
