potentially renaming this series 40 days
of subpar lighting thoughts in the
comments below
am I getting away with these glasses is
it too late because I've paid for them
past the point of potential return
probably gonna stay today's question
comes from una sunflower
and she says hmm what I forgot mine SMTV
life I should have one of those booths
with postcards that viewers of Serbian
she asks how do I feel capable of living
on my own ie leaving my parents home I'm
moving to Ireland for a semester and I'm
scared thanks babe so I used to be
really scared of driving bear with bear
with you trusted me on the narrative of
the little food thing that turned with a
little career revelation you remember
trust me so it's a really scared of
driving and then I started watching
other people on the road and my dad was
driving and I realized how fucking
stupid everybody else was and it's kind
of the same with this it's not that like
a lot of these adult tasks like moving
out or driving or paying tax are like
not daunting things but I find it a lot
easier when you kind of judge the people
around you you see that stupider people
than you are doing it most people move
out of their parents house and what is a
really scary daunting thing you kind of
have to look around and see that loads
of different types of people do it and
they all seem to still be outside of
their parents house with varying degrees
of success but they're they're out there
when I first moved out I don't think I
like slept very much for the first week
just because the adrenaline was so high
in my body I was like I'm out I'm out
I'm in the world what's happening and it
was weird because you have all these
rules growing up that you like have
really questioned and then you start to
slowly question all of them so I don't
know in the first few weeks like let
yourself buy stupid food definitely
bought alot of alphabet soup I
definitely had pancakes for three meals
in a day once I bought Coco Pops because
we have really now Coco Pops and
unless it was the holidays I bought Coco
Pops and it was the beginning of turf I
felt like Kurt Cobain I did stupid
things like I genuinely made a dent in
my room just because I was like I can I
feel like it's this expectation that
you're scared of when you're moving out
you're like you don't know what to
expect
and you don't know what's expected of
you there's really a very low bar of
what's expected of you when you live
outside of your parents house most
adults like if you don't shoot in the
street and you pay your bills and you
don't break the law and you don't play
music too
loud nobody really gives a shit well
you're up to it nobody gives a shit we
were doing nobody goes oh you should
have clean that up or like you should
have done that there or I can't believe
you haven't ironed your sheets probably
like nobody it's this absence of Big
Brother and I don't know like my parents
weren't really like watching parents at
all but I still felt this like lack of
of like witness which is like really
weird to get used to but then also kind
of really enjoyable so it's gonna be
really different I definitely enjoyed
like having a lock on my door and
knowing that I I was the only person
that had the key to that room and
knowing that like I could literally do
anything and nobody was gonna walk in I
think a lot a lot of things go when I
first moved out just because I could so
like I didn't shower for a bit so I'm
just exposing how immature did a shower
for a bit just to see what it would be
like to not shower and then I realized
that not showering was a really shit so
he started showering again the same with
being messy like I'm still a bit messy
but I let myself like just not clean and
then I realized that that the whole like
cleaning your room thing was was there
for a reason and like they've got a bit
rancid just get excited about
experimenting with all of these things
that you thought you had to do and maybe
you did and maybe you don't you will
fail at auditing and I definitely did
like just to make you feel better
and once somebody threw up in my sink at
uni and I didn't fancy cleaning it and
it was too thick to go down the plughole
so I wet a towel and I just put the
towel over the sink and I'm I left it
like that for three days just because I
could and it was gross if I think it's
also like this feeling of like oh my god
and moving out on my parents house and
moving out of this family home Who am I
and I think a lot of the time at school
you're taught like your name your age
and where you're from like your area and
then you're usually taught to like learn
your postcode so that if you get
kidnapped you can recite your postcode
to the kidnapper I don't know I
personally never use my postcode as a
child but you learn all these things
about yourself and it's always tailored
to like where you're from
I definitely think big identity when you
live in a really small childlike world
is that like your house and your basis
and those walls are like that's where
you're from like that's your little nest
and that makes sense when you're still
trying to understand the world and you
have like various levels of sensory
intelligence and like just trust
yourself that now you're moving out like
you've got a lot more of an ability to
process more things so there's gonna be
a lot more to process and you're not
gonna feel that as at home but you're
also gonna be a lot more stimulated a
child's worst nightmare is being bored
the inner child and you should be
exciting
because now you never have to be bought
the other point on this is I think it's
really interesting because we as like
our generation um experienced things in
a really different way to our parents
did I think because before identity was
rooted a lot in your region and where
you were from and like who you're who
your clan was and where your city wasn't
your town well so your village was and
also like the kind of house you owned
like you had the four walls that was
your house like often like your
grandparents and built it or something
maybe and you just like had this like
village and and like a space identity
and that we're just not gonna get like a
lot of us aren't gonna be able to afford
our own housing we're not we're probably
gonna have to move for work I definitely
had to renting culture means we don't
get to sell chop in the same way that my
parents did and if your idealized that
as a kid then that sucks but if you
didn't
what are we can how are we gonna build
home so I think also it's like there's
no way there's no wrong way of moving
out there's no wrong way of of finding
or not finding a new home like
absolutely uncharted territory um and I
also think it's really cool like
especially with YouTube and online
spaces is that we're making these like
really portable spaces for ourselves
that we can like live in and grow in and
move in in the seven years that I've had
a YouTube channel they probably moved
like eight or nine times a weird online
space that I've made for myself is more
permanent to me than the physical place
that I live in
weird so yeah I guess like it's not this
just this daunting task of moving out of
your your family home and having to
replicate that somewhere else and
feeling like that's impossible
but you don't have to replicate what you
already had and you don't have to
replicate it straightaway and maybe you
don't replicate it at all maybe you find
something different and and better for
you in there now I definitely don't feel
like I have a home like I'm probably
gonna be renting for a very very long
time and I move all the time and it's
always dependent on you know like my
landlords or who fancies you know people
can turn you out of your physical home
at any time if you're a millennial so
that's why when the press criticizes
online spaces and how homely we've made
them and how we've hung our own
paintings on the walls and how we've got
our own ideas and our own rules and
concepts and and art they don't like
that they don't like that we've set up
home on online but we just created a new
way to have a village and a new way to
understand yourself and that's okay
because it's just evolution I believed I
think like I've started to like
find a little local place in me like I
am my local impolite people to your
local pub in your heart drink beers and
be merry
oh I've written a moral down here I did
make a note I never usually script these
this is scripted I have made one note
for this video here you ready for the
poignant statement maybe the only
security we can find is learning to be
secure in the insecure I think I'm so
pointed and three in the morning I swear
to God yeah get used to being
uncomfortable because it's where all the
best is made and it's where are the best
fun is that and make it your home buy
some throw pillows but your soul I think
these glasses are turning me into a
hippie rocks not about
