so why named Lena I'm recently I had a
good coaching session with an awesome
person called Vicky meeting and she's
very cool our forums chill she was
helping me work out like why it was
about and like what I was in things and
of things and like how to explain myself
in like basically a Twitter bio we
worked out that I'm Lena and I have a
lot of questions now tomorrow is lent
lent is something I have a lot of
questions well recently I have been
seeing like a fraud mainly because I
think people see me as somebody who gets
a lot of stuff done like when I am
introduced people and when like people
do say nice things about me and it's
usually like this Selena she does so
much I owe you think I am I think I am
under delivering in all areas of my life
at the moment and that might be an
insecurity thing it might be just
downtrodden think I also just think it
is a incredible feat of self confidence
sometimes to be like do you know what I
think this would be doing more like it's
up to your friends to tell you that
you're doing well it's up to you to say
I actually do know myself I think it
could be doing some cool things and I'm
definitely not doing them and that's
been getting me down I feel like I
haven't been finishing projects I feel
like I've been having ideas not
finishing them or doing them and its
really frustrating me and it is
stretching my self-confidence I think
ironically because my self-confidence is
high enough to think I can do stuff but
it's low enough to beat myself up when I
don't do those things and translate into
me being a bad person now if any of you
watch my education Selena where I talk
about was like religious no no they see
a Christian and this time of year this
Lent time of year was one of the markers
in my calendar all the time to try and
improve myself as refreshing time of
year to be like hey I'm doing this thing
for this idea that is bigger than me and
feeds into this cooler thing it was like
plugging into this system of like
greater meaning and improvement and I
now don't do that that's not something
ideas lots of absent moments in my
calendar now that I don't believe in God
that I've gone and that's really sad
because while not that I'm not a
Christian I am sad that there's all
these markers that I think
you go by that actually did have really
like positive impact your life and you
just lost them for some reason where am
I going with this
who can say they also find it really
weird this is you know whatever
Christian depression not really the
biggest issue of our time at present
although used to be quite a biggish
anyway if some people like go like I'm
mad I'm giving up sweets from them
because I'm currently some weight like
that was never what it was about so
weird to hear people in secular circles
talk about length in this way that it's
like a time to give swimming up for no
reason or is it or is a time to like
lose weight it's like really strange
because obviously like I never want to
use Lent in the way that I did because I
feel like I still have this reverence
for Lent
it's about showing sharing showing
respect and showing and discipline for
an idea that's bigger than you at that
time I called that God so when people do
stuff like this on Midway or I'm trying
to like be on time for work and like it
feels weird it feels like a reducing of
this thing they used to be really really
cool and huge in my life in a lot of
people's lives so I wanted to mark Lent
this year but I didn't want to give
anything up and I also still believe I'm
somebody that can get a lot done
interlinking event evolving in a
catalyst and I uploaded some social
posts asking you guys to ask me some
questions because I wanted to film a Q&A
for you asked mate shoulda known you
didn't ask me what my favorite color was
you didn't ask me what I had for lunch
you asked me some really deep beautiful
intelligent questions poor she
did and I won't answer my one handsome
properly I also have some questions for
myself I have a lot of questions I
thought it's a great opportunity to
address all of those questions I have
for myself and in the bigger scale of
things answer a bigger question myself
which is can I have cheese things that I
want to do and fit them into something a
bit bigger than me so am I going to say
this wedding before work loading this is
this having I'm going to make 40 videos
in Lent daily videos answering questions
that you've asked me and I have asked of
so these will probably take various
amounts of forms and vary in quality
drastically but I want to do it because
I don't want to give something up for
Lent I want to pick something up for
Lent so this is 40 days of questions
today's question is what does Lent mean
for me and like most videos in this
series probably still don't know the
answer
oh yes we're about to find out what does
that mean for you I do genuinely want to
know it's quite interesting see you
tomorrow
