there everybody welcome to class and I
don't mean classes in the class struggle
although they welcome because my super
cool and today I thought I would start
something that could be a tag I don't
know I love my life I always think about
the things I missed out on when I was
younger maybe because it wasn't around
and it wasn't available to me and I
didn't have the internet something cold
and and maybe just because I missed it I
don't know how what circles I was in but
like I missed it and Rowan is one of the
most studious people I know research
like other people are into crack cocaine
no there's no interactive whiteboard
what kind of what I thought we could do
today was do a live syllabus so the idea
of this is that I've picked out three
categories I've picked out self-directed
study coursework and exam and we're
gonna pick out some stuff that we think
could help you in your life and have
helped us loads and I think it could be
super interesting because I think we
cover a lot at school with us so much we
did not cover face lines were not
covered and so and I think in these
testing times it's important to lay some
foundations for ourselves about what we
learn and how we exist yes yes yeah so
in this segment we've picked out
essentially like a reading list but not
just the books of like films and
occasionally an absorption list
well them is the Hammad's tale a marker
at word graphic dystopia kind of gender
focused dystopia very interesting and it
charts a dystopia for him before the
dystopia happens like the process to
make a dystopia from a normal society
and then afterwards so that was quite
useful um and then also the butterfly
lion by Michael Morpurgo which was my
favorite work is a very short children's
book but it's just about like animals
and friendship and romance and love and
it's just a really it's really lovely
it's just about kind of bringing people
together from different places and and
things like that
I remember reading The Handmaid's Tale
and being like I read that in history
but it looked different and now it looks
really up yeah I've got two one
is a parrot
collection called even this page is
white which I reviewed one of my other
videos and it's all about deconstructing
race and it even though I consider
myself like somebody who's like I get
race struggles I'm a person who gets
racer almost no I'm not
and this book showed me that I didn't
know and there's no way for me to know
and it kind of taught me respect and
also like just showed me all the ways
that I that that there are for me not to
understand if that makes any sense yeah
yeah and and then the other one is ways
of seeing by John burger burger burger
who reads the Guardian not me um which
he's a really famous and writer and
philosopher and photographer who talks
about the ways that we perceive things
so it's a really interesting way it's
really accessible it's really short and
I could have read it at 15 it's like
really simple and and it's all about all
of our biases and the ways that we see
things and all the different ways like
it's essentially a more complicated
version of have you ever thought about
that the glass is half empty or half
full it's like yeah we're like in
extremes and how we see into your thing
and it's a really great like basis one
sweet the next one's films I'm going
with this so I okay here's the situation
I picked up a film is the documentary
Lena then decided that she wanted to
split it into film and documentary
separately so I had to find a film and
for some reason all the films I've ever
known went out in my head but I think
I've come up with they're okay I feel
like Legally Blonde just because as a as
a way of examining like self-worth
mm-hmm and that comes up like it's a
it's really cool well what's is great
and also it's not it's full of women who
don't and tearing each other down like
there's not that one villain that's like
the ex's girlfriend who's super evil and
like a skanky bitch and like all this
stuff like it's like actually at the end
of the day all the women are supporting
each other which I really appreciate as
well yeah my one is driving lessons and
receivers Rupert Grint and Julie Walters
and oh my god it's untouchables it's
really awkward it's really British parts
of it happened in Edinburgh and there is
my favorite theme in any film which is
like err cross-generational friendship
there isn't sexual like there's
something about that that like pulls me
in and like like it's just
it shows how intimate and beautiful and
great something can be without having a
love story as the focus and also Julie
waters obviously falklands documentaries
my documentary is because I adore them
but I feel like in terms of something
that you don't necessarily think about
until it's brought up 13th mm-hmm which
is about mass incarceration in the US
and essentially like the legacy of
slavery and how it's not not not done
it's just in a different guise and it's
so comprehensive and it's so well done
and it's such a like beautifully put
together piece it's great it's on
Netflix that was sort of I think where
it premiered so I imagine it'll be on
there for a while and my documentary is
honor Diaries which is a not only like
very obviously topical you know
something is topical because they're
like oh yeah it's a really tough call
cos about Islam like it's not that it's
this should be important work whenever
we're showing it and whatever it is and
it should always be relevant but
obviously particularly relevant at the
moment is this discussion of Islam and
honor killings and where they cross over
and where they just don't and what I
love about it is the way the documentary
is made is that it's kind of like this
living room round table discussion
between lots of different kinds of
Muslim women and from lots of different
parts of the world and it's really it's
only focused on them and like that's why
I think it's quite an unbiased or it
seems to be an unbiased documentary
because it's driven by their
conversation between them and their
comparisons and their assertions rather
than being like Linda is from Birmingham
and she is a Muslim you know like yeah
it's it's just it feels really authentic
and organic to use that word and I think
I think it's really skillfully done as
well as teaching you lots about Islam
but I did not know TV series I'm gonna
have a sense a sense a it's on Netflix
it's eight strangers that come together
it's kind of decipher whether it's
sci-fi um but it's got like a transfer
when portrayed by a trans actor like all
this stuff and it's it's really it does
a really good job of showing individual
struggles of these people or you know
beautiful things in their lives to do
with their individual identities which
often like oppressed interest
actions rather than just ignoring it and
being like we're all the same and that's
great it's like actually now there are
some things that people struggle with
all that are different and there's some
scenes and that I've never seen anywhere
else there's a scene between a trans
woman and a gay man who's posited having
discussions about like the violence that
you do to yourselves when you're
closeted and like things like that I've
never actually seen played out before a
really really fantastic and all of the
queer relationships are like the happy
stable functional ones it's great it's
great it's a really lovely series and
it's made by the Wachowski sisters as
well so it's just all around good stuff
a good ride my TV show is a really old
one
Shakespeare eat oh did you ever see that
series it's a BBC beheaded a yes
Shakespeare eat old is an important
series historically and because it was
one of the first times I hope the BBC
put some proper like imagination in my
opinion and like well II into doing
retellings of Shakespeare that weren't
just in jokes I don't know if you ever
know the ones that just like we're gonna
make a retelling but we're gonna put in
a somewhere quirky like like like India
and it's gonna be but only other people
who have seen Twelfth Night will get the
radio get it and it's just so
infuriating so this series of retellings
of Shakespeare each one is only like an
hour long and they all have like really
amazing British actors in them like
Billie Piper and lots of people you'll
recognize from the office and but you
don't need to know Shakespeare to watch
them and it doesn't really push you to
read them after if you can if you want
and it's what pushed me into reading a
lot of Shakespeare when I was younger
but I also just think they're like the
tropes of Shakespeare important to like
understand but it also doesn't have this
like layered like and now you should
read the real one yeah so the Macbeth
one is James McAvoy and in a budget
isn't a butcher shop and the three
witches are dustbin men and there's my
favorite one is much ado about nothing
which is set on a TV set so all of the
over hearing is through earphones and
like people crawl under the set and
stuff it's really clever it's all about
the weather and Hiro is the weather girl
and it's really cool and then like um
yeah got in Beatrice is like this really
serious news presenter he's like a
harassed by her older
and it's kind of basically like Holly
Willoughby and then midsummer night's
dream is set in center Park Johnny Vegas
is but bottom quickly YouTube channel
because um so I feel like this is a
tough one because so many different
people have so many they cover such
different topics by in terms of just
general life advice and things like that
the New Age creators are great they have
their own channel and they also have
done a couple of series for SoulPancake
so can highly recommend there's some
smart cookies and they do their videos
really beautifully as well in terms of
filming and animation and stuff like
that yeah I like this because it's like
it's not content or presentation it's
like they just finished the whole
 thing yeah it's ridiculous um
mine is smoothie free or a Kayla
obviously obviously and she's like just
a genuinely really warm funny funny
person she's been around a real long
time so you don't need to like worry
about missing her because so much
content to go back on every new viewer
and she does some stuff about race she
does a lot of stuff about politics she
does a lot of stuff about like just
general honesty about her life she has
some really hilarious skits and
commentary on BuzzFeed and my favorite
video of hers is one where she refused
girlboss by Sophia hashtag girl was like
the book and they do they do it like
they read from the girl bus and they're
like drink every time I sound like an
asshole of the category miscellaneous
miscellaneous not Damon I have a musical
called Latasha for which I adore which
is what
The Birdcage the Robin Williams film is
based on but basically it's just about
like found family and accepting like the
people that love you for who they are
and stuff just about a boy who has two
dads as parents um but he wants to marry
a very conservative girl but for her
parents to come over and approve of the
marriage he knows that he can't have
both of his dad's there and so he tries
to persuade one of his dad's he's a drag
queen to like basically leave for the
weekend and it all kind of comes out and
it's just about how much like his the
father who's a drag queen has like
helped him in his life and how he should
be more grateful
all for that and like their relationship
and it has these beautiful love ballads
between these two men like multiple love
fellows between these two men across
this musical it's an it's hilarious at
the same time it's the it's a musical
that I am what I am or like you are what
you are is from which most people know
but they don't know where it's from
so yeah it's just glorious and like a
celebration of individualism and is it
can you watch it anywhere is it like so
the Spotify Spotify has the soundtrack
with Kelsey Grammer and it's great and
then there's probably an Ida productions
they they did it a revival of it the
Graham Norton was in it was great in it
was really really good John Barrowman
played the role there's been a couple
other really famous people that come in
and do like the drag queen role and so
there's loads of like clips of it and
stuff online as well and my one is going
to be a podcast it's probably gonna be
theology live and which is there is a
guy called Reverend Broderick Greer who
I saw the first at Greenbelt festival
and he is a black gay Reverend in the
Bible Belt living his life and so he's
an amazing podcast about the history of
the black church the transition between
a church that feels authentic youth
biblical and one that is about is
inclusive and LGBTQ plus positive and
and lots of stuff about Trump and if
you've watched my cereal if you watched
my video that I did with Lucy and Anna
about growing up Christian and you were
curious a lot of seeing you seem to be
curious about Christianity and I'm not
personally a Christian but I find it
really like a really valuable podcast
and it it adds a lot of - it adds an
extra dimension to any conversation
you're having whether it's like
religious or not and I think it's it's
also like a really good way to get into
the mindset of people who are like super
clever and super creative and super
interesting but living in America now
which is something that I'm just like
guys are you okay you guys blink twice
phenomenal the second segment of off the
video is coursework you're not studying
per se you're gathering and an
experience that doesn't have to be a
habit or hobby it's just the thing that
has happened all that you've done or
that you main happen that you can hand
in
look I did a project here it is it'll
become clear when we yeah yeah
yes so mine is doing something on
purpose that makes you uncomfortable
which I realized that I did a lot during
my teenagers I didn't really realize I
was doing it but I did stuff I'm like
wow how did I even do that I didn't even
joy that but for instance and I twice
actually appeared in and whose line is
it anyway live show with like four three
guy than me I can't imagine it was so it
was so scary and it was even fun scary
on some level it was just it was the
most terrifying thing I've ever done is
to face a stage without a script and
without a plan and the first time we
worked really really well and everyone
was like bawling and then the second
time went really really badly and I'm
glad by that but because it was just
like once you've been through something
that I know I'm not recommending
everybody does that have their own
nerves but for me I was like I can never
get on a stage and it'd be that scary
ever again so whenever I now go on stage
I have to present something or present
something at work I'm like I have a
script I have live I have to say and
it's just not scary and the other thing
I did was on my gap year I went to
Nevada I went to Reno and I lived in the
desert for three months doing manual
labor
and I lived without like we were seven
hours away from the nearest towns didn't
have any like water unless we went to
get it we had to build our own toilets
and like it was so ridiculous like I
loved it but it was also like why why
did you do that Lena but it meant that I
could come back and be like I don't know
I just felt that like if for the whole
of civilization fell apart it would be
that bad because I was like I can you
can cope yeah like there were
rattlesnakes that was scary but like I I
just like took myself out of something
that was so comfortable like
civilization and was just like now let's
just see what happens if I don't have
that and it was kind of like quite scary
I'm especially like 19 but it was also
really good and you don't do that it can
be more something just like go to an
environment that that is different from
your own one or like going on a trip on
your own or just like getting a train on
your own even like something that's
really like this is gonna be really
uncomfortable but I'm and it's doing
something you're not sure you can do
yeah like that's what's most important
it's like and even if you can't do it in
the end at least you'd like try to go
yeah yeah
my own is basically to work out what
makes you satisfied what is it that you
need to be satisfied so is it you need
like stability or is it that you need
creativity or you need socialization or
like work out what is the thing that you
need to be the baseline of yourself to
be just like content and like worked
figure that out so that you can work
towards it in your life generally
because I think I don't really think
about this I was like oh yeah like New
Year's resolutions this is stuff I
should do people say give up this or do
this but if you're someone who does it
is that's not gonna make you satisfied
or that's not gonna like complete
something in you then it's kind of
pointless I feel like it might be a lot
more useful to find something that
actually completes you in somewhere is
useful to you which is gonna be very
individual when you figure that out then
you can like pin it on a board and like
look at it and drive towards that I
found that like change is really that's
something I need like it's like I need
things to change not everything to
change all at once but I'm like if I'm
like for me to feel calm and safe it's
for me to like change something in my
life all the time it's that really happy
what's your no that's really different
cuz some people will be like I need
stability right and we were like I need
it to be the same so I need to make sure
that if I'm going for a job I need to
look for a job that has a contract
that's this many years or whatever
because that is like and but sometimes I
feel like myself included I don't know
what that baseline is so it's like when
you go to university for the first time
and your parents are like whoever is
it's sort of saying like you know us
that ask questions like what do you want
and you're like I don't know I don't
know universe I don't know what I need
like does it have a pool I don't know
what I need um and so it's figuring that
out like figuring out in your life
generally like what is it you need so
that your decisions can be like informed
with what's gonna Altima even if
everything else goes wrong you have
something that's gonna like yeah because
I guess like for some people people need
routine yeah exactly and that might be
involved not being a freelancer yeah
just cuz that's not what you eat in the
work some people need like a lot of
creativity or socialization so they know
that like if they're going to be doing
like be self-employed they need to
figure out a way of like socializing
with people
time because however fulfills you are in
your job creatively over here if you
don't have the socialization it's not
gonna let you so this is the segment
that like doesn't have any answers and
that is a cop-out if I was a example the
following poem and but I think it's just
something interesting to think about so
me and Rowan have prepared some exam
questions that we don't have the answers
to but it very important to ask so
they're things that will come up in life
that you're like I need an answer to
that or I need like to be prepared
yeah I need to know that it's coming up
I don't know it need to know the way
that I would like to react yeah and so
for example one of my ones is what do
you do if somebody one of your friends
is going to a fancy dress party dressed
as another culture so as a Native
American or or as a Rastafarian and that
has happened to me in my life and
there's definitely been moments when I
wasn't prepared for it I was like cool
awesome whatever and then moments that
I've been like hey so and it's just
having those conversations ready and
those reasons at the top of your head
and also I think just that room for
kindness and empathy when you're like I
hear what you're trying to do and I
don't think it's that because I read
this so yeah that's one of my examples
Jonah my would be what to do when you
think that your friend might be going
through mental health issues of some
kind how to support them what's the best
way how not to freak out and panic if
they say something to you that's quite
useful because that's happened to me /
I've been the friend who said it to
other people yeah and it can be really
stressful because you you think that
anything that you say might like make
stuff worse and then it all kind of
spirals a little bit and you don't want
to you don't want to pull away from a
friendship because you're worried about
if you engage you're somehow gonna make
it worse so it's just working out
looking up that kind of stuff because
there's so many resources about it and
then having that individual conversation
with your friends as well and being
prepared in that way yeah I'll try and
all try and leave some links below as to
how to learn how to do that because
we're like
and and my other one was actually like
how and this has happened a few times in
my life when you don't when you're young
you think you don't need to prepare for
that because you're like I don't think
I'll ever happen but what to do when you
suspect that your friend might be an
abusive relationship that is one that
like has come up way more times than I
think is okay and and I definitely
haven't been ready for it the first few
times and then like after a while I was
like okay these are my approaches in
these are my like gentle nudges these
are my like suggestive Tumblr posts I
will send you you know like yeah there's
things that you think through because I
think sometimes the human minds just
scared that things might be happening
and you're like oh my god I think my
friend has depression or I think that my
friend has anorexia or I think that my
friend is being abused by her boyfriend
and just that's getting the fear out and
being my best thing that could happen my
last one is how to deal with being wrong
out and being wrong because it's such a
thing that like you know in the
classroom it's not encouraged it's often
shamed and especially if it's something
that you say with a lot of conviction
and you say with two people that you
respect and you get called out on it
like just learn to be wrong like to
learn to know that it's okay not to know
stuff and it's okay to have been wrong
about something and to change your mind
it's totally fine yeah and not to feel
like that's a slight against you or that
you're somehow a bad person for not
knowing something hmm yeah it's like an
action plan with yourself it's like okay
how do I want to be when I am wrong yeah
do you know I'm like gonna try not be
wrong but if I am like how do I want to
see myself yeah exactly yeah that's good
high five tella a 10-4 big 50 youtube
points thanks for watching please go and
subscribe to her and she has lots and
lots of resources and lots of those
questions on her Channel it's amazing
I've learnt quite a lot probably more
than I will admit some stuff up we like
Rowan already knew that didn't know and
I'm gonna leave the questions below so
if you'd like to do this as a video
please do I think it's a cool thing I
want to hear what your what's on your
syllabus and and and we'll leave as many
resources as possible order but is that
really it's like a big it's like a
takeaway puck at the end of the day yeah
it's like and here's your folder okay
frog slow you out
I need a job sometimes again
