okay guys looking in hey son of Lincoln
hide yourself we're friends for about
four or five years no can't say your
name in the theme of bodies which is
something I talk about a lot on here I
guess yes and I thought I'd get sana in
so you could both talk about I have a
body yeah because I think there's a lot
of great by the way I feel there's lots
of videos online about feeling beautiful
and being confident in yourself but
there's no like I'm very task-based as I
think you are as well we like actual
tasks to do like things are practical
and sometimes there's a lot of like
rhetoric around being like I just need
to like be confident this is like a
pragmatist it's guys to body confidence
I'm just going on now so something that
I found is really helpful is generally
exercise a lot of people say that but
it's not really to lose weight or the
LeCun is more like I realize I think a
lot in my head and especially if you're
into booktube and you're a reader
because so much time in your head you
forget that you have a body and I know
that's really weird and maybe careless
of me to forget but I do just forget I
live in a body in because I live so much
in my head so exercise is really
important it also I moisturize a lot
more now and oh that's pretty weird
right but it's my favorite like touching
your body yeah yes they're like I always
feel a lot bigger than I am so I like
sometimes I will try and walk around the
table and I'm convinced I'm about to hit
this table because I feel like I'm here
yeah but I'm not I'm just here so having
this whole like knowing where I end and
where I begin is really useful it's
nothing worse than a restaurant they're
like knocking over someone's glass with
your butt yeah well so you can
understand but like just reminding
myself mmm where I am like literally
where I am yeah there's a lot it just
helps me for your like more real yes
that sound really weird
no don't no that's a good one how about
you and so I think for me one of the
things is that like thinking about your
body as a functional thing hmm
so the like being like like basically
like it's the thing that takes you from
place to place
yeah and like it helps you carry stuff
it helps you do things and like thinking
about it in a practical way like that
more than just like an object that
people look at ya know it's the thing
that takes you places
it's functional yeah it's like your home
yeah and if you spend all of your money
on like nice pillows we didn't fix like
the pipe work and the toilet in flush
like bad things would oh man you know I
think you're somebody that is like quite
funny confident you know in the patch
nursing way but like when we I feel like
when we go shopping together because
we're very similar like we have like the
same body it's really funny where the
you're a little bit shorter but we were
the exact same size and so we'll try
stuff on and then I'll try on I'm like
oh I don't quite like how this fits and
then you'll try it like we'll just
switch clothes it's really fighting buy
I bought bought buy clothes off you that
you spontaneously by and then don't like
cuz I'm like sure that will fit me
without trying on yeah just know and I
know have another friend who has the
exact same body size line is just like
it's hilarious and it's like we're small
in the same places and bingers it's so
much yeah and but yeah I feel like
you're somebody who like when we go
shopping we'll be in a change room and
yours be like nope this one isn't for me
and it's not like oh I'm feel horrible
you're just like I mean there's a foam
in this dress it's wrong we were talking
about this earlier and I was saying like
if clothes don't fit I'm more upset that
they haven't been made to fit my body
then I'm upset that my body doesn't fit
the clothes because it just made for
like a general mold of person I'm like
oh I wish they just made them a bit
wider at the hips really like that's a
little more upset about cuz like try and
think about all the different kinds of
people that will try on that same dress
in different sizes but like some of you
see dress me like she's not made for my
body type really like there's no point
in trying to try on or like be upset
about it do you feel like you are way
better at buying clothes that for me I
would have areas from like oh I don't
quite like how that fits but I think
you're quite like I like this um this is
my wire and I don't care what's K some
point today what um yeah I guess like
I'm just like I will own that piece of
clothing because it's a great piece of
clothing I've done it once or twice
where I was like I know this it's not
the most flattering shape I love this
and I think it looks good and there's
this like BuzzFeed video where it says
like I I dress to show my belly fat for
a week yes and sometimes I have
something around like this is not as
like concealing as it could be but I
think it's great I'm gonna sit down and
it's not like you know it's like it's
fine yeah and I just like
like just people can see your body and
that's fine there's lots of like I think
it's like thin I'm good it's like there
are lots of clothes that I look thin in
but I don't look happy and I don't look
good in right but I do look thin and
then there's this clothes that I like
look great in but I don't actually look
very fit I actually probably look
because I people would like prefer
clothes that you're like oh that makes
you look really like thin yeah and
sometimes you're like a Chinese not like
hiding a specific bit that people want
to hide yeah like sometimes yeah that's
fine to have that on show you can still
buy something basically if it only falls
into one of the categories that's okay
it doesn't mean to be everything and so
another thing that I do that I've just
like recently started realizing that I'm
doing is like so say if I'm feeling
really heavy or if I'm just like I feel
I feel like I thought I'm not seeing
myself correctly I'm take a selfie with
myself in the mirror in my underwear and
then I don't know like I like your
mirror or selfies on Instagram and I
know I don't look at them so let me take
a picture don't look at it don't assess
how I look in that picture and then I
come back to it 24 hours later and I'm
like like I look like myself I look like
me about a moment yeah like it's like
when you look at holiday pictures of
yourself when you're a teenager and you
remember feeling so bad about yourself
and how old horrible you look and you
look at that and you're like I look fine
yeah and you start to look at yourself
like you look at somebody else if I need
to a picture of you in a bikini
I'd be like you look great and it's kind
of like that yeah I need to have that
delayed response to yourself because in
the moment you can just like your mouth
and your mind is where that can warp
things yeah this is kind of a weird bond
but I it's like don't force yourself to
wear clothes that you feel like you
should be wearing if there's like
something that you don't like having on
show that's totally fine and you don't
have to force yourself to wear it and
then be uncomfortable yet so like just
wear what you're comfortable with
I never wear my tank tops ever Stern to
it ever yes and it's fine because I
think I would feel I don't think you
always have to
sounds great really you don't always
have to overcome a certain thing and
have everything on show you don't want
it that's right you're a body
yeah with it that's not the sign of body
can't still be able to wear anything is
that sometimes those things stressed you
out you know I think is this idea of the
staple wardrobe but it's like I need
three slap tops to long sleeve
one dress and two pairs of jeans and
it's like no some people just
hate jeans I also really like this thing
that captain Moran said once I can't
remember which book at his end but she's
just talking about how she's like guess
what no one has to see you in your
underwear if you don't want to show them
has to see what you look like in like
lingerie most of the time right clothes
and yes what what you wear and I really
like the idea that you don't have to
feel like oh I don't like what I look
like in this situations like people not
have to see you like that yeah I'm just
fine they're not gonna know you know
they look you be like bet she has so you
like but it's true if you have any body
confidence tips do leave them below
they're really helpful especially like
practical ones that are actually like a
doing thing rather than their thinking
sometimes it's a little thing that
someone says and it makes you think
about something entirely differently
because you didn't see it in that light
before and you're like what you just
said about the clothes thing I was like
yeah nobody doesn't he I just I just
loved I just loved that sentence as like
oh my god that's and it takes away so
many worries for a weird reason you're
like just like you can see yourself
naked as much as you want but not
everyone has to see that that's fine
yeah exactly
anyway um thanks for coming on Sanne
subscribe to Sanne books and quills yeah
y'all okay you can see you on a next
fall and frog dog
