oh hey troops so a while ago I did a
video called how cool is my makeup bag
was essentially a little quiz show with
myself to see how cruel or the products
my makeup bag were I'll link that below
but I just wanted to give you an update
on some of the products that I found to
replace I'm gonna take a moment to
silence all the products I loved to
replace all of the products that I am no
longer buying because it feels like too
shallow a love to continue when they are
so shitty to animals I'll leave a link
below to the website that I used to
verify because it's the most trustworthy
one that most people accept and that I
accept as close as we will get to no
authority and what has and what has them
intestinal animals so to start off I've
been really obsessed with a company
called the bomb now the bomb are
available on a sauce and I did one of
those stupid things while ago and I was
drunk and I bought the 10 pounds you pay
ten times a year to be part of this
scheme with a sauce where you get free
next day delivery for the whole year now
this was obviously a drunk decision but
has turned into a really great smart
sober girl one because it means that
every time I need a product or I need
something fast and I found that's when I
was buying the products that I didn't
believe in because I was like I just
need a mascara like I've lost my mascara
or I've ran out of mascara and I just
need mascara because partly I may get
mascara to keep living now I'm part of
this a sauce thing at Ace or sell at the
balm I can order anything that I need
next day delivery and there's no excuse
for me to go into boots and buy
something shitty but on price is
somewhere between Mack prices and like a
higher end Max Factor in L'Oreal like
they sit somewhere in between the impact
that this had on me is that I try making
lasts longer I also just try and be less
of a dick with them and lose them all
the time and it's been working out fine
like I don't think because makeup isn't
like this big essential thing in my life
I can just buy them less or buy less of
them and it's not really an issue and
I'm happy to like branch out a little
bit more just so I can like sleep at
night full products that I've tried and
would recommend first off I've replaced
my old mascaras with this what's your
type it's nice mascara it separates the
lashes lots it's not a huge brush so
you're not gonna get it all over your
face and I like it a lot I don't really
have that much flowery language to
describe make it with because at the end
of the day it's makeup isn't it but I'm
gonna try my best to review these things
that pretty simple like they are they do
the job but they don't
this is a eyeliner that is actually
called something else but I spilled the
label often it turns out it is their old
eyeliner just as a new sticker on it hmm
this is thick it stays on all day it's
very similar to a lot of the kind of
foam dip in liquid eyeliners that you
see it around and it's very very good
and long-lasting the next one actually
I've been using for years
it's called frat boy it's blush it suits
my very pale transparent Irish skin tone
I'm actually Irish now hilarious got my
Irish passport
hahaha brekford what brexit is a good
blush if you want to feign embarrassment
I would recommend and this is my
favorite one actually this is a
highlighter called illuminizer that sana
bought me for my birthday
and it's a beautiful gold um kind of
candle light I look at me getting really
descriptive there it's a candle light
highlighter makes you feel like you're
in a restaurant from the first day of
the rest of your life a sauce combined
with the bomb is my first making up life
hack the second one is this Charlotte
Tilbury lipstick which won't be
sustainable I also use lots of Hema
lipsticks which last ages Hema is a
Dutch brand there are a few actual
branches in the UK but you can get it
online and they're really really lasting
and they're all like four pound fifty so
I'll link those below but this is my new
discovery which is the Charlotte Tilbury
red carpet lipstick which feels
luxurious lasts so long it's that it's
last longer than matte lipsticks it is a
bit more expensive but as as you can see
I wear lipstick all of the bloody time
it's really worth it and Sanne got this
for me as well because she's tree in a
bitch thanks Donna and yeah as I
mentioned this is a concealer so I used
to use the collection 2001 everyone uses
and it's really shitty but really good
at the same time it's very confusing but
we all have like a national identity
where we all feel like it's just just
like the concealer of Britain and so
I've stopped using that devastating me
after about eight years and I've started
using this palette which is a
correctional um concealer palette from
Hema and it's got four colors in it and
everything's up all the colours mean but
I do know that the yellow one cancels
out my dark circles so that's all I need
it for but yeah this is really
long-lasting it's really thick also kind
of reminds me of benefit them
consistency of concealers one of them's
called anyway they have them in little
pots and yeah and it's as good quality
as any makeup I've tried so I'm really
happy with it that was like seven pounds
of the whole pallet last meal for ages
and then my nemesis this is guys I can't
handle it what is this this is God this
is God to most women in the UK I'm
struggling to find people who don't use
this as a cleanser so this is the
Garnier molecular cleansing water
Andrews makeup cleanses and sees this I
didn't know how much makeup was still
left on my face and so I started using
this now use my old face lips and I use
this and more makeup would come off or
more would come out of my face and
I was like oh my god that's why I had
spots and so I really very rarely
dresser from spots now that I've been
using this for like two years um but it
is tests on animals so I've moved on
nice the saddest thing doesn't ever
happen to me probably need more life
experiences but oh well we'll move on I
have been selflessly scouting the
British High Street for alternatives to
show you guys
I tried super drugs answer to it no this
is really drying I don't like this I am
gonna finish it up but probably just to
wash my body because it's not fit for
face really dried out my skin and I just
have combination normal skin like my
skin doesn't react to anything but it
just felt like chemical and horrible on
my skin I don't like it I'm still bitter
from the breakup from garnier can you
tell like nothing's good enough for me
this is the botanics this is boots
answer to the molecular water also fine
like the it's just literally like a top
so it's really hard to get out onto the
pad and it's just it's okay but it
doesn't actually get all of the makeup
off and that is like the worst thing and
also I take off my mascara with it and
the Garnier one didn't see my eyes and
this like stings my eyes like hell so
it's really hard to get off mascara with
and I'm impressed
so where again I'm probably gonna use it
but doesn't not a contender however I
have to started using the soap & Glory
Total Drama clean this is a beautiful
bottle it's a reasonable price at 6
pounds so it's not the bargain that
Ghani is but it's not too far off
and it smells like cucumber and it
doesn't irritate my eyes at all and it's
getting off all of my makeup just great
so I'm gonna keep using this one but I
think I found a solution finally but I
was a really stressful period of my life
okay on some moisturizers I've stopped
just using any old moisturizer which is
pretty much what I was doing I know I'm
gonna bother listing the ones I've used
coz I was literally just picking up what
I felt like in the shop so now I have
three that I use intermittently I will
you know run down eventually but and
this one is the Bulldog moisturizer
actually to use this during university
it's men's it's a men's skin care range
that's available in Boots and it's fab
it's also available Sainsbury's I think
and it smells like men but as we're in a
postmodern age what is a man smell
anyway and but this skincare range is
really good so I forgot that existed I'm
gonna be using lots more of that and I
really like them that moisturizer it's
very light and airy and you know not
fussy like man this is a day cream from
Hema Hema don't seem to sell
moisturizers that aren't about
anti-aging so had to go with an
anti-aging one although I'm ready to
brew it embrace aging when it comes and
this is SPF 10 and it's 4 pounds I think
or 3 pound 50 happy days and then
finally is this one which I am actually
buddy in love with so this is Sheila's
face moisturizing cream for normal skin
this is quite thick I use this as a
night cream only just cuz it's quite
thick but they actually sent me this
they emailed me because they just saw my
the video when like can we send you a
moisturiser and I was like sure but I
will warn you if I hate it I'm not gonna
mention it and they were like sure but
turns out really really liked it um it
has a really natural smell so it doesn't
have any perfume in it which is really
good it doesn't irritate my skin it does
smell natural and it doesn't have any
parabens in it it is made in the UK it's
in a really nice glass bottle and
they're a small company and I like
supporting those so I'm probably gonna
repurchase that and maybe try some of
their other creams as well and but I was
genuinely really impressed of that
hashtag nons bond finally I've got a
challenge for you these are two products
that I need help with because I can't
find alternatives for them and so let me
know let's use our hive mind let me know
in the comments what you think one is
this Garnier BB cream everyone uses I've
been using this year
I love it I'm wearing at the moment the
tinted moisturizer BB cream thank for
smudging will your blemishes just just a
good way to like not wear foundation
because I really hate wearing foundation
I find it really cakey and horrible and
a way to like moisturize your face
without actually being foundation and I
really like it so if you have any crush
free BB creams that you recommend about
to run out so quick get them in the
comments and then the other one is Max
or just my favourite lip liner of all
time and everything anytime you've seen
me and you've compliment my lips it's
probably because I'm wearing this I've
gone through about three or four of them
but this is my last one it's halfway
through and I'm it's my favorite lip
color so I'll leave some links to that
below you can look at some swatches and
see if there's any other lip liners /
lipsticks that you know that are this
shade because it's such a specific shade
of like Toronto phone camera it's like
warm but also cool and it's like a spicy
toned I don't know it's kind of like
because it just works my lip my natural
lip color really well and I just want to
feel like a princess again guys want to
be in focus more than anything are any
of you guys trying cruelty free join me
on this savage savage trip I linked my
how cool is make up with a bag video
below if you haven't seen that and I
will see you in my next one
cruelty free lipstick frogs not out
