ask me what I remember most about my
granddad which coast always have one
foot planted on whose hand I can still
feel on my palm if I leave it out of a
pocket if my femininity really protects
me from only truly being able to cry
when I'm on my own if I only call my
friends in the kind of emergencies I can
articulate if it blows my mind that my
favorite candidate in the 2016 election
is still yet to be born asked me who I
am when I'm alone
and if I can mimic it for you ask me if
I dog ear pages of holy books any longer
live by because I still need to know
where I came from ask me if I like jazz
or if not why ask me why jazz is such a
revealing to like anyway ask me which
building my blue plaque would be nailed
to ask me if I used to chew the ends of
my hair as a child and if I've got the
urge to do it right now asked me if it
hurts when I pluck my eyebrows if it
hurts when I leave the house if it hurts
when I don't leave the house if it hurts
to have a house at all ask me if I'm
real and who has been checking if it's
still the case asked me if at some point
I'll get a husband because I've lost all
my best friends to theirs ask me if I
don't drive because I can't pass well
because I failed on purpose after
watching the film 7 pounds ask me if we
used to get jealous watching the boys
play football so freely on the tarmac
ask me I've only picked up a book in the
first place so I could raise it to cross
my gaze to block out all the ways I
wasn't allowed to run ask me how I
define loneliness how I would describe
your eyes how I would quantify a friend
ask me if there's people I've lost to
I'm still holding auditions to replace
ask me how many pieces to prepare what
shoes to wear ask me if you can reverse
a process or if it's like a film
canister once it started developing you
can't take the light out again ask me if
I like duvets and how thick ask me if I
hate favours ask me who would I give up
a career to help die ask me whose hair
I've held back while all the feelings
they ate hit the back of the bowl
asking me if I'm always suspicious of
only children an atheist because there's
no wriggle room for more ideas and you
can never really be sure if it's their
way or the highway ask me if I ever lose
hope or if I hang it on the keychain by
the door at night so I can get to it in
an emergency ask me how much of my day
is really my own and how much feels like
it's stuck to others like chewing gum on
an exam desk ask me if I ever cheated on
a test or if I regret having not asked
me if I have some grudges how many ask
me what the best lipstick for a broken
heart is ask me if they carpeted all the
pavements would I throw away my shoes
ask me what the last book I dropped in
the bath was and who the prime minister
was when I was born and how I say no to
things I don't want to do ask me what
the reward is for being myself
ask me who blocks out the holes in my
heart when they kill themselves around
me
ask if you can curl yourself around me I
will say no but at least she'll know
more about me now and how I am
