I'm listening to an audiobook at the
moment um this is our felt book and if
you're wondering what other piles of
 behind me are it's because I'm
super into self-help and I'm rereading
the magic of tidying because I seem to
be the only student of Maria Kondo who
didn't successfully tidy their lives and
seems to still be tidying but it's
probably done to my incompetence
anyway I'm shaming which is segue I'm
listening to an audio book about shame
by Brenda brown and it made me think a
lot about maybe think all about how much
I look like somebody else in the
viewfinder
so that's next social questions I didn't
need and it made me think about shame
and reading because basically she talks
about the idea of when you realize that
something has gone wrong for you or
around you you either respond with guilt
or shame which sound like the same thing
but actually they're very different so
for instance and when you spill
something on a carpet and a shame risk
guilt responsibe and all I spilt that on
the carpet that was a stupid thing for
me to do and all like oh that was that
was careless of me or I that was a
stupid action and then shame is I felt
there on the carpet I am so stupid I am
worth nothing and and it's that like
hypothesis of like I did this therefore
I am this rather than like the
depersonalization of like your actions
sometimes just your actions or their
accidents they're not like a reflection
of this deep-seated thing in you and it
made me think about shaming and books so
not only is there this whole like
counting books thing especially on the
internet and on on Goodreads and I get
completely caught up in it sometimes and
I'm like I've read thirty bucks the fear
must be a julius and like us seeing a
success in how many books we consume
which is to do with like speed and
achievement she also says that in our
society exhaustion is a badge of honor
and being exhausted and exhausting
yourself is is an antidote subliminally
for us being afraid to look lazy or to
look slow and I think that that's why
sometimes I will read a really fast book
so I can get my cow
on Goodreads - like 30 even though my
Goodreads thing is private and that's
the whole other story but like I like me
and about ten people can see my good
reasoning but I'm like I've read 30
books this year Julius now I'm gonna
read a what I'm gonna be mastermind but
then the thing that made me think most
about was um reviewing books and how are
you review books because like so write a
book right it's to entertain or to
inform I think they're the two things
that it's doing so if you're not
entertained by something if you're not
either in on the joke or in on the
fantasy and it's not something that you
want to imagine happening like a romance
or because you that's just not something
you want to imagine or and you're not in
on the joke and you don't find a book
funny or so a book is there to inform
and help you understand something
whether that's the character or a
perspective or a civilization structure
or a scientific theory or a
psychological practice or a run out of
things you could have learned books were
so reviewing books is very weird because
we very rarely want to review a book in
relation to us so when we realize that a
book isn't something we'd enjoyed and it
wasn't good in our eyes we're either
default to being like I read this book
and I didn't like it or I read this book
and I didn't like it there's something
wrong with me or there's something wrong
with them and that's the shame reaction
rather than the guilt reaction so for
the shame reaction we either push it on
us and think I wasn't smart enough to
understand that book I was too ignorant
to understand that book I didn't have
the attention span to understand that
book or that person's perspective I
didn't care enough and therefore I'm a
bad person that book has made me feel
bad and it means that it will stop us
from either picking up another book
similar to it or we'll go on to the next
stage of fun shame times and we think
there's something wrong with that author
and and that is so hard because I review
books badly sometimes but I try and
unpack why and I think that I am going
to try more consciously to include
myself in the review because there's
literally no other way to do it
these past however many years working
and publishing is like so weird because
often I will read a book and not like it
and then meet the author really like
them
and then just wish I'd liked the book
and or I will love the book and meet the
author and hate the author and then
their stories that'll never see the
light of day and also the author's
relationship to their work is as tenuous
sometimes as your relationship to their
work living is that sometimes we want a
book to play a role in our lives and
then it doesn't play that role in our
lives
or it isn't intelligent enough for us
and our learning level so we discard it
but if I had more shame in my life I
would apologize for that
and then we make a review that says this
book is stupid it's too simple which is
what here around some way sometimes I
hear about some adult fiction books that
people don't think is on their level and
and then other people hear that review
and go I like that book that must be
that must mean that I'm stupid and I see
that we'd like voting rhetoric they
laughed at the moment to where people
are like people made that decision I
don't feel good about the outcome of
that voting decision so I either feel
guilt for not doing enough and maybe not
relating to the people around me you
feel guilty about the shock of not being
able to predict what the other humans
around you were thinking in other parts
of the country and then you project that
into shame and it's not shame on you
it's shame on other people and going all
those people didn't make the decision I
would make shame on them rather than
something else something else some other
kind of response there might be a little
bit a little bit better a little bit
better so the point is that guilt is
something that will help you along so
maybe like I really wanted to read the
book and I didn't get round to it and
that's a rubbish thing to do because
that is something I should prioritize
because I really care about reading that
book and the issue in it or I didn't
like that book maybe I don't understand
enough of that perspective or maybe I
don't remember what it's like to not
know those things or to not understand
this thing
and those books are for people that are
a different part of the world life cycle
or stage of their life to me and that's
fine but the shame reaction is I hated
this book this book shouldn't exist I
don't and somewhere this book needs to
be here because it's not something I
enjoyed now it's different from saying
there's something out harmful a book
because I understand that is like that
needs to be said if so he thinks that
he's harmful in a book but if it's you
just don't think it's very well done and
the implications of that and I know that
I've done this in reviews before is that
the author who is a real person is out
there will feel shamed into not creating
or improving themselves because you put
shame in their court and which is
debilitating in the same way that if you
tell somebody that they're fat they're
very likely to then go oh you're right
I'll go to the gym they're more likely
to go and comfy because you've made them
feel shame who certain commercial
fiction books everyone's like and it's
do people read those books like
that mentality man
