so just watching an Tessa violets new
video about there being a better way and
about the stuff that has happened in
2016 and part of what she mentioned was
christina Grimmie
and what i liked about the way she
talked about it wasn't that she said it
was so sad that she died because she was
so talented
and I think there's a lot of like death
rhetoric when I don't hear it I notice
it and I value it because I feel like
there's a lot of talk about the dead
where people say it's so sad they died
because they were so talented and I'm by
omission
it feels like people are saying those
that have success in life are more of a
loss to humanity than the people who
don't have success in life and the
people who aren't talented but instead
and what I liked about what Esther says
she valued the way that Christina had of
making people feel seen and how that's
an incredibly more respectful and
graceful way of remembering the dead is
remembering their value and how they
made other people feel valued and seen
and then I really think a lot about the
concept being seen in general and how
weird it is because sometimes I think
people think I'm quite valuable because
people other people see me or like I'm
on YouTube and people I have a lot of
eyes on me and I know friends of mine
they're like you know actually like real
world famous now because of YouTube and
the difference between what they do and
what other people do is that there are a
lot more eyes on them there is like an
oversaturation point where I feel like
you feel invisible you feel invisible
teenage years obscurity the way society
makes you feel like a consumer and if
you are more than a person and you feel
invisible you feel invisible and then
you cross over and you're too visible
and then there are too many eyes on you
and you feel too seen and like I wonder
what is worse than feeling invisible or
feeling like invisibility is a complete
impossibility
I think it's worth recognizing that both
are hard and often it's the people who
feel - seen that can help people who
feel invisible feel a little bit seen
and that's like the great crossover of
the viewer and the artist just like a
swinging pendulum in that moment if that
creator can make that person who feels
invisible feel seen they take the shine
off them and give it to that other
person and for a moment both people
escaped their horrible fates of feeling
either invisible or completely invisible
and then it made me think as well about
my newsfeed and how guilty I feel for
not witnessing like everything when I
heard about the new massacre in France I
didn't want to look I didn't want to see
it I didn't want to witness it and that
made me feel really ignorant because I
felt like a badge of being like a
socially conscious intelligent important
millennial who's bypassing all of the
assumptions about young people and
Millennials is to be aware and to watch
but I think there is a big difference
between seeing something and hearing
something like on a more visceral level
and I think that it's important that
these instances and these horrible
things in the world are not so much that
they're seen or they're stared at or
they're held in this like snow globe and
like inspected from every angle it's
more important that we take a moment to
really hear what that situation is
saying to us and what it's speaking to
us about the way our world is and that
doesn't always involve watching every
single smartphone video of blood and
screaming and when we make these things
in the world all about watching we
become spectators rather than like
really important parts of those stories
does that make any sense like I feel
like it's important to consume media
about these things but it's it's more
important to make sure that the
symbolic message of what's happened has
been heard and really like boil it down
to why that kind of thing happened and
how we feel about fundamentalism and how
we feel about indoctrination and how we
feel about people whose cultures are
very different to ours and how we
understand them properly and how when
there are these vulnerable characters in
society who feel so invisible and we
make sure that so because we don't show
people who aren't white in our media or
we don't show other religions on TV and
when you make people feel so
insignificant and so invisible how
stripped of identity they feel and then
how susceptible they are to somebody
however bad their motives are making
them feel seen and that's why I love the
Tesla described Christina as somebody
who made other people feel seen because
that is the balancing act we're all in
at the moment when we live one
experience and try to watch everybody
else's via the news but if we watch we
don't hear and we don't change our
situation and we sit in our Pew or our
store or our cinema seat or our viewing
platform and we watch but we don't move
then we're just consuming other people's
experiences making them feel over seen
but not heard
do you ever feel invisible as a viewer
do you ever feel like you're an audience
member when you watch the news do you
ever feel like you're not watching
enough and you feel like you your need
to be viewed it becomes greater than
listening to other people's experiences
and how do you deal with that because I
don't know how
