seven days ago I pulled in a motorway
services
I had my photo taken with some soldier
recruits because of that there was a big
uproar and the Muslim Council of Britain
an extremist organization put pressure
on the army to do something about it
they decided to discharge one of those
young men a 17 year old lad who we've
called soldier X after I started
receiving so much contact and so much
support for this soldier we started a
campaign hashtag I am soldier X for the
last week I've traveled this country
meeting with soldiers at their army
barracks and hearing their stories of
why they're frustrated people have also
sent in their pictures and their symbols
to show where they stand on this issue
there's been an outpouring of support
nearly two hundred thousand people have
signed the petition now I've decided to
black out all of these soldiers faces
and identities but many of them didn't
want me to so I could have showed them
and then the army are in a predicament
what are they going to do about it they
need to do the right thing here the
public have shown her where they feel
their own arm for our own armed forces
of showed where they feel they need to
not discharge this young boy he's still
in the army barracks now I found that
out yesterday still based on camp now so
make the right decision so what this is
done
it started off over this one individual
and now Pandora's Box is open and people
have contacted me from across the world
who are serving for our country with
their problems and the establishment
will be thinking now how do they close
that box and the truth is you can't you
won't be able to at some point you're
going to have to address and deal with
these issues I've had some young
soldiers tell me how they expected to
fight and die and give their life and
sacrifice their life for other people's
free speech and other people's freedoms
but yet they're having it taken away
from them here in brim my belief the -
my belief i smoosh you ought to share my
own social media it's not similar either
30 stability Victoria just ask yourself
a personal
so many people say you're fighting for
other people's freedoms in faraway field
you're fine like we say for example if
they wanna send us whoever we're doing
the ones it's usually for not clean it's
too far to push it in them we're certain
earth I'm also water pleiades a lot I'm
allowed to be right we left enough to be
suggests it's amazing when I caught up
with a lad who's friends with soldier X
lad who served in his training with him
as well I found out that Sky News once
again had lied we all saw straight away
the government narrative on this
situation when they put out a news
article on Sky News from an army source
which says that his boy has a long
history of disciplinary problems making
out that this was the final straw I've
seen lots of people comment on it well
he already had lots of bad things he'd
done we find out when we speak to one of
his friends that's a lie not only are
they happy to destroy the man's career
but they also wanted to destroy his name
and reputation you know that has been
dissed you know anything about its
previous disappearing productions so it
says one who's fucking spawning skills
dog one Las Vegas has learned so how I
knew as soon as or the memory of the
media we're trying to spin it straight
away this is a long list of disciplinary
issues you just need to ignore the
obvious laughing the Johnson on target
themselves not mustard sauce and cheese
I've become worried this week the more I
found out about our armed services the
level of morale the conditions the food
they started off with an attack on their
free speech its hat an attack on their
freedom of their own form of who they're
allowed to follow and speak about all
that one group of soldiers tell me this
week they've what they mentioned my name
then they get disciplinary if they
mention my name
insanity in our armed services and this
all comes from the push for diversity
and inclusion I've heard stories out
between 40
there's one toilet one working toilet
between 40 men think about that when
working toilets in 40 men three working
showers between 60 men the food I just
presumed and a fault that our armed
forces would have the best of everything
especially the food as a as one young
gentleman say told us one young soldier
told us they say an army marches on its
stomach
Phaeton prepared and ready the amount of
fitness and training they must be doing
and then the slop and the disgusting
food they're getting given I'm
gobsmacked I'm shocked as I'm looking
through I think all these all these
issues have become part of I am soldier
X I haven't even touched on
post-traumatic stress disorder yet I
don't think I can do this justice any of
it justice in these short videos but I
just for I put a combination of it
together to show you the massive support
the soldier X campaign has gained and
I'll be taking this back up if and when
I'm released from court or out of prison
