the so-called Conservative government
has reaffirmed its plans to allow people
to change the agenda more easily and as
the news happens a new report shows that
most Tory voters and most of the voting
British public don't agree with it
last week in one of my daily columns at
the rebel I talked about a new action
plan that the government's bring again
to make LGBT lives easier
whatever that means it comes after they
did a study of thousands of gay people
across the UK but following on from that
that reports penny mordant the Minister
for women and equality in the
conservative Conservative government has
reaffirmed her government's commitment
to perform a consultation on the reform
and change of the gender recognition Act
2004 she spoke to pink News which is a
website that just reports on gay stuff
which has called me a homophobic all
times and she gave an interview and she
outloud outlined the current process
where people change their gender and
what she wants to see for the future and
she said the current process doesn't
work for people it's overly bureaucratic
and is highly medicalised with people
making decisions about who you are who
have never met you there's also huge
inconsistencies throughout the process
you have one identification document in
one sex and another and another it
doesn't work it needs to be radically
improved and that's why we're going to
consult on that really the outcome we're
looking for is that people are supported
through that process it's a challenging
enough thing to go through without the
state and its bureaucracy adding to the
people stresses we will reform that so
what she's saying here are two things
first off she wants to take away the
medical element which means she's
denying the fact that these people have
some kind of body dysmorphia they've got
a mental condition that makes them makes
them feel like they are somebody that
they're not so she wants to take away
the medical element of it and allow
people to choose regardless of what the
doctor might say and secondly she wants
to take away the bureaucracy so they're
going to make it generally more easy for
you to just go into some kind of office
and just change your gender that's what
they want to do that's their idea about
making LGBT lives easier and it's not a
simple nice thing that the government's
doing I mean it's placating and bowing
down to propaganda interestingly though
a new poll that was commissioned by pink
news from YouGov has found that this
isn't a popular policy at all in fact
pink news reported just 13% of
conservative
voters agree with the government's
proposed reforms to the gender
recognition Act according to a new poll
the new poll by you go for pink news has
found the significant public opposition
to the government's proposed review of
how transgender people can legally
change their agenda the research by you
go for pink news also revealed that only
18 percent of all voters agree with the
government plans to let transgender
people change their legal gender without
a doctor's approval now the British
people make sensible decisions I think
the only exception to that is general
elections when people vote for parties
that don't necessarily reflect their
values and that's a quirk of our
electoral system but actually when it
comes to do direct democracy when it
comes to polls the British people speak
overwhelmingly good honest sense we won
brexit the British people voted in
majority to leave the European Union in
the interest of Britain and now these
polls are showing that actually an
overwhelmingly large majority disagree
with bowing down to propaganda and not
only that but the government's own
voters the voters of the Conservative
Party a tiny fraction of these people
want the government to change these laws
why can't the conservative party get to
grips with the reality that the British
public are saying we voted for brexit
because we're saying we voted for brexit
because we are concerned about a foreign
dictatorship and now the British public
are telling the government in this new
poll that they don't want a change to
laws that allow people to change their
agendas an overwhelming majority of the
British public don't want any change to
the req gender recognition Act and they
don't want to make it easy and D
medicalize the process so that any party
can change their gender willy nearly
when a tiny minority of voters believe
in something it seems like the
government it seems like the
Conservative Party just instantly bow
down to it and I have to question the
sanity of our own government it's almost
as if the Tories are on a journey of
self-destruction appealing to the far
left doesn't work
you keep learned that and the Tories are
learning it too appealing to the far
left will never work and this decision
now 2d medicalize the process of
changing one's gender and placating and
bowing down to far-left propaganda that
destroys any concept of gender it's
dangerous it's silly and it's insane if
you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team be sure to
download the brand new app from the
Google Play Store and the Apple App
Store
you
