we have heard about racist air
conditioning and Chinese restaurants now
it is square-dancing i saw a video on
mike today about square dancing it
discusses the racism of Henry Ford and
his work trying to stop young people
from engaging in black or Jewish jazz it
explores the reality of Ford's racism
but extrapolates that to mean that
square dancing is inherently racist and
that its origins are not European
it is booklet the International Jew Ford
wrote that quote jazz is a Jewish
creation and that the musical slush was
invading decent homes so Ford poured a
small fortune into trying to make
old-fashioned dancing happen again he
wrote a book about square dancing with
his wife funded radio shows and dance
clubs and invited hundreds of dance
instructors to his home and it sparked a
national movement so Henry Ford didn't
like black people
or Jews that is hardly a revelation
given the man was born in 1863 the
question these people should be asking
is how does that affect anything in 2018
their video introduces someone named
Robin penny chia when looking up state
symbols probably in hopes to find
something problematic Penn discovered
that the official dance of Illinois was
square dancing and for some reason she
thought that that was strange why would
it be square dancing that's weird and so
because I'm super super curious as a
person I looked up all state dances
because that's gonna be interesting
right turns out 28 states had made
square dancing the state dance this was
part of a broader push to make folk
dancing the country's national dance an
initiative that eventually failed so
there was an attempt to make square
dancing the National Dance of America a
traditional European dance for a country
founded by Europeans it is hardly
shocking and by the way square dancing
it does have its origins in Europe
despite what mike is about to tell us
because jazz was getting all these
people to
go out and drink and smoke cigarettes
and have sex that replacing jazz with
square dancing and an old-time music and
things he thought of as more white and
more Gentile would make people more
moral again because he was creepy and
racist and hated Jewish people
regardless affords opinions on Jews and
blacks which are reprehensible today but
in historical context kind of normal for
the time an attempt to bring communities
together with a traditional kind of
dance that doesn't involve sex drinking
of drugs is hardly something to be
frowned upon in fact I think it's quite
a noble and important endeavor do the
ideologues at mic calm not realize that
actually some communities might prefer
family-friendly dance and local
traditions that everyone can enjoy he
may have been a creepy and racist and
hated Jewish people but can we please be
objective about the comparison between
jazz and square dancing I like jazz but
I find it hard to see why we should
condemn square dancing because of the
views of a man from the 1800's white
people at the time thought that all that
shouting was great vogue er but they
dropped that opinion once they fully
appropriate of the dance style as they
eventually did with blues jazz rock and
roll Rab and countless other black
cultural innovations this is the great
irony at the heart of Ford's nativism
and white supremacy at large that the
lily-white utopia of the past was always
just an illusion
it's a grift meant to sell a dangerous
vision of the future based on a
fictitious story about America's past
and here is the real crux of Mike's
entire argument this whole video was
geared up to try and tell us how
European cultures don't really exist
they tell us that without slaves
square-dancing wouldn't have existed but
in reality it is a medieval dance
it can even be seen in traditional more
dancing
it is easy to see what Mike is doing
here there's obviously no doubt that
there have been a great black cultural
innovations in America nobody in the
right mind is denying that but equally
it is wrong for Mike to claim racism
while actively denying the existence of
Western culture and using the views of
men from the 1800's to justify an attack
on a dance loved by all people from all
different races and backgrounds across
America black or white it's not wrong to
appreciate traditional European dance
and it's not right to suggest it would
have never existed without slaves the
racism industry is gearing up it is
bigger and louder than ever and you'll
notice every week there is something
else what they racist past that you
didn't even know about that is just life
it's how it goes racism was a real
problem back in the day but in 2018 the
only people creating racial division are
the propagandists at Mike and similar
far-left
outlets if you want to see more from me
and the rest of the rebel team like and
subscribe
you
