Democrats call for the eradication of
immigrations and Customs Enforcement the
Democrats like genius Cynthia Nixon who
played a fake lawyer on Sex in the City
20 years ago and is now running without
a chance in hell for governor of New
York State and newly minted socialist
Democratic candidate from New York's
congressional district 14 Alexandria
Acacio Cortes want to eradicate the
Department of immigrations and Customs
Enforcement well the division of it
falls under the Department of Homeland
Security
except it's not gonna happen it's not
gonna have it we're not gonna get rid of
I swear I'm gonna get rid of cops and
Trump is doubling down on that thing
he's praising the hard-working men and
women of ice making these socialists
feel like the morons that they are now I
got into it with Ocasio Cortez last
night because I pointed out on Twitter
that she lived in Toni Westchester
County as a kid grew up there and out in
the Bronx not a girl from the Bronx
shouldn't grow up in the Bronx she grew
up in Westchester now I mistakenly for
about two minutes while she went to
Brown University instead of Boston
University cuz Daily Mail story said she
did when I saw that I had been mistaken
she noted it I said I was mistaken put
out several tweets of that effect didn't
matter but left went nuts like three I
kid you not
like three million impressions on my
Twitter account blaming me for trying to
mislead people about her story forget
the fact that I was 150 percent right
that she grew up in Westchester and not
in the Bronx but this is what the left
does the left the flex and demonizes I
call her out for not growing up at the
Bronx demonize me and insult me for
saying she went to an Ivy League
university over non I leave the Ivy
League university and correcting it a
few minutes later you want illegal
immigration and human trafficking you
don't want to call that out demonize the
hard-working men and women of ice this
is just what the left does it's stupid
it's disgraceful and thank God we have a
president it's not gonna let it happen
and this is just one of the topics I'm
gonna be talking about live every day on
my new show Declassified live here on
the rebel on YouTube I'm going to be
tweeting the link to the live stream
every morning I'm gonna be tweeting it
throughout the day did our first show
today
it was awesome had great audience
audience engagement but you can engage
you can post to me comment and I'm going
to respond to your comments in real time
we're gonna answer we're gonna talk
about everything topical whatever you
want to talk about boon in Declassified
live every day right here on the rebel
media's YouTube channel you like this I
really want you to tune in every day to
the classified live on the rebel media's
YouTube channel awesome way for us to
cover the events of the day in real-time
go to the App Store also download the
rebel app as always thank you so much
for watching I'll see you tomorrow
