esra levan here with the rebel dot media
I am in Israel for almost 10 days with
half a dozen of our on-air rebels and
more than 50 of our most enthusiastic
viewers from around the world we have
folks here from as far away as Australia
in the United Kingdom who are on this
fact-finding adventure with us through
Israel we were only a few days into it
but I think I know already what the
highlight of the trip is going to be
it's when we attended the graduation of
the latest class of pilots for the
Israel Air Force some would say it's the
best air force in the world perhaps
second only to the United States what
was amazing was the air show obviously
was spectacular there was a dog fight
between two f-15s amazing the f-35 is in
service in in Israel the most advanced
aircraft in the world that was neat that
was exciting and watching the military
procession and parade was cool but it
was interesting to me that Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu came and the
President of Israel which is a more
ceremonial position came and the head
the Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman
came and the head of the Air Force so
the absolute top political brass of the
country came and they all gave speeches
but then they stayed for the whole
ceremony as each pilots name was read
out and in many cases little personal
anecdote was told about them and the
Prime Minister and the president who
were very busy people spent all of this
time there and I realized at that point
we were the only tourists in the group
everyone else was a family member or a
personal friend of a pilot who had
graduated from this most elite part of
the Israel Defense Forces and then it
struck me how amazing it was that we
were able to come to such a personal
event and yes the demonstration of the
hardware was amazing it was sort of neat
because as there was march as they
showed on the big screen hey I don't
know if it was from a satellite or from
a drone images from space of the same a
thing in real time it was it was
tremendous but what struck me
besides the sheer thunder of it and and
the investment in it was the moral
investment that Israel makes in its
armed forces and that was a point that
Netanyahu made is that these are the
absolute best people in the country and
the country proves that with they're
paying for the best equipment but also
giving them all the moral support these
are the people at the highest heights
the top of the social pyramid and I say
that in contrast to Canada in Canada
where our prime minister would not go to
such an event of course and if he did
what we would be doing flying some old
f-18s the ones that weren't in
maintenance of that day and would he
tell these people they're the absolute
best in the country and would he stay
after his own self loving speech and
listen to the stories of every other
pilot there and meet their families he
would not what was amazing to me is the
fusion of nationalism patriotism
military and the fact that they're
counting on these young people they're
young as Sheila gun Reid has pointed out
another video see to Millennials
Millennials who in the West are you know
dyeing their hair pink and talking about
you know use my proper gender pronoun
instead of that shenanigans in the West
in Israel 18 19 20 year-olds are
defending the country against real hot
terror threats in a way it's a wonderful
luxury that in Canada we live in the
country where the consequences in the
drama of life is so remote that we can
afford to have a shallow narcissistic
failure to launch
manchild as our prime minister and not
face the brutal consequences and I
couldn't help but think what if Israel
god forbid in some parallel universe
we're to have Justin Trudeau as its
Prime Minister man who loathes the
military and lets it show who doesn't
give them the best equipment in the
world but rather demands they give I
don't know there's sleeping bags back as
Trudeau did who says veterans are asking
for more than he can give but gives 10.5
million dollars in this settlement to
Omar Khadr
imagine the
moralization if israel had such a failed
prime minister it's unthinkable
all of israel's prime ministers on the
left and the right have done military
service it was just such a reminder of
the stakes at play in Israel and how
seriously they take their own security
and a reminder of the lack of
seriousness on these matters in our own
country and what a buffoon that we have
is a leader by contrast but I suppose I
suppose we're lucky to be able to afford
a buffoon this leader don't you think
I'm here all week in Israel if you want
to see all our videos go to rebel Israel
calm I'm here with everyone from Katie
Hopkins to Shilla gunnery to David
Menzies some and ahead and tanveer Ahmed
if you want to see our videos from
Israel there's an easy place to find
them rebel Israel calm
