I'm here at the border of Syria so I'm
in Israel and just there in the near
distance is Syria and I can hear the war
machine of a sad at work you can hear
the bombs going off this is a war that's
been fought for about seven years now
and the one thing that Israelis don't
want is a massing of rebels and refugees
at the border and the forces of Iran
encroaching here you know people always
say Assad is a monster but having seen
what we've seen knowing what we know
knowing that Assad is a secular leader
of a sovereign nation I have to say that
I think in these kind of situations you
have to choose your monster and for me
Assad is the best monster we have on
option right now I'm here at the Syrian
border and I can hear the bombs of
Assad's war machine going off in the
distance if you want to hear more of our
stories and the rest of the rebel media
team join us at rebel Israel calm
you
