I'm here at the Lebanese border with
Israel and interestingly enough we've
got the United nothing here doing pretty
much nothing as per usual but we also
have is Israeli Defense Forces managing
the border managing the security of
these people and these good people are
the people that are responsible for the
safety of this nation when they start
lobbying their missiles when they start
firing in it is these people here in
this port that get it first and it's a
real disappointment that the United
Nations continues to stand on the side
of Muslims and fails to stand up for the
good people of Israel who are right here
between Europe between Africa and
standing up for their right to their
land I'm here at the Lebanese border to
follow me and the rest of the rebel
media team as we travel around Israel
bringing you the truths the mainstream
media won't tell you join us at rebel is
real calm
