the new GOP add-on the unhinged nature
of the left is a knockout but there's
more the public needs to see I was so
pleased to see the GOP finally using the
violence hatred and unhinged behavior of
the left in their new promotional video
if you haven't seen it already the video
shows a series of attacks by the far
left against conservatives Trump voters
and general non var leftist it is a
killer video and exactly the kind of
thing the GOP needs to do but I think
they need to keep this up there's still
a lot more the public needs to know
about and the GOP is in a position to
educate with the midterms around the
corner I think the GOP need to start
reminding voters what they're up against
we need to not exaggerate we need to not
tell lies we must simply show people the
truth throughout this country
conservatives are being genuinely
threatened physically attacked screamed
down at and assaulted by gangs of
far-left activists under the anti fo
banner there was the Berkeley bike lock
attack when police arrested the Diablo
Valley College professor for attacking
somebody with a large bike lock and
causing serious injury and the time when
Trump had to leave his motorcade and
walk along a highway to access his
campaign event more recently an Tifa
have put the lives of 1,600 ice
employees at risk sharing links to their
photos job titles and locations amidst
tension and protests by far-left
activists antia activists by the name of
Sidney Alexander Ramsey Lari is to serve
60 days in prison for attacking jack
faso biack and then there was a time a
bernie sanders volunteer who called
Trump a traitor opened fire at a
Republican congressional baseball game a
former vice president of CBS said on
Facebook that she was not even
sympathetic to the victims of the Las
Vegas shooting because country music
fans are often Republican steven crowder
recently went undercover with an Tifa
and discovered their plans to attack
people with knives and ak-47s antifa
called for revolutionary violence
against a black sociology professor
in Austin Texas and even after being
jailed and charged with assault and
inciting a riot yevette falaka from an
tyfa has vowed not to stop the threat
against normal decent people is very
real and it is beginning to affect non
political people as well anyone who
trips up and says something on PC in
their professional life is immediately
at risk of losing their job anyone who
objects to PC homework tasks set by
teachers may be reported to the police
any person who doesn't keep up to date
with every new rule and speech behavior
written and enforced by the far-left
will soon understand exactly what it
means to be targeted by antiva and it is
important that the public understand
this and have the opportunity to vote
for people who oppose it so well done
GOP but now it is time to introduce the
country to even more of antico's
violence keep it up if you want to see
more from me and the rest of the rebel
team like and subscribe
you
