dog lover is now world-famous becoming
an a-list actor from movies like solo a
Star Wars story having the number one
song on the Billboard Hot 100 and even
getting created praised for his music
videos which is interesting because he's
an American and gained most of his fame
because of his song this is America a
condemning commentary on oppression
racism and gun violence so where would
someone with so much to be thankful for
find the inspiration 208 it turns out he
may have plagiarized the entire song I'm
Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood
Donald Glover also known as childish
gambino is facing plagiarism accusations
for his song this is America following
the Beatty Awards the claim made by
another rapper Jase heartily for his
song American Pharoah now if you're
gonna rip a song off you should probably
change the title a bit more to make it a
bit less obvious now this claim has not
been confirmed and every artist has to
draw inspiration from somewhere but I've
listened to both songs and it's as bad
as obvious as Justin Trudeau's fake
eyebrows and if you haven't seen that
video go check it out after you compare
these two songs it's hilarious here's
the thing I'm just so over people using
something as abhorrent as racism or
discrimination for profit and in
Glover's case I guess you really do have
to find inspiration for a song like this
somewhere else likes a plagiarizing it
especially when you grew up in America
we're able to attend one of the top
universities in the country university
of new york and became famous wealthy
and prosperous and spent the majority of
your adult life under a black president
and a black Attorney General when the
population is only 13 percent black
there seems to just be something missing
in that equation right and the music
video in song this is America is
supposed to be a commentary on what life
is like for a black person in America
highlighted by the final shot in the
music video childish gambino running
from a crowd of people
symbolizing what it's like for a black
person be sprinting away from these
atrocities in America an analysis of
this music video in the very same shot
in Time magazine said quote a black
person running for his or her life has
just been a part of American culture
dating back to slavery unquote it just
seems odd when everyone else around the
world are risking their very lives
sprinting towards this country now in a
country of 300 million there will
obviously be some people who are racist
and awful and I would stand against any
of these people however there are also
still rapists and murderers and
unfortunately I don't think that's gonna
change and yes there have been blemishes
in the history of America just like
every other country but what's important
is he's not saying this was America he's
saying this is America but it just seems
like here in America particularly for
Donald Glover the life that he's enjoyed
the opportunities afforded to everyone
shows that America and its citizens
don't care what color you are
they just care if you're a good person
and chose to join the same creed they
did to be an American I think that is
America I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood
in awesome news like super awesome news
you can now download the rebel media app
and take me with you and have access to
the entire rebel lineup
you
