who thinks a roseanne without roseanne
is a good idea who's the person who sat
around going you know what I have this
braids Thor this is great
we'll have The Cosby Show without bill
cosby will call it annoying kids because
all the Cosby kids were like super girly
or like the Brady Bunch with no Brady's
it's called Alice it's about the
adventures of a housekeeper and no one
else
well maybe meld the butcher because I
think she was you know working it with
Melvin butcher I think was mill anyway
you know happy days without the Fonz
star trek without Captain Kirk which in
fact they've had and it's turned out to
be terrible um
Roseanne without Rose Ian why would
anyone think that's a good idea
do you know hey you know I'd like to
watch I'd like to watch a show that
consists entirely of supporting
characters that I can't even
differentiate from each other uh you
know that sounds like a good plan that's
the kind of forward thinking that's you
know led the media to the nightmare
hellscape that it is currently now it's
gonna be a disaster it's gonna be a it's
going to be a train wreck and it's also
going to be liberal because once
Roseanne's gone do you think they're
gonna hold back do you think they're
gonna you know embrace the whole let's
be sensitive to the Trump voters folks
let's let's give them something no no
they're they're going to teach teach the
Trump voters because our liberal elite
has to teach the Trump voters because
the poor benighted Trump voters need the
guidance and moral clarity that can only
be provided by our betters in Hollywood
you know like Roman Polanski but Harvey
Weinstein those guys
Hollywood is completely out of touch
Hollywood is completely lost Hollywood
is so bad it went social justice warrior
II and managed to screw up the Star Wars
franchise no look I liked solo but
people didn't go to solo because they
thought solo was going to be garbage and
they thought solo was going to be
garbage because some of the other Star
Wars shows were garbage and because
things like Lady Ghostbusters were
garbage and they're sick of being
lectured to by these kind of these
idiots like Robert De Niro and all the
rest of them this is an inevitable
response to liberal overreach
you
