I have seen a lot of people on Twitter
freaking out about the Supreme Court
thing and I'm sorry to say it's kind of
funny
everyone is saying that they are
literally crying over it and it's making
me feel like the election all over again
even when they're losing these people
have to crap on white men it's honestly
unreal and he quote tweeted Shannon
Watts who let me look at her bio that
says all this stuff she does whatever
gap grassroots blah de blah de blah the
NRA is afraid of me okay
so she said I'd like to respectfully ask
white male pundits to be quiet for a hot
minute we don't need you to tell us that
this isn't as bad as it seems or that we
need to be civil or that we aren't
screwed pass the mic to women especially
women of color and those who are
marginalized oh well I'm a woman and I'm
telling you to calm down I'm physically
crying over this at work so goodbye to
Rovers way to say goodbye to basic human
rights
so goodbye to this country as we know it
I don't know what else to say
I really am sitting here crying this
country is going so backwards he's gonna
nominate another Gorsuch hard right and
young marriage equality Roe etc are
extremely vulnerable right now I woke up
in a great mood had a fire cup of green
tea and now I'm screaming at my laptop
and crying uncontrollably because Roe
vs. Wade will be overturned and babies
are in cages how you doing am I the only
one that has a massive headache from
crying as I was putting my armor on Roe
versus Wade literally crying right now
can't even see I'm going to get as many
abortions as I can before they enslave
my body I mean these people are so upset
they're literally crying over their
abortions it's incredible
these people just want their abortions
and it's making me feel like the
election all over again they're really
freaking out taking things to the
extreme acting like the world is over
and we're going into concentration camps
and you're never going to be able to
have an abortion again and
white men should shut up and you're not
allowed to say anything hand the mic to
women or women of color or anyone that's
marginalized and this is exactly what
they were doing during the election -
and I was told I'm not allowed to
express why cheer I'm in such anxiety
about America sitting at work and got
overwhelmed and in tears I admit I'm
scared and I don't feel safe it's just
so much and too much again these people
are acting like they're not safe they're
going to be attacked well I'm sorry
we're the ones that get attacked I mean
it's great when we get ahead and we
actually get a win but these people just
start like doubling down even more and
getting more aggressive we've seen more
and more violence more people attacking
Trump skin for assassinations people
attacking Trump officials and attacking
Trump supporters this has been going on
and the more progress we get the more
they lash back and it's incredible let's
just see what's going to happen if you
want to see more from me and the rest of
the rebel team like and subscribe
you
