hey it is day one of our officials who
are here in Israel and I'm going to tell
you all about the amazing things that we
saw and did today on the Hollywood
conservative for the rebel alright
everybody I have the goods from our
first day of touring here in Israel so
we have been staying in Tel Aviv the
last few nights we are staying one more
night here in tel-aviv and today was our
first day of touring and it was
absolutely spectacular and I can't
believe that we have so much more
amazing and historic things to see but I
want to fill you in on what we have done
today so we started let's see we
embarked around I guess 9:00 a.m.
started driving toward the West Bank
which is where we spent the day you all
have heard about the West Bank in the
news and that's that's part of the
reason for a lot of the places that we
are visiting they wanted to show us the
places that we hear about in the US and
Canada and all over the world these
places of conflict that we hear about in
the news all the time they wanted us to
see those firsthand so we spent the day
so West Bank the northern region
you've got southern region which is
samaria and the northern region which is
judea now from what i understood from
the people that we spoke to it's it's PC
to call it the West Bank although in
actuality and historically the regions
are Samaria and Judea but those I guess
inferred that they are Jewish regions
and that's not politically correct
because it's supposed to be Arab so
anyway first thing is we drove through a
checkpoint going from Tel Aviv to the
West Bank now we were not stopped going
into the West Bank because and I'm
simplifying it a little bit but it is
because Israelis are not terrorists
hello so there was really no need for
them to stop us going into the West Bank
because of our original location being
Tel Aviv and the Jewish part of Israel
we did get stopped on the way back
they came on the bus and checked all of
our passports and I presume they were
checking for explosives or weaponry or
whatever they thought that we could be
bringing back or bringing to the Jewish
portion of Israel from the West Bank so
that was pretty interesting and it was
you know it's it's honest I wouldn't say
it was unsettling there wasn't really
any point where I felt unsafe it was
just surreal to witness that so that was
a big thing let's see so then we went to
mmm ariel university so ariel is a city
that was founded let's see 19 it's
relatively new city I think 1978 so
they're celebrating their what would
that be 40th anniversary incredible
little city that they have just kind of
built out of nothing it is a place of
Commerce and manufacturing and something
interesting that they brought up because
someone asked a question about the BDS
movement the boycott divest and sanction
movement and they try not to use that
term because they feel like it
legitimizes the D legitimization of
Israel so they don't use that term but
they talked about kind of this um let me
see if I can find my notes I guess like
the backfire aspect of boycotting these
companies so within this city of Ariel
there are multiple business parks one of
them I think they said has 145 factories
the other one has 165 factories and 70
to 80 percent of the workers there are
Palestinian so and not just laborers and
manufacturers but the engineers the the
managerial staff so 70 to 80 % of these
factories are you know the jobs are
performed by Palestinians so the
interesting thing about that is when you
boycott a company they were talking
about a company that I think serves
Patriot pastries and someone who was on
an airline was served this pastry that
was produced in Ariel and they threw a
fit emailed the airline and the airline
said okay nope we're not going to carry
those pastries on our flights anymore
and so big hurry on the airport here
said alright fine you can't play into
our Airport so that obviously backfired
but the general aspect of these types of
boycotts is that because you have such a
large portion of those factories that
they have Palestinian workers you are
actually hurting Palestinians because
those people the Arabs are going to lose
their jobs the factory is going to do
fine because Israelis will come and take
those jobs that are vacated by the
Palestinians so you are actually hurting
the Palestinians and helping the
Israelis so it's it's a big delicious
beautiful backfire scenario so I really
found quite a quite a bit of pleasure in
that at Ariel University they showed us
the area of their University where they
handle cyber security so that was
incredible to see the presentation that
they gave there it's also I believe in
medical university so they have an
entire section that is a simulated
hospital so they have a simulated
emergency room and a simulated surgery
ward and so we we saw the big creepy
dummies that they had in those wards
that they utilize their students utilize
for testing out methods and and things
like that and it's all video recorded so
afterwards after they perform these
simulated surgeries or procedures or
whatever they can go back and watch the
videos and take notes and you know
figure out what they could have done
better or could have done more
efficiently or quicker so it's really
really interesting on the way back we
stopped in Caesarea which is let's see I
think they said 30 BC it was erected by
King Herod his own little like City
there was a theater and you can see the
the outline of the ruins of this city
where by the way Paul the Apostle was
jailed for a short time but King Herod
built this as kind of like a way to show
off to people because it was just you
know incredible architecture and
engineer
and a port that was that was constructed
without the the coastal the coastline
that would be you know advantageous to a
port they just built this on a general
coastline so that was something that was
impressive but King Herod wanted to
construct this place that people would
come to and just be supremely suppressed
but it was really amazing to see these
ruins and tomorrow I believe we are
heading to the Gaza Strip so that's
going to be really really fun slash
nerve racking for my poor parents who
are praying for all of our safety so you
guys please continue praying for us pray
for our our safety pray for our hearts
and minds to be open to the things that
we are learning and hearing and and for
our guides and everyone that's involved
with this trip Ezra and Katie and David
and all of us we are having just a grand
time hanging out with the rebel fans who
are joining us on this trip so I will
have more to update you on tomorrow I
hope you all are having a great week
already and thanks for watching I'm
Amanda head the Hollywood conservative
in Israel for the rebel if you enjoy my
commentary and want to hear more from
all of us here at the rebels subscribe
to our premium content at
www.affordablecomm.com
