a concerned father who didn't want his
stepdaughter being lied to
about Islam in school is now being
slammed as a racist and a bigot online
every now and again I read a story
online were just regular families and
regular people across the UK are being
attacked by the left online and you know
I really feel for them because we in
politics are used to this stuff we know
the hatred the nastiness the bitterness
the vitriol and the evil of the left
online we suffer every day but we're
kind of used to it because hey that's
politics or at least that's politics
these days but when you see families and
just regular people across the UK we're
just trying to have happening
comfortably and safely
just normal lives getting attacked and
branded racist and bigots online I
really really feel for them and this
week I read the story of Mark McLaughlin
from Horten last spring who complained
to the school of his 12 year old
stepdaughter after which she was told to
write a letter to her family about
converting to Islam as part of her
homework The Daily Mail reports Mark
McLaughlin 43 complained to kepi a
school in Horton the spring Sunderland
when he found the homework task in his
stepdaughters planner he refused to let
her finish the letter to my family about
converting to Islam claiming it was
brainwashing her about the religion and
did not see what it would achieve but
since posting about it on social media
he says he's received a lot of abuse
McLaughlin told the mail anytime anybody
says anything negative about Islam they
are torn to shreds
I've been called a racist and a bigot
but I'm just terrified for my children
and for the way this country is going in
50 years time I can see Britain becoming
an Islamic state and my children and
grandchildren are still going to be
alive I don't want them wearing a niqab
and you know what I don't want my kids
or grandkids wearing a niqab either it
seems like a pretty reasonable thing for
this man to say to me and his argument
against her doing the assignment makes a
lot of sense because actually he
explains explain to the press that he
was scared that when his daughter his
stepdaughter would research converting
to Islam online then she'd and and if
she'd explored all sides of the argument
then she would have seen some horrific
stuff and you know what he's right
because I did a quick search about
converting to Islam and I found these
the Washington Post has a story about a
neo-nazi who converted to Islam and
killed two roommates for disrespecting
his faith
the Daily Mail reports a Muslim converts
17 is accused of slashing
thirteen-year-old boys throat stabbing
another teen 30 times and knifing his
mom at a Florida sleepover because he
felt victims motives faith and then the
Daily Mirror reports husband bludgeoned
his Muslim convert wife to death after
she ditched her Islamic clothes
imagine your twelve-year-old daughter
reading about that I wouldn't want that
to happen and the schools basically
allowing it to happen by sending kids
home telling them to look of Islamic
conversion online we all know that
actually the converts in the UK to Islam
tend to be the most radical out of a lot
of them so I mean it was always a
terrible idea asking children to look
this up online McLaughlin's objective
here as a stepfather was pretty
reasonable especially given the trend
across the country of schools forcing
kids to become indoctrinated with this
stuff easy stuff to find online take a
look yourself but I found here in 2013
eight year old kids
we're told they were racist if they
didn't go to the school Islam trip and
another one in 2015 school governors
said that a mosque visit was compulsory
as if they didn't go it might damage
community relations so hats off sir you
may mr. McLaughlin well done good on you
and to all the other parents out there
who see this stuff I hope you share his
courage I hope you can share his courage
and complain to the schools as well
because the more people complain the
more it stops the more we just roll over
and allow it to happen the worse it's
going to get if you want to see more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
remember to Like and subscribe
you
