you may have seen the recent HuffPost
commentary on women Lin's lens a guest
writer for the site claimed that women
are evil she explained how in a world of
men being monsters the white wives of
privilege who support these men doing
well under the patriarchy are enforcing
a system that oppresses others Sheba
moans the 53% of white women who voted
for Donald Trump like me she attacks the
daughter of the president - ca' who has
kind of been a balancing and positive
force for the president I mean she is a
Democrat so it's kind of balancing she
called the female homeland security
secretary Kirsten Nielsen a human shield
for the Trump administration after she
defended Trump's border enforcement
policy a policy that works to ensure the
safety of American people and in fact
the safety of women who were taken
across the border by criminals and gangs
who sexually abuse and rape many of
these women when 80% of Central American
women are raped crossing the border into
the u.s. I think we should talk about it
and I think we should be exploring
border policies that would stop this
from happening in the first place
Butlins lens is an ideologue and she
cares only about pushing a false
narrative that in her mind may translate
into support for a Democratic Party
alternative to trump but it won't lens
claims that the patriarchy shelters
women as frail things and uses their
bodies as human shields but I don't see
it like that and I suspect the majority
of other women don't see it like that
either
less than a fifth of American women call
themselves feminists and in the UK just
7% of women consider themselves
feminists people like lens know very
well that they're radical and hard left
views on women represent a very small
minority of Western women and that is
why they are so vocal and so outlandish
but it isn't working
they're belittling of women is only
turning people off when she says the
Menace of white women has yet to
reckoned with she is preparing a war
against decent women who raised happy
and healthy children in a safe family
environment she attacks women who are
bold enough to stand up against the
far-left
she denigrates people like homeland
security secretary Kirsten Nielsen who
is working to ensure that American women
are safe from criminal aliens and lenss
admits this she says the reason the
Menace of white women has yet to be
dealt with is because criticizing these
women leads to them hiding behind their
roles as wives and mothers she says as
if using one's uterus has ever conferred
innocence or empathy as a divorcee with
children Lenz's fighting the wrong
battle a deeply sad and troubled woman
is taking her anger out against the
world and this time is not just men it's
the white women who are happier than her
white women are not evil women are not
evil women can be heroes we are mothers
we are empathetic we bring balance and
reason to the fast-paced inventive and
productive world of men women who stand
up for other women and who work well
with men should be praised and for as
long as the far left and sad bitter
ideologues like lens attack women the
regular people of the West will
understand the ideological and
institutional threat we face if you want
to see more from me and the rest of the
rebel team like and subscribe
you
