you still do you still haven't either
two three weeks the odd conversation
we did that we were close to a candle
and you what was that
shortly
well the gentleman sitting next to
Christian Freeland was Steve Rahul
Canada's chief NAFTA negotiator who says
that there has been no engagement no
negotiation of any substance between
Canada and the United States since the
g7 meeting two or three weeks ago I find
that terrifying but let's go to an
expert on negotiations and canada-us
relations our friend Manny Montana
Greenough a former national partner at a
serious law firm in Ottawa former lawyer
to Prime Minister Stephen Harper and a
political watcher who's the president
and CEO of think sharp incorporated
Manny I thought that was a bombshell no
conversation between Canada and the
states in three weeks what do you make
of that well I'm not surprised
I mean it's falling into exactly what
I've said I don't think that this
government Justin Trudeau wants to
negotiate in good faith any trade
agreement with the United States I mean
if you think about it the beat everyone
is saying that uncertainty equals risk
risk equals collapse in market all
they're doing is adding more uncertainty
and I can only think partly is they want
to wrap up the problems with the Trump
hate voters in Canada and this adds to
what they want to do well I looked
through some reports by leading Canadian
banks I'm talking about TD Bank Scotia
Bank National Bank these are not
political outfits I don't think if they
have any politics I think they're Pro
Canada and they're probably a little
anti-trump to be honest each of them
predicts an economic calamity we're
talking about you know 160 thousand job
losses two percent you know recession
kind of thing so how this Justin Trudeau
know that those are the real scientific
risk so such as politics we're talking
about hundreds of thousands potentially
jobs mani how can that be part of a trio
strategy well if you followed as I have
very carefully the beginning of 2018
our GDP
was downward 21.3% we have lost since
2018 55,000 jobs we have had our dollar
drop about 10% now if you think of it
our buying power from America three
hundred fifty billion dollars a ten
percent drop is equivalent to eight
tariffs if you want to call it of
importing goods of ten percent that's
thirty five billion dollars that's going
to cost all the consumers in Canada so
we have already been on a downward trend
and this government it not because of
NAFTA because of a lot of other things
it's done so if you can wrap everything
up in NAFTA and wrap everything up into
a failure you can hide a poor economy
that's happened before these NAFTA
discussions yeah you know I'm just
thinking of how big of a crisis I think
this is now I could be wrong you're
closer to the seat of power than than
I've ever been
sometimes a physical presence by senior
hands makes a difference I remember on
9/11 and you probably remember this to
manning yes Tony Blair the prime
minister flew to Washington just to be
there in person I mean I don't think he
really was there for any substantive
thing he was just there to say this is
your battle of britain you know this is
your moment that counts and I'm here and
I would think that Trudeau would be
having emergency cabinet meetings maybe
he would take his whole cabinet down to
Washington DC maybe he would call in
Brian Maroney John Manley Frank McKay he
would call in all sorts of elder
statesmen from both maybe even bite his
tongue and call Stephen Harper and say
hey we've been rivals but I need your
help for the country and tell me Kretsch
n Martin Harper wouldn't come to his aid
if they asked him instead Justin Trudeau
was taking personal days it's like he
doesn't even know there's an alarm
ringing well if you look at very
carefully Ezra there isn't much to be
done you don't need these experts that
we've had in the past there is basically
no trade difference between Canada and
us there's a slight variance depending
on you look at it there United States is
not asking for anything unreasonable
they've
presented a we will take a bilateral
agreement they'll they'll do a deal
quickly what's happening with the delay
I some I think it's because there's a
Mexican election and Justin Trudeau and
the Liberals do not want to do this
alone without Mexico Mexico it has
halted their discussions we could do it
without Mexico bring certainty to
ourselves bring certainty to the
Canadian economy but that's why there's
a delay I think we're waiting for Mexico
there isn't anything that we need any
expertise this deal could have been done
in in in a very short order
there isn't anything that's offensive
that America has asked for so long as we
drop a few things that most people think
that's offensive as well there's there's
another problem that's happening that
Canadians haven't been looking at and
that is while we are engaged in doing
nothing Trump has gone to China has gone
to Japan has gone to South Korea now let
me give you the second stage of what
this problem could be China has a 375
billion dollar surplus with the United
States Japan has a 55 billion dollar
surplus with the United States South
Korea has a 30 billion dollar surplus
and they're negotiating it away think of
it if you're doing your massive trade
with the United States and you are in a
surplus with them and you have Trump
knocking on your door what is China
Japan and South Korea are going to do to
please its largest customer they're
going to shift their buying preferences
to America and that level if you by way
of example if there is a 20 billion
dollar purchase of resources from China
in Canada all they have to do to start
buying that from America and that
reduces the the the surplus and reduces
the disparity the second phase that's
going to hurt Canada is when all the
countries and I will include the EU in
this well because there is a deficit as
well in order to bring balance they're
going to have to shift their buying and
they're going to shift it to prefer the
American producer whether it be weak
weather
anything that we produce with America
and if we had a small leader advantage
over America
China Japan South Korea EU will say you
know what just to stop the trade war and
to bring balance with our biggest and
best customer America
let's buy America and let's not buy
Canada and by the way Canada doesn't
care
Canada is not fighting Canada's not
scrapping so let's buy wheat from
America let's buy minerals from America
let's buy lumber from America and let's
not worry about Canada cos they're not
in the game that's the second problem
Manny let me add one more wrinkle and
that is on the military side Donald
Trump has been pressuring NATO allies
like Germany to increase their military
spending to come closer to the 2 percent
of GDP target I understand that he's
demanding 20 billion dollars a year more
from Canada and again we can tell them
to buzz off but then don't expect don't
expect the America to be our you know
older buddy you know senior partner in
national defense yeah that's something
that I don't see the Trudeau liberals
going along with happily either you got
trade demands which I think are
reasonable you think you're reasonable
Trudeau's adamant and now you have
military demands that's very much
contrary to Trudeau's leftism what do
you think is gonna happen there well I
have tweeted this almost two years ago
when when Donald Trump threw his name in
the Hat I understood the numbers I
looked at him I took him as a credible
person he had said almost two years ago
that there's a NATO problem you google
it you find out and you say oh good look
at this Canada pays about 20 billion
dollars less knowing that and I knew
that two years ago knowing that why
would you monkey around with NAFTA
knowing that that's also going to be a
risk we have opened Canada up and that
risk is not going to go away because we
have not been I'll say friendly with the
United States because we've taken every
shot at the president the 20 billion
dollars is a real demand and it will
come out of Canada just so Canadians you
know 20 billion dollars is about
8% of what the government spends in
total we're running twenty billion
dollars worth of deficits now and so an
additional 20 billion dollars means
means a substantial amount of services
that will ultimately go away so what
this is the additional risk total will
not let this go and he's right about it
and Nate Ola said he's right about it
well and that's the thing is the dairy
cartel I mean it's not like Trump is
being aggressive and doing asking for
the end of our dairy cartel 270 percent
tariffs asking that we come closer to
the spending of American NATO spending
those aren't the Trump isn't holding us
to a double standards he's asking us to
come closer to his standard and I just
don't know how easy its to rile
Canadians up and say Trump's being
unfair and and if Trump was unfair I
think Canadian leaders would probably
have to say so and be thoughtful about
how to negotiate it it's just tougher to
say no we don't want to pay our fair
share of military and we want to hang on
to these obviously unfair dairy cartels
it seems intransigent I put the question
and I put the question in a different
way here's my question how much do we
satisfy Canadians Trump hate which we
get from the media 24/7 we have our
prime minister taking shots at either
Donald Trump personally or the policies
of America which they ran on and which
they're executing but how much it are
Canadians prepared to pay and I've got a
list there's going to be a $20 repayment
of NATO per year there's going to be a
trade issue there's going to in that
that we can estimate that maybe between
50 to 100 billion there's going to be
the auto sector that is about a hundred
billion and then there's going to be the
loss of investments that we've seen that
are going to go to America and in
addition to that we're no longer going
to be able to ride in the front seat
with America as world leaders if we are
put in the back seat or if we are put in
the trunk and we're no longer up there
with
America with Germany with the UK and we
slowly lose it it could mean a
devastation to Canada so I asked
Canadians how much are you willing to
pay for a fabricated Trump narrative
hate that it seems to be pervasive in
our media for no good reason except for
destroying Canada yeah I think you're
right I I don't think this fight was
even likely to happen I think we could
have dodged it Donald Trump has never
shown an aggression to Canada he's got a
beef with China a beef with Mexico for a
long time a beef with OPEC
he's never focused on Canada I truly
believe we kept flicking his nose and
flicking him at him and finally we've
got the lion's attention you don't want
the Lions attention when you're a little
bit more like a little lamb last word to
McMahon he yeah well exactly that from
the beginning the president Knight said
say Canada is not a problem we can do a
bilateral deal Canada's not a problem
Canada's and our problem he's repeated
it and the numbers reflect that what we
have done in order in my opinion in
order to get and I see it with my
friends I see it wherever I go that
people are saying old Donald Trump's a
bully
let's stand by Canada that's the working
and and it's working for Justin Trudeau
and I don't know how much we're prepared
to pay for this with it this fight that
we cannot win and this fight that's
going to hurt us it is remarkable yeah I
tell you I have a deep affection for
Alberta oil men who have suffered so
much over the last two years and I have
this premonition that Ontario Auto
Workers may face a similar hardship if
we don't pull out of this trajectory it
should it trajectory and I don't think
we can stop it I think one thing we have
converted and I've been in boardrooms
with billionaires similar to Donald
Trump once we have basically threw down
the gauntlet there is no way that Donald
Trump is not going to take the challenge
we didn't have to do it and Donald Trump
even if the numbers don't reflect it
even if I mean you recall what he said
when there was a a press conference by
Justin Trudeau right
after the g7 it humiliated him and it
made him look weak going to North Korea
and that is how he sees himself we are
continually trying to make him look weak
either to the world or elsewhere and
that's gonna be a very expensive bill
and for no reason at all but it's gonna
cost Canadians a fortune yeah
well Manny it's always great to talk
with you I should say your last video
was a it was a very interesting video I
thought and our viewers agreed more than
a hundred thousand views of that video
and the number one source of views was
Americans watching videos now I think
that I think that your point of view is
it's underrepresented in the mainstream
media and I think people were craving
your Straight Talk Manny and I have no
doubt that this conversation will be
well received as well Thanks I find
Thank You azor azor I do this because I
really love this country and no one is
speaking for this country and I see
crass politics and you know I fought
this in 1995 and I believe crass
politics will harm Canada and I will
speak against conservatives I will speak
against liberals I will speak against
our government to protect Canada well
I'm glad you are many and hopefully
it'll make a difference
we'll talk you as my friend and well
thank you I on this story all right
thank you take care thank you that's our
friend Manny Montenegrin oh he's the
president and CEO of think sharp that's
an excerpt from my daily TV show the
Ezra Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including
always two interviews today and I read
my hate mail just click on this screen
and become a Premium Member
you
