I have a small update on Tommy
Robinson's case he's filed his appeal on
Friday the 22nd of June I received an
email from John Carson the new lawyer
retained by Tommy Robinson to fight for
his freedom mr. Carson obviously is a
professional and is careful about what
he says to the public his goal is to do
the best work possible for Tommy in the
court of law
not the court of public opinion so he is
properly tight-lipped about his exact
strategy but I asked him for a statement
that I could pass on to Tommy's
supporters around the world and he sent
me this we can confirm that those
representing Stephen Lennon have lodged
an appeal against sentence together with
an application for bail pending appeal
we are working towards a court hearing
of the earliest possible date and hope
for a listing imminently okay what does
that mean well first of all Stephen
Lennon is Tommy's legal name just in
case you were confused mr. Carson is
part of a larger legal team working for
Tommy
they have lodged an appeal against
sentence that means they are challenging
the judges 13 month prison term which of
course is excessive and disproportionate
in my own view it's more punitive than a
13 month term for any other prisoner
would be because Tommy is so uniquely
endangered in the UK's prisons many of
which are dominated by Muslim criminal
gangs who have in the past to talk
attacked Tommy last time he was in
prison Tommy had to ask to be put into
solitary confinement to save his own
life obviously no one can survive for 13
months in solitary confinement
so the first appeal is against the
sentence itself the second part of mr.
Carson's note indicates that he's asking
for bail for Tommy to get him out of
jail at least until the appeal is heard
one of the craziest parts of this whole
episode was that Tommy went from being
scooped up on the street by seven police
to prison in a few hours that's absurd
he didn't even have time to properly
instruct a lawyer of his own choosing
getting Tommy out on bail will not only
allow him to visit his family and
friends but it will allow him to have
proper meetings with his lawyers and the
third point is self-explanatory there
to have this appeal hearing as soon as
possible in the courts schedule so
that's the update on Tommy Robinson the
appeal has been lodged it's an appeal of
the sentence it's an application for
bail and that's a request to have the
hearing for all this as soon as possible
when Tommy's lawyers feel it is
appropriate to tell more they will and
I'll be sure to let you know but I agree
with their decision their public
communications and the media must not
interfere at all with Tommy's chances in
court itself but the message here is
clear finally a month after tommy was
jailed he's finally fighting back if you
want to support this legal appeal and I
hope you do Tommy's family has
authorized me to run the crowdfunding
campaign at save Tommy calm you can make
a donation in British pounds or in
Canadian dollars which are slightly
lower than American dollars 100% of the
proceeds will go to pay Tommy's legal
bills if there is any surplus a hundred
percent of the surplus will go to
Tommy's family the family has a full
accounting of all money I'm going to
close by reading a note from Tommy's
wife Jenna who spoke to Tommy recently
and she passed this on to me she wrote
to me people's support of emails and
your crowdfunding have given him so much
hope unquote folks if you were ever
thinking of helping Tommy now is the
time to do it send them a note or chip
in a few dollars or a few pounds it's
helping the family it's helping with
Tommy's legal appeal and according to
his missus it's one of the things that
Tommy says is giving him encouragement
when he needs it the most
you want to give Tommy some hope please
help him in this tangible way please go
to save Tommy calm let's get our friend
out of prison for his sake and for the
sake of freedom too
you
