the federal government just renewed the
equalization program as is for another
five years behind the backs of the
provinces paying for all of it
who else is tired of not lis in the NDP
just letting Justin Trudeau treat us
like a colony of Ottawa I know this is a
pretty regional topic so let me try to
explain it a little bit to our American
friends watching at home and then you
can really appreciate the injustice of
this thing called equalization I'm going
to try to explain it to you in American
terms and as simply as I possibly can
even though it is a little bit
complicated imagine there was a federal
government program that sucked money out
of Texas North Dakota and Oklahoma
billions and billions and billions of
dollars every single year and that money
was then sent off to the hands of the
federal government and then the federal
government in turn gave the money to
California New York State and some other
irresponsible progressive garbage pile
of a state I don't know maybe New Jersey
and no matter how bad things got in
Texas or Oklahoma or North Dakota no
matter how big their debt ballooned nor
how low the price of oil fell this
program remained the same to the extent
that New York in California and that
other unnamed state never bothered to
develop their own natural resources to
grow their own economies and they were
never forced to rein in their own
irresponsible spending in fact sometimes
those progressive states balance their
budgets while the state's providing the
money spiraled into deep deficit
depression and debt but the program
remains the same money from those who
earned it and produced it flowing to
those who refused to and all the while
those progressive beneficiary states
went about demonizing the very
industries in Texas Oklahoma and North
Dakota that allowed for all those
generous wealth transfers in the first
place they blocked pipelines opposing
development and lobbied for tax
that would kill Texas Oklahoma and North
Dakota's fossil fuel industries and this
program and its treatment of those
oil-producing States eventually led to
such a sense of alienation that the
people in those states wanted to secede
from the union because they were tired
of being treated like just a colony that
my friends is the Canadian equalization
program it is awful it is unfair welcome
to Canada
now I can't imagine Texas would stand
for that sort of treatment from the
federal government but here in Alberta
our progressive government acts like a
doormat and lets Justin Trudeau do
whatever he wants to do to us unopposed
it's like if Elizabeth Warren was the
governor of Texas when Obama was in
power that's the current relationship
between Alberta and the feds in Ottawa
carbon tax
yeah sure we're in phasing out cheap
reliable coal-fired electricity in the
name of mother nature we must siphoning
wealth out of our province when we
absolutely need it the most well if you
say so the federal government just
renewed that flawed equalization program
that sucks money out of Alberta and
Saskatchewan and BC and a couple of
others and redistributes it to the east
despite our deep recession with no
changes to reflect the changing economic
circumstances here on the prairies and
the rest of the west and the feds have
done this renewal one full year early
without any real negotiation from the
provinces that have to pay the bill they
did it to us and not with us
equalization is a 19 billion dollar plus
annual program we're nearly 12 billion
of that goes right to Quebec and the
province is paying the bill our
Saskatchewan Alberta BC Newfoundland and
Labrador and the province is paying the
bills are the ones with economies linked
to strong resource extraction while the
province is receiving the benefit of
equalization are often the provinces
opposing resource extraction BC in this
instance is the exception and not the
rule Saskatchewan is livid according to
the leader post Saskatchewan has been
formally pushing for re-examination and
a redo of equalization payments for the
better part of a year now and in an
interview given yesterday Saskatchewan
premier Scott Moe said he didn't even
know that Ottawa had already had
definitively decided the fate of the
program for 2019 through to 2024 the
feds really didn't care what
Saskatchewan was trying to do the fix
was already in the feds had made their
mind up because they don't care what
Saskatchewan thinks they already know
what Alberta thinks Alberta's Finance
Minister Joe Sisi is taking his usual
clammy hands approach to all of this
sucking up to the feds while doing his
best to steal an idea he refused to
support because it came from a common
sense conservative a little while ago
let me show you the hypocrisy here in an
interview with The Globe and Mail Joe
Sisi indicated that he saw the
equalization issue as one open for
discussion see she said and I'm quoting
him here it has not worked for Alberta
even during the depths of our recession
which started in late 2014 and continued
through 2015-2016 and part of 2017 Sisi
said he'd like to see changes so that
Albertans can get a better deal from
equalization oh really well thanks for
finally showing up Joe but Jason Kenney
of the United Conservative Party has
been talking about the unfair
equalization formula for about two years
now while the NDP have openly mocked him
and Saskatchewan for raising the issue
and offering some solutions Jason Kenney
even once said that he would be prepared
to hold a referendum on a question to
force the federal government to
renegotiate equalization to remove
non-renewable resource revenues from the
definition of physical capacity the
United Conservative Party even brought
forward a motion in the legislature to
call on the NDP to begin preparations
for the renegotiation of Canada's
equalization formula which should have
started later this year the motion
called on the NDP to immediately begin
aggressive preparations for the 2018
2019 equals a
renegotiations and update the assembly
on the preparations
the NDP blocked that motion unanimously
that clearly sent a message to Justin
Trudeau that he could impose an early
equalization renewal with no real
opposition from the NDP in Alberta which
at the end of the day also screwed our
friends in Saskatchewan and our annoying
neighbors over in British Columbia but
now the deal is done and CC thinks that
equalization should be up for
renegotiation brave brave CC had his
chance to put that on the record back in
November and put Justin Trudeau on
notice
CC didn't the NDP folded the feds knew
they could get away with forcing a bad
equalization deal on us because Alberta
under the leadership of Rachel Notley is
Ottawa's punching bag and piggy bank all
at the same time the feds get to do
whatever they want to us because there
is no provincial leadership willing to
stand up to the feds as they treat us
like a colony of Upper Canada instead of
equal partners in Confederation for the
rebel media I'm Sheila Gunn read what
you just saw there is the daily video
that I do here at the rebel but did you
know that I have my own weekly
full-length show it's aptly called the
gun show and we talk about issues facing
Canadian families but to get access to
my show and the rest of our incredible
premium content treat yourself to a
rebel subscription today
you
