amidst an ongoing rape crisis London
just saw a 22 year old American tourists
raped just yards away from Trafalgar
Square
the Metropolitan Police have just
released information about an incident
that happened earlier this month and
they said online on Sunday 3rd of June
officers were called to a South London
Hospital where a 22 year old woman had
attended any suffering vaginal injuries
officers spoke with the woman an
American national who was visiting
London on holiday at the hospital
she recalled being told to get out of a
taxi in the early hours of the morning
after a friend have been sick
but no recollection of subsequent events
prior to waking up and seeking treatment
for her injuries analysis of CCTV showed
the woman in the company of her friend
and two unknown men in Haymarket W one
at around o 300 hours on 3rd of June one
of the men is seen to carry the women to
a nearby doorway where the available
evidence suggests she was raped this is
a symptom of a decaying Society of a
global city with no sense of direction I
mean it's amazing to think that this is
London in the 21st century as a
metropolis with no core values and a
people that are separated every way
possible I mean financially ethnically
even racially this is a city divided
without a uniting culture within this
city with no real sense of right or
wrong
cities like London simply descend into
chaos and that's why London has now seen
a 20 percent rise in rapes over the last
year it's not just a stab Athan and gun
problem London is seeing a rape epidemic
the police say they don't understand the
epidemic either but I do we do a report
in the independent explains the number
of alleged rapes reported to police in
London has risen by almost 20 percent in
a disturbing increase police are
struggling to explain there were seven
thousand six hundred and thirteen
reported rapes in the year to January
compared to six thousand three hundred
and ninety two over the previous 12
months according to figures collated by
the mayor's office for policing and
crime so Craig Mackay Deputy
Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police
said the rise could not be accounted for
simply by more victims feeling able to
report abuse or better recording
practices quote it's not as simple as
saying this is increased confidence he
hold the London assemblies police and
crime Committee of course that plays a
part and faith in the process but there
is something going on with sexual
offending in London that we don't fully
understand we see the end of it but we
don't understand the causes you know I
would bet that the importation of people
from cultures that have zero respect
through women has had an effect on this
in fact the New York Times even had to
admit that in Sweden where they have a
serious problem
with migrants that actually there was a
connection between migrant increase and
rape increase and also you know London
is full of people from numerous
different cultures that have zero
respect for women but one that I think
is really important to take notice of is
Pakistan because in Pakistan it's
reported that 93 percent of women in
that country experience sexual violence
in public places in their lifetime 93
percent and this isn't just sexual
violence this is in public places it
just happens so willy-nilly
on the street and it doesn't matter to
anybody we cannot deny the importance
that culture plays in something like
this especially when it comes to
immigration and the safety of our own
cities but good luck proving it because
the office for national statistics don't
appear to record the data of ethnicity
of offenders I mean that would be racist
I mean who dare to suggest who would
dare ever suggest that maybe culture
plays a part in crime
London isn't just experiencing a spike
in knife crime and moped crime London's
descending into real legitimate chaos
and when we see a 20 percent spike in
rapes and by the way that's just
reported rapes we know there's a serious
problem and by the way this isn't just
feminists trying to redefine rape I know
that that's an issue but this is a spike
in real sexual assaults and raped
throughout our capital city and the
police on authorities have no idea why
it's happening but we know why it's
happening this is a toxic combination of
importing people who have no respect for
women and a lazy fair attitude from the
Metropolitan Police what do you think is
going to happen when the police stop
focusing on real crimes and instead
focus on hate crimes combined with the
fact that there are people living in
London who have zero respect for women
this is what's happening this was always
going to happen and when a city isn't
properly policed and when it's national
culture and sense of pride is stripped
away and then when racists are imported
on top of that you can bet you can bet
there's going to be a rape epidemic if
you like that and want to see more
remember to like and subscribe and
download the new rebel app from the
Apple App Store and the Google Play
Store
you
