the reprehensible behavior of the left
carries on Sobhan Chuck Schumer admits
something huge and the Rooskies need
more brewskis all of that coming up
today on the rebel buzz Peter Fonda is a
tool I'm sure you have heard by now his
disgusting comments on Twitter earlier
this week seriously he's horrible I
would like to use a stronger term like
deplorable but that term carries a much
more positive meaning with me since
summer of 2016 thank you very much
Hillary Clinton if you miss the story
Peter Fonda tweeted this
we should rip Baron Trump from his
mother's arms and put him in a cage with
pedophiles and see if mother will stand
up against the giant a-hole she is
married to first of all don't end the
sentence with the preposition
idiot secondly you just committed a
number of crimes including threatening a
member of the president's family and
suggesting bodily harm but that wasn't
the extent of his rant he also tweeted
this Kirsten Nielsen is a lying gash
that should be put in a cage and poked
at by passerby the gash should be
pilloried in Lafayette Square naked and
whipped by passerby while being filmed
for posted posterity and then there's
this sweet SS sera Sanders is a lying -
- and gash is worse than the c-word
maybe we should take her children away
and deport her to Arkansas and giving
her children - Stephen Goebbels Miller
for safekeeping so much to talk about
here but I will just say if you think
that Nazi comparisons are even remotely
appropriate here and you think Nazi
policy is to detain law-breaking
non-citizens while caring for their
children and protecting them from harm
feeding them and giving them health care
then you are a freakin idiot there is
literally nothing Nazi about this but
Peter Fonda isn't alone in his appalling
behavior in words in a tweet that has
been deleted television writer Pat
dassault responded to Fonda's tweet
referring to Donald Trump Jr's daughter
saying this don't worry we're coming for
Chloe - now all of this is in response
to children being detained at the border
they're so worried about these kids
being traumatized
by being detained so you mean to tell me
that getting trafficked through Mexico
and across the border didn't traumatize
these kids but being housed in a
warehouse with beds and blankets three
meals a day and Sony PlayStation's did
I've been saying this all along we all
have this is not a trump policy don't
you remember
Elian Gonzalez Democrats do not care
about the kids they care about the votes
Democrats don't want kids released but
they don't want them separated what they
really want is blanket amnesty that is
their ultimate goal but there is a
little bit of silver lining to this
story because someone happened upon
Peter Fonda's Wikipedia page while for a
very short amount of time his bio was
edited someone very clever edited his
page to say this Peter Henry Fonda born
February 23rd 1940 is an American child
molester this lovely lady on Twitter
captured it just in the nick of time so
sometimes the internet really delivers
something fun and sticking with our
immigration topic in hypocrisy news
today let's talk about sobbing Chuck
Schumer and his Democrats he is a
hypocrite for sure but he also lifted
the veil just enough to confirm what we
have known all along Democrats don't
want a solution to the immigration child
attainment issue they don't want a fix
they don't want legislation or
immigration reform they want to keep the
problem alive and burning for political
points by using illegal immigrant
children as pawns to score votes look no
further than the fact that the children
being separated from parents and
detained during the Obama administration
got nearly no press they didn't care
when it was their dude in office but
with Trump in the White House they have
their donkey to pin it on instead of the
proper donkey the Democrat jackasses who
kicked the can down the road for eight
years under Obama Obama could have
signed an EO as well Democrats could
have fixed this when they had a
supermajority but they didn't want to
bring attention to the issue because
they didn't care on Tuesday Chuck
Schumer and his band of idiots dismissed
a GOP plan to end the separate
of illegal immigrant immigrant children
from there illegal immigrant guardians I
say guardians because the majority of
them aren't with adults who share their
DNA during session this week Schumer
told reporters this well there are so
many obstacles to legislation and when
the president can do it with his own pen
it makes no sense and when reporters
probed him on whether he would approve a
bill proposed by Mitch McConnell he said
he wants to keep the focus on Trump it's
all about Trump it's all about propping
up an issue that they could have handled
a decade ago and using it as a
bargaining chip to pass wholesale
amnesty that's all it's ever been about
for Democrats amnesty equals votes which
equals winning elections and retaining
power and that's what it's always ever
been about and to finish up on a
non-political note pop open a beer
hopefully you have one in your fridge
but if you were in Russia you don't the
Russkies need more brewskis there is a
beer crisis occurring in Russia so as
with anything blame the Russians
specifically Russian soccer fans no
really this one actually is on the
Russians the World Cup is taking place
in Russia and soccer fans are out
drinking the country's beer supply now
Russia is known for vodka but apparently
that isn't the drink of choice for these
football fans restaurants are running
low or completely running out of beer as
fans celebrate victories and drown their
sorrows after defeat a waitress in
Moscow who was interviewed by Esquire
said that after running out of beer on
Monday they simply didn't account for
the fact that the fans would be
exclusively drinking beer so how much
beer are we talking about 211 gallons in
three days to be exact at one bar other
bars ran out of beer before the day's
match even began now due to taxes and
regulations Russians have been drinking
less beer in recent years but the World
Cup clearly reversed that at least
temporarily hey maybe they can get some
beer friendly legislation out of this if
they
laughs another three weeks hey we'll be
happy to send you some good old American
beer with a hefty tariff of course
because you know law of supply and
demand that's just beauty of capitalism
that's what we have here in America
everybody have a great weekend I'm
Amanda head the Hollywood conservative
and thanks for watching the rebel buzz
if you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us here at the
rebels subscribe to our premium content
at www.hsn download our awesome new app
for the rebel media on the app store
that way you will have instant and easy
access to all of our latest videos and
your favorite rebel shows thanks so much
for watching i'm amanda head for the
rebel
