we're all being increasingly
preconditioned to embrace diversity from
elementary school to just about every
speech ever made by our current prime
minister the D word is oh so prominent
diversity is our strength after all
right but check out this photo of a peel
Regional Police Officer brandishing a
certain amber hue flag from his police
cruiser again in the name of diversity
and ask yourself what's wrong with this
picture
so earlier this month at a Sikh parade
in Brampton Ontario a police officer
working paid Duty was handed a yellow
flag by a father and his young son the
father asked if he could then put his
son in the front seat of the police
cruiser and affixed the flag to the
cruiser hey why not I mean it all looks
so diverse and diversity is good right
just one not so insignificant hitch that
flag represents the idea of a callous
tan state and it was callous tani
extremists who were responsible for
Canada's deadliest act of terrorism in
1985 when an Air India flight departing
Vancouver was blown out of the sky
killing 329 people mostly Hindus now
first things first Sikhs have long had
an allegiance with the British
Commonwealth and our integral and valued
members of our society but there's an
extremist element in Sikhism which
involves forming a separate and
autonomous Sikh state in India that
would be known as Calais Ted in addition
to the Air India 182 bombing it should
also be noted that it was callused any
extremists who assassinated Indian Prime
Minister Indira Gandhi in 1984 all of
which is to say it's probably not a good
idea for law enforcement in the Western
democracy like Canada to display such a
flag just as it wouldn't be appropriate
to fly the flags of oh I don't know
Hezbollah or Isis from a police cruiser
either now when I first saw that photo
my gut reaction was that the cop had no
idea what this flag was or what it stood
for and it turns out my gut was right I
reached out to peel Regional Police
Sergeant mark Bertram who told me the
following quote we have spoken to the
involved officer and learned what we
expected he did not know what that flag
was he was not aware of the Associated
controversy surrounding the name Calais
tan and he has no association with
Calais tan he apologizes if anyone was
offended by his unintentional
actions this officer has been reminded
that although we certainly value
increase public interactions and
building relationships with the
community we are not allowed to display
items on police vehicles or uniforms
that is not approved end quote so it was
indeed an honest mistake and I believe
that but with regard to the bigger
picture it would seem to me that this
little flag Fiasco is symbolic of our
unofficial mantra of if it's diverse
it's good and if it's good its diverse
yet although Justin Trudeau would
probably disagree there can indeed be a
dark side to diversity especially if
that diverse train of thought calls for
the use of murder to achieve political
ambitions
so maybe next time somebody in an
official capacity is given a flag to
hoist it might just be prudent to ask
what indeed that flag represents because
it might not be simpatico with the
values and principles we cherish in a
Dominion such as Canada for the rebel
dot media I'm David the men's ID Menzies
hey folks the rebel has a brand new app
please download that app and take the
rebel with you wherever you go
you
