forget net neutrality the left's army of
blue checkmarks show the two lanes of
the Internet is actually a far left
ideal if we didn't know any better we
might see the left's I renew as a
sophisticated sense of humor
unfortunately we are not afforded such a
clever or respectable foe and their own
irony is especially lost on themselves
take for example their complaints about
net neutrality and internet fast lanes
in spite of their own army of verified
foot soldiers who hold the ultimate fast
lane passes in the form of checkmarks
and cheap accreditation the left's
institutional machinery has become a
perfect assembly line their grade
schools prime their victims with leftist
indoctrination the pupils are then
passed along to the college system where
they are put through a boot camp of
cultural Marxism and Newspeak then
crippled with college debts they'll
never pay back students are finally
chained in bondage to a cubicle at any
number of insurgent media corporations
for all their hard work they are handed
out blue checkmarks and verified
accounts like their costume children
clutching a bag of Halloween candy they
must think we've made it
now these propaganda drones are speeding
along and the fast lanes of online
information exchange their poorly
written articles are treated like
headline gold their mediocre video
channels such as now this and Mike are
artificially forced into virality on
your Lea every platform and on any given
day we can see them rioting bleeding hit
pieces on the newest hot topics be it
libel against a right-wing figure the
toxic masculinity of Father's Day or
even the white male quote problem and
entertainment fandom it is all lofted to
the highest point of visibility all the
while we on the rights are in an uphill
battle and forced into the slow lanes if
not banned altogether on Twitter for
example the army of verified blue
checkmark liberal goons massively
outweighs their right-wing counterparts
or at least their non left-wing
counterparts one look at any of
President Donald Trump's tweets will
paint
your picture of how their system works
like clockwork there is a never-ending
supply of verified leftist shills
sitting comfortably at the top of the
thread boasting about whatever lunacy is
their new fashionable concern and their
doublespeak is exposed it becomes quite
clear that they don't actually want
neutrality on the net the far left are
perfectly comfortable sitting atop their
lofty and unmerited high horses of
verification in their desperate
clutching for control over all speech it
is not so hard to picture a scenario
where only the verified are allowed to
speak and who will the leftist techno
elites bestow these verifications upon
certainly it won't be many conservatives
like our forefathers it seems once again
we are in a battle for representation
the times have changed but the game
remains the same we are witnessing a
world where fools are elevated into rich
heroes and these chosen few preach from
their ivory platforms if you want to see
more from me and the rest of the rebel
team like and subscribe
you
