Senate Judiciary Committee grilled
Michael Horowitz and Christopher a well
Republicans did anyway we learned some
interesting things we're gonna go
through them yesterday's Senate
Judiciary Committee hearing on the IG
report in which Inspector General
Michael Horowitz and FBI director
Christopher Ray were present and
answering questions we'll get into that
yes Co in a second got off to a great
start as Iowa Senator Chuck Grassley
basically called former FBI director
fired disgrace FBI director on a book
tour
James Comey a liar Chuck Grassley then
doubled down on Twitter Grassley claims
that commis attorney said Comey could
not present himself before the committee
because he was out of the country but
Grassley correctly noted that James
Comey was reading photos from Iowa only
a day or two before and that there was
no indication that James Comey was
leaving the country Grassley went on to
say that homey merely leaving the FBI is
not reason enough for him to refuse to
testify before the committee and I think
that the senator is a hundred percent
right the senator is a hundred percent
right James Comey
purposefully avoided that committee why
would he do that
well we learned from Inspector General
Michael Horowitz that James Comey is
under investigation for leaking
information to his friend of course the
professor at Columbia who then leaked it
to the New York Times now my basic
takeaway from the hearing yesterday is
that FBI director Christopher ray I
don't know if it's Agnes --nt or if it's
just his style but he seems more than
apathetic and arrogant flippant he
doesn't seem like he wants to be there
he doesn't seem like the American people
deserve answers he keeps making excuses
as to why the FBI did nothing wrong and
I was glad that several senators senator
Kennedy put him on notice it's ludicrous
it is ludicrous for both Michael
Horowitz and Christopher ray to say well
it was a small group of people within
the FBI
if it were four or five agents in an
Oklahoma field office sending texts
about Hillary Clinton how much they
loved her and how much they hated Donald
Trump and how they would do all they can
to stop Donald Trump
that would be insignificant when it was
Andrew McCabe the deputy director when
James Comey was leaking information
when Peter struck the lead investigator
on the Hillary email case on the general
Flynn case one of Muller's lead
investigators until his his texts became
public when it was Lisa page an FBI
attorney who reported to the director
and the deputy director when those were
the few players involved when it was the
top of the FBI that's a game changer
how dare Horowitz and Rea downplay that
how dare they it's an insult to the
American people now interesting
interestingly I thought one of the best
lines of questioning one of the most
powerful came from South Carolina
Senator Lindsey Graham I've always been
critical of Graham of I should say
always often been but lately Senator
Graham's been on the mark he was a rabid
a rabid never Trumper in the election a
rabid never Trump but Senator Graham's
come around he started to sieve it
Trump's policies are working more
importantly though I think Lindsey
Graham while I don't agree with Lindsey
Graham's politics is an honorable enough
guy he's an Air Force officer senior
officer in the United States Air Force
he was a prosecutor for a long time he's
a defense attorney for a long time
Lindsey Graham understands how the law
works it was incredulous he basically
asked a question that I was hoping
someone would ask that I hadn't seen
anybody ask
a question that I've raised on the show
and that I've tweeted out
gross negligence is a criminal standard
right
uh what did Comey say Hillary did is she
was extremely careless
Linda Graham got Michael Horowitz the in
the DOJ Inspector General to admit that
there is no definition difference
between gross negligence and extremely
careless but there's a significant legal
difference because the term gross
negligence that was in the original
report generated on Hillary Clinton is a
level of criminal culpability if the
words Hillary Clinton had been grossly
negligent were included in that report
that would then force a criminal
referral to the Department of Justice by
using the words extremely careless
extremely careless is not a legalized
standard level of criminal culpability
in terms of language they mean the same
but in legalese in prosecutorial speak
they're light-years apart and the
changing of grossly negligent who
extremely careless was incredibly
incredibly significant incredibly
significant numbers it was very very
glad that Lindsey Graham brought that up
I was also very glad that Lindsey Graham
made the point and I thought he did it
incredibly powerfully in plain speak no
legalese that how in the world could you
expect any reasonable person to believe
that the lead investigator on a case who
was saying in his text who is mistress
will stop Trump who chose not to
prosecute Hillary who presided over an
investigation where the report on
Hillary had language change from the
criminal standard of grossly negligent
or the non criminal standard of
extremely careless how in the world can
you the Inspector General generate a
report saying you didn't think there was
political bias and I'm paraphrasing
senator Graham when every American could
see there was nine year olds could see
there was if you explained it to them in
in the way the very effective way I
thought Senator Lindsey Graham explained
it to the the audience to America and
the way he questioned Michael Horowitz
they're also in my opinion were not
enough questions on Peter struck we
found out that Peter Straub is going to
be a administrative lien Vesta gate but
I don't like that I don't like that now
it remains to be seen if Peters tract
did anything criminal
I don't believe Peter Straub did
anything criminal is reprehensible
that's what Peter struck I did was as I
study this as I analyze this every day
for you many many times a day I can't
find any criminality on the part of
Peter struck and I don't want to be a
hypocrite I don't want to say people
should be prosecuted you shouldn't and I
don't want people who should be
prosecuted not to be Andrew McCabe
should be prosecuted
I believe James Comey could be
prosecuted Peter struck should be fired
he should be stripped of his pension and
benefits he should never have
credentials that's a retired from the
FBI but I see no criminality on his part
there's no reason for him to be
criminally referred in DOJ just shamed
as a political partisan who weaponized
his office now we learned and here's a
story from the Washington Examiner we
learned and here's what it says the
Justice Department officer Inspector
General is looking into former FBI
director James Comey 'he's decision to
give his personal memos to a friend
outside the government inspector general
Michael Horowitz testified yesterday
quote we received a referral on that
from the FBI we are handling that
referral and we will issue a report on
the matter is completed so it may very
well shake out that James Comey is
criminally referred for prosecution to
the Department of Justice as he should
be
as he should be now homie you remember
this back in 2017 told Congress that he
did release the memos but as a private
citizen now James call me
director of the FBI before that senior
Department of Justice official knows
full well knows full well that when you
leave government service you cannot
divulge classified information your your
your security clearance and the
provisions that go along with that about
keeping classified and confidential
information confidential don't end when
you leave the building they don't end
when you leave the building they stay
with you for the rest of your life the
only time the only time you can release
that information as if the information
is Declassified by the original
classifying authority and in many of
these instances that would be the
President of the United States and so I
didn't see that happen and I don't know
what Comey is talking about now Comey
admitted I'll let me read this to you
because they did a good job here at the
examiner Comey has admitted to giving at
least one of his memos with his friend
Daniel Richmond a former federal
prosecutor and current Columbia Law
School professor with the hopes he would
leak them and put pressure on the
Justice Department to appoint a special
counsel to investigate Russian
interference in the 2016 election so
call me knowing he rigged the game in
the investigation for Hillary or
colluded with people to do it then
wanted to hurt Donald Trump even more so
instead of being a man and getting out
in front of it he decided to go through
his buddy leaked memos to get Muller
appointed
now Muller's Cham should be shut down
Muller was only appointed based on an
illegal leak an illegal leak by a fired
guy a guy who now rod Rosen's Dean's
memo members of Congress who referred
him criminally for Komi criminally and
the Inspector General report all say
should have been fired Muller can't find
can't find evidence of Russia collusion
right his new pivot his new trajectory
is to investigate Trump for obstruction
of justice that obstruction of justice
of course being firing James Comey but
how can it be obstruction of justice
if the Deputy Attorney General who
appointed Muller members of Congress and
now the DOJ Inspector General all feel
James Comey should have been fired James
Comey is now under a criminal
investigation by the DOJ Inspector
General for leaking classified
information
Trump's firing him isn't just vindicated
it's proven to be vital and necessary in
national security we often talk about
the president being able to fire the FBI
director for any reason I refer back to
a 2011 memo generated by Barack Obama's
Department of Justice and generated in a
very ironic and interesting fashion for
a very ironic interesting reason that
memo was generated in 2011 by Obama's
DOJ when Obama was asking Congress to
extend Robert Muller's tenure a few
years as FBI director Congress was
concerned they said well we don't want
another J Edgar Hoover situation with an
all-powerful director of the FBI and the
DOJ reassured Congress don't worry
that'll never happen because the
President of the United States at any
time for any reason can fire the FBI
director he doesn't even need a reason
president can just decide he's not doing
a good job and it can be a completely
subjective and arbitrary feeling of the
President of the United States
the Trump never needed justification of
fire call me
Rosenstein x' letter gave him a second
opinion from a ranking member and DOJ
members of Congress are furring Comey
criminally to DOJ backed that up further
with the OIG report and now this
investigation into Comey illegally
leaking as I said may be firing not only
justifiable which Trump didn't even need
but optically justifiable homies firing
was necessary and vital the national
security and the integrity of the FBI
and classified information held by the
FBI
it is ludicrous ludicrous that we're
still having a debate as to whether or
not James Comey James commies firing was
obstruction of justice
it's simply ludicrous
ludicrous but robert muller rages on now
senator orrin hatch ripped the FBI and
Christopher rayon an appalling report
report senator Orrin Hatch from Utah is
retiring Mitt Romney wants to run for
office there I think that Romney is an
enemy of this president I think he wants
to be in the Senate so that he can work
on impeachment and removal of Donald
Trump
senator Orrin Hatch said quote this is
appalling and the significance of these
findings and not he over dated
Wow Wow the report identifies us all
from senator Orrin Hatch the report
identifies missteps at every level of
the Department of Justice from our
nation's chief federal law enforcement
officer whose special agents in the
field director a I have to say that I
was disappointed by your response last
week to the inspector general report
well let's remember who that small
number of employees was because Ray in
his press conference last week as I said
earlier in this segment kept saying well
it's a small number of employees but as
senator Orrin Hatch points out this
wasn't five agents at an Oklahoma field
office director Ray he says so let's not
pretend like this was some one-off
problem there is a serious problem with
the culture at FBI headquarters and he's
right in Christopher ray has instilled
zero confidence in the American people
christopher ray has instilled zero
confidence in the American people now
Senator John Kennedy a Republican from
Louisiana a press the Department of
Justice and Senator John Kennedy said
who I believe it was Inspector General
Michael Horowitz he asked him if he
believed in the tooth fairy
in the tooth fairy it was an epic
exchange let me read it to you
he says to Michael Horowitz general
meaning inspector general do you believe
in the Tooth Fairy and Horowitz said
nope
senator Kennedy said do you believe in
the Easter Bunny and Inspector General
Michael Horowitz said nope Kennedy said
said do you believe that Jimmy Hoffa
died of natural causes and Horowitz said
uh not based on what I've read
then senator Kennedy said do you
honestly believe that the American
people are going to look at this report
and look at those emails and not believe
there was bias and people acting on bias
and that the fix was in at the FBI
Horowitz then engage them what I believe
to be a whitewash
I completely understand the concerns
senator and that's why we've laid all
this out here and that's why we found
that it impacts the credibility of the
handling and me and the investigation
and what we say here is not a senator
Crapo mention which is that there was no
bias but rather when we were asked to
look at was whether the specific to look
at was whether the specific decisions we
reviewed were affected by bias and those
particular decisions here were that
we're talking about where decisions made
mostly by the prosecutors not by any of
the individuals you just indicated there
and where there was that concern which
was in October where agent stroke was in
fact a decision-maker it's precisely
what we found the concern we found the
problem in horowitz's answer is that
also in the IG report we saw very
similar Trump hating will take care of
them text from unidentified attorneys at
the Department of Justice so now a group
of hate 8 House Republican hate I hate
the report
eight House Republicans is asking goj
inspector Michael Horowitz inspector
general to give them the names of the
FBI employees and others who were not
identified in the report
this is very very important because we
can't have the Inspector General saying
well we were concerned about stroke but
he didn't make the final decisions
that's what we found no bias we found no
bias because the people made the final
decisions didn't text things that were
biased but we don't know that though
right because there were other texts
from unidentified parties we need to
know who those parties were we need to
know where they sat in the food chain of
this investigation
that's all very very relevant and
critical information
now I'm hoping that today's House
Oversight Committee hearing where you
have a much tougher group of people than
you do in the Senate is going to get to
the bottom of some of that I don't feel
it will i'm encouragingly awaiting the
inspector general's report on commis
miss handling of the classified info I
hope that results in a criminal referral
but everything we found out now really
does reinforce my desire for the White
House to appoint a second special
counsel this is really important content
the House Oversight Committee is also
having hearings it were to be analyzing
those in-depth when those hearings are
done but please subscribe to a premium
service to get it all at wwww media
forward slash goes also go to the App
Store download the rebel app as always
thanks so much for watching I'll see you
tomorrow
