the United States soon will have a
military branch extending to the far
reaches of the universe well maybe not
that far but have you heard about space
forests no it is not a Hollywood
blockbuster it's a real thing and I'm
gonna tell you about it today coming up
on the Hollywood conservative for the
rebel the Trump administration announced
yesterday its plans to start a program
called
space force which will be our sixth
branch of the military speaking to a
crowd at the national space council
president trump directed the Pentagon to
establish the branch as a means of
protecting the United States and our
interests in outer space he directed
General Joseph F done for the chairman
of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to tackle
the inception of the program space worse
definitely sounds like something from a
novel but then again the times that we
are living in everything crazy happening
everything kind of seems like the plot
of a movie anyway this whole Muller
McCabe Comey struck page thing is
straight out of the pages of a political
corruption novel now I will admit I
think this program sounds pretty freakin
awesome
but there are people who are opposed to
it general mattis to name one general
mattis in a letter last year written to
Representative Michael Turner who is the
House tactical air and land forces
subcommittee chairman general mattis
wrote this to him at a time when we are
trying to integrate the department's
joint warfighting functions I do not
wish to add a separate service that
would likely present a narrower and even
parochial approach to space operations
now I also think that there are some
bureaucratic concerns our military needs
to consolidate and streamline our Air
Force was making progress on the space
front and it just meshes with near-space
defenses and missile defenses and the
pragmatic frugal side of me sees dollar
signs and I'm thinking to myself holy
crap this is going to be expensive then
again that's what people said in 1958
and 11 years later our dude Neil
Armstrong walked on the moon effectively
giving us bragging rights for all of
eternity as the first country to put a
man on the moon so yeah that was money
well
now this program is inevitable and will
likely be necessary sooner than we
realize after all our defense forces
started on land that was sufficient for
the time and then we started battling on
the Seas so we needed a navy then the
Wright brothers came along and
popularized air travel and boom it's
1907 and we need an Air Force by the way
originally part of the army it didn't
become a separate branch until 1947 so
at some point orbital conflict is going
to be a bridge that we are forced to
cross now I would rather be prepared
ahead of time and beat others to the
punch then be behind in the pursuit
struggling to figure out how in the
world we are going to fight off the
storm troopers and Xenu returning to
capture John Travolta and Tom Cruise to
whisk them back to the Galactic
Confederacy there's a Scientology
reference in there if you didn't follow
so hopefully soon we will be back on the
moon and possibly Mars the only question
is will the Martians pay for it thanks
for watching everybody I'm Amanda
headboard the rebel if you enjoyed my
commentary and want to hear more from
all of us here at the rebels subscribe
to our premium content at WWWE need for
words last shows make sure you're
following us on Facebook and Twitter for
all of our latest news and download our
new amazing app for the rebel media on
the App Store that way you will have
immediate and easy access to all of our
latest videos and your favorite rebel
shows thanks so much for watching I'm
Amanda head for the rebel
