I'm as relevant it's June 19th and
you're watching battleground well hello
my friends and a few enemies welcome to
our daily show is called battleground
and what's fun about it is it is live
and to the right hand side of the screen
as you can see you can make comments to
me in real time if you want your
comments to stand out you can chip in a
few bucks or quid or pesos even I've
seen rupees I've seen kronor
and it makes your comments in a bright
highlighted color for all to see to
makes it stand out if you give I think 5
bucks or more it's actually pinned to
the top of that box for a while and the
great news for us here at the rebel is
that we actually get the majority of
that dough from YouTube to help pay our
bills so I thank you in advance for
those of you want to superjet I've got
some news today I'm gonna give you the
very slightest bit of news about Tommy
Robinson I'm delighted to say that I
received a call from the family
immediately after they received a call
from the tummy and that's all I'm gonna
say in because it gives you one piece of
information the tummies okay the tummy
is in prison but he's okay and he's
communicating with his family and as you
know Tommy has decided to appeal and
that will happen when it happens
so I'm not teasing you I'm simply
telling you that we have proof of life
and that may sound dramatic but as you
know Tommy has been threatened in prison
in the past and he was moved prisons
with no reason or explanation and people
were quite concerned so I am pleased to
say that as of two hours ago
we know that Tommy is fine and we'll
have a little bit more news about him in
the days ahead
just to clarify I do not purport to be a
spokesman for Tommy or his family I am
authorized to do only one thing and that
is to manage the crowdfunding opera
raishin which you can read all about at
save Tommy calm so I will share with you
occasional tidbits of news that I think
are legitimately shared with the public
but I do not purport to be his spokesman
I am an advocate for him in my own right
and on behalf of our viewers many of
whom remember him fondly when he worked
with us he has been independent for
several months with that little preamble
out of the way I want to tell you that
we're not going to spend the whole show
talking about Tommy as we have done on
occasion over the last few weeks we're
going to talk about other subjects this
show battleground predates Tommy's
arrest and God willing Tommy will be
released soon enough and we will talk
about other things as well I want to
talk about two main things today the
first is Donald Trump's crackdown on
illegal immigration and what that means
in terms of handling unaccompanied
minors who cross the border on their own
or with adults not their parents or if a
parent and child are arrested when the
parent is breaking the law and I want to
start with a very articulate exposition
of what the law is that it is
heartbreaking when a young person is
involved in a crime but it is a crime to
break the law to come into the United
States illegally and we have to deal
with that with some tenderness and some
compassion but at the end of the day the
law is the law and to explain the
stuarts of videos is four years old now
but I think that's fairly recent the
laws were the same back then may I
present to you Hillary Clinton take a
look and their families are because
there are concerns about whether all of
them can be sent back but I think all of
them who can be should be reunited with
their families and just as Vice
President Biden is arguing today in
Central America we've got to do more I
started this when I was secretary to
deal with the violence in this region to
deal with border security but we have to
send a clear message just because your
child gets across the border that
doesn't mean the child gets to stay so
we don't want to
you send a message that is contrary to
our laws or will encourage more children
to make that dangerous journey could
that have been said by Donald Trump
himself could that have been said by
Donald Trump's Department of Homeland
Security is it could have been in fact
it has been for some reason when a
Democrat says that as Hillary Clinton
did or when a Democrat enforces that as
Barack Obama did
that's just enforcing the law that's
just prudence when Trump a Republican
does it it's a scandal it's proof of
their lack of humanity or as the former
former CIA director did a couple they
say oh he compared it to Auschwitz I'm
not even kidding I see a super chat by
Cindy ikenson 12,000 children that come
10,000 without a parents Trump is saving
10,000 from ms-13 and sex trafficking
well that is correct
I've seen statistics from liberal
sources not from right-wing
sources that for he to 60% of children
or women I'd have to check in with
children and women I'm sorry 40 to 60
percent I think it's of women who
crossed the border are sexually
assaulted as in they are either
trafficked as property to begin with
they are being brought to America as
prostitutes or that is how they pay
their human smugglers don't think these
are grassroots organic individuals
making their own way I suppose there are
a few of those but in the main this is a
big big business I read in the New York
Times sir The New Yorker rather the
other day of someone paying $7,000 u.s.
to have their child smuggled across the
border that's a lot of dough why would
you give up your young child and put
them in the hands of a smuggler don't
you know that they'll be subject to
predators especially if the smugglers
are criminals to begin with and what if
you don't have 7,000 US
a lot of money for an average Mexican
well maybe you're forced to pay with
your body as so often happens so how is
this in any way a good thing for women
or children of course the sexual abuse
happens to both women and men we've got
some imagery from the processing center
why don't you put that up now let's talk
about I'll take some questions in a
moment and as theme as you refer to on
the on your note here so this is a
processing center this is obviously not
constructed in the last 500 days this
has a chain-link fence two separate men
from women and two separate children
from adults yeah and it doesn't look
great does it but this is what what's
the date on this Hannah what's the date
on this image it doesn't look great but
this is what happens to people who break
the law and are caught they're held
okaythat's and you don't put kids and
that's the first holding and then the
kids are separated from parents if
they're incarcerated in no prison I'm
aware of in North America do you put
children in with adults in a prison
Tommy Robinson being the obvious example
Tommy's in prison we don't put his kids
in with him even if they were arrested
with him
you don't put kids in an adult facility
and that was obviously a just a
temporary remand before they were either
deported or put into a more permanent
incarceration let me show you the
footage of where our friend Joel Pollack
went these are the places for
unaccompanied minors who are detained by
immigration police put that footage up
let's take a look at that this is from
Joel Pollock as you can see it's a lot
friendlier than the immediate short-term
detention where people are sorted this
looks more like a daycare dorm I
wouldn't quite call it a summer camp but
it's obviously kids oriented this is
obviously a medical facility there this
is the kitchen
I'm not going to call it a camp because
it's probably not fun although they're
doing their best to make it fun for
young people probably the first real
meals they've had since they were taken
by traffickers across the board let this
play out as much as we have of it I say
again if you send your minor child
across the border unaccompanied as about
80% of the kids in question are there
sent unaccompanied by their own parents
they're accompanied by human traffickers
oh there's my phone I'm just going to
turn that off
don't expect them to be imprisoned along
with those same traffickers here's a
sport cord of some sort looks like
they're playing soccer
so yeah I'm not saying say this is fun
but these kids are not being punished
they're being detained you know the
difference is detained means sir you
can't just walk off a punishment is
we're making it unfriendly you gotta
pound
rocks or something you're in an
unfriendly environment Joel Pollock gave
us an interview you can see the rest of
it on our website I interviewed him
yesterday there's hours of sports
everyday there's hours of Education
every day this is where the kids are
so that first footage we showed you look
at this this is their room the first
footage we showed you was when someone
is immediately scooped out out off the
streets or some other place they're
separated obviously the men are
separated from the women the adults are
separated from the children and that is
done in every single incarceration in
the West we don't put women in men's
prisons we don't put children in adults
prisons for reasons of abuse for reasons
of privacy opening doors to opportunity
so individually visualize your future
don't forget your culture that's what
that says in Spanish yeah I'm not saying
I would want to send my kid there on
purpose but it's probably the best place
they've been after being in the hands of
the human traffickers would you agree
with me this is all Joel footage Joel
Pollock footage can you hold keep pause
there could you can you just roll back
to that I want to scroll back a bit I
want to read what that says on the wall
yeah
southwest key medical services mission
is to deliver the appropriate and
necessary health and prevention services
to the unaccompanied minors during the
time that they are in our care these
services pertaining to medical care are
coordinated supervised monitored and
performed at the direction of a medical
provider on behalf of
by physicians dentists nurses and other
professional and technical personnel ok
keep rolling it so that's what's
happening here
these kids are picked up they are
removed from the human traffickers
whether it's ms-13 Oh pause that pause
there sexual abuse and harassment stop
abuse so of course so sexual it's my
attempt at Spanish do you understand
that these kids before they came he can
roll the footage before these kids came
into this facility they were treated as
chattel as property that they were raped
as payment for the human traffickers or
they were being trafficked for the
purposes of being raped and I say raped
because when you were a minor child you
cannot command all that belt can you put
that bail up and just go back for one
second on the bail that ringing the bell
Joel described to Joel the cameraman who
took this he's with breitbart.com he he
or we can't we won't pull it back but it
was just someone ringing Bell that was
the Riu Narus that's the reunification
Bell that's the Bell when these kids are
reunited with their parents or another
proper guardian not ms-13 gangs not
human traffickers all right thank you
for showing all that footage so that
footage was released by the Department
of Public Health sorry I thought we had
similar footage that was released by
Joel Pollock of Breitbart ,
I forgive me I had confused my interview
with Joel yesterday with the footage
today that came from the Department for
Health and Human Services forgive me for
that error Joel went there it was not
his camera just to clarify a technical
error I just made but Joel did go there
and he gave us a full report on the show
yesterday not exactly how the mainstream
media depicts it but let me show you the
tone of the conversation we started off
by showing you Democrat Hillary Clinton
let me show you another Democrat front
group you may recall them called occupy
walls
and this is their official account this
is two hundred thousand followers his
account hold that up there for a while
what to do if you encounter an ice agent
of course ice stands for their
immigration control and enforcement I
think it's what the see is if an ice
agent tries to take your child at the
border don't panic
pull your child away as quickly as
possible by force gently tell your child
to close his or her eyes and ears so
they don't witness what you were about
to do
number four grab the ice agent from
behind and push your knife into his
chest with an upward thrust breaking
through his sternum five reach into his
chest and pull out his still-beating
heart six hold his bloody heart out for
all other agents to see and tell them
that the same fate awaits them if they
fu ck with your child again I checked a
few hours ago and this was still online
so this has been online for about 24
hours
it's the if it's the main Occupy Wall
Street Twitter feed that is a democrat
front group Occupy Wall Street was
funded by George Soros were sort of the
shock troops for Barack Obama to
demonize the 1% that's where the whole
99% 1% became common parlance that was
the war on Wall Street the war on wealth
the class warfare argument for taxation
that's the tone of the left we don't
know if you can call it up Michael
Hayden's
tweet with an image of Auschwitz the
death camp in Poland where Nazis sent
what was a two million Jews to the
deaths
Michael Hayden the former director of
the CIA under george w bush by the way
compared the yeah other governments have
separated mothers and children let me be
clear about the separation of mothers
and children and that reunification bail
that they showed me
look at this it's got 27,000 likes here
if parents and their children go to a
port of entry and apply for asylum that
is not against the law and they are not
separated from their kids kids are put
into that detention facility it's not a
prison if they are found with human
traffickers like ms-13 or another gang
or if their parents break the law to
sneak in and their parents are detained
because you don't put children and
parents in the same prison that's just
not what we do in the West so it's a lie
the very prevalent the cartoon back up
for a second you'll know you'll know
what was said in that last panel
actually where was the one where they
say that this is the fate awaits them if
they eff with your child again so you'll
see what to do if you encounter a nice
agent so this implies that parents are
with their children that's not the case
in about 80% of these cases the kids are
not with their parents and again if the
parents take their children to a port of
entry and apply for asylum they will not
be separated the only reason that
children and parents are separated is if
the parents are breaking the law and
they're detained for that reason then
the kids are detained separately
obviously or in the vast majority of
cases if the kids were not with the
parents to begin with do you see the
darkness of that lie and the
grotesquerie of the former head of the
CIA making the comparison are aged 1218
let's read some comments here I think I
missed one yes Tom young John says in
the u.s. 80 percent of naturalized
immigrants vote Democrat it could well
be and I think that's one of the reasons
why the Democrats believe in open
borders it's one of the reasons why open
borders were put through by Tom by Tony
Blair in the United Kingdom and by
angler Merkel in Germany I had by Justin
Trudeau in Canada if you can't convince
the indigenous voters of a country to
vote for you replace them bring in
50,000 Syrians as Trudeau has done in
Canada bring in 13 million Mexicans as
successions of presidents have done in
the United States let's read some more
comments and then we're gonna switch
gears I want to read some comments about
immigration mango tango says in all
Western countries the governments have
allowed the breaking of the law by
illegals yeah I mean as Sonny Bono the
former singer and late congressman said
they're called illegal aliens that that
means they're illegal right I mean he
sort of points out that's in the name
they're illegal that's why the left says
no no don't say illegal just say
undocumented
Americans or irregular that's that's for
testing through their irregular
immigrants yeah I know no they're
breaking the law they're illegal
so BG padding the differences that they
have no one in this country seriously I
don't know you were free Lauren southern
spell from a scam we don't blame the
unaccountable synth work says it's like
a holiday camp what sort of is they have
sports every day they have education
every day they have health care
dentistry looks like good food looks
like lots of artwork looks like there's
a real emphasis on keeping them away
from predators yeah they're not allowed
to leave unless they're reunified with
their parents in a legal way but that is
not a hardship to be put in that place
certainly compared to where they were
beforehand goatman says the kids will
work on a cotton farm we'll see that's
the thing when these kids are smuggled
in illegally the smuggling and the
illegal entry is not the end of their
illegalities it's the beginning of a
life in the shadows because if you're
illegal if you are an outlaw if you're
outside of the law
well you evade consequences for your
illegal entry but anyone else can do
things to you and you don't have the
benefit of the law so while you yourself
as an illegal immigrant are evading the
law to stay in the country you can be
trafficked for prostitution at best
you're paid in cash under the table
beneath minimum wage to pick cotton to
pick fruit to be a gardener to be you
know unskilled laborer construction I
mean that's why fruit is cheap in
California places like that that's why
you know I remember a decade ago when so
many of these house flipping shows were
so popular and on reality TV in the
States
and I'd watch some of them just stunning
fun and interest and they'd show people
buying a house in the southwest USA for
like a hundred grand which Canadians in
cities like Toronto Vancouver can only
dream of buying house that cheap and
then they do all this renovation and it
would cost like 30 grand total and I'm a
Canadian thinking how did you rent your
whole house and
and your yard and the pavement and the
interlock for 30 grand invariably
the people who did it were illegal
Mexicans now on the show they were got
paid well enough and they were happy
enough but they were not making minimum
wage I can assure you and they were
undercutting indigenous American labor
and that's why Donald Trump's proposal
for immigration enforcement in the wall
is not just a national sovereignty issue
in the crime issue and a rule of law
issue it is a jobs issue because if you
have unskilled illegal labor coming in
from Mexico they're undercutting the
poorest of Americans blue-collar
unskilled laborers who would work a
wheelbarrow work a shovel work a you
know or semi-skilled who would do some
brickwork and yeah I think that there
was a decision in the last election
collectively in the United States that
people are probably willing to pay an
extra 25 cents for a little basket of
tomatoes or an extra 25 cents for a bag
of oranges and hire an American citizen
legally on the books paying taxes legit
then just to squeeze an extra 25 cents
out of it and have an illegal do it and
all the social ills that flow from that
including to the under-the-table fruit
pickers who are surely subject to any
sort of abuse because what are they
going to do run to the police I think
they're in a terrible position all right
it's 12 23 let me read some more
comments have I missed in a super chat
Santa okay
Jenny Walsh says the Cloward Piven
strategy to destroy America includes
overloading the welfare system and
creating crises Cloward and Piven are
college professors who are also Satan
worshippers well Tenny I don't know if
they're saying worshippers but I am
aware of their radical agenda including
welfare and undermining the government
and that there's sort of cousins to Saul
Alinsky and his book rules for radicals
and I remind you that of course Hillary
Clinton studied under Saul Alinsky and
that whole radical approach to leftist
community activism that Barack Obama and
the Barack Obama was a community
organizer
that's an Olinsky I'd phrase so yeah of
course they they see that Trump is
cutting them off
El Chupacabra says then twitter won't
take it down you're referring to that
instructions on I won't just call it
murder but I call it a terrorist murder
what's the difference between a murderer
and a terrorist murder a terrorist
murder is to terrify people through a
grotesque ask act of spectacular
violence to make them succumb to your
political wishes I think that's a
working definition of terrorism that is
a terrorist post by Occupy Wall Street
and last I checked it was still online
Sean Grant Ezra how come rebel doesn't
talk about George Soros are you kidding
me
hey Hannah can we call up the Soros
60-minutes video clip that we've shown
before Dinesh D'Souza might have a
version that's a are you kidding me well
you clearly have not watched the rebel
because we talked about George Soros at
least monthly we've demonstrated and can
also call up the image of Justin Trudeau
meeting with George Soros that's still
image we track George Soros very
carefully I'd say more so than any other
medium in Canada and I have some
personal cred in the matter because in
2010 I think it was George Soros
personally sued me for a column I wrote
about him in the Toronto Sun we track
Soros his engagement with Justin Trudeau
keeping the Trudeau Soros there we go
this is a tweet
by justin trudeau look at him sitting
leaning forward like a good little boy
taking instructions from soros Trudeau
has spent with source on various
occasions and it's not just a
chit-chatting meeting Soros and his open
societies Foundation has signed a
contract with the Canadian government
that you can find online Hanna can you
find that online it's a it's a Canada
dot G CCA is the the root of it a
contract between Canada's Immigration
Department and George Soros where Soros
literally drafts portions of Canada's
immigration policy and the third part of
that contract referred to drafting a
strategy of propaganda to change hearts
and minds to make them open to mass
migration will see if we can find that
contract I'd tried to describe it to
Hannah there but in the meantime let me
put up for you a segment from George
Soros's
interview with Steve Croft of 60 minutes
on CBS a few decades ago this formed a
portion of my article in the Toronto Sun
that caused George Soros to personally
sue me so why don't you take a look at
this clip you're a Hungarian Jew who
escaped the Holocaust by posing as a
Christian
and you watched
we'll get shipped off to the death camp
say that was 14 years old
and I would say that that's when my
character was made in what way that one
should think ahead one should understand
and and anticipate events and one one is
threatened it was a tremendous threat of
evil I mean this was a very personal
experience of evil my understanding is
is that you went out with this protector
of yours who swore that you were his
adopted godson yes yes when I would in
fact and helped in the confiscation of
property from the Jews that's a yes I
mean that's that sounds like an
experience that would send lots of
people to the psychiatric couch for many
many years was it difficult no not at
all not at all it may be as a child you
don't you don't see the connection but
it was it created no no problem at all
no feeling of guilt know for example
that I'm Jewish and Here I am watching
these people go I could just as easily
be there I should be there none of that
well a of course I could I could be on
the other side or I could be the one
from whom it the thing it's being taken
away but there was no sense that I
shouldn't be there because that was
well actually funny way it's just like
in markets that if I weren't there of
course I wasn't doing it but somebody
else would be taking it away anyhow
University whether I was there or not I
was only a spectator the property was
being taken away so I had no role in
taking away that property so I had no
sense of guilt in another interview he
actually said it was the most exciting
time of his life but that's quite
something he says oh it's not about good
and evil it's the market I mean look if
I didn't participate he later said oh no
I didn't really participate I was just
sort of hanging around yeah so I've
taken on George Soros many times he sued
me in 2010 I see a comment here I forget
who wrote it
El Chupacabra who won the lawsuit Ezra I
bet
well the lawsuit came against the
Toronto Sun where I was writing and so
it was their decision really wasn't my
decision since they were the publisher
and they agreed to apologize but the
apology was so weird it didn't he just
the apology I don't have it in front of
me it said something like we wrote an
article about George Soros and we
apologized for it but we didn't specify
and it was very strange and I wasn't
gonna quarrel with the Sun I had just
joined them at the time I think if I
were on my own which I am now or with
the rebel and if I were the decider I
would say let's let's have a whole trial
on this and let's put you through an
examination for discovery and let's talk
for a full week about what you did in
Hungary and let's acknowledge that he
was a teenager back then and let's
acknowledge that he was following the
instructions of his father to survive
let's acknowledge that to me the great
moral sin of George Soros real name
Georgie Schwartz was not what he did at
the time under the instruction of his
father and under duress of the war the
great moral sin came afterwards upon
years or decades of reflection where he
said as you saw to 60 minutes that he
had no compunction had never lost him in
his sleep if it an in fact told another
biographer
that it was the most exciting time of
his life that's my quarrel with source
can he put up the website Hanna thanks
very much here's the website so that I
referred to in case you think I am a
conspiracy there is Canada UN Human
Rights Commission and the Open Society
Foundations seek to increase refugee
resettlement through private sponsorship
and look at number three you see this
point form here these are the three
things that George Soros is in charge of
provide a vehicle that mobilizes
citizens in support of refugees and
encourages a broader political debate
that is supportive of refugee protection
what is that
why are we Canadians why is Justin
Trudeau signing a contract with George
Soros as open societies foundation that
they will direct the Canadian government
to have Pro open borders Pro migrant
propaganda that's what point three there
is debate in support of refugees that's
called propaganda you can find this
online scroll up so people can see the
URL okay we can't see the URL but ma'am
you can find this oh there we go maybe
we can even pin this you know like we
did yesterday with it mean we could put
that under the what's that called there
at the bottom of the in the description
that's what it's called if people want
to read this because you're probably
sinking in no way George Soros and
Justin Trudeau did not actually sign a
contract that outsources to George Soros
Canadian government propaganda on
immigration yes way and my friend Hannah
will put that in the info underneath
there were some more questions that I
saw there let me when I was just when
that video was playing I was looking
through someone said that
Alinsky dedicated his book to Lucifer
does that not make him a Satanist and I
say good point I do recall that that
Solomon's key dedicated his book to the
devil or Lucifer thee the fallen angel
yeah I forgot about that
so good on you and we've shown in the
past pictures of George Soros as son
Alex at a spirit cooking event I don't
even want to show it again because I
literally get nauseous when I see
pictures of people dealing with real
blood and as if some sort of ritual it's
so gross it turns my stomach
Tom young John Soros sued you you done
good yeah I mean Soros is in his 80s but
he is still mentally sharp and very
active and his son Alex will clearly
carry on his work beyond him and of
course his foundation is staffed by
professionals
so when Soros himself dies which could
be in a year it could be in a day it
could be in a decade he might live to
his 90s I mean he is access to all the
health care in the world and if he needs
an organ transplant he can get one by
stamping his fingers and cutting a check
so he is a very malign influence and
it's not just his personality he has
staffs and foundations and politicians
in his pockets
so it's 1234 I'm gonna read a few more
comments because there's some
interesting ones coming up
I'm just trying to find some that I can
understand that aren't a cryptic
reference to something that Sora's
vehicle is constant Trudeau vision and
the state broadcaster amongst them yeah
I mean they love George Soros because he
either pays for things or he just
represents their globalist view all
roads lead back to Soros as brutally
honest bear not all but certainly a lot
of them when you slosh around the
billions that he has he's basically
colonized most of the leftist movement
at least in North America and Europe and
certainly he's tried to conquer his home
country of his birth Hungary but I think
he's lost that battle let's read some
more comments here darling akin and what
I'm actually seeing is more of my
girlfriend's phoning conservative well I
mean could be there's I think I think
the extreme form of feminism that is now
on the ascent and politically correct
leftism it's not just anti-male it's
obviously that but I do believe it's
anti female or at least anti feminine
and I honestly believe that
transgenderism is at its heart auntie
female as well because it implies that
men can be women and men can push aside
women whether it's in women's sports or
in women's bathrooms or I mean the head
of the Quebec Federation of women is a
transgender man that's insane so I do
believe that this new gender extremism
that we're seeing is anti feminine anti
female I believe that all right so 36
I've read some comments and I want to
shift to our second topic for the things
Hannah and Justin forgetting those
sorrows clips it's just sort of made me
laugh when someone said I never hear you
talk about service I'm not obsessed by
the man but I think we cover him more
accurately and more vigorously here at
the rebel and previously at the Sun News
Network than anyone else does in Canada
all right I want to switch gears let me
play for you at
for tonight's show by John Cardillo
called off-the-cuff Declassified and
when we come back we'll talk about an
interesting election last night in
Canada so take a look at this what else
is on the rebel today an off-the-cuff
Declassified will analyze yesterday's
Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on
the IG report the immigration debate
rages there's a lot of bad information
out there we'll cut through it and give
you facts bug culture in Chicago wants
to be able to carjack you without
repercussions I'm gonna tell you all
about that and the army finally boots a
communist cadet hey welcome back we're
gonna talk about a conservative surprise
win maybe it shouldn't have been
surprising but it surprised me in the
province of Quebec last night but before
we do I see a new super check coming in
so I'll go straight to it same thing one
says could rebel do a stupid things
Trudeau has said and done condensed
compilation or word that video be like
600 days sick separate days long yeah it
would be tough to come up with a top 10
list you know maybe we should do another
book on that you know our friend Sheila
Gunn Reid had another number one
bestseller just a couple weeks ago when
she did the unauthorized biography of
David Suzuki and environmental
extremists of laughing gambling you
would never see a formal publishing
house in Canada print that you just
never would think about that think about
how our Canadian media is so such a
monoculture in the United States there
are a few pro-trump books
we interviewed our friend Conrad Black
who's a Canadian by the way but he has a
new excellent pro-trump book it was very
good by Conrad black if you're looking
for a book about Donald Trump by someone
who actually knows him and gives him a
fair shake meticulously researched short
250 pages I was worried because Conrad
Black has written 1,000 base books I
recommend Conrad Blacksburg I'm not just
saying that because I like Conrad liked
I was worried when his book came out I
thought oh brother I would have to read
a thousand-page history book no it was
it was very breezy
but other than like a handful of proton
books it's all haters right this is this
is Conrad blacks book called Donald J
Trump a president like no other and I
think even the left would agree with
that
subtitle wouldn't you wouldn't you say
um but what's that book by that crazy
crazy Trump hater the fire and the fury
or something like that that was all he
was like on CNN every 20 minutes until
Michael haven't had he came along with
stormy Daniels it's so many Trump books
out there Trump is the president but
every publisher is cashing in on anti
Trump sentiment which it let's say it's
half the country let's say it's half the
country good for that make some money
why in Canada do we never have an anti
Trudeau book Trudeau has never been
higher than the low 40s in the polls so
we know that there would be an appetite
of let's say at least fifty percent of
Canadians who would read it not just
Canadians on the right like me but
Canadians to his left I suppose why has
there ever been an anti Trudeau blog
because we live in a political media
monoculture I call it the media party as
a shorthand maybe a false to us here at
the rebel to put together a compendium
footnoted breezy I don't like long books
people have time for them just the facts
maybe it's so much to do alright thanks
for that super chat let me see if I've
missed any others I don't think so okay
I want to talk about this surprising
conservative wing can you put it up on
on the screen there Conservatives win by
election in liberal held Quebec riding
can you also call up the Elections
Canada by election results page Hannah
so I can show the exact details which
are quite surprising so Quebec is
routinely called
one of Canada's more left-wing provinces
and it's just true for a variety of
reasons they just are and it happens to
be the province from which Justin
Trudeau is personally elected it's a
problem
that regards itself is the most
environmentalist I don't think it is but
it certainly likes to think of it that
way it's the most progressive in terms
of sexual norms and secularism the
separation of church and state is an
enormous issue there which is why they
are also resistant to mosques I guess
they're not progressive in that way
they're they're actually resistant to
islamification they're very left-wing
and there was a by-election a special
election in one of the districts in
Quebec if the Liberals had held for a
long time I don't think the concerns
actually ever held it but look at this
result last night the Conservative
candidate Richard Martell
Rashard mattel not only won he got an
outright majority and hold us on the
screen here the Liberal candidate both
went bovine way back not even 30 percent
of the vote and what's very interesting
to me is look at the NDP the New
Democratic Party that's Canada's
Socialist Party airing Du Bois not even
double digits
that's incredible to me now how is it
that the Conservatives who have a pretty
Anglo leader he's from Saskatchewan he's
he does not have a Quebec aesthetic his
he can speak French possibly but I don't
think he's catching anyone on fire I
don't think this election is the result
of Andrew sheers magnetic personality I
think it's something else I think it's
because the NDP vote collapsed jag meat
scene the sing the extremists leader of
the NDP they don't like him in Quebec
and I get it I get it because he's such
a radical and he's been shown to be a
bit of a separatist with regards to
Calais tan that's a Sikh region of India
and that's not Canada's fight and yet
jag meets Singh has shown that he's
chummy with Sikh separatist back home in
India and I don't think Quebec wants any
part of that action but I actually think
the main reason is my theory I'd like to
test this hypothesis against the
maybe we'll have to invite our friend
Erik to him back on the show and ask him
because he really knows my hypothesis
that I would like to test is that the
reason the conservatives got such high
numbers
the Liberals got such low numbers even
though Justin Trudeau pulled out all the
stops announced tens of millions of
dollars of pork barrel spending in that
riding in recent weeks I think the
reason why the concerns had a historic
win it's not under share it's partly
that the NDP vote collapsed but I
believe it is because of the open
borders mass migration can we call up
some b-roll from the rebel on this maybe
some of faith cold-eeze investigative
journalism from last year new york state
borders the province of Quebec and this
is one particular road called Rock some
Road and it's just a road and then it
stops and there's like 10 feet of a
little ditch and it says do not cross go
to a border crossing but there's no
fence there and you come to the end of
the road it's just an end there's a
little ditch and then on the other side
is Canada and words come out then if you
walk across Rock some Road you will be
allowed to stay in Canada while your
Asylum claim is being held as if people
from New York are refugees so tens of
thousands of people have just marched
across immediately breaking the law
because there are big signs term and the
RCMP said turn back go down the road but
these illegal migrants the human traffic
you see this this is just a row and
they're just coming
that's a taxi and the police have set up
this temporary structure they're
actually helping them with luggage I
don't know if you saw the you know look
at okay do you have any weapons come on
through come on through yeah you guys
are packed and the police have they're
not turning them back they're welcoming
them and they're allowed to stay not
detained in any area it's not like those
Mexican detention centers that I showed
you before in Canada you come across the
border you have to talk to the cops for
a few minutes and you're allowed to stay
in Canada
for years and this is between the border
of New York and Quebec so you have tens
of thousands of Donald Trump's rejects
is what they are why are they coming out
from New York's an amazing state New
York City is an amazing city the United
States of America is an amazing country
it's one of the freest places in the
world it's a wonderful wonderful place
no one is persecuted in America you
cannot be a refugee from America under
law or in fact we have a treaty with the
United States called the safe third
party treaty that says if you're from
America it's a matter of fact and law
that you cannot be a refugee to Canada
if you're in Canada it's a matter of
fact in law you cannot be a refugee to
America because obviously we're both
great countries but tens of thousands of
people who are going to be deported by
Trump or if committed a crime or being
hunted by police or just know that if
they come to Canada get lots of free
stuff free health care free welfare free
school and it'll take years before their
refugee hearing so tens of thousands of
these people have been pouring into
Canada but what part of Canada Quebec
and Quebecers have had it up to here and
Trudeau's solution was to get them on
buses and send them down to Toronto
because Toronto doesn't have as much
self-respect I guess but I truly truly
believe that that 52 percent or whatever
was that the Conservative candidate got
last night was not so much a vote for
the Conservatives although I think it
was partly that it was a vote against
open borders that's my hypothesis if
you're from Quebec let me know and we'll
talk to our Quebec friend and expert
Eric um in the days ahead maybe we can
get him on the show I want to read some
more of your comments I'm gonna start
leafing through it if you want to make
your comments stand out you can make a
super chat for a couple bucks otherwise
I'll just pick them randomly okay real
men fish a shame max Bernie a was tubed
by
shir for his stance against the dairy
cartel
yeah well that obviously didn't seem to
impact the results last night which
again I attribute I attribute rather to
the immigration issue Canada meteor
hammers as Canada is not well known for
calling up their own CRTC and such hey
that's a good point because if a TV
station or radio station gets too handsy
or with an issue they're simply they
lose their license at the CRTC that's
our version of the f CC tammy pretend
Stan Belt says I'm glad dinesh d'souza
was pardoned oh absolutely
did he violate a campaign finance
reporting requirement yes he did did
that warrant an actual prison term of
course not and it was just a political
praana shman of dinesh d'souza he
shouldn't have done what he did he gave
his political enemies a way to sink him
but that's not prison worthy no darling
McKenna I'm in Toronto it's hit or miss
really it sucks being single right now
if you can imagine okay I'm looking at
some dating comment it looks like I'll
just skip that prim pal aid Quebec is no
more happy with Trudeau's policies and
the rest of Canada is I don't know about
that because I don't know Quebec's
psychology well enough I think that
there are more than one Quebec
demographic though there's your liberal
montreal errs and then there's the rest
of the province I think that it's more
conservative more sane but I don't think
even montreal likes these open borders I
remember when Danny Coderre and others
in the City Council in Montreal were
talking about a sanctuary city we showed
a poll I think it was by crop or one of
the Quebec pollsters showing that an
overwhelming majority of Quebecers and
montreal is the most liberal of
Quebecers
are against a sanctuary City status so
yeah they don't want anymore that
bellowing El Chupacabra they're a
socialist parties they are all socialist
parties except the Conservatives yeah
there's a few socialists in the
Conservative Party too my friend
norway's has got no notification today
well that bothers me because I think
that we
are being throttled a bit by YouTube
have you clicked that little bell on
your YouTube subscription the little
notification bell because that should
get things to you I see there's a super
chat the corker says maybe if the
conservative comeback 2019 they will
resurrect the energy East pipeline yeah
it would be nice to think so wouldn't it
I don't know if the conservative
leadership has that kind of courage but
so here's hoping amandajoy 622 thousand
signatures for Tommy right now
will it make any difference yes and no
it will make no difference to his legal
uphill appeal but as you know Tommy has
made a strategic decision to appeal and
those documents are in process I have no
news to report I am NOT a spokesman for
the family but when those documents are
ready to be reported we will certainly
bring them to you and we will analyze
them as best we can so my point is the
only way to get out of prison in a
country with the rule of law is to go
through a legal route but half a million
the million signatures on a petition
does have an effect in the court of
public opinion
politicians see that other people see
that are in are encouraged and inspired
the flying dutchman says flying in July
14th I have heard that there is going to
be another protest in London on July
14th and I want to learn more about this
event and maybe we can promote it a bit
free Melanie Shaw I see that name from
time to time and I need to do a little
bit more research into that st. Jean
d'Arc people are falling for that fake
news about separating family you're
talking about the immigration detention
in the u.s. you're exactly right and by
the way I saw a news story I'm going to
google it and we'll put it up here
actually maybe Hannah can you google it
and put it up the CBC covered a story
Google Manny Montana Greenough tweeted
the other day but Canada has the same
policy obviously if someone is being
detained
we separates kids from their parents we
put kids and then adult prison the story
I saw from the CBC last year was that
there was I think 200 or 250 children
detained Google's CBC true you know
liberal detained
children or something it pops up pretty
quick just to show the people I'm you
know it when Trudeau does it when
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama do it
that's fine that's just law enforcement
when Trump does it
it's literally Hitler as that Michael
Hayden tweeted what a disgrace that such
a man was once the director of the CIA
let me read some more hunky monkey says
Melanie Shaw is getting worse treatment
than Tommy two years solitary confront
okay well just put up this such rude Oh
fact sheet here last resort why Canada
indefinitely jails immigration detainees
including kids so yeah you can see this
story was from a year ago you scroll
down just a little bit the federal
government is in the final phase of
consultations to blabbity blah jails
hundreds of kids it's just it's just
normal I mean when someone breaks the
law you detain them why would it be any
more lenient for a foreigner as opposed
to a Canadian if you are a Canadian who
breaks the law your kids don't go to
jail with you they are separated from
you and that is sad so don't do
something illegal and if you want to
come to the United States as an asylum
seeker if you want to be a wreck there's
the there's the Canadian Detention
Center I mean you could call it a cage
it doesn't look as nice as the American
one doesn't but that's Trudeau for you a
bedroom is shown at the immigration
holding center in Toronto so yeah look
at that image I showed you in great
detail the footage from the American
Detention I would rather be down there
than in this crappy place wouldn't you
separate living areas for families and
children have access to a teacher yeah
doesn't look as cool as there you go you
know two different prisons immigration
detainees if you don't want it don't
break the law
you can go to a port of entry in the
United States border with Mexico in the
Canadian border with the States and you
can apply for asylum legally and you
will not be separated from your kids if
you apply illegally it's only when you
break the law that you are UTSA B says
nicer than most college dorm rooms yeah
bad image there was sort of like a
college dorm room but the imagery we
showed at the beginning of the show was
much nicer than a college dorm room
andrea Hetherington the Liberals in the
u.s. are going absolutely insane with
the hyperbole concerning these illegal
aliens yeah well that's what they do and
I think the timing of it to coincide
with the Inspector General's report of
all the crooked dealings of the FBI it
was not a coincidence that that all went
nuts on the day of the I G's report
JJ's tussen statinsky says do you think
Pierre Trudeau was worse than Justin
Trudeau or his Justin Trudeau worse than
Trudeau senior that's a good question I
think Justin Trudeau is worse in one way
Justin Trudeau is not the decider he's
more the mascot the decider is his
principal secretary Gerald butts and
those around him including George Soros
for example I don't think Trudeau would
have ever outsourced
his immigration policy to George Soros
in New York as I showed you in that
contract
I think Trudeau would have been the
master of policy and the decider he was
awful he was Marxist he was globalist
before it was a thing he was an under
miner of America but at least he was the
decider Justin Trudeau acknowledges that
he is not the decider and I don't think
we can find it in short order but Hanna
remember the Trudeau reports where the
ethics commissioner reviewed Trudeau and
his dealings with the billionaire called
the alga Cohn there's a passage in that
report I don't know if we can find it in
three minutes
where Trudeau was asked about a secret
meeting he had with a billionaire not
just a meeting he was taking a private
vacation on the billionaire's private
island in the Bahamas and the ethics
commissioner said this guy's lobbying
Canada
for millions of dollars you're taking a
private vacation on his billionaires
island and you're keeping this whole
thing secret that's clearly a violation
of our ethics rules and Trudeau's
counter-argument his defense he was
convicted by the way of four counts of
breaking the conflict-of-interest Act
first time any sitting Prime Minister's
being convicted under that law his
defense was well you know I have no clue
about anything I'm doing substantively I
had I wouldn't have even understand his
big words I just go in and Pat people on
the back and make sure the relationship
is good and like it was quite an
incredible statement that Trudeau
himself is admitting as a form of legal
defense that he's actually not the
decided look at this so this is from the
ethics commissioners report you could
find it online it's called it's actually
called the Trudeau report look at this
discussion during the bilateral meeting
of May 17th 2016 mr. Trudeau testified
the despite his relationship with the AG
economist that billionaire who gave me a
free vacation he did not have any
concerns about attending the May 17 2016
bilateral meeting with him the meetings
that guy said I got to read this part
without laughing the meetings he attends
as Prime Minister are not business
meetings rather they are high-level
meetings centered on relationship
building and ensuring that all parties
are moving forward together specific
issues or details are worked out before
subsequently or independently of any
meaning he attends Justin Trudeau is
saying he actually doesn't do any work
as Prime Minister he shakes hands he
does photoshoots he does selfies he does
high-level relationship meetings he goes
in and out the real work is done before
or after his meetings or by other people
that's his argument and he made the
argument because the ethics commissioner
said you just took a free vacation on
this billionaire in his private island
he kept it a secret and you're in a
meeting where he was lobbying for things
how's that not corruption and he said
well could I doesn't understand what
he's talking about it's all Greek to me
I was just there to say hey man how you
doing hey man amen
so to answer your question who's a
bigger threat who
worse pierre trudeau in his day or
justin trudeau in our day my answer is
justin trudeau in our day because he's
actually not to decide her so we don't
have as much transparency or
accountability because he's just the
mascot in his own words the decider is
Gerald BOTS George Soros I don't know
who and you don't know who either
because he doesn't even disclose most of
his meetings I find that terrifying all
right I think I covered all the super
chats
today it's 1259 so we're almost out of
time
it's Tuesday and we do this super chat
every day at 12:00 noon eastern time if
we have news about Tommy Robinson I will
bring it to you but I am NOT looking for
news to bring you about Tommy Robinson
I'm not asking the family for public
statements or updates if they give me
something that I think is suitable for
public consumption I'll pass it on but I
will not reveal any confidences I just
don't think it's my role if the family
wants me to do more for them I will but
they have their hands full I know that
an appeal is in the works and we will
certainly keep you posted it has the one
thing we are charged with doing by
Tommy's family is to crowdfund for that
and you can do that in save Tommy calm I
hear in my ear that our time is up and
so on that note I'll thank you for
joining us special thanks to those who
chipped in via the super chat that goes
to helping to pay our bills and until
next time on behalf of all of us here at
rebel world headquarters in Canada
goodbye and keep fighting for freedom
you
