the EU is trying to ban memes and we are
entering the next generation mean war so
the liberal ruling elite the 2016
election was a guarantee our victory has
been such an excruciating ly traumatic
experience for the left that they are
still reeling and lashing out and
childish fits of anger and disbelief in
spite of the enemy being entrenched in
nearly all institutions they are
completely blindsided and then destroyed
by our most effective weapon means they
had full control of the media they had
their hands and the backdoors of
electronic voting machines they had a
seemingly impenetrable matrix of
delusion cast over the minds of their
supporters and an entire tech industry
ready to shadow ban throttle and
suppress our information online they had
the door shut close to any that would
oppose their hegemony but like an army
of magicians we scrolled our truths upon
means and slid them right on their
closed door of censorship still we must
not become complacent we must be wary of
hubris or will succumb to the same folly
and fate as the enemy it is becoming
clear that they have finally begun
identifying memes as an effective weapon
as a chink in their armor and now
they're making adjustments to their war
game meme control is underway overtly we
can see legislation being pushed to make
memes illegal in the European Union
so-called digital rights groups are
pushing the copyright directive a new
law that could force social media
platforms like Facebook or 4chan to
censor user content before it even gets
uploaded the legislation is asking big
social media networks to develop and use
content recognition technologies that
would automatically search for any media
that is copyrighted and ban memes that
you use that material
this isn't about protecting copyright
this is about banning memes the left
can't meme so now they opt to destroy
memes a more covert method of combating
memes will
most likely be algorithmic detection and
automatic deletion of our means it
wasn't too long ago when Facebook added
the new colorful status updates a
feature that allowed users to choose
colors and gradients as backgrounds for
their statuses soon after these color
gradients became slightly more complex
patterns and now they are full-blown
illustrations doesn't it seem like
Facebook users are being crowd-sourced
to teach machines to read text against
contrasting backgrounds it seems a
little too convenient for me in the near
future should this legislation pass
Facebook could literally stop you from
uploading content if it is suspects it
could be a meme they will not let us win
another election with our old tactics it
is a cyber war for our future like an
online game in which we only have one
life to lose and in this game we must
level up upgrade our weapons armor and
magic spells
we must upgrade our means elevate our
mimetics into full-blown media assaults
street art live performances music video
games films comics and any other mediums
we can conceive of our our message will
be blended into everything we say do and
create we will modify every corner of
the internet into memetics our memes
will become all-encompassing and they
will never be able to shut us down
let your plans be dark and impenetrable
as night and when you move fall like a
thunderbolt if you want to see more from
me and the rest of the rebel team like
and subscribe
