I saw this story today on the Trudeau
loving CTV remember Justin feels luxury
vacation to India one way I went for
eight days or so but seven of those days
were vacationing on the taxpayers dime
you know the one where he literally
brought a new dress-up costume for every
single day even when his hosts dressed
you know normally you know the trip
where he dressed danced like a fool even
after the disasters Fiasco of him
inviting a real terrorist Jaspal at
walnut trip Trudeau blamed the Indian
government for that fiasco the trip that
was so vain and self-indulgent the
Trudeau actually brought his own Indian
cuisine chef on the plane with him from
Canada with on that trip remember that
trip well apparently on the flight over
one of the gauges on the airplane
flickered a bit you know the needle
wavered a bit I'm guessing something
that trivial happens on every single
flight of every single jet plane in the
world they're extremely complicated
machines that's why they're maintained
so carefully
let me read how serious this was
I'm kidding of course but CTV was in
full panic mode here let me read from
the story this story was called
malfunctioning sensor another snag for
prime minister's aging plane and the
story wrote emails obtained by ctv's
Mercedes Stevenson through an Access to
Information request show that a gauge
designed to monitor engine temperature
began fluctuating randomly during the
February 16th flight to New Delhi and
that a ground crew at a scheduled
refueling stop in Rome found a few loose
wires so that's all you got that's what
you got there there was a loose wire and
then there was a gauge that the
fluctuated a bit you guys okay you need
grief counseling or something well it's
an obvious I mean we need to buy the
prime minister a brand new VIP style
Jets to compete with Donald Trump who's
getting a new 747 you know the CTV
article doesn't even pretend it's not
lobbying for this they quote Greg and
McCarran you
he's a liberal lobbyist saying we
absolutely should buy his pal Trudeau
and yet I mean when Trudeau Jets down to
the Bahamas to visit his pal the Agra
con on that private billionaire island
he's got to arrive in style people you
can't have a loose wire look I know why
the United States needs Air Force one
it's not just a way to travel it's a
mobile White House designed to be a
command center for the entire US Armed
Forces in case of a nuclear attack it's
nice inside the jet I'm sure but it's
not built for nice it's built to
withstand an electromagnetic pulse two
commands the whole military in World War
3 it's a bunker plane
Trudeau's plane not so much just to fly
Trudeau on his what 56 vacations so far
since becoming PM 56 like to India sorry
if you've got an engine gauge that's
flickering a bit that's okay buddy
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
