well six months ago for you it had told
me that Doug Ford would be the premium
of Ontario I would have said what this
thing makes sense I might run for the
mayor of Toronto were you talking about
premier well things move quickly it was
a very exciting election and I have to
say I mean we love the rabble we think
we're the dissidents and we're the
troublemakers I have to give credit
where it's due the Toronto Sun newspaper
was the most important newspaper in that
election because they were the ones
doing the real due diligence on the
various parties and their candidates and
one of the reporters who brought
spectacular stories to the front page in
addition to a friend Joe Warmington is
our friend Sue Ann levy and she joins us
now in studio so you need to see you
again yes sir
nice to see you well you know last time
we had you on I think it was to talk
about your book yep underdog yeah
confession of a right-wing gay Jewish
muckraker that's a heck of a lot of
great adjectives together
you broke a lot of stories about some
NDP candidates that if they had not been
vetted by you oh god forbid they might
even be cabinet ministers today oh my
god and some of them got in give me an
example of some of the crazy crazy you
got in obviously God is go through some
of your hits tell me about some of the
stories you broke well the one woman who
got in and in my own riding st. Paul's
is a fat black activist queer activist
she's aligned with black lives matter
I'm actually heartbroken that she got in
and she made her living off of getting
people or speaking up about fat shaming
and actually giving talks on fat shame
it's sort of a weird you know skill said
it's probably not applicable to running
a province well the worst thing was that
you know what we found out and I did a
story on was that right after the black
the gay pride parade two years ago she
called the police chief of coup on her
Facebook feed and the police and just
for those who don't know who wanted to
run with it the police chief in
Charlotte lack man it's a black man I
don't think it makes it any better that
the insulter herself was black yeah in
fact I don't think that makes it any
better at all no no no but they said
that she had every right and she was
propped up by the way by Desmond Cole
that radical black activist I think he's
a very hateful man very angry man and
they said they was quite fine because it
was just talk between black people the
other woman who got in in University
Rosedale which is a new riding her name
is Jessica Bell formerly known as
Jessica Markham was arrested twice in
Seattle for civil disobedience
sanctioning to sort of leave that yeah
pass by it exactly that's good so you
know it started Ezra as just a couple of
stories about the anti Israel the other
person who got in was Joel harden in
Ottawa Center thank goodness these
people are not going to hold cabinet
positions he is also a rabid promoter of
the boycott divestment and sanctions
movement and has been pushing the NDP to
support that movement you know I accept
that I'm right-wing and there's left
wingers and we can have a hearty debate
hey but we're not even talking about
right wing left wing when you're
anti-cop like Girton Singh that's one
more candidate yes that he's in the NDP
or his brothers in the poppy lady and
the poppy when you're holding a sign
that says fu ck the police yeah
standing next to a cop yes there's a
there's a theme here these aren't just
left I mean I can abide an honest
leftist who makes a kit and there are
some but these are pure identity
politics smashers mmm-hmm are one inch
over from anti foot riders well the big
problem is that you know there are a
roster of obviously not well vetted or
the fact was that they were vetted at
because their Facebook and Twitter feeds
were scrubbed completely we had to go
back a couple of years they weren't
vetted if they were vetted then you know
this is this is what they wanted they
wanted social justice Canada and the
other problem was that Andrea Horvath
was is a week I think she's still a week
later and she didn't speak out against
all these hateful every single one of
them she found an excuse yes
oh I'm for free speech really really yes
I wish she was for free speech yeah well
I have to say congratulations and I
enjoyed reading your stuff oh thank and
I and I have to say not only that I
enjoyed reading
I enjoyed the reaction
of the media party to your columns boy
they wanted to shut you and Joe up yes
they did
that's when you know you do when people
well the last week I went out on the
campaign trail with her I asked to go
out because I felt that they were
lobbing her softball questions the media
party and you should have seen the looks
that they gave me because they were
there they're sort of at the auxiliary
of the NDP right well congratulations
England I want to shift gears a little I
mean boy that that was a very exciting
campaign I'm a new Ontarian I'm from out
west and I have to say Doug Ford has the
spirit of the West and yes I like that
about him let's shift gears to the
biggest city in the country Toronto that
used to be run by Mayor Rob Ford and I
have a sauce I had a soft spot for Rob
obviously she passed away now I found
his flaws to be touching because I mean
I wasn't thrilled about his troubles but
I thought he was and I the hatred and
the viciousness yes it I found him a
sympathetic character me too
and underneath all the flaws and we
don't need to list them all I know it
sounds weird to say there was an honest
man underneath all the trouble but there
was I think and I think people saw that
and he had a connection with people I
hate the fact that was anyway I don't
need to talk about them but he was
replaced by John Tory that tell me a bit
about John well he's been a huge
disappointment I think to many who voted
for him however I knew what we were
getting into
in fact endorsed Doug Ford when they ran
against each other in 2014
Doug of course jumped in to replace his
brother who was ill and did very well
and I knew that John Tory was a weak man
I knew that he would put his finger up
and detect whichever way the wind blew
and you know not surprisingly he has
been totally co-opted by the left on
Council and their crazy ideas and you
know he is I guess in a way a Champaign
he's not a socialist but he is you know
been brought up with a silver spoon in
his mouth but he has a sense of guilt
that he has to do whatever
he can to help the downtrodden the only
thing is is that the natives now are
running the asylum in this city and it's
very concerning to me the way he's
pandered but in particular to to
leftists on council well three Kristyn
wong-tam Joe Cressy and Joma havoc all
with radical agendas pro safe injection
site agendas pro shelter throw
everything wherever who gives a you know
a gosh damn about anybody who is a
law-abiding taxpaying citizen in a way I
got electron Tory's the worst because he
doesn't have the grassroots connections
of a Ford okay he comes from the fancy
end of things so he's like you say he's
always had this guilt he's always
apologizing and so he's so susceptible
because he doesn't have a strong a
rudder himself let me ask you wins
what's the next on Toronto specifically
it's October 22nd of this year
are you serious it's coming in yes very
quickly actually the nominations close
at the end of July
that is almost now I want to ask you
with Doug Ford in the provincial
government that says two things to me
first of all the big dog everyone was
sort of counting on a run but he's got
other things but his success including
in the Toronto boundaries o suggest that
there might be an appetite for voters
for someone with some real cojones yeah
who are there any people on your radar
screen who might fit the bill well you
know the unfortunate thing is that John
Tory has shifted so far to the left that
nobody on the Left wants to run because
he's given them everything they want and
more
so he's not a conservative anymore I
don't know if he ever was and you really
need somebody with some common sense who
you know is more akin to fiscal
conservatism and understands a
law-and-order agenda is there someone
give me some names I mean Oh God
you know I wish we could just throw
somebody in there to ask him hard
questions well okay I gotta ask you
because if you said ask him hard
questions well you were the one who had
to go out and ask hard questions venue
and reward that though you're the one
who had to do the digging to vet
candidates said oh the mighty Toronto
Star in the mighty CBC with their
enormous budget
oh I'm just gonna take a lark here she
went levy you got a big personality
Jewish staying there
Jewish game err well you know I had
toyed with it but it's a very expensive
proposition to run so it would have to
be a real grassroots campaign have you
let people know that you would be open
to it I've just been thinking about in
the last little while
you need money but you need a team yeah
you need a platform platform well the
only thing with John Tory is that he has
the big power players behind him right
my platform I mean like a list of yeah
top three ideas yeah when I think Rob
Ford I think garbage strike and the
gravy trains yeah taxes cut a bit I
think law and order in this city is a
mess I think I think there's a real
problem with enabling drug drug dealers
drug addicted detection so yeah okay
what about transit it's a complicated
subject I don't even know if it's right
wing and left them Jimmy thoughts on
that well transit I think you know the
problem is that there's just not enough
money for transit and the you've got a
council that's shifted every which way
and you know backwards some reason
nothing is getting built is because they
keep changing their mind I don't agree
with John Tory's a three billion to now
one subway stop to Scarborough there's
got to be another way to do it all right
I like your style you've got a profile
anyone will write for the newspaper
people know them they feel a familiarity
so unlike some other candidates you've
already got name in face recognition I'm
guessing are you trying to probably I
want to ask you this you said you're
sort of floating some traveling's how
can people feedback to you yes or no do
you have a website you have an email
address so let's say this someone is
watching right now who says well I chip
in some bucks oh I chipped in sometime
and I got some friends and I'm ready to
roll how did they say hey Sue Ann jump
in how did they do that
scoop levy at Rogers com scoop levy at
Rogers okay we'll put that up on the
screen yeah I think you should get a
website like just to test the waters or
maybe get a friend like a drafts I do
actually have a website Sue Ann levy CA
maybe duds yes all right well I'm very
interested I'm a mean I'm a I'm a fan of
yours become a fan of yours since you
see I mean one thing here's where I know
about you fight you fight and you have
that spirit and you don't bend the knee
when the other side says cement you
don't hand to me that's the most
important characteristic of a public
leader oh you're not gonna be
intimidated or shouted down or you know
that just by the media party well you
know what Rob Ford actually for the
first year and a half
unfortunately he had his addictions we
won't talk about them but he did some
really good work and he had some really
good people around him and he
accomplished a lot that's never covered
by the media party all right
well we'll put up on the screen that
contact information again if you want to
give your feedback to sue and you think
she should run some might say you're
having more influence where you are
there's a difference between power right
and influence yes there are many powers
of Commerce big influence yeah a lot of
influences yeah it's a penis and I know
I Drive John Tory crazy whenever I write
about oh that's that's right it's great
to see you again kid who I was just so
pleased with what I think that you and
Joe and I like you guys yeah I think
that you more than any other two people
helped save this province from a near
disaster and let me just say thanks it's
a new life well you know it's funny
because the NDP just came out of nowhere
and it was well he could have gone man
we could have gone that way
all right well we'll put this put those
contacts in for the email address and
the website up on the screen and I
didn't invite you my viewers to let Sue
Ann know what do you think I think she
should run are you just saying that or
would you you know help out whether it's
a few bucks or some hours that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levante show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
