the Liberals are now accusing
conservatives of Islamophobia for
forcing a marathon voting session at the
end of Ramadan work is apparently the
new frontier in the fight against
Islamophobia MPs just wrapped up a 12
hour all-night marathon voting session
in the House of Commons the
Conservatives forced the marathon voting
session it was a sneaky little
procedural tactic to have the government
release a breakdown of just how much its
carbon pricing will cost Canadian
households basically the Conservatives
would put a stop to the voting session
if the Liberals release that information
which is information that the Canadian
public should absolutely know shouldn't
we know how much attacks is going to
cost us before someone makes us pay it
now the MPs voted on nearly 200 issues
and each one of those issues was a
confidence issue meaning if the
opposition had won the vote the
government could have fallen and because
of that threat of the government falling
the Liberal Party whipped or forced
their MPs to be in the House of Commons
all night to vote but the marathon vote
session also fell on I eat the Muslim
celebration held at the end of Ramadan
the Liberals resented being forced to
work when they admittedly said that they
prefer to be in their constituencies
partying with their Muslim constituents
no Liberals resentment then turned into
an online tantrum replete with whining
over the whining and accusations of
bigotry here is liberal MP mark Holland
who is not Muslim by any stretch he
tweeted unfortunate to represent a huge
Muslim population placing votes all
through I heed their most holy holiday
is hugely disrespectful it was an honor
to fast for the last 30 days and support
give 30 and it is deeply disappointing
to miss this important occasion guys
Holland's not Muslim
he just wants to party with them which
is fine I mean everybody likes to party
but you know sometimes work gets in the
way
here's Liberal MP rubia Jota tweeting
the bells for votes are ringing right
now as Andrew Shearer and the
conservative caucus force an all-night
session in the House of Commons with no
impact whatsoever on public policy would
they do this on Christmas Eve or Rosh
Hashanah sorry to be kept from my Muslim
constituents celebrating I eat again as
far as I know Ruby sahaja is not a
Muslim she just wants to party with them
and here is liberal MP and former
Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair he
tweeted I have several mosques in my
riding and a very large Muslim
population that I'm honored to serve
they have important I eat celebrations
scheduled for tomorrow that I'm always
honored to attend they are owed an
explanation for my absence bill is not a
Muslim but I'll give his constituents an
explanation bill won't show people the
impact of the carbon tax so that's why
he missed the party because Bill thinks
hiding information is more important
than going to those celebrations and
here's Liberal MP gegen seek and who is
Sikh and not Muslim tweeting I want
Andrew shares conservatives to explain
to my writing that I'm missing I eat
because they want to vote all night just
to waste time why doesn't see can't
explain to his constituents that he's a
member of a party of cloistered drone
bees who are swarming around to protect
the Queen who in this instance is Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau from scrutiny
about the cost of his carbon tax and
here is liberal MP Omar algebra who is
actually Muslim tweeting that having to
go to work is some sort of I don't know
hate crime algebra tweeted you don't
believe Islamophobia exists you
disrespect the importance of I eat you
will be voting all night against funding
to veterans RCMP and CAF members it's
clear who needs to apologize you see
what I'm talking about
here it's like a form letter of whining
and accusation of bigotry apropos of
nothing except having to go to work let
me be clear though I'm very much in
favor of religious accommodation if you
need to leave work to attend a religious
ceremony there's the door
have at it see you back here tomorrow
but at the very same time my religious
fast let's say for Lent in my case it's
not really my employer's concern or
their business despite what Mark Holland
thinks in the House of Commons you and I
we are the employers and they answer to
us now I don't think the Liberals feel
the same way about religious
accommodations that I do because they
whipped the vote meaning that everybody
had to be there to vote despite their
prior religious engagements and it was
the Liberals who scheduled the vote on I
eat anyways yeah that's right despite
the persistent whining and accusations
of bigotry it was actually the Liberals
who passed a motion at the end of May to
extend debate until at least midnight
Monday through Thursday until the end of
the spring session the Liberals did this
it was actually the Liberal House leader
bar - Hager who moved to end debate on
the motion so that it could be passed
the Liberals did this the Conservatives
don't set the schedule in the House of
Commons at all they can drag things out
but the Liberals had already scheduled
voting to go to at least midnight it was
the Liberals who were asking everybody
to miss their religious celebrations not
the Conservatives all the Conservatives
were doing this time was you know making
people work like actually show up to
work the Conservatives made a single
voting session a marathon because the
Liberals won't release their data on the
carbon tax the liberals were and are
still withholding the data on the carbon
tax which means to the Liberals the end
of Ramadan is less important than hiding
information from Canadians who deserve
to see it does that mean it's the
Liberals who are really not taking the
religious and cultural importance of
Ramadan seriously lay
Oumar algebra says the Liberal MPs who
were whining well they could have left
if they wanted to but then they can use
the accusations of intolerance to hide
their lack of transparency if they were
whipped to be in attendance that day
then they were chained to their desks
all night by the so called Islamic oves
in their own party but friends we really
learned something new here today doing
the job you were elected to do and
telling the truth to Canadian taxpayers
is some sort of new hate crime and I
think we've finally finally reached peak
liberalism for the rebel media I'm
Sheila Gunn read what you just saw there
is the daily video that I do here at the
rebel but did you know that I have my
own weekly full-length show it's aptly
called the gun show and we talk about
issues facing Canadian families but to
get access to my show and the rest of
our really incredible premium content
treat yourself to a rebel subscription
today
you
