police have launched the seventy-fifth
murder investigation this year in London
and surprise surprise it's in
multicultural Dagenham so there's a
story today from the Met Police and it's
a detectives begin murder investigation
following death of woman in Dagenham
this is the 75th murder investigation
that's happened in London every time I
see this I wonder how many more videos
on rebel am I gonna have to make talking
about this because it's just constantly
at this point it's constant and I feel
like I'm just bringing you the same old
story over and over again every week I'm
sat in front of this camera saying hey
guys somebody else has been killed and
guess what it was in London I'm getting
tired of doing it I'm getting tired of
doing it but it's got to be said when
we've got a report on this stuff and the
the Metropolitan Police are reporting
they say a murder investigation has been
launched following the death of a woman
in Dagenham police were caught by the
London Ambulance Service to a
residential address at Rutland Gardens
Dagenham at 13:37 hours on Saturday 9th
of June how the address a 50 year old
woman was found with a number of
injuries she was taken to Queens
hospital Romford where she never
regained consciousness and was sadly
pronounced dead next of kin are aware
and officers can now name the deceased
as 50 year-old katana who was originally
from Lithuania police arrested a 52 year
old man at the scene on suspicion of
attempted murder Monday that the June
Dmitry Platt off from Dagenham was
charged with attempted murder and
remanded in custody to appear at the Old
Bailey on Wednesday 13th of June worries
was further remanded to appear the same
court on Monday night you're right so a
50 year old woman appears to have died
as a result of potentially murder I mean
that's what it sounds like we're gonna
wait for the court case and etc etc but
it's a murder investigation that's going
on with the police and surprise surprise
it's happening in as I say a
multicultural success story part of
London and it's Barking and Dagenham is
as I've mentioned before it's where a
lot of the scooters are stolen from by
criminals which are then used in central
London to steal phones but a quick
search online shows
The Barking and Dagenham really is not a
safe place to live anymore
it's traditionally a very working class
in English community and now it's well
it's extremely diverse and it hasn't
worked it hasn't worked people people
are living in with real tensions there
people are living with real poverty
they're in there this is Margaret Hodges
neck of the woods Margaret Hodge labour
Member of Parliament and if you ever
watched the documentary the battle for
barking which is a documentary about how
she ran against Nick Griffin when he ran
to be MP of barking there was a scene
where she was on the phone and she was
talking about oh we've got this real
threat you know I need help I'm thinking
100 150 K yeah oh okay cool thanks bye
puts the phone down just good phone call
150 K boom sorted I mean it's incredible
the the the way these politicians talk
about their constituents as if they're
just these throwaway voters they're
meaningless you know they come round at
election time disappear for the rest of
the year don't do anything about the
issues that people care about and
continue to push this forced
multiculturalism propaganda and this
this narrative down their throats but no
honestly it's fine diversity is our
strength well you know there's nothing
wrong with having people there who
aren't white obviously but why is
diversity a strength why is it a
strength why is it not just I think why
is it not just there why does it have to
be a strength because all I see really
is not diversity I see segregated
communities I see segregated communities
where everyone's are angry at each other
because of a lack of jobs because too
many people are being put into one small
part of the country and what do you
think is gonna happen what do you think
is gonna happen they got stabbing each
other and just a few literally just
search for a few moments online and you
see The Barking and Dagenham really
isn't a great place to live and Margaret
Hodge should really be thinking about
that let's just take a look at a few of
the stories I've seen today
barking and dagenham post man in his 20s
stabbed in Dagenham this was 13th of
June
two days ago literally two days ago a
man in his twenties been stabbed
and again this evening the victim was
knifed in Russia I'm Avenue at 6:20 p.m.
thrust of the hospital where his
injuries have been deemed to be
non-life-threatening and non
life-changing thank God another one here
not so much a violent crime but
certainly not great jailed ghost brokers
who supplied fake car insurance to
Albanian drug dealers wonderful another
one barking and dagenham post calls for
barking police station to reopen after
eight-year-old robbed so not only is the
barking police station closed which is
all too common throughout London an 8
year old woman was mugged mugged and you
know what I kind of I'm half shocked but
I'm not that shocked now because I know
that there was a story recently have a
hundred year old woman a hundred year
old Polish woman on her way to church
was robbed and she fell over and died
nothing surprises me anymore in modern
Britain another one here mark barking
and dagenham post again machete found at
scene of suspected stabbing in Dagenham
police found a machete in a Dagenham
Street on Saturday well at the scene of
a suspected stabbing and another one
barking and dagenham post meeting call
after man 23 knife to death on barking
estate again that was only the 5th of
June all this has happened within a
period of weeks and that that Sami
that's barely scratching the surface
this is constant this is constant you
know with seventy-fifth murder
investigation ok how many individual
knifing cases do you think they've been
how many individual cases of people
being knives where they've survived and
been ok but they still got now how many
mugging cases do you think they've been
and why is it that they're constantly
happening in areas that are diverse and
you know these diverse areas what's
happening is too many people are being
shoved and too many people are being
imported too many people are being
crammed into these horrible concrete box
then the non-white people are told that
the white people hate them the white
people's begin to feel angry that these
people are there and there's a lack of
jobs and it's a terrible situation it's
a terrible situation and that's what
forced multiculturalism has done
state-sponsored multiculturalism has
pitted people against each other and
that's why they're going out stabbing
one another culture matters and
population matters
jobs matter the economy matters this is
all
a combination of terrible decisions made
by successive Tory laboratory labor Tory
flavor governments for years and years
and years and it's ended up with a
capital city in London that looks like
some kind of terror war zone from the
third world if you like that and want to
see more remember to like and subscribe
or download the rebel up from the Google
Play Store or the Apple App Store
you
