where I saw this way I always have
patreon my heart :
most importantly I'm most importantly
since what Aaron before context
that was an excerpt from two videos that
got 15 Syracuse University students
suspended for one to two years while
pretty nasty all the students words and
actions clearly fall under free speech
and free expression moreover it's not
like the students gained access to a
campus-wide email list and sent the
videos out for the world to see
no these videos were posted on the
private Facebook page of Syracuse is now
suspended Theta Tau frat so what was the
deal while Syracuse Chancellor Kent
syverud brought out all of the
pejoratives of racist sexist
anti-semitic etc but the fraternity said
each semester our new members are given
the opportunity to write and act out a
skit in order to roast the active
brothers this event was never intended
to be centered around racism or hate
this year one of these brothers is a
conservative Republican and the new
members roasted him by playing the part
of a racist conservative character it
was a satirical sketch of an uneducated
racist homophobic misogynist sexist
ablest and intolerant person and the
students weren't just defending
themselves ari cone a lawyer with the
foundation for individual rights and
education a free speech nonprofit said
labeling this obvious satire harassment
makes light of the actual cases of
serious harassment that colleges should
be looking to comeback and waste
resources that could be used to
investigate real offences yeah it's
almost like words matter and maybe it's
not a good idea to call people opposed
to Islamic terrorism racist or gasped at
the mention of illegal aliens and
instead try to push undocumented
citizens anyway I tried emailing
Syracuse's Media Relations Department
Monday but got no response when I
reached out Tuesday look at this error
message I got not a non-existent address
not a full inbox but not accepting
messages so I sent my inquiry through a
different email and lo and behold no
error message it would seem as though
Syracuse had specifically blocked my
Daily Caller news foundation email and
so I called him out on Twitter to the
school's credit one of their press
blacks Darryl LaBelle did write me on
Twitter after
that I also couldn't email her but she
was able to get me this statement the
videos contain language even if offered
under the guise of satire that is sexist
racist ablest anti-semitic and demeaning
to the LGBTQ community that the videos
were extremely offensive does not appear
an issue of debate moreover speech or
conduct can be harassing in nature based
on its effect on others even if that was
not the underlying purpose or intent but
one of Syracuse's own law professors
Gregory Germain doesn't agree the school
appointed him as an adviser to the
accused students but didn't let him
speak during the hearings he said the
university didn't explain how the videos
constituted harassment and that the
incident sends a strong message to
students that they are disposable if
they unintentionally embarrassed the
administration the Chancellor has put
the university on a course towards
censorship of the worst kind
undefined censorship that can be
punished after the fact
even though not foreseen anyone who
cares about our university should be
very worried about this result true dat
and how long before Syracuse starts
punishing all frat and sorority members
like Harvard does blocking them from
applying for Rhodes scholarships or
holding campus leadership positions
college presidents if you can hear me
from your ivory towers this is not an
instruction manual for campus unmasked
I'm Rob shim Shaw if you like this video
and support our mission please make sure
to comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
you
