all right we talked about this before
Democrats learned nothing from the last
election because they still believe that
Hollywood elites can bring people to the
polls and vote for Democrats the DNC and
Democrat legislators are looking to
extract some talent and team up with
Hollywood to help them win midterms and
2020 it's a group that emerged from
their comatose state following president
Trump's election so it's a group of
actors and writers and producers teaming
up with House Democrats and top elected
Democrats so stop me if you have heard
this Democrat scheme before it actually
don't stop man to finish my video but we
have heard this before it's just being
recycled all over again and again and
again and again Alex Gregory who is a
writer and producer and as part of this
group said this regarding upcoming
elections it really is focused on what
do we stand for in some ways how did we
lose it's a moment of soul-searching
right now in that we lost to an insane
person and that was more appealing than
what we had to offer an insane person
interesting terminology because we all
know what the definition of insanity is
right it's doing the same thing over and
over again and expecting a different
result
Democrats Hollywood you've tried this
before you told us to vote for Hillary
Clinton you told us if she didn't win we
eat that you were gonna leave we were
prepared for that we didn't care in fact
we actually wanted you to leave because
we witnessed the anti-american Bs
rhetoric that you guys have been spewing
on the screen every day for the last
decade and that's not what we're about
you live in Malibu along the PCH or in
Bruntlett or Hollywood Hills and your
multi-million dollar mansions raking in
eight finger paychecks how on earth do
you think that the American people
people in Wisconsin in Pennsylvania and
Alabama and the rest of America how do
you think that they're gonna relate to
you we have nothing in common with you
not only that we kind of despise you
what does it say about you and your
chosen candidate for the last election
that Americans related more to a New
York City real estate billionaire it
says that you have a problem with
messaging we still don't really know
what the Democrat message is going into
midterms all we know is that you hate
Trump and you will obstruct him every
step of the way no matter what even on
issues that you fully
supported when Barack Obama initiated
them there is no life or energy to your
party mafia snitches emerge from car
trunks looking like they have more life
than the Democrat Party and you're a
bunch of hypocrites and the more you
exploit these cushy Democrat Hollywood
relationships the more you're gonna lose
so I wish I could wholeheartedly tell
you to stop but I'm actually in favor of
it because it's going to lock up another
four years for President Trump and it's
going to keep the house under Republican
control and with all of the winning the
last year and a half I'm I'm an admitted
addict I am addicted to winning I don't
want it to stop thanks for watching
everybody I'm Amanda head for the rebel
if you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us here at the
rebels subscribe to our premium content
at www.osr.wa.gov.au/payrollenquiry
