hateful discriminator bigoted
small-minded cowardly greedy feckless
c-word
these are a few words used to describe
people who the elite Left disagree with
and interesting tactic for a collection
of people who espoused at nauseam we
said or did this awful thing to start a
dialogue I find it difficult to start a
dialogue with someone who opens up with
a few I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood now I'm sure many of you have
seen this speech by Robert DeNiro at the
Tony Awards where he walked out boldly
and proclaimed F Trump besides the fact
that it looks like me the celebrities
cannot devoid themselves from Twitter
dialogue and the real world with actual
people who they may affect I feel like
this is a very small insignificant
symptom of a much larger and more
dangerous problem here's my problem the
left's narrative of speaking your truth
to power we're good they're bad we
repressed their oppressors we're
courageous they're cowards and this
narrative enables this kind of disdain
and rhetoric first there is no your
truth there is truth and your opinion
but also this comes on the heels of many
other self grand izing and bombastic
statements from other elites again not
by Twitter trolls but a people of the
highest echelon put there by our support
and admiration like mmm drawing his line
in the sand and saying to the people on
the other side fu or Ellen Pompeo the
highest paid actress on TV telling all
her fans that support a Trump go F
yourselves first I would say if you need
to invoke slander or shut down someone
else's point of view it's pretty clear
evidence that you had no way of being
intellectually honest to win on merit
debate or discussion clearly seen by
either political sides greatest hit
compilations on YouTube on one side you
may see ben shapiro jordan Peterson and
others using different facts and reason
to argue the different points against
the other person and on the political
left you may see highlight videos from
The Young Turks and anak aspirin yelling
I'm better than you fu or Michael Eric
Dyson condemning a man calling him a
mean mad white man and if you are truly
good and those people are truly bad why
would you have to keep saying it in a
discussion Y and responding to an
argument or issue would you have to say
this person is bad is a races is a
misogynist before actually disproving
their point if you're good and that
person is bad it should be pretty
objectively obvious to the audience
right next what does it mean to be
oppressed to these people to be
literally the most privileged group of
people the United States not only to be
wealthy beyond measure but to be icons
in the social sphere as well to be an
award shows put on by yourselves for
yourselves and signal to the world how
unbelievably virtuous and awesome you
are and every ridiculous condescending
statement being rewarded with thunderous
applause or maybe being oppressed means
to not be able to say what you think or
being forced into a prison of opinion
for fear of losing favor in your career
finally the notion of we are courageous
and they are cowards tell me what did
happen to DeNiro Eminem and Pompeyo De
Niro was received with thunderous
applause and other than the fans that
Eminem specifically crossed out in the
line in front of him he was received
with praise by the media and award shows
alike Ellen Pompeo the highest-paid
person on TV
patriarchy much was rewarded with
another contract tell me is that courage
saying what everyone in your sphere of
influence wants to hear or is it more
dangerous to not beat down people in a
profanity ridden tirade but simply say
I'm gonna give Trump a chance like Dave
Chappelle who was berated and forced to
apologize after he gave his monologue
that was prepared and written out on SNL
and this is just one of your country to
do well let's put aside if you openly
say you're pro-life or want more
religious freedoms for people our
discourse is degenerating those who are
held on a pedestal not random ghosts
Twitter trolls I'm talking about people
of prominence in our society who or
spokespeople for these issues or
examples of how we should think and
behave when their dialog devolve into
tirades and scorn laced profanity it
projects a caricature to cover these
common people who these elites have now
described in this horrible way who their
fans may actually be friends with or
they may bump into on a daily basis and
tell me this when this is perpetuated
constantly in the way people talk and
treat one another how does this start a
dialogue solution just keeps speaking
truth to power in a civil manner and let
the chips fall where they may
I think those arguments will win I'm Ben
Davies this is pure Hollywood
did you enjoy that video of course you
enjoyed that video so now you need to
become a premium member to the rebel
that way you have first access to pure
Hollywood and the entire rebel lineup
you
