hey there this is battleground and I'm
John Cardillo sitting in for Ezreal
LaVon now if you don't know the rules of
battleground it's really simple and it's
a lot of fun we can talk about any topic
you want I'm gonna start today with
Trump and Kim's North Korea summit but
we can really discuss anything you'd
like to discuss all you got to do is
send me a message I'm reading your
messages in real time and we will get
right into it and remember there's a
donate button if you donate if you
donate your message is gonna pop it's
gonna stand out to me it's gonna go to
the top of the line topic you want to
talk about is going to be the topic we
talk about power or 2:08 for one yes you
are first and Georgio
you are second adam is 3rd and julius is
4th let's see who comes in the top five
we're still waiting on you guys alright
so I am personally the left and the
right Allen made it into the top five so
we've got power of George you Adam
Julius and Allen all in the top five now
personally big fan of what happened in
North Korea well in Singapore with
regards to this North Korea's summit and
I'm a big fan for a lot of reasons now
nobody here is deluded nobody here is
the we're gonna talk quite a bit about
Tommy Robinson and we will talk about
the Anthony Bourdain and hates paid
suicides a bit Ezra's out today I'm
sitting in for him but in North Korea
I'm a big fan I'll tell you why
look the agreement right now is vanilla
we don't know what's gonna happen but
the intelligence value of getting kim
jeong-hoon out of north korea was
tremendous because you can bet your
bottom dollar our military our
intelligence community the CIA the NSA
they had people in the crowd they had
people embedded with the Trump campaign
watching everything Kim did his advisors
did his security people did that alone
if nothing comes from this agreement
that alone was worth it let's talk about
what I think a Tommy Robinson's arrest I
think it is reprehensible I think it is
disgraceful and it's something that
would never happen here in the United
States and I'm gonna do all I can gonna
use my voice as loudly as possible
to make sure this story stays top of
mind Tommy did a great job profiling
these Muslim rape gangs Tommy by
everything I'm looking at as a former
law enforcement guy now I was long for
in the u.s. not in the UK but I read the
statute
I read the conditions of his prior issue
with the court it appears that he
adhered to everything he was supposed to
adhere to and this was political
retribution you know me if you follow my
brand I don't use the words politically
persecuted lightly or easily but yes I
feel Tommy Robinson is being politically
persecuted we will yes l√∫cia libertarian
Trudeau's fake I let well eyebrows do
need to be addressed a lot of things
about Justin Trudeau need to be
addressed but those eyebrows were were
something else and Garth
that's exactly right it was huge that
Kim in his inner circle were so
available publicly on my other show here
on the rebel off-the-cuff Declassified
which Allah heir later today I spoke
with former CIA station chief Scott
you'll endure a good friend he's a
frequent guest and we went very deep
into why it was so such a win and we get
nothing out of the summit why it was
such a win just to get Kim out of North
Korea so our intelligence people could
be able to see how he and his team
operate that alone that alone was well
worth it we got so much out of that
alone so much out of that alone now the
people are asking what I think about the
islamification of the UK and EU I think
it's horrible I think it's horrible
we're seeing it manifest here in the
United States we're seeing candidates in
Minnesota for US Congress who Minnesota
is a little Mogadishu the Minneapolis
st. Paul area
heavy heavy Somalian population on
al-shabaab if you don't know al-shabaab
violent tour group affiliated with al
Qaeda a lot of Al Shabaab sympathetic
Somalians there he's openly hostile
towards Israel towards Jewish people
this woman is running for US Congress
and we're seeing that unfortunately here
in the United States somebody asked me
the mastery gaming do you think the US
should try and implement restrictions
against the UK for their agenda that
hates free speech no the people of the
UK have to rise up and rebel the United
States can't impose sanctions because
the UK's Constitution looks a little bit
different than ours on the UK's handling
of
free speech issues is different than
ours sanctions and restrictions are a
bit much because in a broader sense the
UK is a good ally they are entitled as a
sovereign nation to set their own laws
and rules it's really up to the people
of the UK to vote out those who do
things like jail journalists for
reporting on gangs of Muslim pedophiles
who rape little kids I think that's up
to the people of the usage how can city
const a mayor of london while he was
clearly supporting Islamic extremists
asked Julius
mon-star again ask the people of London
I often ask myself as a New Yorker trans
Planet to South Florida how does Bill de
Blasio bay mayor of New York when he
clearly hates the police law and order
and the residents of that city they keep
electing the guy I don't know I don't
know who knows mr. dressup fetish needs
to be addressed I try to pay as little
attention as possible to Justin Trudeau
unfortunately the g7 summit has him in
my face 24/7 I saw him wearing the
Indian garb and and doing that silly
dance etc it was really really somebody
said illion we love your work thank you
very much I love you guys you guys are
great that's why I do this
the audience response is what makes the
show if you know Terry says you're an
Islamic extremist using an American name
go home you're not welcome in the US
look look I've uh I've dealt with people
that are Muslim okay and some people are
moderate Muslims to me aren't really
Muslims right I have friends who are in
the military who are Muslim they thought
very very courageously for this nation
very very patriotic people they're
disgusted with the extremists but by the
same token they're also not the most
adherent Muslims if you recall an NYPD
sergeant who was Muslim essentially got
a bomb out of out of a densely populated
area of New York City he saved many many
lives so I don't want to say that if
you're Muslim you were born here and you
have it because we haven't had a plenty
of people of the Muslim faith that have
done great things for the United States
it's the extremists I don't I don't
trust extremists I don't trust every
business Hemme radevich says every
business that goes progressive loses
tons of money why do they keep trying
isn't it self destroying it's a great
question and here's what I think
it's because these businesses don't know
any better they go to their advertising
agencies their corporate communications
firms a crisis firms that are
institutionally left people who go into
the creative arts the advertising arts
the graphic arts media and broadcast
arts right I'm people like us here at
the rebel we're a rarity in this world
being conservative okay but I think that
when they go to these people
those those companies those firms are so
institutionally left that they advise
them to default on the side and what
appears to be political correctness but
really offends half of their consumer
base which is really really stupid
sometimes it's better to do nothing what
do I think the best way is to get Hamas
out of Gaza lots of bullets
lots of rockets and lots of air strike
the only way to stop terror is to kill
every last terrorist it really is that
simple you have to be more brutal than
the brutal terrorists and and
unfortunately that's the answer that's
the only only answer
we let's see what else we've got here
too bad too few moderate Muslims are out
there to fix Islam well that's true but
I'll tell you this when you think about
the sheer numbers I don't know if it
matter I don't know if it it matter
there's conservatively and that was from
Julius again 1.7 billion Muslims
worldwide let's be over conservative
here okay super super conservative if
only a half percent were radical enough
to either support terror or weaponize
that it'd still be around oh I don't
know eight and a half million Muslims
the standing united states military
including all law enforcement if you
combine law enforcement in the military
in the united states only about three
million so even if half percent of the
world's Islamic community was
radicalized they would still number
about three times that of every US
service person and law enforcement
officer it's a very very scary prospect
a very very scary prospect what do I
think about Rachel Maddow s Charles
Clinton er I try not to I don't
I think Matt look I think Maddow was
unhinged I think not out is terribly
terribly wrong on every one of her
points but you got a hand it to her
she's successful because she plays to
her audience Rachel Maddow knows exactly
exactly
exactly her audiences and she plays to
them beautifully beautifully he plays to
them beautifully
and so uh that's what I think look I
think that's the case with many in the
liberal media remember the vote in the
United States was split yet 60 some-odd
million people voting for Donald Trump
67 million people voting for Hillary
Clinton there's a tremendous tremendous
audience Charles I'm gonna get to the
Inspector General report in a moment
tell you what I think about that but
there is a tremendous audience on both
sides one of the highest viewership
sever on cable news maybe the highest
happened outside of debates Fox News saw
about 26 million viewers for the
presidential debates but Sean Hannity
show the night of the Trump Kim's summit
when he got the first interview with
Trump all five point five ish million
viewers or something in that name for
five point two five point three five
point five that's really really high
okay but remember sixty three million
people voted for Trump
meaning that fifty you know eight
million people didn't watch Hannity that
night
so two for CNN and Rachel Maddow there's
a tremendous tremendous audience but
while I disagree with everything on
Maddow where CNN says I understand from
a monetary perspective why they do it
now their viewership is declining
madhouse is doing okay CNN's is
declining because not out at least
presents herself as hard news CNN
presents itself as Maddow doesn't
present herself I mean it's hard news
she presents herself as an opinion
commentator a far left opinion
commentator CNN presents itself as hard
news and and I think that's where CNN
falls down let's see uh 1.3 billion
Muslims are pastor Phil I think it's
closer to 1.7 um
billion 1.7 billion Muslims yeah so
somebody asked me about the IG report
Charles asked me about the IG report I
don't have high hopes for my sources in
DC and what I've seen what I've analyzed
seemed to indicate that Jeff Sessions US
Attorney General Jeff Sessions and rod
Rosenstein want this all to go away I
think they want this all to go away very
very quietly I predict the IG report is
gonna be disappointing him any
conservatives I think it's gonna be a
lot of James Comey was wrong he should
have been fired Andrew McCabe is a bad
guy we might see him charged everybody
else probably gets a walk a few dings
for Peter stroke and Lisa Paige those
texting lovers having an affair but I'm
more concerned with other things I'm
more concerned with the fact that Deputy
Attorney General Rod Rosenstein won't
allow special 18 GOP Enka the other
agent alongside Peter strop to interview
general Flynn who testify to the Senate
Judiciary Committee I'm very concerned
that the DOJ Department of Justice under
Rod Rosenstein Direction is refusing to
submit relevant documents through the
House of Representatives Intelligence
Committee and so I don't have a lot of
faith in the Department of Justice right
now I don't have a lot of faith in the
Department of Justice what do I think of
Colbert living the 274 dairy tariff
sentence out of his daily rant when
quoting a trump tweet I think it was
typical Stephen Colbert I think it's
typical typical left
they love to frame and that was from
Lauren southern they love to frame the
narrative to suit their agenda we have
many
on our street alone guns Americans are
and will not be intimidated by Islamists
well you should own a gun you shouldn't
be intimidated by anybody
well McCabe flip on Comey Charles asks I
think they're both gonna flip on each
other we're starting to see it happen
the cave is claiming that Comey approved
him to speak to the media
call me saying he didn't though that
battles already beginning I think we're
gonna see that one play out for a little
while do I believe
Julius asked me do I believe at the
talks in Singapore break down it would
finally start the conflict in the Korean
Peninsula if so are you optimistic or
the opposite no I think it would remain
status quo we'll be back to a lot of
sabre-rattling but I think a part of Kim
really really wants to be westernized do
I think that Kim jong-un is going to do
the things he promises and stick to it
no I think the guy is an erratic
homicidal actor who I think he's afraid
that Donald Trump will call him to task
if he doesn't yes and so if we get 50 60
percent compliance out of Kim we're
doing okay we're doing pretty good at
that point I'm from London and lived
there how what can me and my fellow
Britain do how bad do you think it could
turn out but this plague of invasion
spread mr. drew hunter as he got a vote
you got to get involved and get out the
vote efforts drove we have it here in
the u.s. that's how we took back the
White House
because Hillary Clinton was really the
heir apparent everybody thought Hillary
Clinton was going to be the next
president of the United States the media
was weaponized for upholsterers of
weaponized for her we now know the DOJ
and the FBI and the CIA under John
Brennan were weaponizing on her behalf
the people the people made the
difference the American electorate and
it wasn't the big-money PACs it wasn't
the big money committees it was the
grass roots the grass roots you and me
and everybody else who got out there and
voted do I think Trudeau should have
stayed quiet when Trump left the g7
Andrew bersama asks berseker who asked
absolutely I think it's I think it is it
is beneath any leader who backstab
someone when they leave a room Berto
could have said all those things to
Trump's face he could have Paul Trump
and then released statements of the call
but to do what he did I thought was very
cowardly and very weak but I don't
expect my gels from lists be Dustin
Trudeau
girls I already spoke about Tommy
Robinson I think what happened at Tommy
was disgraceful and I'm gonna do all we
can to help him out and I think whenever
whenever a free press and free speech is
suppressed it is tragic I think when it
is suppressed because it appears the
state the government is trying to
protect the identities of pedophile
rapists from these Muslim rape gangs it
becomes reprehensible reprehensible
because you're putting now political
correctness before before public safety
the public safety of little kids no
excuse for it
it's disgusting absolutely disgusting
pepper says Trudeau is a diplomatic bull
in a china shop he shouldn't open his
mouth period I would say he's kind of a
dopey little calf more than he is a ball
but point made what if we get silenced
for Todd like Tommy Robinson per our
views you got to keep fighting you got
to keep fighting remember the United
States exists because we kept fighting
against British oppression and so
looking at it from my perspective it's
the only way we fought against the
Democrats here we fought against the IRS
targeting conservatives we fought
against their Fairness Doctrine and
we're winning we're winning
and Terry godori says at this point talk
will not work you need to form mobs like
they do the left show up at prayer
meetings on the streets the answer is to
demand and large groups it's true it's
true protest works I'm not saying go out
there and be violent and do silly things
but you know there is strength in
numbers and and when the politicians say
that voting block
at voting blocs are against what they're
doing they tend to change their own what
do I think about Julian Assange I'm torn
on Julian Assange I don't know if Julian
Assange is a friend of the US I know
many people on the far right be all
right think he's this folk hero I'm not
so sure I don't know where his agenda
lies I don't think he should be pardoned
no I think he'll be freed anytime soon I
really don't know because he's made many
enemies around the world he's made many
friends around the world I'm still torn
on the guy I don't have an opinion I
think he's done some good things I think
he's done some very bad things you uh
you Eugene says I have a friend that is
the reserves they say they are leaving
trains to run internment camps and not
being told no that is a ridiculously
insane conspiracy theory these things
have been going around there are no FEMA
internment camps if your friend is in
the reserves and telling you that they
are lying to you they this has been
going on for years the same dumb photos
circulate on the internet they turn out
to be deliveries of trucks from 15 years
ago don't buy into this conspiracy
theory nonsense nothing like that
nothing like that is happening nothing
uh Who am i sleeping with to get my
stories what do you you liked it
wouldn't you like to know that's a great
question
turbo Jones actually pretty pretty funny
sadly nobody I have to do all of this
work on my own cuz I don't work for the
New York Times I actually have to do the
research
brunk was making deals while Trudeau was
still swimming in cast well I'm not
gonna repeat that but I get the point
okay
whenever free speech and discussion is
surprised this tragic well it's true
does this apply to when people who tried
to research the truth about the
so-called Holocaust Frank Lucas writes
that Frank you are a moron if you're a
holocaust denier
yes a moron anybody who believes in
Holocaust denial conspiracy and Zionist
dominance and all of these other moronic
moronic conspiracy theories really I
have nothing to say and we'd probably be
better off if you guys just didn't and
that's just does that kind of stuff is
just really done really really dumb
after watching the UN speech that Trump
gave I stood with joy he seems to fight
against the globalist do you think this
is true absolutely look remember
something remember with the agenda of
the globalists rouille is right the
reason that the globalist and that means
Democrats on the Left progressive that
means eyes like John McCain and the
icons on the right why they really
really hate Trump and if I can impart
one bit of wisdom to you today why they
really hate Trump is that there is
nothing more than globalists 8 then
prosperity and security think about why
because if a nation and its people are
prosperous and the world is safe you
don't need government feed you clothe
you to house you or to protect you your
individual liberties become more
important government becomes smaller
poorer and less powerful the people and
their individual liberties become
greater richer and more powerful and big
government can't have that can they so
they like to keep their wars going and
they like to keep the nations poorer so
that government is needed and government
can control you and that's why they
despise Trump so yes I do believe that
Trump is destroying globalism and that's
why they're so hysterical and Lauren yes
I read it I read it so ha ha joke's on
me let's see what else we've got
Trump is beholding a no on yeah I tend
to believe that Andrew
true stories are always the best more
journalists should try it Marion bran
brew hime Marion couldn't agree more
couldn't be more
good
so do you think the start of this was
9/11 you think the start of all there's
9/11 was Russia money no I think 9/11
was the byproduct of al-qaeda and
radical Muslims hating us remember they
attacked New York City the finance
capital of the world they attacked the
World Trade Center whom which had more
financial firms and at that time than
any other building in New York City
finance capital of the world this was
designed to cripple the financial
markets and and and they really want the
world to live in the Stone Age the
radical Muslims like they live this was
all designed to strike at the very
literal heart of capitalism the literal
heart of capitalism hmm let's see
yep Tammi hammies here sorry I'm late
was expecting a noon start time Tammy
had to move the show a little earlier
I'm down here in South Florida it's why
we started early guys terrible terrible
weather lately and they've got to cut a
bunch of trees back that have fallen and
overgrown so we had the store earlier
because where I am all the web is going
down for a few hours starting it right
around 12:30 so I wanted to make sure we
got a full showing for you guys even
started a little bit early sorry about
that we're gonna be at the regular time
12 p.m. going forward with Ezra and
whenever I sit in for they was is that
rare incident where we had to start a
bit early
Eugene Johnston asks do I feel there
will be any justice brought to the
Clinton and Podesta's well the supposed
damning evidence on Weiner laptop be
released okay no no I don't and let's uh
correct some fake stories on that laptop
I know there was a website out there
true pundit that wrote the story about
the NYPD and the FBI in a war because of
covering for pedophiles that's not true
there was damning evidence on weiners
laptop the FBI and NYPD worked together
you gotta understand the NYPD was in
possession of the laptop when NYPD
Computer Crimes follow this evidence
they knew that they had to give it to
the FBI but there's a premise called
chain of custody so the NYPD and the FBI
together went to a federal judge
explained the situation and asked the
federal judge to order the NYPD to give
the laptop to the FBI that way the chain
of custody wouldn't be tainted which
they did that website made up a bunch of
conspiracy theories it was stupid and I
really really was upset that people
listened I have friends who work in that
unit NYPD they thought it was so
ridiculous they were really really
disturbed by that story now the the
problem in all that is after the wetly
the laptop was turned over to the FBI
Andrew McCabe waited six weeks to notify
anybody if you want to look at the real
problem surrounding weiners laptop
that's it Andrew McCabe I often say on
my show it always it always comes back
to Andrew McCabe always comes back
the Andrew McCabe Richard says John I do
quite enjoy your shows maybe you should
be running for office Sir Richard thank
you I would now I don't want to run for
like I often work with politicians I
consult with them on their messaging
it's just not something I'm interested
in I really enjoy doing what I do being
able to be a voice if I were in office
if I ran for office I wouldn't be able
to be as vocal as but thank you very
very much for the compliment Frank is
saying who said I was a Holocaust denier
I just wanted to know if you thought it
was as tragic when discussion is shut
down surrounding Jewish power and our
founding myths about world war two no
because I don't want people to listen to
dumb conspiracy theories so I think when
we censor those out of comments on this
show or we censor these things out of
blogs or websites or news that's good
editorial direction
that's good editing there is no room for
dumb baseless useless fake news and
that's my answer
American paid the more you hide the in
to fight the Russians aka the Taliban
that funded that war yeah you know times
change here we did sure we did
times change then they attacked us we
went and killed them that's the nature
of warfare your enemy today is your
friend tomorrow and vice
do I think the Swedish approach to the
Islamic migrant population at this Court
is a joke no I think it's a tragedy I
think the tragedy for the Swedish people
it is uh what would Sweden the risk
freedom is putting their young women
especially uh in is is absolutely tragic
and irresponsible Andrew asks do I think
the swamp will protect McCabe now he
might be the one guy they throw under
the bus quite honestly to protect
everybody else because there's a pretty
overwhelming evidence against McCabe
it's cut and dry the OIG and Congress
both criminally referred into DOJ I
think he becomes the sacred the
sacrificial lamb Andrew McCabe so that
everybody else can walk
how about executive order to return the
14th amendment to its original intent no
birthright citizenship intended for
children of slaves only is caused a lot
of debate on that one at supreme court
and I think we need to leave our bill of
rights exactly the way it is it's been
working very very well for us
lauren southern says she they believe in
absolute free speech stupid ideas should
be out in the open where they can be
challenged not if they're legitimized
ghupat ideas are much different in fake
news a stupid idea is let's build a
sailboat on top of the Empire State
Building and we could have engineers on
a website explain why that's a really
bad idea that could kill thousands of
people denying the Holocaust is fake
news that really doesn't have a place in
the discourse thing that 9/11 was an
inside job by the Bush administration is
fake news thing Sandy Hook tragedy the
shooting was was an inside job and a
false flag is fake news and disgraceful
to the families so no I disagree I think
stupid idea is great let's debate them
they're fun let's debate stupid ideas
all day like putting a ski-jump ramp off
a cruise ship while the ship is doing 30
knots and people are falling into the
ocean that's a dumb idea let's debate
that but fake news horrible ideas that
disrespect victims and in revised
history with falsehoods no I don't
believe they should be out in the open I
don't I don't think it's a free speech
issue I think that's an editorial
decision issue and a good one that's
what I believe
any thoughts on the Federal Reserve
meeting today and I'm so torn on the Fed
I'm not a fan of the Fed but we need we
the money to go somewhere so I'd like to
see I'd like to see proposals to replace
the Fed I think it's too arbitrary but
the short answer is no no no no have I
seen the recent rash of destruction of
veterans memorials Tom know Nia asks
what do I think the cause is I think the
cause is the progressive far left that
hates America
I think the causes groups like Ann keifa
I think the cause are people like Barack
Obama quite frankly and Nancy Pelosi and
keith Ellison and Tom Perez and those
who run the Democratic National
Committee the Democratic Party is
complete unpatriotic at this point
who would I leak to turbo turbo Jones
asks harris faulkner or erin burnett
probably catherine herridge I like her
reporting much better on intelligence
and national security issue have to go
with Catherine her
I would I would do that oh I know how
you're asking me now I'm not gonna
answer that questions I work in media I
know a lot haha I see where you're going
no I think there will ever be high level
arrests like Hillary Clinton ally Clark
at nope
I do not I do not the SAS was sorted to
fire on people if they breach Downing
Street gates in the Tommy Robinson
haven't seen any confirmation on that
have not seen any confirmation on
hello John fellow New York from a fellow
New York from a story in Sweden well I
grew up in Queens myself entry required
I'm a Queens guy also man so how are you
I'm hoping you're a guy not a woman who
are how are you and hope Sweden is
treating you well let's see Vietnam was
a war to fight communism that's why
Vietnam we made a lot of mistakes there
as well
you're not gonna see me defend Vietnam
or much it's not going to see me do
Jane Douglas asks what do I think of
Sadiq Khan destroying London I think
Sadiq Khan is the Bill DeBlasio of
England
I don't think far left politicians in do
an effective job anywhere look at
Baltimore Baltimore here in the US
decades of Institutional Democrat for
left rule in governance in Baltimore
Baltimore has the same amount of murders
as New York City with a population
fifteen times less there go
Baltimore's murder rate is 15 times out
of New York so I kind of see a guy like
Sadiq Khan in the same light
ah
why people iliyan says people thing the
u.s. is making frogs gay and spraying us
with hormones I have not heard about
this epidemic of gay frogs but I'm
definitely gonna look into that I'm not
so sure that's true though everyone from
the left should be locked in the same
town as Muslims for a year and see how
progressive they are after that
I think a theoretical solution like that
theoretically makes a lot of sense but
in reality it's the u.s. we don't lock
people up for having bad ideas or silly
positions London has fallen I tend to
agree I tend to agree you know it's
interesting though my friends over in
the UK all tell me much like we asked
people not to think Baltimore Chicago
Detroit a representative the United
States they say please don't think
London is representative of the UK so
I'm gonna respect what they tell me
because I trust you
I trust these people very much
Frank Lucas is on his censorship tip
listen I don't want it to be illegal for
people to spew fake news but I am NOT
going to sit here and say we shouldn't
edit out fake news that's the
considerate significant difference
though do I think with UK it
criminalizes is right no I don't I don't
see criminalized in the US but I but I
don't think it has any place in the
discourse it's a waste of time
Elian rape said says he wants to see the
London Mayor renamed to Sadiq Kant good
1:10 to agree there won't be any freedom
of speech in the US until Tommy Robinson
is released pepper five two four three
five oh well I don't even think that's
gonna do it I think Tommy should be
released that's the right thing I don't
think that's gonna revolutionize the
concept of free speech and non political
correctness in the UK Israelis are said
to be helping train white farmers in
South Africa to defend themselves I hope
that former special operators and
current special operative small
countries are helping those white
farmers defend themselves I really
really do Julius is at telling me I that
did I miss two of their questions got a
lot to get to Julius but repost them
I'll see if I can get to him for you
Lauren Oh John gay frogs are a running
Alex Jones joke yeah I don't I don't
really watch Alex Jones ever since he
was a 9/11 conspiracy theorist and a
Sandy Hook conspiracy theorist I don't I
know a lot of people on the right like
him I don't give Alex Jones the time of
day I just don't do it sorry and I get
it I get he's got a big audience his
site has done some good things but he
lost me with those two ridiculous lines
yes yes hormones in the water awesome
awesome
Oh Bronx Science grad who of my closest
friends that I'm still in touch with and
he required his Bronx Science cred
through my really close friends went to
Bronx science guys I grew up with guys I
still talk to all the time great school
actually you must be kind of smart you
must be kind of smart somebody asked me
but think Canada is gonna suffer
economically no I don't because I think
this is a lot of sabre-rattling between
Trump and Trudeau at the end of the day
Canada in the u.s. are very good friends
we get along very well we have a very
strong NORAD partnership North American
Air Defense Command and I think that we
we need keep that alliance as rock-solid
as it is Canada is probably our closest
ally on the planet
Trudeau this Trudeau thing as a
temporary hiccup and Canada is far more
important to us than this this momentary
speed bump
then lover and 19 Arabs did not do 9/11
no nineteen radical Muslims did but I
agree with you that it was many more
than nineteen we know that a lot of
planning went into it behind the scene
but if you're gonna start throwing out
moronic conspiracy theories that it was
the Bush administration or Israelis babe
um I don't entertain them
let's see what else we've got oh I like
this one
turbo Jones is the bathing suit contest
demeaning or inaccurate feminine quality
he's talking about the beauty pageants I
think it's Miss Universe or Miss America
one of them doing away with the swimsuit
competition
I think that is the end of the pageant
let's face it I don't watch pageants
right I'm a guy but people watch
pageants for the glamour of it and
nobody want what are we gonna do have a
bunch of Hillary Clinton's and pantsuits
running around taking IQ tests not why
people watch pageants all right let's
get it together here yeah you know what
I mean it's just it is what it is
Envy Jeanette says tariffs equal taxes
yep they certainly do let's see America
should give Tommy his own TV show while
Tommy is over in the UK but but Tommy's
a talented guy I'm sure he's going to
land on his feet
a guy that runs the light show at the
Hayden Planetarium is also a Bronx
Science alum Oh Neil deGrasse Tyson he's
also a far leftist Mart guy but a far
leftist Julia says I am a millennial but
I was born in Inuit so I'm conservative
I greatly opposed liberal Millennials
how do we change their views that we
know the true they know the truth really
is outstanding outstanding question and
it may be one of the most important
questions one of the top three on my
radar furiously because that's gonna be
the most important voting block yours
for decades to come
and I think we really really need we
really really need to do better cultural
media with media but content the right
needs to be as cool as the left that's
how we do it
great question okay Mohammed was a
pedophile and Mohammed thanks for the
donation do you think there's a
correlation between Mohammed marrying
Aisha had six consummated the marriage
at nine and Muslim grooming gang seeking
out underage girls yes yes I think if
you're severely adherent to the Quran I
also think that's why in Afghanistan we
have the phenomenon with the tea boys
where Muslim men rape little boys
ab-absolutely yes I think if you're so
adherent to a doctrine that you would
kill for that doctrine well then the
doctrine says it's okay to have sex with
little kids so that is one of the
reasons I really have a big problem with
it
john zealand asks john do you think
trump would go after the auto industry
if push came to shove I think you mean
the German auto industry tariffs on
Mercedes and BMW yeah I do I do I do to
I think it would matter now but do I
think he would do that to make a point I
do do I think it would ever be put into
place come to fruition no because I
think Germany then would get too much
pressure from big companies like
Mercedes and BMW remember and all the
companies there that make the components
build Mercedes and BMWs it would get too
much blowback the government would and
they would things would solve itself
let's see let's see what else we got
here am i aware that after the boomers
boomers die off the white population
Falls around 44 percent America don't
think that's true I was looking at the
numbers and that's not entirely true
it's gonna still hover around 55 60
percent with the latest census data I've
seen hmm peppers been been by every
liberal media outlet out there and is
flattered flattered and I don't blame
you I unfortunately can't go as far as
we banned
living at allergies - I'm Robin mom okay
since tensions are getting more hellish
Julius asked do I think at this point it
will fix the Islamic troubles in the EU
no because I think you still have very
liberal governing governance over
a turbo says fun show thanks well turbo
thank you for the donation I appreciate
it yeah there's a lot of fun I love
doing live content interactive content
like this I think personally to me it is
the best format in media I love doing
radio I come out of radio I love doing
for this reason
9/11 didn't just come out of nowhere the
military is running special ops against
radicals in the 80s and it was the first
attack on the World Trade Center in 1993
has nothing to do with please don't buy
into these conspiracy theory I'm please
please please I investigated I was I was
on the scene up I don't beste gate I was
a young cop on the scene of the first
World Trade Center bombing in 93 it was
the blind Sheik Abdel Rahman that's who
was behind that it was not a US
government conspiracy that's who was
behind it
that's it was behind it
I'm calling Alex Jones and Infowars fake
news I am not woke my portion of rebel
is off my list not calling them fake
news think that Alex Jones did a
disgraceful thing the nine-nine 11 where
I had friends killed and the Sandy Hook
massacre where little kids were killed I
know troopers that went into that
building it was not a was not a a fake
event there were not crisis actors
little kids died and quite frankly I
think it was reprehensible of Alex Jones
yes some very good people working for
him over there at Infowars but I
personally don't watch Alex Jones than
if you then won't watch other people
because they disagree you're no better
than the left
that's ship
so I'm a 15 year old girl and I'm a
conservative do I have any advice on how
I can make sure I'm getting all of the
information I want while I'm managing
work and homework during the school year
yeah stay informed Rachel they informed
there are great organizations out there
here in the US like Turning Point USA
that are there they're growing on
college campuses they have great
resources that you've got Young
Republicans you've got College
Republicans you've got many many great
conservative resources for students
you're 15 you're gonna be in college in
a couple of years I encourage you to
check all of these organizations out
they are top-notch I really have had a
very very solid experience working with
all them let's see what else we've got
okay okay do I think the idea of you let
me protect and preserve my culture and I
did the same to you as a great idea well
bilious it depends if their culture is
destroying ours
esra show is more content and less time
for comments but John makes but John
answer so many comments that it makes it
a really fun show
well thanks Lauren you know what
everybody's got a different style as
Reza for a house of knowledge I like
engaging with you guys because you can
always catch my other show here on the
rebel off the cuff Declassified where
it's all content it's recorded so it's
not interactive but when I get a chance
to run this interactive format with you
guys I really really love it John I've
heard you on the radio which radio
programs on and in my see I was on in
South Florida I was on in South Florida
oh primp 0:08 asks any recent news on
the Scott Israel situation of course
they mean Broward County Sheriff who
handle the parkland shooting abysmal yes
what I'm hearing from my sources up in
Tallahassee Florida state capitol is
that the governor does want to remove
Scott Israel they're waiting for the
final report from the Florida Department
of Law Enforcement which is said to be
damning to Israel is also another
commission convened by many many
sheriffs
run by the sheriff of Pinellas County
Florida up near Tampa they're also I'm
being told coming down with a finding
that's against God Israel at that point
the process will be the governor will
suspend him the state Senate will come
back into a special session and impeach
and vote to formally remove him and
that's the most recent news and the
sources that gave that to me well
they're there they're in the know
they're in the know and it's becoming
pretty common knowledge you even got
state senators here in Florida expecting
to have to go back there they're in
recess right now expecting to have to go
back to Tallahassee for that special
session if you remove impeach remove
Scott Israel from office and so I I
think that that you can I feel pretty
comfortable reporting that to
I feel pretty did you hang Anglo Merkel
for crimes against humanity now I think
you just should vote her out Tammy says
they they hope the governor removes
Scott Israel
yeah well bit well he will the
government the process like I said the
governor can suspend but it's the state
of the state Senate has to do the formal
firing the formal removal of Israel
which I'm told by state senators they
are preparing to do they like I said I
can't I can't I won't give you their
names but I can tell you state senators
have told me here in Florida that I know
very well they fully are prepared to be
called for a special session to remove
Israel in the next few months Ally Clark
Ally thank you for that donation very
generous love the show let's see me live
on the show well thank you very much
love that you watch love that you watch
let's see how badly with a civil war
affect the big liberal cities in the UK
America look we're never gonna see a
civic this from jiminy ping cricket
we're never gonna see a civil war again
all right I believe we're in an
ideological Civil War I call it civil
war 2.0 its ideological the Left hates
us the left wants us to die
ideologically they want to silence us
but I don't think we'll ever see a
shooting civil war I wouldn't worry too
much about that
um we mentioned more Kubus about news on
Tommy Robinson no only what you're
seeing but we're working very very uh
working you know very very closely with
people who are trying to help Tommy
pepper asks what's the deal with
Rosenstein and sessions session seems to
be covering furrows and seen he does
doesn't he I have a very little faith in
jet Americans lead an attorney general
in whom they can have confidence right
now they do not have one they do not
have one it's uh Jeff Sessions has done
an abysmal job and I think he's falling
down on the job
Americans need an attorney general
that'll walk up to that podium and say I
know there's a lot of confusion here but
I'm in charge
don't worry justice will be done
okay and we don't have that Adam says
since there are plans to make BMWs and
Mercedes how do I think the tariffs
would affect them I think you mean in
the US and Canada all matter though
because the the the bulk of the vehicle
is made in the intellectual property and
whatnot all still stem from Germany why
didn't miss America try one piece only
suits first with a covered head and be
Jeanette oh yeah yeah they liberals over
there I wouldn't be surprised that was
discussed
Bilbo doc says do I believe the Iran
deal was a fraud by the Obama
administration absolutely absolutely I
think the Obama administration wanted to
give concessions to Iran and did it
under the guise of a tough deal that was
anything but I think they did it it was
anything with been many people feel that
there'll be civil wars in Europe I I
think that it's more likely for a civil
war or civil unrest to break out in
Europe than it is here in the United
States of this Rosenstein threatened
Congress Andrew said I believe he did
and I didn't like Jeff Sessions tepid
response because I believe the Congress
men and women who said he did
threatening them with subpoenas and
wiretap if they dared challenge
hm-hmm Julius I didn't see your last
question so I can't read the
continuation eat more Pakistani Muslim
sentence to 90 years between them today
for another grooming gang and ops are
good it'd have been life for all of them
it'd have been life for all of them how
about bikinis I'm not a fan I am NOT a
bikini BAM not a bikini fan how was out
Goods day in New York
Andrea Hetherington asked well I'm not
familiar with how goods day New York but
I assume pretty pretty dreadful I would
think yeah I was booted off Twitter for
saying Merkel should hang am I wrong
well I don't love listen I'm a security
minded guy
I don't like threatening any world so uh
I'm not yeah I don't I don't condone
that because I if somebody said that
about the president United States oh I
probably want the Secret Service to be
alerted but I do think that you the way
you kill politicians by killing their
careers at the ballot box that's how we
do it that's how we do it now that's the
civilized way to do it and the much more
effective way to do it because if
they're not in office and they're just
another private citizen and who the hell
cares what they're doing at that right
who cares what they're doing
what do I think of Trump I love
trumpeting is awesome Joseph Dunbar asks
I think it is absolutely awesome
you know the rape of kids goes to the
very top they're all pedophiles they
wanted to be commonplace all those
conspiracy theories aren't true I worked
sex crimes for years I worked child sex
crimes the no pedophiles come in all
shapes and sizes but there isn't this
grand conspiracy at the top of
government and if that's all don't
believe that Pizza date nonsense please
please
I uh I don't believe what do I think of
Trump hosting a Ramadan dinner the F
thar he had to do it there are so
Muslims here in the United States are
United States citizens and Islam still a
religion it's First Amendment protected
and it was a right thing for the
President of the United States to do
despite what many Americans feel there
are many Muslim Americans who live here
and go about their lives and are
productive and employers and law-abiding
people and they serve in our military
and first responders cops firefighters
had to do it he had to do it
and mmm Oh Julius I see what you're
saying
uh no I mean I think it like I said if
protecting preserving my culture and you
protect them as reviewers and we don't
bother each other well that's great but
when we have Somali Muslims in Minnesota
trying to bring al-shabaab ideals into
Minneapolis st. Paul then it becomes
problematic
do I think it should be illegal for
Islamists to run for ups in the US they
have ties to care Terry godori says not
illegal not illegal but I wish there was
more media attention on just how bad
care is 250 Sabres is very impressed
John I told John Brennan former CIA
director to delete his Twitter account
pure gold thank you I think John Brennan
is a horrible reprehensible human being
was the worst CIA director in history
and I wish it would just go away quietly
it like many other people I'm not afraid
- John you know Kyah
he doesn't impress me he doesn't scare
me I could not not care less what he
thinks but I think Iranian people will
kick out the islamist lamas the islamic
leaders Tony Nagi asks yeah I do I think
now that we've got a strong president in
the White House and Trump said something
very interesting after his press kaya's
press conference after the Singapore
summit he said Iran is very different
than it was he's right the Iranian
people are pro West hmm the Iranian
people are pro West and left to their
own devices they want them all is gone
and we need to do all we can to help
them we need to do all we can help them
people are talking about a police
whistleblower video I'm not familiar
with it
my thoughts on the new CIA director
there the verdicts still out um I trust
Mike Pompeo or secretary of state I
trust the president I think Jeana Havel
was tough on terror think she did what
she had to do survive in the agency for
as long as she did and so uh yeah I'm
gonna I'm gonna wait and see so far I
think she's doing a pretty good job I'm
hearing decent things from my sources in
the agency and so until I hear something
different I'm gonna uh give her the
benefit of the doubt
Andrea asks how do I feel about the
Nero's desperate trash-talking well if
you haven't seen the president's tweet
he called de niro punchy and told him to
wake up punchy I think Robert DeNiro's
and irrelevant moron
who went from doing great films to these
b-movie comedies that flop at the box
office he's bitter he's angry he's
irrelevant and Donald Trump got the
incredible incredible blast from Oh
Jones is it true that Jim shudos slept
with John Brennan for the Flynn Russia
trance cos I don't know it was pretty
funny no I don't think so I don't know
but it was uh Lorne says the alkyds
March women were carrying wrapped up
plastic baby dolls I didn't see it
any thoughts on that I honestly didn't
see it I've been so focused on the g7
and North Korea that I did not see it
and unfortunately as much fun as I'm
having I just got an email alert that my
web is going down in two minutes uh
the
punk-ass give us a little bit of allert
here that I'm actually came in five
minutes ago I was going down in five
minutes I just saw it it's going down in
two minutes I got time for one more
question and people keep asking about
these al-khair are the out cuts um yeah
HUD's protests I didn't see him I'm
gonna have to google that I'm gonna have
to google out I'm gonna have to search
that and take a look you guys have been
absolutely awesome next time Ezra will
be back at the regular time if I'm here
we'll be back at regular time today was
just a little bit of a different thing
because of this you've been having
terrible weather in South Florida it's
rained for about two three weeks spray
but for two or three days the trees are
overgrown they're knocking down wires
and I live close to the water so we have
no underground lines here yet and the
weather really affects our internet our
power so apologize to you guys but you
this has been great I had so much fun
last time I had even more fun today
thank you guys so so much this was
absolutely awesome can't wait to do this
with you again I'm John Carr dello
hosting battleground threads the robot
Ezra Lebon
