there's a story I've been working on
about a young disabled veteran an
awesome guy named Kyle moose just an
absolute sweetheart of a guy you can't
help but like him from the minute you
speak to him I profiled Kyle and his
attorney Chris Reid he joins me now on
another show I do last week
the story really hit me and many others
not just on that production team but
also in the conservative world and we
took to social media you get Kyle's word
of Kyle's case out there I then tweeted
it out and I got it some friends of mine
in the White House dr. Sebastian gorko
who's a good friend of mine you know
said working to show many times he was
really struck by this we got it to many
many people close to the administration
and I couldn't be happier the report
there was a little bit of movement so to
tell you all about it a really great guy
by the way who's doing he's a hero in
his own right he's doing outstanding pro
bono work for veterans is Kyle Lucis
attorney Christopher Reed he joins us
from Birmingham Alabama Chris thanks so
much for being here this morning on
short notice really appreciate that he
made the time I'm happy to be here my
pleasure to have you all right give the
audience a bit of background on Kyle
Kyle is a young guys in his 20s he was
veteran he served his country he's had a
mild form of cystic fibrosis
that's progressed but he hid this as a
kid he played baseball he played sports
he joined the military but now it got to
a point where it progressed and the
Social Security Administration Kyle's
dad who is very close to sadly died but
a month or so ago
the Social Security Administration
mistakenly declared Kyle dead and Chris
has been fighting his battles so Chris
tell us a little bit about that what
happened how Kyle was affected and where
we are today
well Kyle was very close to his dad and
so that really did complicate his Cystic
Fibrosis now what I was really like
about Kyle is he's got this drive to
overcome it's like his mind is stronger
than his body but whenever his dad
passed away and complications of a
cystic fibrosis acted up and then Social
Security declared him dead it was almost
too much for him to
Ã¡ndale in fact when I took over the case
it was he was maybe sixteen seventeen
percent oxygen function and he just
could kind of lost the will to live he
just looked in his eyes because they
told him if they didn't get this health
insurance fixed by the time he got out
if he got better he wouldn't get his
oxygen tank he wouldn't be able to talk
to a physician about pain management and
so if he got better he was either going
to come back to the ER cuz a shock or
because he couldn't breathe and he had
tried so hard to get Social Security to
listen he sent them all forms of ID
every one of his doctors wrote a letter
so the audience especially so how did it
come to pass that Social Security
Administration declared Kyle dead when
it was in fact his dad who passed
well like Winston Churchill said civil
servants are neither civil nor servants
and that definitely it's life to the
Social Security Administration so they
just it's the easiest air to avoid
alright so when his dad died they both
have the first name
Gregory's are both both their first
names they don't have the same birthday
they don't have the same social security
number so somebody just keyed in Gregory
neuss and instead of looking at it like
a fight it's Kyle a nickname his middle
name
it's Gregory Kyle Nutt he's named after
his dad but they
whenever you're entering somebody's name
to a death master lift you always enter
in a birthday and a social security
number well somebody at the Social
Security Administration decided that was
too much work for them to do so they
just saw a name that looked like Kyle's
and said oh I guess he's dead and once
that entered in Kyle's his light no his
health insurance was canceled all his
debit cards he couldn't use any debit
card and still going to be three weeks
until he can access his accounts even
now and whenever we talked to the
whenever we talked to different people
that have been through this they said
earliest we could expect would be about
six months for them to fix it and that
would be soon for the Social Security
Administration well Kyle did have six
months so at that time we're just like
well we're gonna bring it to the media
we're going to bring it to congressmen
and Senators and then we finally got it
to the White House and it would rule it
early takes an act of Congress for the
White House
get somebody at Social Security mesh
administration to cut through red tape
and help somebody like this because
whenever they talk to Kyle initially
they were mad because he couldn't come
over to prove he was alive even though
he was fighting for his life in a
hospital bed and he had told them like
can you guys just walk over here it's
right right god forbid these
taxpayer-funded employees could have
sent somebody over in an uber to the
hospital to check on them no let's make
the disabled veteran with cystic
fibrosis come to them and wait online
for four hours
it's so infuriating now one of the
things about this story that I
particularly loved was that this was
really a bipartisan effort look I've
always been very honest about my
political bent I'm a conservative
commentator but there are certain things
that should be apolitical they should
not only want to say bipartisan it
should be a political helping someone
like Kyle's serve this country the
government completely botched it it had
been a political and this was correct
you had Republicans and Democrats from
his congressional delegation pretty much
working very hard to help rectify this
yes senator Doug Jones as a Democrat was
very helpful and congressman Gary Palmer
is very helpful and actually whenever I
was thinking about how to do this I
really wanted it to be that way because
it shouldn't be a right-left issue to
help a disabled veteran in need and
every person I talked to on the left and
right that's an elected leader did
everything they could to help and so
this was one example where everybody
kind of came together and put part of
politics aside and helped Kyle go to the
App Store download the rebel app as
always thank you so much for watching
I'll see you tomorrow
