I'm a fat girl at heart I love
chick-fil-a I do I am unashamed about
the fact that because it is one block
from my house I eat it probably twice a
week but they're on my list right now
and you do not want to be on my list I
just got home from the Hollywood
chick-fil-a drive-through to find out
that they did not include the for
chick-fil-a sauces that I requested with
my order I'm very displeased chick-fil-a
you better fix this because my stockpile
of liquid gold is diminishing but to my
story chick-fil-a is back in the news in
a supporting role capacity this is just
so utterly ridiculous anyway Jack Dorsey
was ripped on social media Jack Dorsey
who is the CEO of the shadow Manning
social media platform Twitter and was
digitally beaten to a pulp after he
tweeted a screenshot of his chick-fil-a
purchase now as many of you know
chick-fil-a is a Christian company
founded by truett Cathy
and was founded on Christian principles
they are also closed on Sunday as it
states on their website our founder true
@ Kathy made the decision to close on
Sunday in 1946 when he opened his first
restaurant in hate-filled Georgia having
worked seven days a week in restaurants
open 24 hours true it saw the importance
of closing on Sundays so that he and his
employees could set aside one day to
rest and worship if they choose a
practice we uphold today the originator
of the chicken sandwich became a target
at the left in 2012 when Truitt's son
Dan Kathy who is now the CEO stated that
he personally supports the idea of
marriage being exclusively between a man
and a woman as described in the Bible
he's a Christian so it really wasn't a
shock that he feels this way I think
what the left was so enraged over was
the fact that Dan Kathy is so bold and
courageous in his faith and that ticks
off people suffering from mental
problemo projection Dan Kathy and his
company serve all people regardless of
their belief race creed sexual
orientation or gender
I say it's psychological projection
because the very people who ripped him
calling him a bigot and a homophobe are
the same people who are so close-minded
to the beliefs of others so we have to
be tolerant of you
but you don't have to be tolerant of us
okay got it anyway that whole
controversy did not hinder the success
of the company as they now have grown to
be as reported by the ultra liberal
Huffington Post America's favorite fast
food restaurant in an annual survey
conducted by the American Customer
Satisfaction Index chick-fil-a beat out
all other fast-food restaurant chains
two years in a row so clearly they're
not hurting and even some liberals can't
deny the buttery crispy goodness of a
chick-fil-a chicken sandwich or a 12
count nugget as I was saying Twitter CEO
Jack Dorsey posted a screenshot of the
savings he received using the
chick-fil-a app he did this wait for it
on Pride weekend here in LA during Pride
Month oh my god and boy did he find out
how the left not only likes a chicken
they will eat their own in a heartbeat
if you step out of line here are just a
few of the Twitter reactions at Sarah
Burruss said this mmm hate chicken never
tasted so homophobic
okay so chick-fil-a's policy of serving
everyone no matter their belief race
creed sexual orientation or gender
displays how hateful they are hmm see
how idiotic these people are the at or
at the adam goldman tweeted this on
behalf of the whole LGBTQ community jack
kindly boosts your head out of your
judging by this next tweet I'm going to
read Adam Goldman I don't think you're
the official mouthpiece for the whole
LGBTQ community at Perry Richardson a VA
tweeted this at Jack don't give in to
these people and their complaints I'm
gay and I love chick-fil-a go on and eat
that chick-fil-a and post as much as you
want about it also I watched a stand-up
not long ago by the very large lesbian
comedian fortune themed stir I only
mentioned her size because it makes it
funnier that during her stand-up she
said something to the effect of there's
only one time when being gay was hard
for me and that was when the gay
community declared war against
chick-fil-a because here's the deal
people I'm fat first and lesbian second
so at the end of the day poor Jack
Dorsey was so beaten down by the
maniacal chick-fil-a hating left that he
issued an apology
and said he was wrong for eating at
chick-fil-a on CNN Sunday when anchor
Soledad O'Brien pointed out that it was
an interesting company to boost on
Twitter during Pride Month he replied
you are right completely forgot about
their background wait aren't we not
supposed to judge people based on their
background this all gets so confusing
liberals you keep changing the rules on
us how are we ever going to march in
line like good little socialist soldiers
when we don't know what the formation is
thanks for watching everybody I'm Amanda
head for the rebels if you enjoyed my
commentary and opinions we have an
unlimited supply of them here at the
rebels so subscribe to our premium
content at www.affordablecomm.com
