brexit ear MP's a warning that teresa
may might face a vote of no-confidence
after the withdrawal bill becomes law
but i'm wondering if that's really a
great idea
the Daily Express reports today that
Theresa May is warned by furious brakes
to tears they are prepared for a vote of
no-confidence it says here Theresa May
has been given a stark warning by
enraged breaks the tears that once the
EU withdrawal bill becomes law they are
prepared to force a vote of
no-confidence because of the way she
dealt with brexit negotiations and as we
all know it's not been great it's been
kind of bumpy and tomorrow actually
today I'm filming this on the 11th of
June tomorrow's the 12th of June when
the EU withdraw bills going to be voted
on there's a mammoth voting session
going on tomorrow it's going to go pass
way past midnight and as I've mentioned
before it looks like it's being done
purposely before the Lewis Yami's
by-election because the new MP for Lewis
shim is almost certainly going to be a
remainer
that's how tight it is one vote really
matters so it's all going through
tomorrow The Daily Express goes on it
says Briggs ideas could launch a coup
against the Prime Minister once brexit
legislations been secured yura skeptics
within the Conservative Party ranks have
prepared to force a no-confidence vote
because the PM's handling of brexit and
fears the UK will be stuck with EU
customs rules next direction so what
this looks like is we've been talking
about the possibility for a while now
about a potential vote of no confidence
in Theresa May and I always thought if
they were going to do it they do it
before the vote but now it looks like
actually what they're gonna do is wait
until the votes happened once the
withdrawal bill has become law whether
it's got the amendments taken from the
Lord's or not then they might focus on
getting tourism a owl stood as Prime
Minister one Tory MP told the Express
the short-term focus is getting Royal
Assent for the bill before we break for
summer if we steer it onto the statute
book I wouldn't be surprised if there's
a vote of no-confidence in the PM
something I'd have said no chance to a
month ago so it looks like more MPs are
getting on board with this idea of
getting rid of May I know I'm probably
in a minority here when I think that may
actually does one achieve breaks it I
think for her it's a matter of her
legacy and she wants to do right by the
votes and I don't like me I really don't
and I do think she's a bit weak I don't
think she's got the most charisma which
is not helpful for a politician I also
think she's disaster
on Islam and freedom of speech she's
really terrible but when it comes to
Bragg's I think she actually wanted to
achieve it and she's been up against the
worst of the worst in her own party I
hope maybe actually this has been a
wake-up call for Teresa may I hope maybe
it hasn't who knows but I hope it's a
wake-up call for her and other breaks of
Tears to realize that the Conservative
Party isn't so conservative
the Conservatives should have snapped up
the opportunity to get out of a
supranational sort of government a
government that encompasses the whole
you whole of Europe and a government
that's run by unelected people a
Conservative government should have
snapped at the opportunity to stop then
it looks like half of our own party is
against her now what I worry about here
is if there is a vote of no-confidence I
think it's gonna be Jacob Riis MOG it
could be I don't know a David Davis
character as well well if there's a vote
of no-confidence I think it's likely
that the the replacement for Teresa may
would be a break to tear and say it's
Jacob Riis mock say it's Jacob Riis mock
people think he's brilliant and don't
get me wrong I think he's a an
exceptionally polite man I think he's a
a good representative of his
constituents but I don't think he's our
Lord and Savior I don't think he's
anywhere near as good as people think
and here's why I worry about if we end
up with a Jacob Riis MOG type or just
Jacob Riis MOG as head of government
first of all I don't think he could win
a general election I think he can
replacement to reason may but I don't
think he could win the working-class
vote in a general election it's not
impossible for a posh Tory to do that
Enoch Powell got the support of the the
miners and the working-class years ago
but of course he never ran to be leader
of the Conservative Party or at least
never won to whether Jacob Riis more can
get that same level of support I don't
think he could I don't think he could
and my other objection to Jacob Riis
month actually I should mention really I
was at a rather controversial
traditional Britain group dinner a few
years ago when Jacob Riis mark was there
and he stood up and he said that anybody
with a British passport is as British as
you or I I'm sorry but in my books that
is not conservative I know Jacob Riis
mark could destroy me on historical nor
and in that way I guess he's more of a
better conservative than I am sure but I
don't think it's conservative to say
that anybody with a British passport is
immediately British or as British as you
or I I think there's more to being
British than just a passport I think
there's a deep love and connection to
the country I think there's a
traditional background you know how long
your families live there how long your
people have lived there how you
associate with the culture I mean you
can become British but it's got to be
more than just a passport
you've got to associate with the culture
and feel a deep connection to the
country and Jacob Riis mob didn't say
that and that bothered me that bothered
me because at that point it's well
anyone who's British anyone can be
British you know
anybody even if they hate Britain can be
British when I look at Anjem Choudary he
may well have a British passport but is
he British I mean he hates Britain he
hates our culture he hates our history
he hates the people of Britain is he
British no I don't think it's a
conservative position to say that he is
so that bothers me about Jacob Riis mug
but another thing that bothers me about
him is that he's almost good enough
that's why I worry about him he's almost
good enough I wouldn't rather have
somebody in government at the head of
government who is nowhere near good
enough I'd rather have that than
somebody who's nearly good enough
because here's the problem if Jacob Riis
mug becomes Prime Minister if he's
nearly good enough as Prime Minister
then that makes people complacent
they'll think oh well Jacob Riis mug
will solve it he's pretty decent he'll
do the job and then nobody who's
actually willing to make the tough
decisions and say the things that need
to be said about violent religious
ideologies you know when I'm talking
about the people that need to the people
that are willing to stand up and solve
those problems through through politics
not just marching on the street but
going into the political system winning
elections becoming part of the
government and solving those issues
those people will never ever get that
chance if people are complacent and
think that Jacob Riis MOG will just get
on with it when he never will he never
will so it's interesting to see this
talk about potentially replacing Theresa
May I think it could
disastrous if I'm honest God a couple of
I'm going to say this but maybe we need
to keep some kind of strong and stable
nature in government maybe we need to
just keep tourism a around for a little
while because something got helpers can
you imagine if Jeremy Corbyn came into
power as I say I'd rather have somebody
in government who's nowhere near good
enough than someone who is nearly good
enough and trust me tourism a is not
nearly good enough but she's nowhere
near as absolutely catastrophic as the
Labour Party imagined I inhabit as Home
Secretary I'd rather keep these guys in
power for a little bit longer while
something else brews and yeah let me
know what you think of that let me know
what you think in the comments because
I've been toying with this issue for a
while now you know who would be better
Jacob Riis MOG or Jeremy Corbyn it's a
difficult one I think in the meantime
sorry in the meantime maybe in Tereza
may just needs to stick around for a
little bit longer and let something else
brew in the pipelines that is know if
you like that and want to see more
remember to Like and subscribe or
download the rebel act from the Google
Play Store or the Apple App Store
you
