I thought Canada was a bastion of
diversity and tolerance and reasonable
accommodation so why is it that
Starbucks is now bringing its virtue
signaling kabuki danced who are a great
Dominion so late last month some 8,000
US corporate Starbucks stores closed for
an entire day undoubtedly sending
thousands of hipsters into the arms of
grief counselors for having to endure
the indignity of sipping Java at
decidedly downmarket Dunkin Donuts
franchises but the Starbuck
rank-and-file allegedly needed
sensitivity training you see this was
thanks to two men being arrested at a
Philadelphia Starbucks after refusing to
leave the store when asked to do so
here's what we know for sure about that
incident these were not paying customers
they asked to use the washroom they were
denied access they were eventually asked
to leave they would not leave the police
were called and they were charged with
trespassing oh I almost forgot the men
were black so this was promptly spin
doctored as being an act of racism I
mean what else could it be right but
even if you believe that getting law
enforcement involved was maybe a bit of
an overreaction the fact remains at a
cafe even a hippie dippie social justice
joint like Starbucks is private property
and when someone especially someone who
loiters without so much as spending a
buck at a Starbucks assuming anything
actually costs as little as a buck there
well when you're asked of the Moose then
you really should vamoose and so it was
that thanks to Starbucks touchy-feely
CEO Kevin Johnson all the US company
runs stores were closed for a May Day
session in which bigoted baristas could
receive sensitivity training but if
Canadians were feeling smug about this
story based on the idea that racism
subtle or otherwise is really at a bear
second thing well not so fast buckle
because this coming Monday it will be
lights out for Canadian Starbucks stores
- who knew that white privilege abounds
in the great white north as well but I
don't get it
haven't we all been led to believe that
the USA is the melting pot where as
where that highfalutin multicultural
mosaic sort of like a certain Disneyland
ride
as an aside folks if you're harboring
any dark thoughts of taking leave of
your mortal coil avoid the it's a small
world ride at all costs but I digress
in any event there's a gushing article
in the trade magazine strategy about how
closing Canucks Starbucks for a day is
the right thing to do the article quotes
Wojtek dubrovsky a crisis management
expert and I believe a former character
from that 70s TV show Barney Miller he
says quote I think Starbucks gets an A+
for the move end quote
well joho 'it's i mean Wojtek further
notes that it's important for the chain
to show that racial bias training is an
enterprise-wide priority gee who knew
that your local Starbucks was staffed by
so many KKK operatives ok time to cut
through all this feel-good crap Jolla
here and talk about the real reason for
all these sensitivity training sessions
which is this this is all about
Starbucks covering its corporate arts
next time there is a perceived Rachel
breach at one of its cafes thus if a
visible minority be they homeless or
mentally disturbed or just someone with
a chip on their shoulder is acting
belligerently and really needs to be
dealt with and if that incident somehow
turns into yet another PR nightmare
thanks to the race card being played
well Starbucks corporate can now say
this hey folks this is an art fault
we took a multi-million dollar hit in
order to train all our employees not to
act like Klansmen so what occurred here
was obviously due to the actions of a
rogue employee who obviously didn't get
the memo
in other words folks it's all about
curtailing liability as well as CEO
Johnson protecting his squeaky-clean
progressive persona but you know there's
an unfortunate and unsavory result in
Starbucks new incarnation as a sanctuary
coffee shop chain and it's this far from
being a safe haven some Starbucks have
turned into dangerous realms
Fox News report quoted a Starbucks
employee who works at a store in Chicago
saying they hate the new policy because
the store bathrooms have turned into a
hub for drug activity quote we haven't
been allowed to change our bathroom code
since April so almost all the junkies
and homeless people know the code now
about once a week we find needles drug
baggies blood all over the toilet or
wall end quote
nice meanwhile The Wall Street Journal
reported how a Starbucks employee was
pricked by a needle that was left behind
in a blood spattered bathroom
lovely so pray for those Starbucks
workers who must now clean up ghastly
messes
thanks to this coffee shop embracing the
slogan no one is illegal and that's the
thing isn't it secure in their ivory
towers the likes of CEO Johnson and PR
consultant Dobrowski well they'll never
be called upon to clean up the downright
dangerous messes left behind at
Starbucks restrooms after all better the
company throw its own employees under
the bus rather than being perceived as
politically incorrect for the rebel dog
media I'm David the men's ID Menzies hey
folks the Breville has a brand new app
please download that app and take the
rebel with you wherever you go
you
