now we're finding out a joy and read
essentially like be threatened to beat
up her colleagues when she was in radio
well yeah I mean let's assume these
these charges are true because you know
you and I believe that people have a
right to defend themselves at your be
presumed innocent so we'll assume these
charges are true this woman's a
one-woman training so I gotta ask what's
the standard we know what the standard
is for Roseanne and you know ABC was
free to do what ABC wanted to do if it
didn't want to be if it didn't want her
associated with its brand that's ABC's
choice but NBC's MSNBC is making the
choice to it's saying we do want joy I
read associated with our brand and I
just find that curious if true if it's
all baloney and she's really a nice lady
who got hacked I want to see somebody
silenced because they're falsely accused
or framed
yeah but now we have what's the standard
now we have people on the record here
I'll read a couple of these things and
we've got I've got some pretty
substantial people on the record from
her old from her old job
he said let's say here it is from a
story by Ryan Savage over at hey Lee
Weyer Ryan her friend rise yep yes and
that was through Fox News Andrea egg egg
ocean I guess how you pronounce her name
former lead host of a morning show with
read recently spoke out about reading
for the first time more than a decade
saying we'd created quote the most toxic
work environment I've ever experienced
and Andre not Andrea and threatened him
with violence this guy it's a gal eg GE
le tion so it looks like a Goshen she
attacked me on a constant basis while I
was there I was even once threatened
with physical violence during a break
with her I mean this isn't on the record
host but it gets better Lea Michaels
then national program director for
syndication one confirm the incident to
Fox News saying
absolutely happened 100% that's a quote
so this is no more this is no more Hades
were hacks I don't recall
these are to broadcast professionals on
the record saying this happened
well now look there let me put on my
defense attorney hat firm clear leaders
are often accused of being toxic I I
read Ryan's article I think some of the
statements you know you and me are gonna
go at it I don't know does that mean
physical fights is amin you know an
argument okay well you know i think it
could be taken anyway and it's probably
not an optimal way
there's your best case for that is the
best this could be construed in any way
by only one g true it's true yeah
wouldn't be construed if she was
conservative that right no what would
make the case i just made and that you
gently gave a fair listening to if she
was conservative well that's that's the
point I want to bring you this content
every day so help me do that by
subscribing to our premium service at
wwww forward slash chose go to the App
Store download the great rebel app as
always thank you so much for watching
you have a great weekend I'll see you on
Monday
