while I'm here with the Doug Ford
kingmaker tanana grana Kalyn herself ten
yet fifteen minutes into the election
they were already calling a PC majority
what do you make of that and given that
you were turfed is this a bittersweet
victory for you look I've always been in
this for the issue
David the issues of families and
children in Ontario obviously the sex ed
curriculum a Kathleen Wynne was a big
priority for me there's a lot of work to
be done sure I thought I would be having
the role on the inside working to undo
the damage from the wind liberals
obviously that's not to be but I look
forward to it like I said working hard
for the families and the children of
Ontario because let's face it Kathleen
Wynne's policies in last few years have
been bigoted hateful anti family and
anti religion but you know a lot of
people I think Tonya would call you
overly gracious I mean you were the
kingmaker you and your supporters move
the needle to make doug ford not
christine elliot leader of this pc party
it's been more than a month since you
were let go
how does it feel right now well i don't
know if i was let go i still have not
received an explanation as to what
exactly happened and I haven't heard
from done but let's face it tonight is a
victory for the parents and children of
Ontario doug has committed at some
course just before the the election
campaign to repeal and replace the
Kathleen Wynne sex ed and I look forward
to helping parents hold him to that
promise because let's face it the
children of Ontario need relief from
that bigoted curriculum no your
replacement in Mississauga Center it
looks like she's scheduled to win that
riding how does that make you feel
because if your name was on that ballot
presumably you're the MPP from
Mississauga Centre look I was always a
miss for the issues this wasn't about
what political career for me and
sometimes things happen obviously I'm to
play a different role but I'm happy to
be an advocate for parents and for
children and obviously this is a very
happy day a jubilant day because we have
now an end
the Kathleen Wynne regime that has
plagued this province for 15 years now
you remain passionate about the sex ed
curriculum tenure since Doug Ford is
going to form by all projections a
majority government is there maybe a
role in that government for you to carry
on your crusade against this sex ed
curriculum
I don't know you'll have to ask Doug
Ford I'm sure he'll be making some
important decisions in the coming days
but like I said there are a lot of
policies not just the sex ed we could
talk about belly 89 where children are
being removed from their homes if their
parents don't facilitate them engaging
in sex change medical procedures that's
terrible again I don't think we have
seen such hateful policies against
families against families of faith
parents of faith come out of an
administration than we have in the last
few years under Kathleen Wynne so I
think parents have vocalized their
concerns obviously she's out and I think
tomorrow's a new day and we start our
work until you tell me do you feel
though that there is a double standard
out there I mean in the last two weeks
there's been a raft of NDP candidates
that have been exposed really as
radicals you know people that are anti
poppy one using a hilt allure meme one
calling the chief of police a coon and
the list goes on and yet here you were
being held up you know on or I mean
dismissed based on social media comments
you made years ago you're you're put
aside these other people stay on that a
double standard in your mind David
actually I don't know why I was
dismissed or why my democratically one
nomination was not recognized
I to this day I don't know I have never
received an explanation
you'd have to ask Doug why I was
dismissed
that's what did he tell you Tanya Doug
never called me I never heard from him I
tried to call them and text em but I
never heard back but you know moving on
from that again I'm here to be a voice
for the issues issues are
to me issues like freedom of speech like
the rights of parents to raise their
children pass on their faith and their
family values that's important to me and
we need to undo the damage in this
province and I look forward to
continuing my advocacy work of course
the allegations were because you're anti
gay marriage and anti burqa that
therefore made you a homophobe an
Islamophobe do you think those were fair
descriptors tossed your way Tanya again
I never received an explanation from the
from dog or the party in terms of
trumped-up charges in the media I mean
people are gonna write all sorts of
narratives I defended myself very
clearly with it was slanderous and I
defended myself clearly with an op-ed I
wrote for the National Post and I am you
know a Catholic woman a practicing
Catholic and I think in this society we
ought to be able to be inclusive of
practicing Catholics in the public
sphere
one last question Tanya this is
obviously a crushing defeat for the
Liberals they're just clinging to
official party status in the here and
now what do you think was the number one
issue that resonated with antarians to
make them vote the way they did tonight
I think the win liberals over the last
few years both economically and and
socially parents I can tell you right
now were fed up of her policies yet
another encroachment into the family
life be it through the the bill eighty
nine or the sex ed or economically they
had enough and I think parents said you
know it enough we want to change well
Tanya as far as I'm concerned and maybe
my opinion doesn't count for much
you were the kingmaker in my book I
think what happened to you was
disgraceful I know we have to move on I
think you're absolutely showing
incredible grace given what happened to
you I don't think I'd be like that I
think I'd be curled up in the corner
crying tan your grand out thank you so
much for your time and good luck with
your future endeavors thank you David
especially for your generous comments
thank you thank you so much
hey folks you may have heard the rebel
has a new app please download that app
and take the rebel with you wherever you
go
you
