Donald Trump keeps up the tough talk
with North Korea and I think that's
exactly what he should be doing I'll
tell you why
now one thing he got a hand Donald Trump
is he always leaves them guessing
yesterday at a joint press conference at
the White House with Japanese Prime
Minister Shinzo Abe a I don't Trump once
again give us a little uncertainty about
North Korea he said I'm ready to walk
away from the North Korea summit he said
quote I'm totally prepared to walk away
and he's saying if Kim jong-un does not
agree to denuclearize he might very well
walk away now Secretary of State Mike
Pompeo said that when he met with Kim
Kim was fully ready to be nuclearized
but the president is leaving all options
open letting me with Korea know that
just because they came back to the table
it doesn't mean they have carte blanche
they do not have a blank check from said
like I said I'm totally prepared to walk
maybe it won't be necessary I hope it
won't be necessary this old direct quote
I believe that Kim jong-un wants to do
something that is going to be great for
his people and also great for his family
great for himself
he added that the president added that
the US could also absolutely sign an
agreement to end the Korean War and and
to bring things back to pre-1950s levels
with North Korea from is leaving
everything on the table and so when
asked if he was willing to sign a peace
agreement to normalize relationships
with Pyongyang Trump said quote we would
certainly like to see normalization we
could sign an agreement that would be a
first step it's what happens after the
agreement but yes we could absolutely
sign an agreement he went on to say
that's really the beginning sounds a
little bit strange but that's probably
the easy part the hard part is after
that now he did say that he expected to
normalize relations with North Korea the
summit of course right now is scheduled
for next Tuesday this coming Tuesday
actually June 12th at the capela hotel
in Singapore anything it happened over
the weekend in this administration
anything can happen in the next 30
minutes
now Trump also said some other very
interesting things about North Korea he
said I hope to do that when it came to
normalizing relations with North Korea
he said this is what was very
interesting to me quote maximum pressure
is in full effect we don't use that term
anymore because we're going into a
friendly negotiation
perhaps after that negotiation I'll use
it again we'll know how well we do with
the negotiation if you see me say we're
gonna use maximum pressure you know the
negotiation did not do well frankly this
is this is a very is the new kind of
diplomacy and I like it I like it a lot
he said Trump went on to say in the
meantime we haven't removed any
sanctions and he said that the United
States that's over 300 massive sanctions
that they're ready to impose on North
Korea
president said he decided to hold off on
that until a deal is made and he
believes there's the potential to make a
deal it's um it's very nice very nice
and he's word nice the one I'm reading
next you see a president that puts
America first that understands the
weight the might the power of the United
States of America that we don't have to
be the world's doormat I tell you that
every day the Trump been said and he
said a lot this was all caught on video
about not using terms like what was the
term you used maximum pressure not
imposing any of the 300 possible
sanction the reason he said they decided
to hold off on that he said I don't
think it's nice going in under those
circumstances like I don't want to walk
into the deal being a jerk I don't to
walk into the deal twisting arms by
imposing all of these sanctions and
leveraging it Pyongyang knows we can do
it Kim jong-un knows I can do it his
generals know I can do it
I'm gonna walk into the meeting I'm
gonna walk into the meeting in good
faith next week in Singapore and I'm
gonna see how this plays out because I
can always put those things in a place
right now I want to give this meeting
the best chance of succeeding
said the campaign hasn't changed we're
leaving all of the existing sanctions on
so is not gonna impose any new ones but
he is leaving all of the existing
sanctions in place and he then
reiterated that he has many more to use
but he doesn't want to use them unless
it's absolutely necessary
he's very clear about that said you know
I don't think it'll be necessary but
we'll know soon now this is um this is
such an interesting kind of diplomacy
he's also bringing Dennis Rodman with
him that's a new form of diplomacy Kim
jong-il and big basketball fan he was
enamored with Dennis Rodman you remember
Rodman and went there and a lot of
people thought that looked very bad but
I like that Trump understands how to
play him general
now John Bolton will not be there in
Singapore next week and that's also a
smart move it doesn't mean that Bolton
is out on the outs the president it
doesn't mean that we should read between
the lines what it means is that when
Bolton talked about the Libya doctrine
and and basically that was taken to mean
that if a nation denuclearize is as
Libya did well their leader might find
themselves dead with their body being
paraded through the streets not long
after so when Bolton spoke about Libya
Kim jong-il North Korean leader got
visibly upset
it's almost killed a meeting drum
realizes hey look we need peace in that
region we need peace on the Korean
Peninsula we're probably never gonna get
true peace from this guy but at least if
we can neutralize him a little bit if we
can calm this maniac down well that's
better than nothing
you've got Secretary of State Mike
Pompeo going with the president Pompeo
has done so far an outstanding job at
keeping Kim jong-un in check at getting
him to come to the table you've got the
president there and John Bolton is gonna
be with the National Security Council in
the White House a video conference or
phone call away if needed don't bring
them if it's gonna put the meeting in
jeopardy there's no harm no foul and no
loss of face to the United States and
you know that I don't care who's in the
White House I don't care if it's Donald
Trump I don't care if it's any president
I back if a move is made that I don't
agree with I'm gonna call it out I'm not
a cheerleader I've I've never been a
cheerleader has never been me I've never
been that guy
so Trump also jabbed North Korea a
little bit because he ended the session
with the prime minister Ave of Japan
today where they were mostly talking
about North Korea the pan is seriously
affected by whatever happens in North
Korea the weapons the nuclear weapons
North Korea is trying to build and
easily reach Japan their Rockets
allegedly in reach Japan so Japan has
many dogs in this fight
and Trump ended by paying tribute to the
family of otto warmbier of course the
student who died last June after being
released from 17 months in North Korean
captivity he when they when we got a Mac
he was brain dead it was terrible case
president said of one buyer he has not
died in vain I can tell you that he has
not died in vain the warm buyer family
our love and respect we were
tremendously successful in getting our
three hostages back I'm very thankful to
the cooperation we received in North
Korea now he said about the other three
hostages they are very happily ensconced
in their homes with their families
families they didn't think it was gonna
happen
and he said frankly it wouldn't have
happened but it has not Obama did not
get these people out
Oh bomb ax was the world's doormat from
been wrapped up and said I really
believe that we have the potential to do
something incredible for the world it's
my honor to be involved and the
president's write the potential to do
something great for the world really is
there the Trump is a doer he's getting
things done whereas others were
rhetorical all they did was talk about
getting things done
you've got people on the Left saying old
Trump is running there and he did with
North Korea ask that North Korea won no
they didn't know they didn't
they came begging they came back to the
White House that big envelope begging
for this meeting I'm begging for the
United States to come back to the table
we're winning this one we're winning
this one in a very big very public and
very positive way I want to bring you
this content every day so help me do
that by subscribing to our premium
service at www
goes go to the App Store download the
great rebel app as always thank you so
much for watching you have a great
weekend I'll see you on Monday
