l√©a whenever the government says to
soldiers
we're cutting your pay or give something
back it irritates me in general because
it shows to me the liberals don't care
about our own forces that's my fear but
this is so specific
give us back your rucksacks and your
sleeping bags I I just think that the I
smell are out here what do you what's
going on well I guess first it's it's
always easy to tell who the government
of the day is it's they make it dead
simple to understand
it's the Liberals when they do things
like this when they penny pinch the
armed forces when they challenge
veterans in court and they and they and
they tell us that they just don't have
enough money on this specific topic we
went through this in the 90s we we had
to redistribute and share equipment but
you have to remember in the early 90s we
had three battle groups deployed almost
3,000 4,000 people deployed and another
three training to replace those troops
that were deployed it was a huge lift
for the army of the day today we barely
have a thousand people deployed with an
additional couple of hundred training to
go and the missions that are deployed
only one of them is is going to be
replaced one is being carried out by
Special Forces who aren't affected by
this
so whether there's an ulterior motive as
you suggest or simply over the last two
years they haven't done what is normally
done in a procurement system which is
purchasing additional pieces of
equipment as equipment wears out as it
gets too old you know one of those two
things is happening but either way the
idea that the army does not have enough
sleeping bags only have the fewest
number of deployed troops that we've had
in almost a decade or if not two and we
have fewer recruits coming in today than
we've
in the last 20 years so it's perplexing
at the very least if not strange if you
like that sign up for my show every day
click on the screen to subscribe
you
