you may have heard of bills c69
the bill that is doing the exact
opposite of streamlining oil extraction
facility approvals while cherry picking
winners and losers depending on which
province they do business and well
Justin Trudeau's tone-deaf government
has just passed this legislation in the
House of Commons and it's sitting on the
Senate agenda to be approved as one
would expect it's not sitting well with
albertans and a protest was held on
Thursday to send Ottawa a message the
protest was hosted in part by Canada
action a non-profit valiantly fighting
the millions and millions of dollars
that are pouring across the border from
the likes of the Rockefellers and the
tides foundation check out what these
common-sense Albertans had to say our
challenge our equipment our technology
our all leading our businesses are going
broke or relocating to the United States
and this is not us versus them our East
versus West this is what's good for this
country that's good for all Canadians
it's a lot harder for work now there's a
lot of people that are just not able to
work that should be working or everyone
is upset about it not not everyone like
me has the time to come out to rallies
they're working harder than I am
what's changed is government change the
NDP and the Liberals responsibility to
treat all fairly equally it was a great
rally to attend there was a huge turnout
and as you saw the speakers were
excellent it was just a coincidence that
this rally happened the day the Alberta
Teachers Association convention in anak
Alberta kicked off you know the one that
Rachel Notley and her buddy the
professional pipeline protesters sapore
berman are speaking at Berman is exactly
the type of person who has begged the
government to put up every roadblock it
can on Alberta oil we need to keep the
majority of the car
that we have left in the ground that we
solve our problem if we have a greener
one students in Canada know ultimately
we need to slow it down we need to face
it and as always I will keep you posted
as bill c69 develops and if it does
become law I bet that we have not seen
the last of these protesters for the
rebel doubt media this is key investor
thanks for checking out this coverage of
the protest if you liked it be sure to
subscribe like and share this video with
your friends and your family
you
