I'm as relevant it's June 6 than you're
watching battleground
hello and welcome to battleground every
day at 12 noon Eastern Time 5 p.m. in
the UK we talk about the news and you
talk back to me in the form of chat
those are the live comments you see
streaming to the right of the screen and
Google's invented something called super
chat where if you keep paying a few
bucks or a few quid as they say in old
Blighty your chat is highlighted in a
bright color it stands out and it even
is stuck there for a period of time I
read those and I'm grateful for them
because YouTube actually passes that
dough on to us to help cover our bills
it's fun just so you have some
grassroots interaction for the last 10
days or so we've been talking about a
shocking case out of the United Kingdom
that have global ramifications namely
our former reporter Tommy Robinson being
arrested and summarily sentenced to 13
months in prison for the high crime of
reporting outside a rape gang trial he
was live streaming outside a courthouse
in Leeds where 27 men and 2 women were
on trial inside for abusing British
girls as young as aged 11 for years and
years and years and I watched that
livestream by Tommy he was very careful
he did not say that he accused were
convicted he called them accused he did
not step on court property he did not
reveal any confidences from inside the
courthouse he was outside the courthouse
nonetheless the judge saw him sent seven
officers to grab him and within hours
tommy was on his way to Her Majesty's
Prison howl to serve 13 months of a
sentence he's been there for more than
10 days I have some more Tommy news for
you today
the British singer Morrissey formerly
the lead singer of The Smiths has
weighed in on Tommy and this does not
surprise me one bit
Morrissey is a fascinating character
ultra-hip but occasionally
says things that are truly
counterculture I mean a lot of the
hipsters in the world are easy leftist
conventional thinking they're people who
go with the flow they think it's edgy to
say I'm worried about global warming
they say it's edgy to say you know to go
to an Occupy Wall Street rally or
whatever the trendy claw cause of the
day is not Morrissey I want to read to
you some comments that he made he made
them in a rather obscure publication in
the UK called tremor I think it's called
and I read them on tremor but I think
much more interesting is how that report
in tremor was taken by the mainstream
media in the UK especially by the
tabloids and torqued against Morrissey
and a course against Tommy Robinson I'm
gonna read that to you in a moment I see
there's a super chat there Bennis case
has covered the 9th queue in March and
then the out cuts March next day see who
gets preferential treatment isn't that
isn't that a great point I want to read
to you from the Sun can we put that up
on the screen here the Sun of course one
of the leading tabloids in the UK their
readers are culturally I would put it to
you in sync with Tommy Robinson but look
at how disparaging they are of Morrissey
whose nickname is Maw Maw's or maza the
original I have in my hand says
Morrissey attacks shocking treatment of
Tommy Robinson and loss of free speech
in UK in latest bizarre interview a
slightly different headline is on the
screen Morrissey attacked shocking
tribute but but look at that bizarre
interview is it bizarre to talk about
Tommy Robinson being sent to prison for
13 months is that bizarre or is the
underlying fact bizarre is Morrissey
bizarre for talking about him
the Sun newspapers talking about it
everyone in the UK is talking about the
people around the world are talking
about said bizarre let me read some more
put that back up on the screen if you
please I just want to show people that
I'm that I'm I'm gonna read you what
Morrissey said but I'm gonna read you
how it was spun and I think it's very
interesting to look at the comparison in
a rant you see that that's the deck
which is called the sub-headline the
deck in a Rance above the loss of free
speech Morrissey defended the EDL
founder and described his treatment as
shocking is it a rant a rant implies
madness unhinge admits
dis temperates intemperate off-key
off-balance rant how does the Sun know
if it was a rant the Sun didn't do the
interview
this magazine tremor whatever did I
don't know if it was a live interview or
by email a rant a rant about the loss of
free speech you'd think the Sutton would
have a real interest in defending free
speech don't you think they're a tabloid
in fact the son got into some trouble
didn't they for their vigorous use of
free speech the son loves free speech
for the son the son thinks it's a
bizarre rants when you're defending free
speech for Tommy Robinson I bet if you
took a poll of the son's readers most of
them support Tommy Robinson
let's keep reading this proved that back
up their former Smiths frontman
Morrissey has defended Tommy Robinson
and described his treatment as shocking
in another controversial interview is it
not shocking that a man is picked up on
the streets by six officers seven
officers and within hours is in prison
is that not shocking if that is not
shocking to you then you are numb a
controversial interview well we
certainly won't want anything
controversial in the pages of the Sun
they're very pristine that way aren't
they let me read some more in a rant
about the loss of free speech Morsi also
reiterated his support for far-right
political party for Britain founded by
anti Islam activist anna marie waters
I'm pretty familiar with for Britain and
and with anne-marie Waters not that it's
relevant to her politics but I suppose
everything is these days she's a a
lesbian activist feminist but I guess
because she doesn't like the rape of
indigenous British girls at the hands of
Pakistani Muslim rankings that makes her
far-right do you know who anne-marie
Watters is she and she rented leadership
of you Kipp didn't get it she started
her own party called for Britain can you
really be far-right if you're a feminist
leftist on social policies lesbian who
just doesn't like girls being raped by
my is that is that far-right or said is
that the son is that the son demonizing
people its own viewers support can you
show more of that website just put it up
there please and scroll down a little
bit the outspoken singer defended Tommy
Robinson in this latest bizarre rant
yeah you've said bizarre and rant now
several times in the bizarre rants you
just can't stop saying that I can't end
up bizarre rant the singer also said I
don't think the word racist does any
meaning anymore well you know what a
profound man I tell you this Morris he's
a poet he's a philosopher and a zucchini
observer if it's almost a rebuttal to
what he knew the son would say because
if you're calling and Greek waters
far-right you've pretty
beaten the living daylights out of that
word so it doesn't mean anything any
more he claimed the party has been
dismissed by the mainstream media with
the usual childish racist accusation
adding I don't think the word racist
it's any meaning anymore it's almost as
if he knew what the son was gonna say
but here's what really gets me Robinson
the founder of the English Defence
League live-streamed himself for an hour
on Facebook live identifying defendants
in a live court case last month
well yes tommy was the founder of the
English Defence League years ago and
Tommy left the English Defence League
when he detected that it was becoming
increasingly racially intolerant and
Tommy is no racist imagine abandoning an
organisation you found it they don't
mention that that he quitted for that
reason they still hang it around his
neck because they think it means they
tagged him his racist is the son not
exactly proving what Morrissey said and
as you know because you follow it more
closely than the fools of the son do
tommy identified the defendants by name
at a live court case last month and so
did the British Broadcasting Corporation
and every other media in the UK
Tommy's identified the defendants by
name by reading a web page of the BBC
the item goes on and on I didn't do a
proper count I think the words bizarre
rant and rant probably Moran inside they
probably appear I don't know eight times
in that article I think that article
says as much about the Sun as it does
about Tommy and Morrissey doesn't it
actually learned about Morrissey that
he's not afraid to say things that he is
politically incorrect and doesn't give a
damn and that he follows dissidents
political activists quite closely and
marine waters Tommy Robinson and that
he's a true contrarian not these fake
showbiz lovey's as they're called in the
UK who are very edgy by coming out
against global warming before stepping
into their private jet
admit I like Morrissey I'm glad I did
not discover Morrissey when I was a
teenager I don't think I could have
handled the emo angst but there's two
songs that come to mind when I think of
Tommy Robinson and working-class Brits
especially the working-class British
girls as young as 11 who are
systematically targeted for exploitation
and extortion and rape by Muslim rape
gangs and more importantly how the five
P professionals in the UK respond to
them the police the politicians the
press the prosecutors and the
professor's and you just saw a case of
the press here the son can i play for
you will you indulge me
can I play for you two short clips from
some Smith's songs actually the delay
the second one is from Morrissey himself
the first one is an excerpt from more
soot from the Smiths song called
lifeguards sleeping girl drowning that
was written decades ago but would you
not agree with me
should be the lifeguards in the United
Kingdom today are sleeping and that
hundreds of thousands of girls are
drowning here played the short clip
I don't know if you heard that
please don't worry there'll be no fuss
she was nobody's nothing you know she
was just so irritating anyway she was
nobody's nothing to worry about it I'm
whenever I think of Chelsea right the
young mum from Sunderland who went to a
bar next thing she knew she woke up in a
house with five migrants from Syria in
Iraq and two different DNA samples in
her and the and the police didn't care
and the prosecutors didn't care and the
press didn't care the professors didn't
care and the politicians didn't care and
she was nobodies nothing I mean she was
just Chelsea right from Sunderland it's
not like she was fancy or anything I
mean she was nobodies nothing I think
that Morrissey understands the
working-class Brits who Tommy speaks for
let me play another clip for you from
Morrissey this is one of his latest
songs came out just a few months ago
where he takes on the lying media he
takes on the BBC the son this is a funny
title it's called spent the day in bed
listen to what he says about the media
take a look
because
contrives to frighten you
feel small
I love that I love that stop watching
the news because the news contrives to
frighten you to make you feel small and
alone to make you feel that your mind
isn't your own you said not the truth
that your mind is in your own and to
scold you for your thoughts thought
police word police as we discussed the
other day there are my evening show at
8:00 p.m. Eastern there are now more
than 900 officers with the Metropolitan
Police that's the name of the main
police force in London 900 plus police
there do nothing but track down hate
that's a human emotion by the way 900
so when Morrissey says to make you feel
that your mind isn't your own I think
he's talking about them he's talking
about the Sun and the other newspapers
who disparage anyone who talks about
free speech calling it a bizarre rant
and if you support Tommy that's
controversial and he's just a racist
very frustrating very frustrating it's
12 14 we're doing a live chat it's a
super chat let me read a few comments
and then I'm gonna shift gears I have to
tell you that made me enormous ly sad
which is a side effect of listening to
Morrissey his songs are about betrayal
and longing and broken hearts and
frustration and pain it's not a good
thing for teenagers to wallow in I don't
think I'm glad I didn't discover until I
was in my 20s but when I think of what I
have learned about the United Kingdom I
understand where that comes from and I
think Morrissey has his finger on the
pulse of the UK more so than most
politicians you know what I'm going to
do this i quoting from the Sun was a
good idea because I wanted to show you
how how the mainstream media disparaged
Tommy but I'm actually going to pull up
here on my own screen and maybe my
friends
can get it on screen for you I'm sorry
I'm just searching for this in real time
let me read some other comments he made
that the son ignored okay so I'm getting
this from Far Out magazine code UK that
was the magazine op tremor maybe my
friends can can call that up it's far
out magazine Cody Cain I'm sorry I'm I'm
throwing this at you here yeah that's
the one
former Smiths frontman Morrissey has
further elaborated on his political
ideas and seemingly offered support the
far-right activist an EDL founder Tommy
Robinson again far-right controversial
scroll down a little bit says in a new
interview with Fiona Dodd well on tremor
Morsi is further elaborated on his
political stance and explained how he's
supporting a party known as for Britain
which is being led by a marine waters
quote I've been following a new party
called for Britain which is led by Emery
waters it is the first time in my life
that I will vote for a political party
finally I have hope I find the Tory
laboratory liberal constant switching to
be pointless isn't that isn't that true
let me read some more I want to read
some more because he talks about
Margaret Thatcher in an interesting way
he says anne-marie water seeks open
discussion about all aspects of modern
Britain whereas other parties will not
allow diverse opinion it's not true it's
obvious he's talking about the spicy
issues immigration Islam she is like a
humanist I love this part she is like a
humane version of Thatcher if such a
concept could be she is absolute leader
ship she doesn't read from his script
she believes in British heritage freedom
of speech and she wants everyone in the
UK to live under the same law
I find this compelling now because it's
very obvious the Labour or the Tories do
not believe in free speech I mean look
at the shocking treatment of Tommy
Robinson and then maybe just let me read
it just one more line I know that mean
you don't want a murmuring waters and
they try to smear her but they are wrong
and they should give her a chance and
they should stop accusing people who
want open debate as being racist as I
as I said previously the left has become
right wing and the right wing has become
left a complete switch and this is a
very unhappy modern Britain I would put
it to you these are very smart and
thoughtful man would you not would you
not agree with me on that and I'm sorry
I went I showed you the Sun and I'm glad
I showed you the Sun just the pure
sneering derision the sneering derision
at Tommy Robinson at Morrissey and
indirectly at their own readers of that
tabloid but I wanted to read you from a
more primary source I actually didn't go
to tremor the you the original source of
me knew you but you'll notice what the
Sun excluded that Morris he's frustrated
with Tory laboratory labor and he makes
a good case for it and that both the
Tories and labour do not believe in free
speech I think he's correct
Emmett he's certainly a fan of Ann Marie
waters and he says well least she talks
about things openly diverse opinions
look how he uses the word diverse Justin
Trudeau Teresa may they use the word
diverse they mean okay do we have this
ethnic group in that religious group
Morrissey means diverse opinions can we
actually have a debate with two sides
I love Morrissey as much for his
political thoughts I don't agree with
everything he's a vegetarian I'm not
he's an independent thinker he's what
rock stars pretend to be but so rarely
are is there anything more corporate or
more establishment than u2 and Bono even
their tax schemes to avoid tax
everything offshore Holdings I mean
that's the least of it I mean there's
nothing more establishment than a modern
rock star Morrissey is actually saying
dangerous ideas dangerous to his career
dangerous to the mainstream media all
right I'll stop talking about Morrissey
but I wanted to tell you that that's a
guy who thinks and of course he's
demonized all right it's 12 19 and I get
sad when I think of Tommy Robertson in
the state of the UK and Morrissey I
should not talk about those three things
together let's get back to this side of
the pond
I guess we're still on the topic of
media party that's what I call the
political media industrial complex to
pretend that they don't have an agenda
of their own a narrative of their own a
party discipline of their own I think is
to delude yourself I think the media
party some people called the mainstream
media the lamestream meanie the fake
stream media no I think it's more like a
political party they have an ideology
they whip themselves with party
discipline they campaign more
effectively than most political parties
they certainly have bigger budgets and
bigger reach than political parties the
media party despises Donald Trump of
course because he did not seek
permission to become president and in
fact went around them and they will
never forgive him for that the media
party all love Donald Trump before he
ran for president they loved his
celebrity status they loved his glamour
they loved his wealth they loved his
access to media and celebrities he loved
his TV shows whether was his beauty
pageants or his apprentice or whatever
they only hated him when he left the
political narrative out of the corner of
my eye I see a super Chuck come in let
me read it
Luther Bob says I know George Soros is a
billionaire but how can he be allowed to
control so much of the world politics
well I think one of the answers is he
shows up this there are billionaires on
the right but they're too busy doing
business see things George Soros has
deployed an enormous amount of his
fortune to politics and I interviewed
the other day a man named David Goldman
who just returned from Hungary and he
reminds us how much money George Soros
has spent in Hungary compared to the
size of that country I'm going from
memory here but the proportion like
Hungary is smaller than America and then
how much sources spent it would be as if
and if I'm going from memory correct me
if I'm not precise on this it would be
as if Soros spent 60 billion dollars in
the United States in the last election
as opposed to the two billion Hillary
spent that's how dominant George Soros
is in Hungary imagine trying to fight
that I mean you you throw a billion
dollars around in North America
or in the United Kingdom you're gonna
have enormous political impact but
imagine spending that kind of money in a
small country like Hungary and George
Soros collects small countries he
sponsors protests he sponsors the
migrant wave he sponsors outright
revolutions so yeah I think the answer
to your question is he shows up and our
team often doesn't but back to the media
party in North America I want to show
Hugh just just how crazy Trump
derangement syndrome can be it's not
just attached to Donald Trump himself
it's attached to Trump's wife Melania
Trump who is so politically inoffensive
I have never heard a political word from
her Michelle Obama was always
pontificating about this or that
even her nonpartisan work was
ideological in nature trying to make
kids eat her version of food and I say
this real war on kids food or something
no chicken McNuggets no pizza no burgers
I don't know um
Melania Trump have you ever heard a word
from her about politics of course not
but she's despised even though she's
supermodel who is inoffensive and again
was the toast of the town until Trump
became president he's despised now
because she's seen as an accessory to
Trump or if not an accessory she's cast
as some sort of victim let me show you a
clip from just last night on Stephen
Colbert's show because Melania Trump had
not bent the knee to the media party has
not come and chatted with them for a
while so they let their conspiracy
theories or truthers their Melania
truthers here's Stephen Colbert
you know we saw so much happen over the
past week but one thing we did not see
was first lady Melania Trump because as
of the time were taping this show right
now the first lady has not been seen in
public for 25 days well I'm not
surprised it took that shawshank guy
years to tunnel out
here is here is here's the deal last
month as we all know the first lady
underwent what they called minor surgery
they say she's perfectly fine and I
certainly hope that's true and they
claim she came home to the White House
Trump even welcomed her back in a tweet
in which he accidentally called her
Melanie not really awkward I think
that's more of an autocorrect function
but what is a little bit awkward is this
bizarre obsession about Melania Trump
and why is she not bowing before the
media party she had kidney surgery so I
haven't had kidney surgery I hope I
never do but it would not surprise me if
I had kidney surgery if I wasn't really
gonna trot out and engage with the
Jackals that's actually not her job
here's some one of the leading jackals
this is from CNN I think this was from
June 3rd take a look speculation
continues to build as to why we've seen
so little of the first lady she's get
the going to Camp David trip with her
husband and step kids this weekend
meaning that the last time we caught a
glimpse of her was on May 10th that's 24
days ago or more than three weeks ago it
was around that time that the first lady
checked in to Walter Reed to undergo a
procedure for what the White House
called a benign kidney condition we were
told there were no complications and
doctors familiar with this operation
operation say it usually is done as an
outpatient procedure however mrs. Trump
stayed in the hospital for nearly a week
before returning back to the White House
and hasn't been seen since
so they acknowledge she was in the
hospital for a full week have you ever
been in the hospital for something so
serious that it takes a full week but
where is she oh and the the insane rumor
mongering and rants in fact Melania
Trump made a public statement about a
week ago here's a tweet that she put out
I see and look at this she put this out
a week ago but that's not enough for the
Jackals I see the media is working
overtime speculating where I am and what
I'm doing
rest assured I'm here at the white house
with my family feeling great and working
hard on behalf of children and the
American people that actually doesn't
read like Milania that reads like a
spokesman millenia would never be so
firm or combative I think that that was
put out by someone who said we've just
got to deal with these insane people if
only they gave as much coverage to
another guy who's been missing for ten
days named Tommy Robinson a couple of
super chats have come in since I was
last reading them let me catch up on
those sir I was distracted by the
Morrissey thing let me catch up here
super chance Tom young John Saros the
face of evil I think so can we can we
get the the clip of Soros from CNN we're
sorry from 60 minutes a couple decades
back when Steve Croft asked George Soros
about his role in rounding up Jews in
the Holocaust we played that a couple of
weeks ago I'm going to show it again
because I think you're right it's the
face of evil and passivity and banality
of evil in the face of evil a power of a
wish says quick Ontario election
prediction how do you think it's going
to turn out forward majority or minority
or will it be orange boy it's tough to
say I'm gonna I'm gonna go with a
conservative majority a PC majority
that's my hunch ah /ot a slap o t /
Satan that's a nickname thanks again for
supporting Tommy let's make Saturday
demo in London huge F the peas you know
what I will talk to our team and see if
we can film it because you're right I
think we would show dyou yesterday the
support Tommy protests in Toronto Canada
which
was a fairly small protest but I found
them very very well-informed and that's
not usual for a protest I hear in my ear
that we have the clip from George Soros
let's play that sorrows clip you know
it's easy for other people to criticize
Soros he's a wealthy and powerful man
and therefore has many critics but I
think the most damning thing I ever
heard about George Soros came from his
own mouth and there was when he was
asked by Steve Croft or 60 minutes you
helped round up Jews for the Nazis you
were a kid at the time the teenager have
you ever lost a minute sleep it's a fair
question I mean your teenager your dad
says we're gonna round up fellow Jews
for the Nazis so we stay alive it's a
pretty awful thing situational ethics in
a war I don't know the right answer off
you know easily but I know the right
answer 20 years later is not to say it
was thrilling it was exciting it was
fine I had no problem with it didn't
lose him in sleep here watch Soros say
so in his own words Hungarian Jew
who escaped the Holocaust by posing as a
Christian right and you watched
people get shipped off to the death camp
so that was 14 years old and I would say
that that's when my character was made
in what way that one should think ahead
one should understand and and anticipate
events and one one is threatened it was
a tremendous threat of evil I mean it
was a very personal experience of evil
my understanding is is that you went out
with this protector of yours who swore
that you were his adopted godson yes yes
when I would in fact and helped in the
confiscation of property from the Jews
that site yes I mean that's that sounds
like an experience that would send lots
of people to the psychiatric couch for
many many years was it difficult no not
at all not at all it may be as a child
you don't you don't see the connection
but it was it created no no problem at
all no feeling of guilt know for example
that I'm Jewish
and Here I am watching these people go I
could just as easily be there I should
be there none of that
well a of course I could I could be on
the other side or I could be the one
from whom it the thing it's being taken
away but there was no sense that I
shouldn't be there because that was
well actually funny way it's just like
in markets that if I weren't there of
course I wasn't doing it but somebody
else would be taking it away anyhow
University whether I was there or not I
was only a spectator the property was
being taken away so I had no role in
taking away that property so I had no
sense of guilt that was part of what
Soros did back then
I think it's probably accurate that he
himself as a teenager did not seize
Jewish property on behalf of the Nazis
but that's not all he did he wrote a
bicycle giving summonses to the Jews to
report to the trains to be sent to the
death so that in fact he took a very
active role in one of his uh biographies
I would I forget which one he said it
was actually the most exciting time of
his life imagine saying that the most
exciting time of your life do you see
his cold-bloodedness his heartlessness
where he said was just a market I mean
if I didn't do it someone else would
because that's business for you yeah
it's just a business deal
that's George Soros I want to take a
very short break because I want to
totally shift gears and I just want to
change the tempo a little bit I'm still
upset frankly with how Morrissey who
spoke out so strongly for freedom and
diversity is being pilloried by a blue
collar tabloid that is what makes me
sick about it let's have a palate
cleanser let's say I want to play for
you a short promotion for one of our
shows here the rebels called
off-the-cuff Declassified it's hosted by
our friend John Cardillo take a look
today an off-the-cuff Declassified
disgraced former FBI director Andrew
McCabe wants immunity in exchange for
Senate testimony I'm gonna tell you why
I think he should not yet it turns out
Barack Obama misled America on Iran more
than we ever thought today marks the
74th anniversary of d-day the Normandy
invasion I'm gonna review some
incredible tweets from the 82nd Airborne
Division
that morning and the Virginia State
Police had what I think is probably
their most unusual car chase in maybe
ever that strong Cardillo that's one of
our many hosts here at the rebel we have
all sorts of YouTube videos and we have
shows behind our $8 month pay wall as
well it's something to consider if you
like in-depth commentary of this sort
you just can't find anywhere else I want
to shift gears to Canada now I'm based
in Canada but really for the last 10
days we've been talking overwhelmingly
about Tommy Robinson's case in the UK
but I do so not only because we have a
connection to Tommy he's a former
employee of ours but because we care
about freedom of speech and we see
what's happening in the United Kingdom
as a like a canary in the coal mine the
distant early warning signal maybe not
so distant of what's coming to Canada
and the United States the United States
has his first amendment which is quite a
strong protection for free speech the
United Kingdom in Canada don't I put it
to you that Tommy's troubles with the
law are overwhelmingly rooted in free
speech and the fact that he's
challenging policies he doesn't like and
if the UK had something like the First
Amendment he would not be in jail right
now and he would not have been harassed
so much over the last 10 years as he has
been harassed by his own government I
want to shift to a Canadian story but
first thing I take some more comments on
the right-hand side of the screen you
see screaming comments I'm just gonna
read some random ones if you want yours
to stand out feel free to chip in you
can spend two bucks five bucks I've even
seen people put in 50 bucks as a super
chat contribution that makes your chat
bigger it sticks it to the top and it
makes it in bright colors and the good
news is we hear the red will get those
revenues from YouTube so it helps us
keep the lights on I'm just going to
read a few things Andrea Hetherington
says fritto mean yeah well listen
there's there's only two ways Tommy's
going to get out of jail to be freed one
is when his sentence expires now in the
United Kingdom they have a version of
they call it tag we use the word parole
here in Canada I think it's the same in
the states so you don't generally serve
every day of your sentence unless you're
being very badly made then I can't
imagine
Tommy would be badly behaved in prison
so in a 13-month sentence he may get out
in half the time
for example or perhaps even less the
other way he could get out early is if
there were an appeal of his conviction
and if he was granted bail pending that
appeal but I have to say these rallies
will not have a legal effect on him I
think they're important these rallies I
support them and we were delighted to
cover the rally in Toronto but you can't
free someone from jail with the rally
there has to be something else a legal
inquiry perhaps a government inquiry but
but the protests I think they're
excellent but what we really need I
think is a legal appeal my q1 found
10,000 Tommy deserves a knighthood not a
jail term yeah I think profits are
reviled in their own time aren't they
Jake right I think the police are going
to make Tommy do the 13 months because
they want him off the streets it's not
the police who would make that decision
it's others involved with the prisons
itself there's different authorities I
don't know if they if if they can do
that I don't know if they can make a
prisoner of the full term if they are
well behaved in prison I think that that
will not happen
Tommy na bacin I'm taking you not a fan
says John Malcolm he had a smoking gun
in his hand no solicitor anywhere on the
planet would advise him to plead not
guilty well I don't know if you're a
lawyer but here's what I do know the
lawyer Tommy had in Leeds was assigned
to him moments before did not know Tommy
did not know his history did not know
the case he went through in Canterbury a
year ago for contempt of court did not
know though the intricacies of the law
of contempt of court so we don't know
what a properly briefed lawyer would
have advised they properly informed
client we just don't know the
to that there's a super chat from emos
--is nifo I don't see a comment attached
to it but if you have something you
Moses I'll keep an eye peeled and I'll
read it
Genie pieces mega red pills indeed oh
here we go
mark elegy 200 Swedish kronor thank you
a photo appeared on the Internet we've
got that photo can we call up that photo
and show our viewers of Judge Jeffrey
Marcin laughing at the nearby window as
Tomi Robinson has been arrested is it
illegal for the judge to be witness of a
crime and to pronounce sentencing on
that crime we'll call up that photo
we've shown in several times I would
give you a gentle correction and then I
would answer your question as you'll see
in the photo we don't know that the
judge is laughing I don't think the
photo is that clear and even if in that
moment a judge looked like he was
laughing or smiling I don't think that
we can make that extrapolation or
conclusion where we use that for what
put that photo up as soon as we find it
but that is the curiosity of the obscure
law of contempt of court where the judge
him or herself is the offended one the
complainant the aggrieved one and the
judge him or herself then meets out a
verdict as we've discussed several times
on the show
in most litigation you have a pro and a
con a prosecution and in the accused
defendant a plaintiff and the defendant
in contempt of court the same judge who
is mad about something who observed
something he found contemptuous then
judges that very matter including when
he's still hot and bothered by it I
think that's a weakness in the law in
Canterbury we were able to get Tommy out
of jail for a week or two so the judge
had a chance to cool down a bit
not so in Leeds the judge would we have
that do we have that photo it's coming
up in one minute we'll put it up when we
have it the judge went from observed
there we go I don't think you can say
the judge is laughing I don't think you
can say that based on that photo even if
he looked like he was laughing in fact I
think he would be the
I don't think the judge would be
laughing I think he would be scowling
because he certainly was well to use the
word thought that the judge himself was
being treated with contempt but that's
my point
what were those two other people telling
the judge what were they whispering in
his ear we don't know in a more an
irregular trial you that would be
disclosed those witnesses would be
called what did you say
did you exaggerate what Tommy had done
did you even lie did you make something
up do you have an animosity towards
Tommy were you out to get him who said
who told you to do that what's your
feelings about Tommy and we don't even
know who they are
have you ever written or said anything
against Tom and you have a history with
Tommy we don't know anything about that
in a normal court case we would hear
what those witnesses have to say but
here those two people were saying things
for the judge and vice versa and we
simply don't know what was said or done
up there we only know the results Tommy
was thrown into jail shortly thereafter
let's read some more questions on the
super chat and then I'm going to wrap up
with a Canadian story it's 1240 let me
just make sure I got the super chats
Emo's as new folks stop using their
words it is not grooming it's rape by
extortion coming to America soon I've
made that point before grooming sounds
so well Kemp though he saw such a
well-groomed young man look at that
neatly trimmed beard and that good
haircut and he brushed his teeth well
and he's you know wearing a clean shirt
oh he's such a well-groomed yeah
grooming is absolutely a misleading term
and we've described in detail before
what these girls are trapped and tricked
and extorted and exploited and they're
raped again and again and they're
overwhelmingly indigenous white British
girls and Sikh girls too that's what
Morrissey wants to talk about that's
what anne-marie Waters wants to talk
about I'm sorry that doesn't make them
bizarre or controversial in fact it's
controversial not to talk about that
let's read some more comments I have
received comments on my video and after
checking it seems Tommy petition is
being tampered with I'm not sure who to
tell well there's many petitions out
there and I don't know which one you're
referring to Special K says the judge
illegally tried Tommy because he was a
witness it was an illegal trial
now I'm gonna politely disagree with you
the nature of contempt it's a very
unusual animal unlike
regular prosecutions where you have a
crown prosecutors they call it in Canon
the states or the you know district
attorney or the US attorney or whatever
versus the people versus the accused in
contempt of court it's it's it's a
one-man you know God on high on Mount
Olympus throwing down Thunderbolts that
is actually the nature of contempt of
court which is why it's so unusual so it
was not illegal I'm gonna read some more
or Tommy nobis and obviously not a fan
says we can't do the time don't do the
crime well I put it to you no crime is
committed whatsoever
Tommy Robinson committed no crime he was
standing outside the court not on its
own precincts he was talking into a
video not causing a public disturbance
when he read the names of the accused he
did so from the state broadcaster the
BBC he did not say they were convicted
or guilty or criminals even he said they
were alleged accused criminals he did
nothing wrong and he did nothing wrong
for 70 minutes and the judge who tried
the matter did so in a few minutes did
not obviously review the whole material
Justin Bieber says I'm Tommy well I hope
you are because we need more like him
but the thing about Tommy and it was
something we dealt with when he worked
for us here the rebels he always said
his place was out on the streets not in
the studio and this was a bit of a
challenge because a studio was safe as
soon your studio can be edited studio
was careful and planned out on the
street streets things are random and
you're at the mercy of others whether
it's an anti-fog coming up to punch you
or seven policemen arresting you on the
street so Tommy's nature put him at
political risk police risk and the risk
of being attacked I have seen Tommy
being attacked on the public street
several times once he was put in a coma
I didn't see the actual attacks with my
own eyes I'm saying I saw the
photographic or video evidence thereof
is read some more
we'll hey it's the main petition for
Tommy alright well it's not our petition
john zealand the alt left will stop at
nothing until they silence everyone that
stands up for free speech with help from
the media party yeah
drinkin man soros nazis did the same
thing in 1945 they are doing in 2018
it's the same enemy german EU based amy
hi Ezra I'm the woman violently arrested
from my home two days before Tommy's
arrest you came in big trouble free
Tommy oh it's not interesting were you
the video that I don't think you were in
the video we showed the other day but if
you were that's interesting
Kyle Vincent I thought Lucifer is the
light bringer all right well that's
Lucifer comes from the word for light of
course Tami Putin's an Bell says Lucifer
means in today's world are called
globalists well there's different
reasons to be a globalist Mark
Zuckerberg is a globalist because that's
how he makes money he wants to have a
company so big that literally every
human being is plugged into it he
already has two billion of the seven
billion souls on the planet he likes
open borders because he likes cheap
labor he wants to be in you get a cut of
every act of Commerce done in this
entire world and there's also a
messianic complex a god complex when
you're that rich and that powerful when
you collect politicians like playthings
when you're bigger than any elected
official and more enduring than them you
start to think of yourself as a god and
Soros himself has actually confessed to
that god complex which is easy to see
Josh says even Ronald Reagan said the
new fastest will be called anti fascist
that's right he said they'll call
themselves liberals Justin believer says
pedo gangs pedo pedo Gaines that's right
I mean when you're praying when you're
targeting girls as young as 11 it's not
just rape or exploitation it is child's
rape and that's that's the most horrific
thing I think we know of as people
there's some crazy stuff in the comments
to Matt Getty says 30 million Christians
systematically wiped from the earth by
Jews where's the outrage they don't even
teach
cool but we have a new Holocaust story
every year don't talk about red pills
Matt you're full of it that's simply not
true that's just crazy talk it is
accurate to say that that Christians are
being killed but Christians in this
world are being killed largely in two
places in muslim-majority places and
Christians are under duress in China
they're not as cruelly treated as the
felon Gong is but they are under attack
in Muslim countries they used to be
Christian people forget that Egypt used
to be Christian Turkey used to be
Christian Istanbul used to be called
Constantinople I think this is a good
opportunity to remind you that we did a
documentary about the treatment of
Christians in Iraq at the hands of Isis
can we can we show here's a little
sizzle reel or trailer if you like of
our documentary called save the
Christians calm
oh yeah new Galilee moon you should
always love
no planning
back here there are just all children of
God so we just do it we can fix him
show them that we have to take care of
them
yeah so don't give me that BS about Jews
killing Christians that's just a damn
lie
Christians are under attack you know
it's frustrated the other day I saw the
Pope was convenient meeting of global
warming activists
how about convene a meeting of
Christians under duress Coptic
Christians in Egypt Syrian Assyrian
Syriac and Chaldean Christians in places
like Iraq and Syria I think that's what
we need to focus on there's one more
super Chad I missed let me just find it
here dot slash Satan oh you got to
change your nickname online says do you
think it's safe to go to the demo for
kids you're talking with the
demonstration this weekend in London
look I've seen some pretty rough demos
in the UK and it all depends on what the
police want to do about it
I've seen police stand back and let the
beatings happen if they feel politically
motivated I've also seen the police do
an excellent job
I think it's a political question I have
to say I think it would be safe but I
think there's also a very real
possibility that the police might say
you know what this is in support of
Tommy Robinson Tommy's had some good
press lately to free him Tommy's looking
sympathetic in the media Tommy's come
across as a victim
let's give him a bit of a PR black eye
and let a fight get out of hand one of
the things I learned from Tommy and are
you working together was how many times
people tried to infiltrate him and his
inner circle government informants
troublemakers ideological opponents and
many of them were agents provocateurs as
in they would join to say and do
outrageous things within the EDL to
provoke a riot to embarrass Tommy and I
believe that is absolutely the case in
an taifa Soros type groups in the UK but
some of them are just stupid black bloc
handkerchief masked riders but some of
them are
thank we might dress as if they're a
soccer hooligan and exaggerate and go
far and and do a Nazi salute or drink
beer and do something really
embarrassing because that's more
effective to embarrass Tommy than just
doing the anti-bush stick they would do
both so in answer to your question very
specifically I would not take a child of
tender years I would take a teenager or
a very serious and grave tween but I
would also be on high alert if police
were of the mood that things have been
going too well PR wise for Tommy and a
good riot could stop that don't you
agree
don't you agree I see some more super
chests as quickly read them prim pal oh
wait says I wonder how many lesser-known
people are being put through the same
sort of thing as Tommy's undergone huh
well I'm of two minds on that on the one
hand I would think what's being done to
Tommy is in some ways exceptional I
think that the targeting of him is
obvious and it's disproportionate so
part of me thinks while they're treating
him worse than anyone else but the other
part of me says well how would I know
how would we know when you swept up off
the streets and thrown into jail within
hours and a press publication bans put
on top but how would we even know and
remember the UK is the land of something
so bizarre it's called the super
injunction
an injunction banning publication on
something and then a super injunction
banning the publication about news about
the band so a ban on reporting about a
ban that I'm not making that up only in
the land of George Orwell would that be
made up
Fraser McBurney says since the UK have a
Freedom of Information Law can you get
the costs on tracking Tommy Robinson how
many cops does it take to watch Tommy
Robinson the answer is yes the UK does
have a Freedom of Information Law but
like that law in every jurisdiction
there are exemptions and I would imagine
just off the top of my head that there
would be exemptions that would reveal
police operational details or even
ongoing police operations so I am quite
sure that any requests on that would be
heavily redacted that's just my sense
let's check the time as 1253 you know I
was going to talk about a NAFTA
discussion between Canada the United
States I just don't think we have time
to get into that I think what I'll do in
the remaining seven minutes is I'll read
some more chats and do my best to answer
them if you have only joined us now I
would recommend that you go and read
Morrissey's interview not the extracts
that were in the Sun or even in that
secondary source I read but go-to tremor
the original publication and read
Morrissey's comments to me that was a
highlight of the show today a little
glimmer of hope that there is still a
true rock star who is a contrarian who
speaks truth to power who isn't just
about picking up awards and doing air
kisses and being one of the lobbies on
the on the BBC Morrissey is that guy
maybe it's because of his general enemy
and his pessimism maybe that makes him
more open to accepting the message tommy
has rather than foolish folks who want
to just simply amuse themselves to death
I'll let sir read some more comments
someone with the name Simon Horowitz
says Jesus did not exist first of all I
think that's a fake name I think you're
an agent provocateur trying to embarrass
the Jews by having a Jewish name saying
something so antithetical to Christians
but that's a stupid thing to say because
of course we know for a fact that Jesus
exists he was a historical figure and he
was a Jew by the way and the Jews do not
dispute the Jesus exists there's a
theological difference of opinion
that's quite fundamental between Jews
who say that Jesus existed but was not
the Messiah and Christians who say Jesus
existed and he was the Messiah but there
is no person either religious or atheist
either theological or archaeological who
disputes that Jesus existed why would
you even say such a stupid thing
in fact if you read the Quran the Quran
makes mention of Jesus they call him
Issa and they changed the story quite a
bit as they
for Ibrahim Abraham Musa Moses and
others but that's just a foolish comment
there
Allen McCluskey our government is very
childish and will try and discredit
Tommy yeah and I don't think it's
childishness I think it's the opposite I
think it's but they're dead serious
about them they don't like the turn of
events they didn't think it would be
such a noisy fight for Tommy let me just
see Andrew burçak Israel is defending
democracy in the Middle East
well Israel really is the only operative
democracy in the Middle East there are
some elements of democracy in Lebanon
there's some elements of local democracy
in places like Jordan Iraq has a broken
democracy and I think that's just about
it so yeah not just democracy but even
more important than the democratic act
of voting the day to day civil liberties
you know when I was in Israel I toured
the security barrier the fence the wall
whatever you want to call it it's
actually a wall and only one one or two
percent of its length and there have
been plenty of lawsuits by Palestinian
groups to change the route of the law
and every single lawsuit I'm talking
there's being like 20 of them has been
to have the Palestinians on the Israeli
side of the fence on the Jewish side of
the fence not on the side controlled by
the Palestinian Authority what does it
say to you that every time a Palestinian
Sue's about the fence he wants to be
with the Jews well of course because
they have civil liberties let alone the
welfare state and they're allowed to
drink alcohol if they wanted they don't
have to worry about honor killings and
things like that so yeah I agree with
you on that
it's 1257 let's read some more Frazier
McBurney takes 21 cops to watch one
jihadi so that would be 6,500 a week at
least to watch Tommy well you does take
about 20 cops to watch one person around
the clock and you've got 23,000 G
Hattie's in the UK so you know I can
tell you right now there are not half a
million cops watching the jihadi said
it's just it's a ticking time bomb there
I remember Tommy did some videos for us
once when he was followed around all day
in Luton by a police car and Tommy went
up to the cop and talked him Tommy was
pretty polite but he filmed that Tommy
implied that the cop was chasing him to
sort of hound Tommy maybe but I actually
think the police can pick Tommy up any
second they want to I mean they know
where he lives they they probably track
his car either through his cell phone or
it wouldn't surprise me one bit if they
put a GPS chip in his car he's Tommy
Robinson they have various I mean he's a
high-interest of them no I believe that
that day that the cop was falling around
Tommy and I think I might have said this
to him I believe they were falling
around Tommy because they were worried
he was going to be killed in fact near
the end of Tommy's freedom I remember
you told me he was in Europe I think he
was in Germany or Italy and the cops
came to his house and stayed overnight
because there was a credible threat to
his family so it's a strange
relationship with the cops and Tommy
half the time they're there to throw him
in jail half the time they're there to
keep him out of the ground and he's an
inconvenient man for them and for the
same reason he's inconvenient for the
islamists because he speaks truth to
power he talks about uncomfortable
truths and too many people don't want to
hear and that the son the tabloid son
newspaper that nothing is too gross or
base or profane for them
well Tommy is they turn up their noses
at Tommy
you wouldn't think the son is a snobby
newspaper would you but when it comes to
Tommy they sure are and I think that
says a lot more about them than it says
about Tommy
it's 1259 I appreciate you joining us
for today we're going to wrap up in a
moment for those of you who want to see
more of our produced shows every night
at 8 p.m. Eastern Time
I have a show called the Ezra Levin show
we have other shows like John Carr
dillos and should the gun read and other
shows we have great YouTube content
we've been talking a lot about Tommy
Robinson and I think we're going to dial
that down a little
over the days ahead because it's just
not news every single day on things
I thought the Morrissey News was
interesting I'll talk to our team to see
what we can do about covering the rally
in the UK this in London this Saturday I
think that's important for us to do and
we do have a couple of folks on the
ground there so I think we should do
that that's it for today it looks like
it's one o'clock and on behalf of all of
us here at rebel world headquarters to
you at home around the world wherever
you are
good bye and keep fighting for freedom
you
