we've had quite interesting episode here
in Australia in the past week or two
about language especially the term white
flight now partition is known to like
Luke Foley he used the term to describe
a very real trend he was seeing where in
his electorate where basically working
white families were moving out of big
city suburbs because they'll be coming
increasingly dominated by ethnic groups
mainly Arab the nation the episode shows
how difficult it is today to have honest
conversations about race instead of
attempting to respond to the clear
evidence of the trend he was showing
there was a chorus of hate both from the
left and and many on the right
criticizing for even using the term
white flight which they described as
divisive and race baiting now I work in
some of the areas in in Sydney that
Foley was talking about areas that are
now dominated by Muslim refugees and
many other unskilled ethnic groups now
useful term to help understand what's
going on here is one called solastalgia
it means where home no longer feels like
home and this is exactly what's
happening right across the Western world
for many groups and in fact many people
who've voted yes for brexit described
exactly this as why it's a neighborhoods
where their families had lived for
generations well and recognizable so
engulfed by people's symbols rituals but
completely foreign to the native
population now look I'm all for
diversity and controlled rates of
immigration don't get me wrong I'm a
Bangladeshi immigrants elf but the point
Foley's making is one that applies
across the Western world where people
are not going to accept rapid change in
the neighborhoods essentially being
transformed by high rates of immigration
from countries often with very different
cultures now the term white flag was
first used in 1950s America to describe
European drived groups moving away from
racially mixed inner city areas it now
describes trends varying from some
ethnic segregation in our schools to
migration of whites from crime ridden
African countries no cities like London
Toronto and New York in some ways have
probably shifted long shifted or
demographic where you had an inner ring
of knowledge worker
financial workers plutocrats and the
rest of the city often people fighting
it outs migrants and ordinary workers
just fighting it out often wear it
amongst high property prices and
crumbling infrastructure I mean that's
certainly the situation in in parts of
Australia big cities like Sydney and
Melbourne so this white flight actually
challenges one of the big ideas of the
post brexit Trump analysis of the white
working-class you know and among some
big-name writers like John Williams in
America David good heart and Britain and
what their argue is the groups that we
thought with the most rooted to place
the ones that were I guess least likely
to move from where their families have
lived for a very long time and this is
especially where communities forge
through work shared interests and
technology actually dilute our
geographically based identity so at
first glance this sort of white flight
lead actually kind of offers hope at
least for policymakers because it
challenge of facting industrialized
economies is that it's unrealistic for
people to suddenly you know uplift and
go to wherever the jobs are and leave
you know places where generations have
lived but if they are willing to move
perhaps yesterday's blue-collar worker
same factories might actually be
tomorrow's pink collar employee in the
caring sector but unfortunately reality
is not so promising now the moves less
about work and more about recreating a
sense of place somewhere that can
reassert their culture in a more
sympathetic environment now the trend is
real and fighting over the words is not
going to help anyone and in fact creates
a space for more extreme groups if you
liked this video please subscribe to
rebel media I'm tanveer Ahmed
you
