mommy's in jail but look at who's
getting out of jail
this guy enjambed chattering extremists
calls for the overthrow of democracy in
the United Kingdom to be replaced by
Sharia law says the Queen should be
forced to wear a head jab says
Westminster should be turned into a
mosque Chowdhury was jailed for inciting
support for Isis the terrorist group
yeah no kidding but that was so long ago
I'm sure he's reformed I mean that was
way way back in September of 2016 so
yeah he's been in prison for more than a
year and I mean talk about barbaric
treatment we're almost as bad as Isis
itself a year and a half I kid you not
charity will be released imminently
Canada isn't the only place that needs
truth in sentencing a Chad we got a five
year prison term he's served what a
third of it and he'll be out in a flash
tommy is still in jail that's a fitting
metaphor isn't at Tommy in jail child
rehab but as you can see that article
about Anjem Choudary least he's just one
of a hundred and ninety-three
convicted terrorists in the UK half of
whom were about to be released back onto
the streets of the UK let me read a
little bit here's the bullet points the
mail online police are facing a surge in
number of convicted terrorists released
from prison over 40% of sentences handed
down over ten years will be spent by end
of year eighty of 193 prison terms
issued for terror offences it's a typo
there between 2007 and 2016 will right
now but true number of releases could be
even higher as prisoners are eligible to
be freed halfway through their sentences
you see what's even the point what's the
point
according to British authorities there
are 23,000 not 23 23,000 jihadis on the
loose in the UK just to be clear those
are the people who the Brits say are
ready to commit terrorist violence
that's not even including anyone who
would just want to see the results
burkas on every woman's Sharia law of
the land but
who wouldn't necessarily kill for these
23,000 well here's how the prestigious
Times newspaper puts it about 3,000
people from the total group or a judge
to pose a threat and are under
investigation or active monitoring in
500 operations being run by police and
intelligence services the 20,000 others
have featured in previous inquiries and
a category is posing a residual risk oh
that's comforting I better keep that
Tommy Robinson locked up that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levante show no one leaves behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews a day and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
