new figures show that between 2016 and
2017 nine out of ten crimes in the UK
went completely unsolved new figures
have been released and the Daily Mail
and the mirror are reporting today that
these figures show that between 2016 and
2017 only eleven point six percent of
crimes actually went solved actually
were dealt with by the police salt and
dealt with and both line drawn eleven
point six so the mayor is reporting nine
in ten crimes are never solved as police
forces buckle under brutal Tory cuts of
course Tory cuts are happening sometimes
cuts have to happen because spendings
too high and we all know how useless the
government is at spending money in a
sensible way I mean we spent billions on
foreign aid millions upon millions on
diversity projects and this that and the
other you know that the government we
all know should be taking it down to the
bare basics but as a result of
overspending we're now making cuts and
the police don't have the resources they
need but I think there's more to the
story than Tory cuts but we'll talk
about that in a minute the mirror says
the shocking figure is a drop of 26
percent and statistics also revealed a
postcode lottery on the number of cases
officers are closing across England
Wales and Northern Ireland so not only
is it 9 in 10 crime never goes never
gets solved the game worse over the last
year before these statistics it was a
drop of 26 percent as massive massive
shadow home secretary Diane Abbott Diane
heparin said the figures show
austerity policies are impacting safety
and justice in our communities she said
quote cash-strapped forces are
struggling to meet the demands of
soaring crime
you simply cannot protect the public on
the cheap yep and Diane Abbott wants to
give approximately a hundred and fifty
Kuan trillion pounds to the police
service or about ten pounds each if
you're counting per police officer with
an annual bonus of five hundred thousand
pounds a year great offer from Miss
Diana Baur
our future homes
secretary anyway last year figures
showed that nine in ten this is a new
statistic by the way last year figures
also showed that nine in ten home
burglary investigations were closed
without a suspect being identified our
home office statistics showed that out
of the forty four thousand three hundred
and sixty three burglary cases recorded
in England and Wales almost 90 percent
of them ended without a suspect being
identified I know people in London who
were burgled and they told me the police
came around and said ah sorry nothing we
can do we'll never find him that's what
the police has come to now and it's not
just London is it's across England and
Wales burglaries just go completely
uninvestigated they never find out in
the case of the Metropolitan Police
Deputy Assistant Commissioner mark
Simmons said the force was working with
fewer officers and less money now of
course this is partly because of Tory
cuts but it's not helped by the bad
priorities of many police forces across
the UK look at Suffolk police for
instance this article here is shocking
in May a hundred and fifty seven
thousand pounds were set aside for Chief
Constable Gareth Wilson's plan for a new
diversity strategy the police Oracle
says Chiefs want new diversity strategy
to be start of step change some 157
thousand pounds were spent on the design
Suffolk Chief Constable Gail Wilson has
been leading on policing --zz new
diversity strategy which was hailed as
hugely important by policing Minister
Nick heard last month and on top of
Suffolk police is a hundred and fifty
seven thousand pound mental plan put
straight from their mentor ideas machine
and then the the Met Police the
Metropolitan Police of London have 900
hate crime specialists working in London
alone and the police keep wearing high
heels for some reason what's going on
is it too much to ask the police to just
do their job really am I being
unreasonable here am I crazy for
thinking the police should be out there
fighting crime my crazy for thinking the
police shouldn't we sat here tip tapping
away on the computers on Twitter looking
for people saying mean things am i mad
I mean web police forces are spending
hundreds of thousands of pounds on
diversity projects like in Suffolk and
when the Metropolitan Police announces
that vme back and ethnic minority
officers will be rising in the ranks in
order to make the police more
representative of London and the fact
that the the Met is consulting lawyers
to seek a legal path to improve
diversity in the force and when the
police are tottering around in high
heels taller than Teresa Mays and when
the police are afraid of arresting
ethnic minorities and using stop in
search of because of fear of being
branded racist is it any wonder that
nine in ten crimes go completely
unsolved if you want to see more from me
and the rest of the rebel team be sure
to download the brand new app from the
Google Play Store and the Apple App
Store
you
