I'm Ezra Levant it's June 5th and you're
watching battleground welcome back to
battleground and something we do every
day at 12:00 noon eastern time that's
5:00 p.m. in the United Kingdom Luton
Standard Time it's 9:00 a.m. on the west
coast of North America what do we do we
talk about the news of the day for the
last week and a half we've been focused
on our friend Tommy Robinson he used to
be a reporter here at the rebel until he
was unjustly imprisoned for reporting
outside a rape gang trial in Leeds
United Kingdom we'd be talking about
that a lot I have some more video for
you today that I think will be shocking
to you it's not secret video it's not a
hidden video in fact it's right out
there it's public video from the
Parliament of the United Kingdom a
shocking engagement with YouTube senior
executive being grilled by Labour MPs in
the United Kingdom demanding that they
shut down Tommy's YouTube account I
didn't see this when it came out
originally it's fairly recent I'll show
you footage we'll play it this is from
the UK Parliament we'll play you the
attacks by Labour MPs demanding again
and again and again and shamelessly not
even doing so in private lobbying but
under the glare of spotlights on on
official parliamentary TV demanding that
Google YouTube ban Tommy Robinson you
can imagine that that's the same reason
that Twitter banned Tommy Robinson and
that Facebook has been having a
slow-motion war against Tommy Robinson
I'll show that you later I think I'm
going to show you something else first
just while we let some more viewers come
I see there's 370 watching now 369 I'm
gonna show you we had a little support
Tommy Robinson rally in Toronto and our
own David Menzies went there and I
thought he did a really nice job
reporting on him it was not a large
rally it was a spontaneous get-together
we've got about a two-minute video from
that
you but-first while we just said is 415
folks watching now I'll just let that
number grow a bit I want to show just
it's completely different but I think if
you haven't seen it online you'll you
know want to see it it's Bill Clinton
coming out of the shadows looking
extremely old and a little bit
disoriented being asked a question he I
don't think he's ever been asked in 20
years about Monica Lewinsky it's a great
question I want to say one more thing
before we get going of course you're
watching this primarily I would imagine
on YouTube we're also streaming it live
simultaneously on Facebook but if you
want to chat I'm looking at the YouTube
chat and if you want your chat to stand
out you can do what's called super chat
that's something that YouTube has
invented it basically lets you chip in a
couple bucks five bucks or even more I
mean I you can even chip in 50 bucks if
you wanted I've seen that happen a few
times your comment is put in a bright
highlighted color and it is appended to
the to the comment section for a period
of time proportionate to your
contribution and the good news is that
we get that dough here the rebel doesn't
just go into Google's pockets so it
helps us pay the bills without further
to do I see there's over 500 folks
watching you I just want to start off
with this video Bill Clinton and Monica
Lewinsky I say again let's just check
the time it's only 1203 in about 10
minutes from now when we have a good
head of steam going I'll show you the
Tommy rally from Toronto and then I'm
gonna show you video footage I doubt you
seen before even though it's public it's
United Kingdom members of parliament
grilling Google executives about why
they haven't banned Tommy and it was
quite something I didn't think I would
I mean parliamentary committees say
those are almost the dictionary
definition of boring but I was riveted I
see a super chat in the corner of my eye
I'm just gonna read that before we play
the Bill Clinton video Tom young John
says thanks for focusing on Tommy well
sure I mean first of all I think we have
some some legacy with Tommy we were the
first media company that really got him
going that encouraged him to become a
citizen journalist he was with us for a
year he did over a hundred videos
and I think we launched him I mean he he
would obviously say he launched himself
and obviously he did he's responsible
for himself and his own talent and his
experience and wisdom but I feel like we
helped set him on the path and where at
least a stepping-stone for him so of
course we're interested I also have a
particular interest because it was a
year ago that Tommy was arrested for
contempt of court regarding a trial in
Canterbury so I have a particular
experience and hiring lawyers to get him
out of jail that's something that was
something we quarterbacked
hear from our rebel world headquarters
in Toronto and of course everyone who
cares about freedom should care about
Tommy we just happen to have a few extra
reasons anyways
Bill Clinton has apparently written some
book with some co-author and Bill
Clinton's not out there in public a lot
his wife Hillary Clinton probably more
accurately to call his ex-wife I don't
think they live in the same city
actually most of the time but they keep
things up for appearances sake hillary
clinton has been we can't get rid of her
in the public eye and her health issues
have been a big news item but bill
clinton has not really done a lot of
public stuff and so my first reaction
upon seeing this video i'm about to play
is boy he's old we're all getting old
but I feel like he's losing his edge and
he's stuck in a loop and he was asked
some questions I'm gonna play the whole
clip now he was asked some questions
that I don't think he's ever been asked
before about Monica Lewinsky
and his answers are so tone-deaf and at
one point his co-author steps in to help
bill clear when was the last time you
ever saw Bill Clinton need help to get
out of a tough question the opposite
he's the master the master communicator
the master emote her emote her in in
some ways he was in more effective
politician even than Barack Obama
without further ado let me show you this
riveting clip take a look one of the
things that this this meat to era has
done its forced a lot of women to speak
out one of those women Monica Lewinsky
she wrote an op-ed that the me2 movement
changed her view of sexual harassment
quote he was my boss he was the most
powerful man on the planet he was 27
years my senior
with enough life experience no better he
was at the time at the pinnacle of his
career while I was in my first job out
of college looking back on what happened
then through the lens of me - now do you
do you think differently or feel more
responsibility no I felt terrible then
and I came to gifts with it did you ever
apologize and know yes and nobody
believes that I got out of that for free
I left the White House sixteen million
dollars in debt
but
you typically have ignored gaping facts
everything is and I bet you don't even
know them this was litigated 20 years
ago two thirds of the American people
sided with me they were not insensitive
that I had a sexual harassment policy
when I was governor in the eighties
I had two women sheets of staff when I
was governor women were over-represented
in the Attorney General's Office in the
70s for their percentage in the bar I've
had nothing but women leaders in my
office since I left
you are giving one side and omitting mr.
president I'm not I'm not trying to
present a side no no you asked me if I
agreed the answer is no I know and I
asked if you'd ever apologize and you
said you had I have you've apologized I
apologize to everybody in the world okay
we're not done the clip friends keep
playing the clip because it goes on okay
we're gonna sorry I it gets this is
where it starts to get good
sorry about that technical glitch there
he gets so defensive and he says he
apologizes he has said he apologize to
the whole world but then he's pressed on
whether or not he actually apologizes to
Monica Lewinsky I'm sorry we don't have
that clip handy what I'm gonna do
instead while we get that full clip is
I'm gonna proceed with the Tommy
Robinson rally here in Toronto and I
don't want to overstate it there was it
was a small rally but I thought the
people who were there understood very
clearly what the issues were I thought
they were very credible and passionate
and without further ado let me play for
you David Menzies report from the pro
Tommy rally in Toronto and during that
time we'll get the right clip for Monica
Lewinsky because he's just got a CNN
well it's a shame because we just ended
the clip right when it was about to get
spicy and yeah here's here's our own
David Menzies in downtown Toronto
talking about people rallying here in
Canada for Tommy Robinson
it's been exactly one week since Tommy
Robinson was arrested and thrown in jail
for 13 months now ostensibly the reason
was contempt of court what a lot of
people aren't buying that when you look
at what Tommy did that day he wasn't on
court property he was saying nothing
libelous he was reporting nothing that
hadn't been reported by the mainstream
British press so what is the real reason
Tommy Robinson is behind bars right now
is it because of who he is and what he
says well millions of people around the
world are not happy with this including
dozens here who have assembled outside
the British Consulate in Toronto to vent
their rage and frustration about what
they consider to be a miscarriage of
justice what have they done there
regarding these rape groups what have
they done nothing it's up to a citizens
in the Tommy the Tommy's of the world I
think God for them for putting
themselves in harm's way to expose what
is going on within our country at Tommy
Robinson is the victim of a police state
right now I'm really really discouraged
about what's happening in the mother
country really we can't allow that to
happen here in Canada we have to be very
careful next year we have to remove the
we have an Ottawa right now because they
pander to all of this and that's why I'm
here if Britain loses free speech Canada
is gonna be next I believe in free
speech and I don't believe what happened
to Tommy was rape no matter what country
it's in and it's happening in the UK
which means it's gonna happen here with
things like m103 c16 before you know it
they're gonna be throwing our own
citizens in jail for the same reason the
play is already written and the players
were just following the script that they
were handed which guess what ladies and
gentlemen that's what happened we
watched a play called
the arrest of freedom and Tommy Robinson
was the lead actor in that play I do
think he's a political prisoner I
absolutely would agree with that
statement there's no doubt about it the
grandfather's a great grandfathers of
the British people now fought what they
are that what they have become Land of
Hope and Glory mother of they're free
not anymore
and this is a free world fight this is
the Americans fight as much as it's the
Canadians fight in the Australians and
everybody else in the free world if we
don't stop this encroachment on our
freedom we're going to end up slaves to
the one-world cabal
obviously he's the canary in the coal
mine that Canada's watching very closely
and they're gonna roll it out on you
you're the next one that's going to be
targeted if it works on Tommy if there's
not enough outrage if we can't muster
more than 50 people because everyone
watches cable everyone accepts the
answer that's easiest for them to digest
it everyone's racist and if you call
that out you don't need to think anymore
on uncomfortable things so Tommy is the
speaker of uncomfortable things great is
a crime for God's sakes and going after
minors are you kidding the entire
country should be up in arms
you know protesting this needs to stop
enough of this political correctness
enough of trying to trying to you know
embrace an ideology that doesn't fit in
with our country and if it goes against
everything every one of our laws and
what we're going to throw people in jail
because they're speaking up against the
friends up there they're committing how
is that right how is that right what is
happening to society wake up people
if we don't step up what's gonna happen
here our media fake news is not allowed
to the broadcast any of this they don't
want us to know anything about what's
happening in the UK right now for fear
that Canadians may start to wake up well
what do you think of that report from
David Menzies I thought those were very
thoughtful reflective and even
philosophical comments I think that
those protesters were deeply informed I
have to tell you that most protests I
see in Canada in the United States and
the United Kingdom and in the Western
world
are really faked their professional
protesters who pick up the picket sign
of the day you know were against
fracking today were against America
tomorrow we're against you know we're
for antifreeze it's just it's a
professional leftist protest set and and
one of my easy moves it's too easy to do
I haven't done it recently but I
probably done it 20 times you go to a
protest and you just ask the toughest
question ever of a leftist protester why
are you here and they have no clue they
have no clue what is fracking what is a
GMO food what's the difference between
GMO and organic I'm just giving examples
you're
instant oil pipeline did you drive here
you know there's this you're against
capitalism is that an iPhone how much
did you spend on your iPhone do you have
I mean it's it's too too easy am i right
because most leftist protesters have no
clue what they're protesting they're
either doing it for cash or for fun or
just for the sake of community but they
don't understand but every single person
in that save Tommy rally had thought
deeply about why they were there would
you agree with me I don't know if I have
agree with every single word there but
but everyone there has thought things
through and I was deeply impressed with
that I also liked the editing I thought
it was nice to let the people speak
David was just gently coaxing the
answers and I thought the music the
background actually was a nice touch so
I have my own view anyways that was in
Toronto I see if you see super chats
have come in let me just quickly cover
those and we found the the full clip of
of the Lewinsky matter and I'm gonna
play that for you just because it was
signed I know we've been talking a lot
about Tommy but you really got to enjoy
it I already read Tom Young Jonah said
thanks for focusing on Tommy well our
pleasure Primus 81 chipped in five bucks
I don't see a comment but thank you for
the five bucks I'm just scrolling
through here time Ajit Chakraborty says
why do you naturai car team her eighty
Jews demand the destruction of Israel
that's a very bizarre question there is
a very obscure very small extreme group
of ultra religious Jews who are against
the modern State of Israel and they
often team up with anti-semitic
protesters because they have that one
common ground they don't like the State
of Israel and of course if here in
auntie's Semitic aunty Israel protester
it's great to have these very Jews with
very ornate black hats and whatnot
because then you can say I'm not an
anti-semite of these wackos believe it
to the answer for why they believe it is
there so ultra religious they believe
that the State of Israel should not
exist until the Jewish Messiah comes and
to try to have a State of Israel before
the Messiah comes is ungodly that's not
for a man to do that's for God to do
and we should be an exile we the Jew
should be an exile until then so that's
the that's the technical answer for the
bizarre thing you see them from time to
time there they're a favorite of the
anti-semitic left I see a tweet the
truth
Ezra will rebel media be streaming the
March for Tommy on Saturday the 9th of
June that will get big viewings also
Tommy Robinson Girard batten and Ann
Marie water should unite in one
political party if only they knew what
support that would get well there's a
lot of interesting things in your
comment thank you very much and thank
you for the generosity of your super
chat I hadn't contemplating
live-streaming it but maybe we will
maybe we'll we could find out where
it'll don't think we'll have a camera
there ourselves although who knows maybe
we maybe we will but we could embed
someone else's YouTube stream in our
website I think that's a good idea
I like both an marine waters and Girard
batten they're very very different
people aren't they and I don't know if
they're compatible frankly they're very
different in their style their history
their their focus I like both in their
own way but you're right I think the the
dissident right in the UK is to split
right now and the UK had a lot of
momentum but it's almost being
deconstructed by its own leadership
Jared batten sort of saved the party Ann
Marie waters I think she would have been
an interesting leader of you Kipp but of
course she was sort of run out of there
by the UK by I admire them both I real I
don't know if you saw my interview which
air about in the other day we emailed it
to our UK supporters I really enjoyed
meeting him
Eagle's Nest says as for your the best
was very nice for you to say we have a
great team here and we we try to focus
on on the other side of the story that
the mainstream media won't anyway so my
team tells me we have the rest of the
clip on Bill Clinton I just see one more
Super chat I'm going to read and then
I'm gonna play the rest of that Clinton
clip and I know we love talking about
Tommy and there's a lot to talk about
and I've got video for you today but
let's just read a few super chats first
so give me a minute
I see mouthwash typhoon
looks like they're from Australia he
says while it's possible the timing may
have somehow broken the law the judges
judged during an executioner no legal
safeguards or objectivity yeah we talked
about this before last week about the
nature of contempt of court a judge
who's angry about something affecting
his or her trial is the complainer the
complainant and the prosecutor and the
judge of his own matter and the fact
that and that's just how it is in
contempt court I find it a very odd kind
of law not like traditional law in the
UK the US Canada where you have a pro
and a con and then a neutral arbiter in
this case the judge him or herself is
all of those three things I guess Tommy
had his own lawyer so yeah one more
thing that comes to mind is when the
judge is angry and Tommy is obviously
the judge was there was no time for the
judge to cool off a bit the judge went
from angry to summon that man to
sentencing him to 13 months in prison
that all happened in hours as supposed
to in Canterbury a year ago when the
judge had a week or two to cool off so
so you're so right let me just quickly
read some more super chats here MD
Proulx
thank you very much for your $20
contribution Ian Baxter could Jack buck
be not streaming for rebel that's a good
idea
Jackie is located in the UK for us and
he I think you're right I think he
should be there I think that's gonna be
something our people would care about so
I appreciate the suggestion my team has
emailed me there's one more super chat
Ravan Wolfgang says it was great to have
met you last Saturday some of the video
was cut for lack of memory I was so out
of my element thank you for being kind
to me
XO well Raven it sure was nice to meet
you I was glad you were there rubble
live we had about 500 folks there it's a
little bit less than last year but I
think it was the timing having it on the
last weekend before the election so many
of our people are activists and they
were out door knocking and putting up
lawn signs for the election but still I
thought was pretty great Andrew senior
chips in two pounds and says brilliant
Thank You Canada
well yeah wasn't that a nice little
rally and would you agree with me would
you agree with me
that everyone there had something
thoughtful the same all right it's 12:21
p.m. we've used up a third of our time
already let's quickly play the Bill
Clinton clips because I want to get to
the Tommy stuff afterwards so here sorry
for the hiccup last time I think that
was my fault I gave in and not a full
clip to our team here's the full clip of
Bill Clinton and watch he gives a a pat
answer once or twice but to his credit
the journalist presses and he presses
into somewhere where Bill Clinton had
never gone before and and it gets sort
of pitiful sort of quick take a look I
apologize to everybody in the world it
is important to me that everybody who
has been hurt know that the sorrow I
feel is genuine first and most important
my family Monica Lewinsky and her family
but you didn't apologize to her I have
not talked to her didn't feel I thought
of her in Apollo I do I I I do not I've
never talked to her
but I did say publicly on more than one
occasion that I was sorry
that's very different
apology was public and you don't think a
private apology sewed I think this thing
has been it's 20 years ago come on let's
talk about JFK let's talk about you know
LBJ stop already
I don't think president you think
President Kennedy should have resigned
do you believe President Johnson should
resign someone should ask you these
questions because of the way you
formulate the questions I dealt with it
20 years ago
plus
and the American people 2/3 of them
stayed with me and I've tried
do a good job since then with my life
and with my work that's all I have to
say to you
fascinating that was awful
that was awful no I didn't apologize you
know I don't think I need to end then
and for that other old-timer to weigh no
can we talk about hate how about can I
distract you by saying what about JFK
what's that got to do with whether a
Bill Clinton apologized to him for 20
years
and he's so proud of the fact that he
hasn't talked to her for 20 years and
he's the victim don't you know and
everyone's so unfair to him boy the era
of Clinton is over isn't it
I I sort of liked remembering Bill
Clinton as vigorous and smart and savvy
and maybe the best campaigner of our
generation it's sort of pitiful to see
him imagine him being first lady her
first husband or whatever his title
would be boy America dodged a bullet a
new super Chad from power of wish
lawsuits just followed by Renata Ford
can potentially sway undecided Ontario
voters or Rob Ford faithful what can be
said to persuade them otherwise well
look I really don't know it's a family
business and a family quarrel
yes I'm Doug Ford support is obviously
hung over from his late brother Rob's
support but I actually don't think this
is gonna I mean if you're a Doug Ford
supporter and the fact that there's a
family quarrel is that gonna make you
suddenly embrace the NDP or Cathleen
when I just don't think so
I actually don't think this is going to
move the needle either then for the
media party which loves a Ford family
scandal yeah I actually think this is
tempest in a teapot I'm not saying
there's no problem there I'm just
thinking I'm just saying I don't think
voters are gonna bite all right it's
1225 and we've shown you the Tommy rally
in Toronto we've shown you that Bill
Clinton Monica Lewinsky thing I just
wanted to show it to you because I
thought it was actually sort of
incredible I think I've caught up on the
super chats is that right did I miss any
super chance looks like I'm up to date
now I want to show you something and I'm
gonna take the rest of the show for this
I am going
try and read your super chats but I want
you to see this let me set the table
here this is as you know in Parliament
in Canada in the United Kingdom just
like in the Congress in the United
States there's the work in the actual
chamber where there's debates and votes
but then there's committee work and
committees often summon witnesses who
were experts or representing some
institution that's in the news and of
course Facebook Twitter and social media
giants are in the news and this is
William McCants that's his name William
McCants
he's the global policy lead for
counterterrorism at YouTube and Google
so he's in charge it's a tough job and
by the way he's a very senior guy his CV
is I mean he he's not a guy who came up
through tech he came up through
counterterrorism and Google and YouTube
said we need your help because there's a
lot of terrorists using YouTube and
Google to spread their propaganda help
us challenge this so kudos to Google and
YouTube for hiring a guy like that and
he was invited by the UK Home Affairs
Committee so it's a pretty broad
committee covering a lot of basically
Home Affairs it's the opposite of
Foreign Affairs isn't it
Eagles Nest chipped in a hundred bucks
singer the best let's I think I might
have read that already thank you for
them so you've got this you've got this
YouTube Google YouTube and Google are
the same companies you probably know so
this guy comes in he's obviously
American you can tell from his accent
and his history and they do ask him
about terrorism you know a terrorists
are right Isis al Qaeda Al Shabaab I
suppose in the UK there's also the IRA
but they're more dormant these days
Western countries of the UK Canon in the
US have lists of banned terrorist
entities and they're overwhelmingly
Islamic they just are
can you name for me a terrorist group
that's active that it's not Islamic in
character I actually cannot I suppose
the the Red Brigades or something but
when was last time they did anything so
who do you think these ukm piece asked
mister McCants about Isis al Qaeda
Hezbollah Hamas who did they shout at
him I mean I wouldn't say shout but boy
they raised their voices and boy they
interrupted they were mad they weren't
mad about Hamas and Hezbollah and
Islamic Jihad and al Qaeda and Isis they
were mad that he hadn't shut down Tommy
Robinsons YouTube page what we're gonna
do now is I'm gonna roll the video and
I'm just gonna let it go for a bending
in a signal to my team stop and then
I'll comment a bit and then we'll roll
the video again and then I'll say stop
and we'll comment a bit and we'll see
how much we can get through so it's 12
28 I've watched about 15 minutes of this
I'm gonna give you some commentary I
think we can get through about 15
minutes in the 32 minutes we have left
so without further ado just two so this
is a YouTube Google head of
counterterrorism at the UK Parliament
speaking before the Home Affairs
Committee being grilled by members of
parliament go ahead please roll the
footage your algorithms on YouTube when
you are what when you are good at
searching for national action will then
promote the likes of Tommy Robinson and
Britain first this is despite the fact
that the Finsbury Park mosque where
somebody was killed and that's recently
been in hardline despite the fact that
videos of Tommy Robinson was cited as
part of the online radicalization of
Darren Osborne in the Finsbury Park
court case YouTube continues to promote
them videos what have you got to say
about that we are working to make sure
that
that promote hate or promote violence if
they violate our policies are removed
from the platform if they walk right up
to the line
we have also at the encouragement of
this committee and developed a new
enforcement mechanism to limit the
features that these have they should not
be appearing in our recommendation
engine if they are I will take this back
to our team and see what the problem is
okay let's just stop there for a second
that woman she's a Labour MP named Nazz
Shaw she's a Labour MP for Bradford West
and just to remind you who she is she's
in labour MP who tweeted that the rather
um rape gang victims should basically
shut up I don't have the tweet handy
maybe we can google that if Justin Hanna
can you google Naz Shah rather him her
Twitter I don't want to I don't want to
paraphrase it because what she actually
wrote is far worse and than anything I
would paraphrase so I want to let you
know she is as close to a defender of
Islamic rape gangs as you could possibly
find in Parliament I'm not saying she
defends the rape gangs but she's as
close to one as possible
she denounces their victims so that
tells you where her moral center of
gravity is and you see what she did she
said Tommy Robinson caused terrorism
Tommy Robinson's videos I haven't
watched all of them since he left us but
I obviously watched all the ones he did
with us he is against violence that's
his whole raison d'etre he wants to stop
the violence either terrorist violence
or this ranking violence for her to
imply that Tony Robinson's videos are
terrorists or hate mongering because
some person who ran over a Muslim had
got an email from Tommy Robinson that we
send out by the hundreds of thousands is
a lie you'll notice she doesn't refer to
any particular time to Robinson video
because he has never counseled violence
ever in fact he says if we don't fix
this problem peacefully it will lead to
more
we have to fix it my team has the Nassau
tweet when you put that up there I'll
show it so do you see
she shared she liked and retweeted okay
so understand what we're looking at here
for those to know Twitter someone wrote
exactly those Abused girls in Rotherham
and elsewhere just need to shut their
mouths for the good of diversity and as
Shaw liked that and retweeted it and
she's the one saying take those Tommy
Robinson vids down okay thanks for
showing that um there's I just want to
quickly read some super chats Philippe
Binda says hello I do not know how to
write very well in English but I'll try
I live in London I'm Brazilian and
everything that's happening here is also
happening all over the world well thank
you
Philippe your English looks actually
perfect to me so you're too
self-conscious I see another comment by
you Philippe Tommy will set an example
for governments to do this to everyone
who disagrees communism is returned I
stopped studying English because I was
tired of looking at Stalin's photo in UK
public school well first of all I say
again your English is perfect at least
it appears that way to me
I didn't know you looked at Stalin in UK
public school but I I think you're right
we think Stalin looks like a big bushy
you know Soviet type but I think
Stalinism or at least the
authoritarianism these days comes with a
smile comes with the name of diversity
and tolerance says it's liberal it
doesn't look like a like a secret
policeman or an SS soldier doesn't it
let's keep going over there's one more
super channel just read very quickly
locky gamer says any plans for more
uk-based reporters for the rebel Lord
knows we need more voices like yours
keep up the great work well thanks very
much we have Katie Hopkins who's great
we have Jack Buckley who was mentioned
and I don't know if we're at liberty to
discuss the debut of our new talent in
the UK yet have we announced that yet
when do we plan to announce that do we
do we I'm just asking our team here do
we know when we're in a position to
announce a new talent yeah
I just heard in my ear I was talking to
my team we will be announcing a new UK
talents this week so forgive me for not
pre-empting myself and scooping
ourselves but we will have another name
of someone joining our team this week so
thank you for your questions okay
the answer by William McCants was we
don't want to show anything hateful or
violence and I'll bring the
recommendation back so to his credit he
did not speak specifically about Tommy
Robinson he said I'll take the concerns
back to the team he surely doesn't know
what video she's talking about
I'm sure the head of global
counterterrorism for golden for Google
it's not focused on Tommy Robinson
because he's not a terrorist and yeah
let's go keep watching that clip from
where we left off oh I mean they are
appearing there in my recommended
timeline at the moment say because I've
been searching on my iPad for national
action videos as a result have the first
two videos recommended to me by YouTube
when I just click on as I've just done
with this afternoon I click onto YouTube
the first two recommendations or Tommy
Robinson videos so the two Robinson that
was identified as part of the Finsbury
Park online radicalization process
that's what YouTube's recommended I've
not searched for it
YouTube has recommended that to me
doesn't that caused you some serious
alarm I can't speak to these particular
videos personally it causes me a lot of
alarm but I will take this back to our
team and see why this is happening
so you just about the individual videos
just pause it there I'll pick it up in
the second so she's mad that Tommy shows
up in her suggested videos I have no
idea what she's googling and I say again
that William McCants who is in the
counterterrorism business I bet he has
no idea who Tommy Robinson is because
Tommy Robinson is not a terrorist
Tommy Robinson is a anti terrorist anti
Sharia law pundit he's never been
arrested for terrorism never been
charged with terrorism never been a
member of a terrorist group that is so
obvious to say even more obvious I think
he said he is anti terrorist and even
more obvious than that this is a
political hunt that needs to commentator
but this Labour MP if you like the first
one I think this second one is Yvette
Cooper
Labour MP for Normanton Pontefract
castle bird and nothing lis how's that
for a mouthful she is furious because
she doesn't want to have to look at
Tommy's face and instead of just
clicking away or not clicking on the
Tommy videos like she's furious that
Google is suggesting she might be
interested in Tommy video given what
she's googling and that's too much for
her she's triggered by that micro
aggression so she wants YouTube Google
to somehow intervene and stop her from
having to see Tommy hey lady you don't
have to click on the play button
okay keep keep going from here
it's actually a recommended Channel have
got up here it is coming up as my
recommended camels that one of the
recommended channels for me is Tommy
Robinson recommended channel I've also
got a British warrior I've got series of
other you know quite some extreme things
that coming up but I have specifically
Tommy Robinson recommended channel you
can pass you might you know what I mean
Google the billions of users and I don't
know the exact number more than a
billion Facebook is two billion users
wouldn't surprise me if there's 2
billion Google users
I have some quarrels with the Google
algorithm the YouTube algorithm they do
censor things we know that we've had
that confirmed to us by Google when we
complain about censorship before work
but would you agree with me my dear
viewers that any Google or YouTube
algorithm that is serving up Tommy
Robinson videos to that Labour MP Yvette
Cooper is bloody brilliant to use a
British ism is doing its job perfectly
well would you not agree with me viewers
that Yvette Cooper is actually obsessed
with Tommy Robinson and Google has
somehow detected that and is actually
giving her what she wants you know
Howard Stern is quite a phenomenon in
the United States and it there was a
saying and I rear ings true for me
that people who loved Howard Stern
listened to him because they couldn't
wait to see what he said next and people
who hated Howard Stern listened to him
because they couldn't wait to see what
he said next as many people hate
listened to Stern or at least pretended
to hate him listen to him as listened to
him as genuine fans there's how I listen
to Howard Stern ironically alright that
wasn't laughs I was just just coughing I
wasn't laughing his jokes you see what I
mean I think people like to say they
hate Howard Stern and they just listen
to him because he's actually bloody
hilarious and I think this woman here
who hates Tommy Robinson has probably
watched more Tommy Robinson videos than
I have and I used to be tough would you
agree with me would you agree with me
that that algorithm is exactly working
so well it's almost like it has ESP or
something
all right we're gonna load up a few more
because we've still got 20 minutes while
we're loading up some more of that vid I
see some more super chests coming
through dot slash Satan says Clinton's
are full of Shi t and thank centre for
sticking on Tommy do you honestly think
he will be freed early and will all
these protests have any effect thank you
free Tommy well in the United Kingdom
like in Canada
and I'm not as familiar with the United
States traditionally you get out before
your fearful sentence is served in
Canada we have something called
statutory release which means it's
almost impossible to serve more than
two-thirds of your sentence you really
kicked out a prison at two-thirds in
Canada and I'm not up on the latest so
forgive me if there have been some
amendments I used to follow this more
closely I went to law school for example
wait as 20 years ago typically you get
parole as it's called here after a third
of the sentence and a parole after a
sixth of the sentence now that's what it
was I honestly haven't looked into
parole laws in years so it might be
slightly changed
in the UK I think they use the word tag
you're out on tag you get tagged think
that's the word they use and that often
means you have a little ankle anklet
like a tri GPS tracker you know what I'm
talking about
so if there is no appeal of the sentence
it may be that Tommy doesn't serve 13
months and maybe then he serves half
that or a third of that
I'm just not expert enough in UK law to
know I just don't know I'm sorry but
that is an extraordinary amount of time
to serve for the most trifling
activities on his part last week we had
a show where we went through a bunch of
contempt of court cases and typically
contempt of court does not result in a
custodial sentence at all and in the
extreme case I showed last week I think
was Thursday or Friday of a woman named
I shall I can if I recall she violated
two court orders 26 times and was
sentenced to 12 weeks not 13 months
cyber Punk says please read American
betrayal the secret assault on our
nation's character by a Diana West ok
I'm familiar with Diana west a little
bit but I'm not familiar with that book
ok I think I've caught up on the super
chats it's 12:42 we've got 18 more
minutes let me play some more because
and I just say again this guy's in
charge of fighting terrorists he's not
in charge of censoring mean words on
Twitter or Facebook or YouTube
you understand the difference right a
terrorist wants to blow you up terrorist
wants to cut off your head
terrorist wants to take a van and drive
it on Westminster Bridge and and hit
people terrorist wants to blow up the
ariana grande concert in Manchester
terrorist wants to put a bomb on a
double-decker bus terrace wants to fly a
plane into a building you you understand
the gravity of terrorism and these folks
are asking this counterterrorism boss
he's the boss of counterterrorism and
Google and yes they need such a boss
because they don't want their technology
being colonized or used by terrorists
they're asking him about a pundit that
they don't like yeah here Watch little
more
it's important for the company and for
our bottom line for the recommendation
engine to work as it is intended to make
sure that people can find quality
content that they are looking for it
should not be serving up videos that
incite or inspire hate if it is there is
a problem and I will take it back to the
team and see that it's addressed but
lots of people have raised this with you
this is not just us this is not the
first time do not believe this is the
first time you have heard this
allegations and concerns that your
algorithms are promoting more and more
extreme content of people whatever they
search for what they get back is a whole
load more extreme recommendations coming
through the algorithms you are the king
of the search engine and yet your search
engines are promoting things that
further and further radicalize people
whatever they search for they get
something more back and we are working
to make sure that is not happening we
for example on news okay I made a stop
back there there's no basis given by
Yvette Cooper that and I don't even know
how it would be possible that if you
search for something Google gives you
things more extreme back I think she
just made that up how would that even
where and what is more extreme how would
that even be calculated and and what
does extreme mean I know what terrorist
means I know the plain definition of
that term it's violence for political
purposes so that's not Tommy I also know
another definition of terrorism the
countries UK can in the u.s. other
countries have formal lists of terrorist
groups you can google it for your own
country in Canada are our homeland or
Public Safety Ministry of Public
Security Ministry has a list of banned
terrorist entities so you know a
terrorist group because they're violent
for political ends you can check a list
of terrorist groups with your government
but what's extremely extreme means very
very what very left-wing very right-wing
if you
violent what's the problem I mean Bernie
Sanders is extremely socialist it's
nonviolent he's a kook it's not violent
that Labour MP Naz Shah is extremely
distasteful and extremely rude to young
girls who have been raped I don't think
she's violent what does it mean to say
don't promote extreme extremism I think
I know what Islamic extremism is it's
but it's a weaponized form of extremism
that leads to certain measurable things
like jihad let's play some more where we
have a lot of problems in this space we
are beginning to use an authority
ranking to make sure that when you start
with the news from a quality source that
you continue to be suggested news from
quality sources when star maker with
regards to the the the tragic and
horrific incident at fringe we Park
mosque in at the Evolve act carried out
by Darren Osborne and the following
judgment given by mrs. Jasper chima GARP
to say the short time between seeing the
material being radicalized and carrying
out a violent terrorist incident that
the individual was had in part being
radicalized by seeing matera by Tommy
Robinson your experience you've worked
at the State Department advisor on
extremism I've seen you've written a
number of books you've been that a
number of think tanks the material the
vile material put out by Tommy Robinson
just in a question earlier that you
raised about your policy in your
criteria does he's vile poison material
online violate your policy criteria I
can say in general that hateful content
can create an atmosphere that can lead
people to radicalize whether his
specific statements fall foul of our
guidelines or not I cannot tell you
without looking at the specific
velasca this is what concerns me you're
saying you cannot tell me without
looking at it there was a high court
decision in which his name was mentioned
that he was linked to having radicalized
community individuals who carried out
terrorist attacks and then you're saying
to me is since then you have not looked
at your criteria to see if that
individuals material is radicalizing
individuals with your own expertise and
radicalization extremism which is
automated over here you haven't done
that I can't speak to this specific fund
your organization haven't done that I
can't speak to that I do you think you
should have done that that's
organization after there's a high court
judgment to say and individual to be
mentioned in that Tommy Robinson his
vile things had led to an individual
being radicalized into carrying out a
terrorist attacks in the United Kingdom
first due to the state's protective
citizens following from that judgment
that name is mentioning that do you not
think you should have looked at that
name and thought if he was positive
there for a second can I say the obvious
thing here these members of parliament
want to gag Tommy Robinson is that not
obvious I mean could they be more
obvious about what they would do if they
were the government
those are Labour MPs Nash Shaw and
Yvette Cooper and my colleagues are just
looking at the name of that last MP
there the fury in the rage they have
that they have not yet got Google to ban
hobby for them to his credit
William McCants has not condemned Tommy
simply because I don't think he knows
who Tommy is and how could he say you're
right I mean they're very mad they're
very passionate they're very angry
it is extremely clear what they want but
he has enough integrity William McCants
- at least for now say well I'll have to
look into that I don't know about that
particular case and they are sputtering
that because they are all obsessed with
talking about what woman in red Cooper
says I just keep googling you know
reminds me
joke you know back a long time ago
before caller ID you know way back when
you know telephones were at home and
something and there was this thing
called you know harassment harassing
phone calls because that was before
caller ID so someone would like he was
it was sort of a thing I think it was
more apocryphal than real people would
call you up with a sexually explicit
phone call and you would hang up on them
and they would get their thrills that
way and and the joke I'm not even saying
it right because I don't remember where
that kind of a call was called back
before caller ID but the joke was
officer I'm calling to complain about
this sexually explicit phone call I
received from this crank call oh really
what brother the deep well he kept me on
the phone for an hour officer as saying
well maybe if you were on the phone for
an hour you actually sort of like that
phone call that's the joke at least and
do you see how I might apply that here
these people you know hey mister Google
I just keep searching for Tommy and
Tommy and Tommy and Tommy and Google
Suggest Tommy videos and I'm outraged
yeah it's because you're running a
little hot on top there but to take that
last MP seriously he he called Tommy's
comments he used two words one was vile
VI le and one was poison can you measure
that violet really goes to taste
oh that's vile how does that oh did you
try the did you try the the soup yeah
it's vile
I mean if I'll just means you really
don't like something you're disgusted by
it and it's unappealing in the extreme
how how would that sort of fit with the
head of characters or terrorism for
Google you got to stop the vile stuff
sir okay I'll just type that in the
algorithm no vile stuff according to
cranky label an MP who would censor
everything he doesn't like me just see
if I missed any more stupid
chats you guys I don't oh yeah I see one
from same thing one who's this free
speech free Tommy Thank You rebel media
well you are welcome okay let's play
just a little more let's check the time
as 1250 well we got time for some more
they get so frustrated with him because
he's an expert in terrorism and they
really really really want him to be a
pundit like them here let's play for a
little bit more he's five use a vine at
your policy criteria I will certainly
take it back to our team because she's
gonna do better earlier in your four
months in position have you made any
requests for improvements or additional
measures that have been denied by your
managers no so so you believe that
having tools you have in the box on
enough to deal with this no we are
putting more tools in place I have
recommended some of them but it takes
one thing you've recommended has been
approved yet we're told this morning
there's still this material available
yes sir but clearly we are falling out
of this we can you pull back your
monitors and see we need to do further
action
absolutely I'm for kind of things will
that be well first of all we have to
make sure that prescribed groups do not
have a presence on our platform if they
are if we are fine in your four months
in post this has been happening and it
is happening this morning yet you're not
asking your managers for any additional
measures of justice do I have asked for
additional measures they are putting
them in place okay and final point you
opened your statement see there are
three actions that you've taken to
improve this quickly start immediately
from way from when the videos were
escalated to us we could clearly see
there was a volume in our okay suppose
to tell me system tell me when did he
start go to specialized reviewers
immediately on court date now know
immediately is when you asked for it to
be done right and it's in its business
no but so when there's a meeting when
did you ask for it to be done there was
literally no
yesterday it was a thriving you know it
just degenerates there they here's the
problem
he's a counterterrorism expert he seems
like a nice guy seems a little geeky as
she would expect a counterterrorism
expert hired by Google if I heard that
right he was hired by Google's as four
months ago
so hey get to know with the world's
largest Internet company in four months
and then come be grilled on it they go
on they talked to him about what you
know if your staff are contractors or
staffers what city are they aim in
trivia my new shop just to heckle a man
haggle I'm not defending him
particularly for all I know he is going
to censor political views I don't know
but he's honest enough that when he and
when he's asked questions he doesn't
know I mean the it goes on and on it
gets dumber and dumber if you really
want to watch the rest of it you can
find it yourself
they just started heckling him or how
what percentage of these human editors
are located in Ireland what percent are
located in the UK and I'm like you see
they're just like what is that good why
is that interesting I'll tell you that's
why that's interesting because they
don't actually have any real questions
for them about terrorism because they
actually don't care you'll notice
they're not asking him about terrorism
he's they had a counterterrorism for
Google YouTube they're not asking them
about that you'll notice the phrase
prescribed groups prescribed groups that
means banned groups
that's that list I was talking about but
the UK US and Canada have Tommy ain't on
a banned group just like Piers Morgan
isn't on a banned group if you want a UK
example just like you know Rachel Maddow
or Keith Olbermann from MSNBC or
wherever Keith Olbermann is these days
they're not on a proscribed group
Samantha bee is not on a proscribed
group that Michelle wolf the awful awful
comedian from the White House
Correspondents Dinner she's not on a
press grab group
because they're not terrorists are they
irritating a yes does Tommy irritate
people you've just seen three or four
MPs who are so agitated I think they're
gonna get a rash but why are you bugging
someone who has spent his life for any
al-qaeda why are you asking him why
Tommy's videos show up in your search
feed
it's like occasionally when when I get
emails saying Ezra there's a banner ad
on the rebel for a dating site how come
you guys are selling ads to two sexy
singles sites well the answer is every
person who comes to our website gets a
different ad based on the cookies in
their browser right so if you're getting
a dating site at the rebel it's not cuz
ass its kissing you it's because there's
something you some place you've been on
the internet that's put a little cookie
or a pixel on your browser and as you
continue surfing the internet that's
interacting with the Google banner ads
and it is selecting an ad for you based
on you so I don't I can't think of an ad
I mean I don't pay your close attention
in the ads I see but if you're getting
sexy singles ads on the rebel it's cuz
you being on some sexy single pages and
if you're getting Tommy Robinson coming
up in the algorithm it's cuz you're
obsessed by him and it's not because
he's vile or poison that's just mean
talk for someone you disagree with Tommy
Robinson has never been charged with a
hate crime of any sort he in my view was
wrongly convicted of contempt of court
but that wasn't for the content of what
he said that was for allegedly saying
anything at all about the trial in the
past there was a contempt of court for
being on the courthouse steps not for
what he sat on the courthouse steps in
any meaningful way he said rapists
instead of accused rapists but that's
not hate that's the Frank that's dead
there
a presumption of innocence issue in the
past he had other scuffles with the law
but none of them went to the moral
turpitude of of hate these Labour MPs
are making it up why why did I show you
so much about those Labour MPs because
you see the hounding the hounding the
hounding the obsession that goes on that
goes on and on and on I won't show you
anymore they get more and more irritable
and at least as far as I watched William
McCants held the line and he kept saying
I just don't know that particular video
and I'll bring it back to our people and
oh you want me to ban that video well
I'll bring it back to our people and
they just got more frustrated by the
fact that he wasn't as obsessed with
Tommy as they were but you see if that's
how they talk about banning videos in
public imagine what they say to YouTube
Google Twitter Facebook in private we
have about one minute left can you guys
find that Toronto Star front page about
Justin Trudeau on Facebook I'd like to
end on that one I'll read a super chat
and then I'll show you Toronto Starkel
dot slash Satan says even if Tommy does
get out early will they make it a
violation for him to speak like last
time when he wasn't able to speak to EDM
members and contemptuous only apply in
court not out in public if he gets out
on tag or parole as we call it here I
don't think they would have those
conditions although Tommy's had
conditions before they call it a license
I'm just not that expert in the UK law
they could they could although allegedly
if he went in because of contempt of
court it would be odd if they banned him
from talking about a certain thing let
me close with the story from the toronto
star of the other day look at this
Trudeau that's Canada's prime minister
to Facebook fix your fake news problem
or face stricter regulations Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau was warned
social networking giant Facebook he
needs to fix his fake news problems or
face stronger regulates from Ottawa
Trudeau told Facebook chief operating
officer Sheryl Sandberg in November he
was concerned the company wasn't doing
enough to stop the spread of misleading
information on the platform a source
with direct knowledge of the
conversation told the star so if you
just saw what leftist social justice
warrior censors are willing to say in
public
their fury at Tommy Robinson about
Breitbart in America about the rebel in
Canada you can only imagine what they're
doing behind the scenes and we don't
know what these companies are agreeing
to just to get the heat off them I think
those labor politicians were a bunch of
buffoons I think they were foolish
I think they embarrassed themselves and
I think they're not living up to the
British ideals of freedom of speech but
that's who they are and that Google exec
was not having a good time I think he
went back to to his head office and said
what can we do to appease these people
who is this Tommy Robinson I've heard
about and how can we ban him like
Twitter is done I wanted you to see that
video because I thought it was very
revealing it's one o'clock it's actually
101 thank you for joining me I'll be
back tomorrow at 12:00 noon eastern time
5:00 p.m.
Luton Standard Time until then on behalf
of us here at the rubber world
headquarters keep fighting for freedom
you
