I heard there was a sermon being held in
a church in Warsaw that was being
attended by young members of a military
reenactment group I wanted to meet young
polish Patriots interested in their own
history so I went along to see what they
might be able to tell me my name is
Gregory and I am a member of the
historical group named as group of Annie
Rodolfo
it was one of the group enduring
uprising in Warsaw
in 1944 that fought against Nazi Germany
my name is Otto I'm also a member of the
suave we are working together to build
our heart age and learn the people about
a Polish history I think is a very
important thing for us today so would
you say that the military past of Poland
being a big part of your history is that
something that young people are really
connected with here Poland fought for
independence many times during our
history so it is very important for our
people for next generations to remember
that periods of our history
interestingly the young people of Poland
won't remember these conflicts
themselves so what do you think it is
that makes young people almost remember
something that they never experienced I
think many families have someone that
fought for the independence I can during
the Second World War or earlier but this
history is living in many families many
houses in Poland and people try to
remember history their Heritage's and
person that fought for Poland and it was
a member of their families and they
tried to save their history for the next
generations yes
so is this recent history a big part of
the schooling system is that what you
taught at school I think young people
need to learn themselves outside the
school system but now they have a really
nice opportunities to death
in especially in a big cities like the
war so it's a lot of events it's a lot
of groups like ours when you're walking
on the street of the war so you can see
everywhere places where you see this
history on your eyes like here on a old
town or in other other places you see
bullets holes on walls the young people
can ask the families their fathers and
grandparents will happen here many
monuments many historical places when
you can read what happened here during
1944 or even earlier we love our country
we love our history and we love our
tradition our culture and this is very
important for us on the army banners you
can see frieze special words for us that
means God honor and country fatherland
and those three simple words are very
very important for us because God means
the religion our Christianity Christian
history and of course honor means how we
should behave how we should react in our
country and of course the third
fatherland country that means our
tradition our history that is very very
important absolutely
I'm here to try and find out if this
something young British people can learn
from young Polish people young Brits are
not patriotic they don't love their
country they are ashamed of British
history they're not taught this British
history in school that the schools are
extremely left-wing I don't know if you
know about that already but it's quite a
sad state of affairs is there something
we can learn from young Polish people
and do you have a message to left-wing
Brits I think you don't have anything to
shame Great Britain have a beautiful
history they can learn from your history
like we here in Poland that you are a
great country you are strong country you
can do everything you have never lost
your independence in history
and I think maybe you should try to
young people in Britain should try to
think about this that the independence
is never given for all the time in
Poland we know this very much because as
you know we lost our independence during
Second World War and even earlier for
more than 100 years so it is really
important for us to to build this
traditions inside our country to build
our culture to protect this and that's
why I think every nation should remember
that independence is not given for all
at the time such words like traditions
culture history should be in every
single guy or girl in Britain in their
hearts because it's not only the country
it's not only the name Great Britain
it's much more its traditions its
culture I know I repeat this many times
but this simple words I think build
everything you also have to remember
that Great Britain fought fought against
Nazi Germany for example even a bottle
of Great Britain that was in the air air
also was very important it's changed the
history of the Second World War and even
polish soldiers fought
with weave Great Britain so discussed or
is also very beautiful remembering of
course the gates of Vienna people say a
lot that Poland's going to save the West
again do you think you will oh I think
if Europe will unite to protect our
nation's to protect our traditions I
think yes Poland will help them and when
I think it's not only case of Poland its
we need to unite around these traditions
anti with culture on around the
Christianity it's a filler of our
culture we need to remember about that I
think it's not not only Poland in its
all countries with this kind of
tradition yeah lots of young Brits are
now voting for Jeremy Corbyn who is very
very far left socialist some would say
communists many young Brits also call
themselves communists what do you think
of that well communism was very bad for
our country and our past
where Poland was during the Soviet
occupation after the Second World War we
know something about the communism how
it can destroy people in living in this
country that are not agree with the
communism idea and well it's very sad
that communism is still growing in
Europe communism killed much more people
than Nash's more fascism in a euro so
it's also the threat for for us and I
think we should remember that why you
can show the Nazi symbols and they are
of course very negative in public
opinion but why not red star it also was
very dangerous and I think every one who
know something about the history
would know that Soviet Union was a very
dangerous for a Europe also in 1920 when
Bolsheviks wanted to came through the
Europe with banners of communism when
Poland came to the map in Europe we
stopped this Bolshevik aggression and
that's why I think from all the history
in Poland know many many about the
communism and we are not agree with this
idea that is coming for the Europe what
I think about the communism for me is
this equal like an Nazis they kill a lot
of people who likes it communist I think
only people who don't don't know
anything about the communism don't know
anything about the history of the
communism they don't know how many
people's died because of communism and
they decisions like on Ukraine that was
a big hunger the 5 million people's died
because the decisions of Joseph Stalin
yes who was the biggest communist Joseph
Stalin and this is a Ito for the young
people on the Britain I don't think so
the killer the insane man I don't think
so I think they can find better people
to follow that communism sounds very
nice and as everyone is equal everyone
have the right for everything and but
unfortunately in in the truth of the in
practice its looks totally different
because if you do not agree with someone
who let the power and then you are
totally left away and you are named like
and you are the fascism or something
like this and it's not true and also
what is for us for our polish people
very dangerous that communism do not
want Nations they want that there is no
no borders no nations no traditions no
culture we just live in the country and
that's all in in in Europe not in the
country and I think that it's not what
we should be because every country in
Europe have a lot of our history however
is a unique history and even we should
be we should honor our fathers our
people who lived is faith important and
should the British youth re-engage with
their faith I think that faith is very
important
because even if I even as I said before
the three simple words God's honor and
fatherland country and the faith is safe
is strongly connected with the country
and I think it can be just break out and
it's still connected with our traditions
it's to connect with our culture and it
should be important for everyone
communism tried to destroy those values
like five like traditions like culture
because it's connected people it tells
them that they are the part of something
more than only in place where they are
living
and it's very thread for the communism
so communism is still fighting against
this I think for me faith is something
some kind of shield they make me a
stronger person I know if I have enough
faith I know I can do more things like a
regular person I believe in that yeah I
think God can protect us can be our good
guide in our life I think also five help
us to fought a fight against the
communism after the second world war
because people gathered
together and during the Holy Mass or in
the church at cetera so it was the
fundament of this fight against the
brutal of communism Church in important
was a very really big impact to our
independence like after the Second World
War the person's like young rookie or
chance pop usko they told people that
mmm Poland is something more than then
jostle and the media is branding Poland
as racist simply for voting more
conservatively than ever I'm here
covering the real story about Poland
that this is a country that embraces its
faith tradition and history with a young
population that's more conservative than
ever I can't cover these stories without
your help so if you'd like to support
this trip please go to rebel Poland calm
if you'd like to help us cover our
modest expenses for this trip please go
to rebel Poland calm
you
