women's March co-president Tamika
Mallory is vac saying crazy things about
Israel and today I'll tell you why it
matters in the Ontario election and in
Canadian politics in general Tamika
Mallory is back making news again now
for those of you who don't know who she
is Mallory is one of the co presidents
of the national women's March remember
that thing that was the vulgar feminist
anti-trump tantrum that spread to Canada
and now just won't go away it was also
the very same March where I was punched
by a male feminist named Dion views on
the steps of the legislature in Edmonton
now Tamika Mallory that co-president has
close ties to noted anti-semite and
leader of the Nation of Islam Louis
Farrakhan and this is what Farrakhan
said about the Jews just a few short
months ago just listen folks are going
down and Satan is going down
and Farrakhan by God's grace has pulled
a Betsy panic Jude and I'm here to say
your time is up your world is true and
the good Jews you better separate from
these satanic Jews lest they take you
down to hell with them because that's
where you're headed
now Farrakhan wasn't saying anything
there that he hasn't said a hundred
times before
Farrakhan has a long history of calling
Jews evil swindlers his enemy and part
of some global conspiracy to control the
world and in that crowd that very day
was Tameka Mallory who endorses
Farrakhan calling him the greatest of
all time on her Instagram she even
refused to denounce him after that very
feat but none of that stopped Canada's
federal NDP party from having her as the
keynote speaker at their recent national
convention in Ottawa
remember that convention that was the
convention where the NDP broke out in a
very public civil war on live television
when their anti-israel boycott
divestment and sanctions motion didn't
go far enough for many of the NDP
delegates there Mallory was at the
convention to talk about her activism as
a black woman her activism as a feminist
and her general left-wing fist-pumping
craziness to a captive audience of New
Democrat activists union leaders
supporters and New Democrat politicians
and now Mallory's added again with her
bigotry given Mallory's close ties to a
noted anti-semite it should really be no
surprise that this time she took to
Facebook live to deny the indigenous
nature of the Jewish people inside the
State of Israel she even went so far as
to call the creation of Israel a crime
you know what just watch her Facebook
live for yourself
it's gross
this is their land and when you go to
someone's home and you need a place to
stay you ask can I come into your home
and stay here and can we peacefully
coexist you don't walk into someone
else's home
needing a place it's clear you needed a
place to go cool we got that I hear that
but you don't show up as someone else
home meeting a place to stay and
deciding that you are going to throw
them out and hurt the people who are on
that land and to kill steal and do
whatever it you can do to take that land
that to me is unfair it's a human rights
human rights crime
sorry lady but that's crazy even if we
disregard biblical history there's this
little field of study called archaeology
that says the Jews were there first and
then there are all those wars that
Israel just keeps on winning to defend
its borders anyway what I want to know
now is why are none of the mainstream
media outlets and journalists in Ontario
confronting the NDP for their close ties
to this anti-semite why aren't the NDP
needing to answer for having someone as
anti-israel as Malory be their keynote
speaker at their convention and why
aren't the mainstream media journalists
confronting Andrea Horvath the NDP
leader in Ontario for this especially
since she has a candidate named Kathleen
Ria's who posted a so called
inspirational meme about Hitler now I
have to give credit where credit is due
and call out everyone else for running
cover for the NDP like the mainstream
media did in Alberta in 2015
Toronto some columnist Joe Warmington
and Sue Anne levy are doing the work
that needs to be done researching the
NDP candidates in Ontario and the rest
of the mainstream media should be
ashamed of themselves for keeping quiet
about the bigotry suanne and Joe keep
discovering let's pretend Andrea Horwath
were a Conservative politician for a
second how do we think her ties to a
noted anti-semite would be received by
the media oh and it doesn't even have to
ties to a noted anti-semite conservative
just have to be guilty of talking to
people that the media party really
doesn't like and actually we don't even
have to imagine we see this happening in
practice every time a conservative
politician goes on the CBC if a
high-profile right-wing thinker goes on
CBC let's say Jordan Peterson or Andrew
Shearer the host wastes questions asking
them about us at the rebel trying to get
them to denounce the CBC's competition
it's weird
just watch this speaking out against the
the federal bill c16 of gender pronouns
and so on the federal government cut
your funding for research rebel media
came in and did a crowdfunding project
for you raised about $200,000 after
Charlottesville and the riots of
protests there many people cut ties with
rebel media including the conservative
leader Andrew Shearer saying that it
could be seen as giving hate groups a
platform you still go on there so I'm
wondering why do you go on rebel media
after after Charlotte's you don't think
we should talk to people and right so
that's why I talk people who want to
talk to me generally speaking I'm trying
to be careful about it but I don't see
any reason not to talk to people who are
on the right I talk to people who are on
the left when they want to talk which is
very very rarely Tameka Mallory is
really no better than Richard Spencer
she's just a woman on the Left who
thinks the very same things as Spencer
does about the Jews Mallory is just
fashionable enough to play her identity
politics from the virtue signaling far
left instead of the fascist bad haircut
far right but you will never see Wendy
mez Lee confront jag meet Singh or
Andrea Horvath or even Rachel Notley
about their NDP associations with Tameka
Mallory because this is just another
case of if it's not a Tory it is not a
story for the rebel media
I'm Sheila Gunn read what you just saw
there is the daily video that I do here
at the rebel but did you know that I
have my own weekly full-length show it's
aptly called the gun show and I talked
to some of those conservative thinkers
who aren't scared of the CBC but to get
access to my show and the rest of our
amazing premium content treat yourself
to a rebel subscription today
