not only is the House of Lords trying to
derail brexit but Sadiq Khan the Mayor
of London is now telling MPs to vote in
favor of the amendments being made in
the House of Lords the Express reported
today that Sadiq Khan has called on MPs
to accept the Lords brexit plan and stay
in the customs union Sadiq Khan's
telling members of parliament that they
should vote with their conscience and do
what they think is right by voting in
favour of the amendments that are being
made in the House of Lords and if you've
been following this whole brexit
conundrum you'll know that the House of
Lords is predominantly against Bragg's
in fact they're just trying to stop it
there's been amendment after amendment
after amendment being made in the House
of Lords constantly defeating the
government in their attempts to pass the
the EU withdraw a bill from the Commons
to the Lords of - Royal Assent so it
becomes law and Sadiq Khan is just
another spanner in the works I've
reported on all this stuff with the Lord
recently but it's just amazing to see
that Sadiq Khan's getting in on the
action as well and he's told MPs to be
brave and vote for the amendments
suggested by the Lord's to slow down
greg's it and obviously ultimately stop
it but I wanted to introduce you to a
few of the amendments that are actually
being made in the House of Lords now
these amendments don't have to be
accepted but the longer this goes on
back and forth between the Commons and
the Lord's Commons law - Commons Lords
exits just being delayed in the meantime
and so these amendments will often be
seriously considered by the Commons in
order to get the legislation to pass one
amendment here and I'm just reading this
to you it says it would prevent the
European communities act 1972 from being
repealed until the government has laid
before Parliament a statement outlining
the steps it has taken to negotiate the
UK's participation in the customs union
with the EU the amendment says this
would need to happen by 31st of October
now this amendment was passed in the
Lord's by 348 votes to 225 with a
majority of 122 and it was a defeat for
the government and then there's
amendment
eleven and this was a Labour and Lib Dem
from benches cross effort in the Lord's
and again I'm reading it to you here it
says it would mean that secondary
legislation used to amend certain
retained EU law would be subject to an
enhanced scrutiny procedure this
includes retained EU law relating to
employment and equality rights health
and safety protections and consumer and
environmental standards now this might
sound lovely on the surface you know
talking about environmental standards
and equality and fairness and protection
in the workplace and lalala blah blah
blah all that stuff that's nice and good
and that's been fought for for years and
that the EU seems to think it has
ownership of it thinks the EU thinks it
came along and suddenly the world was
perfect it came along and suddenly
everyone had to equal pay and so the
animals were treated nicely suddenly the
environment was looked after no no we
had all these things previously and the
environment by the way I mean let's not
even go into the man-made global warming
theory but the environment it's just
gradually kind of I mean the state the
same what's radically different in fact
if anything more is being done now than
ever in even within national governments
without EU intervention at all so I mean
it's all just namby-pamby mumbo-jumbo
it's are designed to make you feel like
the EU is actually doing something but
what this is actually doing is all this
equality stuff in particular is an
attack on meritocracy and all the
environmental regulations are really
just you know is strangling businesses
with red tape but no Sadiq Khan wants
the MPs to vote in favor of all this
stuff and of the one amendment 49 which
amends Clause 7 of the bill tabled by
the conservative back-bencher Viscount
Hailsham Douglas Hogg and some
crossbenchers including Lord Hanna of
Chizik and lid down from benches labor
front benches so big people and they
suggested that a bill should be set up
it should set up a mechanism which would
force the government to renegotiate
withdraw agreement with the European
Union in the event of triggers being
pulled now I'm going to read
specifically what it says here it says
he gives ministers powers to amend
retained EU law using delegated
legislation so that ministers can only
use these power
were necessary rather than where they
think it's appropriate after this was
voted part of the bill changes to
delegated powers in cause 9 and 17 were
accepted so this is a way of allowing
Parliament to delay and reverse Briggs
in it was passed with a majority of 91 I
mean it's all complicated stuff you
don't want to be going in there reading
Hansard if you don't Hansard is the the
record of everything single thing that's
said in the House of Commons and the
Lord boring it's boring at the end of
the day because it's all posh people
talking to each other about things that
they think is too complicated for other
people to understand so they use big
language purposely let's be honest they
like to feel like they're clever and
they talk about passing all these
amendments to bills when ultimately all
this boils down to this isn't an attempt
to make the world better this isn't an
attempt to make UK law better this isn't
attempt to make brags it better this is
an attempt at confusing people at
delaying the process and stopping breaks
it and Sadiq Khan has got the cheek to
tell Labour MPs what to do he's not an
MP anymore he was the Labour MP for
Tooting he went off to to London he went
off to go and become the mayor of London
and let them the whole city become a
giant stab fest and he's done a fine job
of it but now he's going back to the MPs
to have an amount of vote he said in
this is what his quotas are saying in
the Express is he said Parliament has
the opportunity to reject the Tories
shambolic and reckless handling of
brexit and preserve our prosperity for
the next generation if MPs are brave now
it doesn't matter how well or how badly
the Tories have handled it when you
throw this whole process out it isn't a
rejection of the Tories this is a
rejection of the decision that was made
by 52% of the people of Britain this
isn't rejecting the Tories talking about
the the shambolic and reckless handling
of brags it by the Tories it's pointless
it means not thing all right it doesn't
matter how badly there might be handling
it you can't just throw out briggsie
because you're not happy with the way
the Tories are handling with handling it
I'm not happy with the way they're
handling yet I don't want the council
breaks it Teresa may get bloody on with
it I'm fine
get bad deal or whatever no deal ideally
just get on with it but then he accepted
the MPs
vote against brags it might be slammed
by their constituents and they will be
almost certainly but he went on to say
is extremely rare that Parliament faces
a vote that is more important than party
politics more important than MPs
ministerial careers and which will
define the generation of
parliamentarians in the history books
for the first time ever Sadiq Khan is
being principled he's standing by his
principles over his career
well not his career the career whore
always mates in labor and he's trying to
stand by his decision to reject the
decision made by the voters
interestingly 52% of the British people
voted for brexit and 40% of London voted
for greater which actually in London you
it's fairly high and those forty percent
that voted brexit were no doubt the
traditional London working-class labour
voters that he's trying to shove out of
politics and somebody rightly pointed
out online it's interesting more people
voted for Brecht in London than voted
for Sadiq Khan so Sadiq Khan who exactly
do you think you are and what authority
do you think you have when Sadiq Khan
tells us that MPs must start voting
against brexit and in favor of
amendments from the House of Lords and
when he says quote my message to former
colleagues in Parliament is don't think
about the headlines your career or the
campaign groups when deciding how to
vote think about your constituents and
vote for what you think is in your best
interest your best interest the MPS best
interest or the best interests of
working people across this country who
want out of the European Union see this
is the problem with politics this is a
problem with people like Sadiq Khan they
sit back they smile and and look smug
when people disagree with him have you
seen Sadiq Khan during the sessions with
the GLA he's the smartest man alive and
he treats constituents like babies who
need taking care of oh you know they
voted for breaks it in 2016 but they
didn't know what they were doing and you
know they didn't realize bless their
hearts they didn't realize they were all
gonna lose their jobs and that we're
gonna run out of food
in two weeks bless them what we should
really be doing is fighting in
Parliament against breaks it in voting
against them because that's what's in
the best interest of voters sod off I'm
sick of this
the average voters know way more about
normal life than any single member of
parliament anyone is in westminster
they've got no idea and even the people
that came from working-class backgrounds
have been completely consumed and
subsumed by the Labour Party sort of
politics and by the Westminster bubble
by the by the new world of politicians
and fine dining and being treated by big
business they've got no idea what it's
like and those who came from it have
completely forgotten what it's like for
normal people and these people have the
cheek they dare to stand up and say that
politicians should vote in a different
way
no the British people voted for Britain
Sadiq Khan more people in London voted
for Bridget than they voted for you
so Sadiq Khan sit down shut up if you
want to do some work maybe start working
on the fact that people are getting shot
and killed on an almost daily basis in
London and except the way the British
people voted except that London is no
different from the rest of the UK it's a
part of the country 40% of them voted
brexit and 52% of the British public
voted brexit accepted accept the will of
the people don't talk down towards and
don't act right you're any better than
those you're scum you're worthless
you're scum sit down shut up accept it
if you like that and want to see more
remember to like and subscribe and
download the new rebel app from the
Apple App Store and the Google Play
Store
you
