so I'm just about to ring one of the
candidates for the AFD so the
alternative for Deutschland he's willing
to talk to us about why he thinks the
AFD is performing so strongly right now
so we will give him a little ring ah
good morning good to speak to you how
are you doing good I have you on
speakerphone because I'm in my hotel
room and it's allowing me to speak to
you more easily so I'm now in Munich and
how are you doing how's your
preparations so your your information
booths just for our international
audience you may not understand but at
your information booths they are being
well supported people are turning up and
asked in Nuremberg the what percentage
do you hope to achieve in the polls or
when people vote what what number would
be a good number for the AFD
the average we hope to to treat in the
various 15 the red story is that
n√ºrnberg reserved completely red city
even worse that the northern part which
seems to be my part in order for
sequencing in in nuremberg relevant for
this pollution sure they're there for
sequencing in nuremberg on my part is
said to to go over to the green party
and all the rest will remain at the at
the at the red party i think so
so number gaza is a strength city and so
we will be we will have less yes and
when you talk about the red party you're
talking about yeah yeah and tell me in
terms of the vote that you would expect
for the AFD in the UK we have people who
have shy Tory supporters people who
won't admit that they will vote
conservative because it's not seen as
being you know liberal minded it's not
seen as elite it's really wrong you
think that's the same here in germany is
what people say outwardly very different
to what they think inwardly in terms of
the number of people that will support
and this guy he's married years old and
we had three holidays together for
skiing in austria about seven years ago
so he knows me I know him I know his
little on the left wing side so I left
the booth stop stop your arrest your
fascists I don't want to have anything
to do with you anymore so
your friendship with him and that's
upsetting upsetting for you you've been
on ski holidays together you know each
other well but now in the street he will
sort of denounce you there's an also
there's a view here up for the AFD
there's a lot of monitoring by the state
intelligence services and that there's
been a sense that if you support the AFD
you'll be under surveillance do you
think that's correct
I had to stand that kind of sense of
feeling of not caring I was watching the
news last night my German rather letting
me down to say I believe the AFD are
struggling as well because of the nature
of teachers in schools that are trying
to can you help explain the story to me
is it that teachers are trying to force
their students to think a certain way as
long as they keep it in mind or if once
stated from them they need to tag it
with a label hey that's my political
opinion
okay the story ends however when a
teacher tries to influence people at
school and for example we have the very
left-wing organization does it give a
draft Union and teachers make part of it
and body is is an instant arm of the SPD
of the Socialist Party and left so they
are very aggressive in showing method so
how a staff member can be mocked how
family members can be mocked and then
there was a there was even a brochure
which was online more than a week until
be founded and we said hail what Barry
is doing here they're completely
violating the contract
it's very similar yes sorry to the UK
it's a very similar problem that we have
so the Labour Party and the unions and
then the teacher union is very well tied
to the Labour Party very similar let me
ask you a question about the AFD more
generally in terms of support for the
AFD what is it that people are people
voting AFD
is it because of Merkel and her migrant
policy in 2015 is that the main
motivation Europe so they're beginning
to feel what everybody else from abroad
is merely seeing that there's a huge
wave of of migration and I mean
everybody is fearing any kind of change
that for sure
but this kind of change definitely will
not do do the better for the whole
Europe
when I talk to people from abroad I deal
a lot with Indians they say look at this
Marco lady has done severe damage to
whole Europe for more than a decade or
more than two one two generations and
different Romani tend to sleep they do
not want to be woken up so basically the
the objective of the AFT is to make
people wake up and to participate more
actively into the political process so
this was one of my ideas I wanted to
make a party if I may say so because I'm
one of them
if found our guys in the area that what
I want to have is the bloody lazy drama
waking up freakin fake Fidel and wake
him from his slumber and make him see
totalitarian states in the sense that
there's showing up using your gun
although I can tell you another story
there because we have a young
organization alternative it's called and
they made it happening yesterday if you
google it you'll find they made these
this shark from the spray and they made
a painting I think in Munich in front of
the buildings of the of the government
ah and they said look these are they the
people killed because of like like in
chalk on the pavement or something so
they live the youth movement of the
alternative for Deutschland put the the
people the German people who have been
killed by migrants
it's very much of the but essentially
your point there being that some youth
members of your organization created a
sort of artwork outside the government
offices it was a kind of representation
of the issue with migrants because of
the deaths of innocent Germans and then
they were visited at 5:30 in the morning
in their homes by what I would call the
Stasi but by government police Wolfgang
I have to run because I have another
meeting but I'm gonna call you guys cuz
I want to come and see you in Nuremberg
I'm determined of it listen don't beat
up no Jesus don't be afraid steady Katie
and listen thank you so much I guess
you're out you have campaigning now for
the next couple of days okay well listen
we wish you the very best I wish you the
very best of luck okay thank you so much
take care so interesting speaking to
Wolfgang said he's a representative he's
one of the founding members actually of
the AFD in Germany and just you know
somewhat chilling really that story that
the youth movement of the AFD which are
on the right people call them the
far-right but they're just the right
we're making a protest outside the
Parliament building and then because
they were there I guess they would have
put names of the victims of people
killed by migrants just like you may
have seen in the news and sheer myths
they were then visited in their homes at
5:30 in the morning by the intelligence
and police officers of Germany and you
know it's that feeling of the Stasi
clamping down and that's what you hear
from Germans off camera off record is
that if you speak out in this country
you will get a visit from the police or
the intelligence people here feel
watched and you can really feel it when
you're here so I look forward to
catching up with more of those
individuals and bringing you some real
truths from here in Bavaria to see more
of our work to see more of my
investigations here in Bavaria go to
rebel Bavaria calm and if you can help
us crowd fund any of our expenses we're
staying at very basic accommodations
please do go on and any support you can
give to help us tell the truths that
Anglo Merkel doesn't want you to hear I
would be very grateful for your support
I am here to bring you the news that the
mainstream media won't to join me in my
reports go to rebel at Bavaria calm and
if you can help chip in with any of our
costs just to cover our basics expenses
I'd really appreciate it go to rebel
Bavaria calm
you
