Wow
what a week of missteps for the NDP
first there was a candidate now two
candidates who don't like to wear the
poppy and then another candidate who
likes using a Hitler meme and then
another candidate who once brandished a
sign stating F the police so what's the
latest how about this a candidate who
thought it was perfectly okay to call
Toronto's first black police chief ah
kun
remember the name of the original
Saturday Night Live ensemble the
not-ready-for-prime-time players well
step aside dan Aykroyd and Chevy Chase
for me thinks this descriptor best suits
the Ontario NDP party in 2018 in the
past week almost on a daily basis yet
another NDP candidate has been revealed
to have had some embarrassing skeletons
lurking in his or her social media
closet and the latest candidate to make
one question the NDP's vetting process
well say hello to good old Jill and you
yes it's her again the crusader who
likes to speak out against body shaming
we first featured this intellectual
heavyweight in this space some two years
ago when Jill the thrill went on a
tirade against this ad for the Toronto
Transit Commission
now I think that ad is beautiful and
artistic but what do I know because Jill
was triggered by all those thin people
doing their ballet stick around TTC
vehicles here's what Jill said in a
Toronto Star article quote the body
types of most ballet dancers do not
adequately represent those of most
Canadians and I dare say most TTC users
end quote
and so it was that Jill wanted those ads
eradicated faster than she eradicate say
bucket of chicken wings by the way
here's Jill at the TED talks railing
about what she calls the ongoing thin
epidemic I have come to see now just how
fat and black embodiment how excessive
fatness and blackness make some people
uncomfortable especially those who were
born and raised on the milk and honey
the Western comforts of your eccentric
and FinCEN tricked body and beauty
ideals um just what the hell does
blackness have to do with fatness
why is everything even obesity about
race
oh speaking of race apparently Jill
really put her size 12 shoe into her
size 13 mouth a couple of years ago
because it was revealed by Sue Ann levy
of the Toronto Sun that Jill wrote that
her quote 2016 Coon award goes to
Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders yeah
that's right the chief was the recipient
of this outrageous slur because Jill
thought Saunders was being too harsh on
black lives matter Toronto after these
nuts disrupted the gay pride parade and
made anti police statements but alas NDP
leader Andrea Horwath says she has no
problem with Jill's odious language
according to a follow up story in the
Sun Horwath said that Andrew was just
using language employed in the black
community to show displeasure with
leaders not felt to be doing enough to
address black community issues oh okay
then well I guess it's alright to call
the chief a coon and I suppose if Jill
Andrew was really really pissed off with
Saunders then she could use the n-word
right because racial slurs are
apparently okey dokey when it comes to
expressing displeasure with the
performance of black leaders if that's
the case congratulations miss Horvath
because with you giving Jill Andrew a
pass in such a nonsensical fashion you
are guilty of committing the racism of
low expectations and how very fitting
that you are the leader of Ontario's
not-ready-for-prime-time players
for the rebel dot media I'm David the
men's ID Menzies hey folks you may have
heard the rebel has a brand new app
please download that app and take the
rebel with you wherever you go
you
