white liberals don't really care about
black people I realized white liberals
don't really care about me bronze cracks
I'm off the plantation bro I'm off the
plantation bro that was Stanford
University student Abbi banks talking to
Candace Owens and Charlie Kirk at a make
Stanford great again event on Tuesday
and he made a couple of really salient
points it started by three lesbian woman
it's not really supporting black
families my question is what do you
think that has to say about the movement
that they don't mention anything about
your you know it is very curious indeed
that a movement purporting to care about
black lives chooses consistently to
target the police instead of the
epidemic of single-parent households
kids who lack positive male role models
are much more likely to participate in
gangs and engage in crime and it's not
just black youth here's now band
comedian Owen Benjamin on Twitter
of the 27 worst mass shooters in America
only one was raised by their biological
father
so why target a symptom of the problem
increased police presence in black
communities when you can target the
actual problem bringing them there in
the first place
why does black lives matter attack the
symptom instead of the problem unless
they are more more motivated by politics
and ideology than actual welfare of the
black community but back to EBI after
the talk the student said he's just
trying to find the truth and is not
either liberal or conservative he feels
like both sides have partial truths but
not the whole truth
he suggested that he started becoming
woke when he was wrongly accused of
sexual assault in high school back then
he says white liberals were very eager
to demonize him I realized no one on the
Left was going to validate my victimhood
banks said if I got stopped by the
police I could talk about that with
white liberals but once you talk about
being falsely accused it's a taboo
subject so it seems like what banks
experience there was being on the wrong
end of the victim hierarchy you see
these rules can sometimes be confusing
listen and believe applies if it's a
black man accusing a white police
officer of unfair treatment but if it's
a black man claiming he didn't sexually
assault a woman listen and believe only
applies to the accuser not the accused
because I think the saying is guilty
until proven innocent or something
for campus unmasked I'm Rob simcha if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
