when we drilled down to the nitty-gritty
he's saying that for an average and
terian family of four you could expect a
244 dollar check to offset the carbon
tax but when you look at how everything
is going to increase I came across one
estimate that that you know same family
would be paying more than $7,000 in
regard to the increase in the cost of
goods so the math does not add up no no
the math doesn't add up at all and a lot
of people I mean we we finally I guess
saw the you know the nitty gritty such
as it is yesterday and of course
anything like this is based on a whole
pile of assumptions they have to make
assumptions as to what an average family
is going to consume how is this gonna
bump up gas prices how is it I mean
there's just there's you know there's a
possibility of failure at every single
step in this process of estimation so
I'm sure now that the announcements
fairly recent it was just yesterday so
I'm sure a lot of economists and others
will be you know examining all the gory
details here and and disproving the fact
that this again this magical tax is
going to give you back more than what
you pay for businesses as you alluded to
David morees their prices and what kills
me is these strong proponents of
environmental you know measures such as
this is supposed to be and there's a lot
of doubt about that but they exempt all
these businesses who export to other
countries because they know it makes
them uncompetitive so they're exempting
big companies many of which are big
polluters and of course there including
the vast majority of small businesses
who typically do business more locally
within Canada but every business is
gonna have to factor this into their
cost structure prices are going to
increase and how anyone can estimate
that your average family's going to get
you know get gonna get this this money
back and only pay and pay less than that
is beyond me it just it does not compute
and again if people buy this that they
really are delusional
that's an excerpt from my daily show the
Ezra lavance show weekdays at 8:00 p.m.
Eastern every day I do a monologue
interview a guest and read my fan mail
and my hate mail to subscribe go to the
rebel da media slash shows
you
