the Electoral Commission has just
released the first quarter donation
reports from political parties in 2018
and the Labour Party has hit a record
low every year political parties have to
give full accounts of all donations and
all spending and you know make sure
everything's transparent and every
quarter they report on the donations
that come into the party over certain
amounts it's around 7,500 pounds so
every donation that's over that has to
get reported every quarter and the
Electoral Commission have just released
quarter 1 2018 and it contains a few
surprises so we can look at the small
parties as a women's equality party 10
grand could well have just been one
donation of 10 grand the renew party
which is really interesting which is a
new political party that's pro-european
Union receives a hundred and eleven
thousand six hundred and seventy-one
quid now that's a lot of money I think
we need to do everything a bit of an
investigation into this see what exactly
is going on there and what prospects
they're kind of looking at because
111,000 is about a fifth of what the
Liberal Democrats received and they're a
major party the Liberal Democrats
received five hundred sixty four
thousand 135 pounds the Labour Party
well we'll save that the Green Party
just 18 hundred quid less than the
women's equality party which is
interesting in the Green Party you've
got an MP and the co-operative party now
if you've even Brits don't know about
the craft cooperative party actually the
co-operative party is a political party
that works with the Labour Party and you
again you may not know this but the
co-operative party have got loads of MPs
in Parliament because many Labour Party
candidates stand as a Labour Party coop
party candidate there's a combination of
the two and it's it's they basically
believe in the co-operative system the
conservative and unionist party which is
the full name for the Tories four
million seven hundred and twenty four
thousand seven hundred and seventy six
quid that's a lot of money
but the Labour Party which has more
members than all of these parties
combined I think combined only one
million four hundred and ninety four
thousand two hundred and sixty-seven
quid
that's not a lot of money in fact that's
a record low for the Labour Party right
let's look at the membership here for
instance so the Labour Party has five
hundred and fifty two thousand members
as of January this year the Conservative
Party
124,000 the SNP 118 thousand the Liberal
Democrats a hundred thousand the Green
Party forty one thousand you Kip twenty
one thousand two hundred but I suspect
there's something going on there
actually because I don't believe that
there's 21,000 members still at a new
kit this happened with the BNP they used
to report really high membership numbers
because they had membership plans for
people that were life memberships so
maybe something like that's going on
with you Kip and played kimrie which is
the the party for Wales has around 8,000
members which I find is actually really
interesting cuz out of only 8,000
members in the party like imerys got 10
Welsh Assembly seats 200 council seats
to police and crime commissioners one
Lord and four MPs with 8,000 members I
mean that's nothing less there's plenty
of parties in the UK that have you know
just under ten thousand members and have
never got anywhere but ply kimrie
somehow seems to have done it the you
Kip story is interesting his works as we
see there they've they claimed to still
have 20 1200 members and there was talks
of big donations recently to the party
by Gerard batten there was they raised
300 grand battement said and it saved
the party because there was debts to pay
there was a court case to pay off and
yet you keep haven't reported any income
over seven and a half grand you keep
haven't recorded anything in quarter one
they don't even appear on the donations
list which leads me to believe or leads
anyone to believe one of two things
either they haven't filed and they
should have done
or they've just not received any big
donations which is it's interesting you
must be tough being you Kip and again I
know I know it sounds like I'm being
tough on them but and maybe I am but
this really is a drastic decline of a
political party that was once the third
biggest force in politics and arguably
the biggest force actually in politics
it beat everyone else and got as brexit
so it's interesting to see nothing went
over the mark with you Kip now there's a
report here in the express it says
Corbin plunges labour to new low
donations just a third of levels reached
under Miliband people aren't as
impressed with Jeremy Corbyn as he would
like us to believe he mobilizes the
members well he gets new members on
board he gets the young people out there
but actually Corbin's pretty polarizing
for the left you know the I there is a
sort of a surge of dissent in the labour
party recently which is really
surprising you see the people that are
concerned about his anti-semitism you've
seen the people who were concerned about
the the trans madness like there was
like that guy that tried to stand as a
candidate saying that he identified as a
woman on Wednesdays between what was it
6:00 a.m. and midnight so the Labour
Party is not popular with with itself
and he's known it was popular as people
want us to think I think the problem is
the reason why it looks like Corbin's
doing so well is that the the main may
and her cabinet actually just aren't
doing all that great themselves they're
not doing a great job of this but this
report it's got some interesting stuff
at the bottom that I just want to end on
it says it's about donations to the big
parties it says meanwhile Tory's amazed
conservatives revealed they were handed
4.7 million in the first three months of
the year compared to the 564 thousand to
the Lib Dems leading Tory donors
included israeli-born businessman a hood
shall egg sorry if that's insensitive
I'm crap at pronouncing these names the
owner of the house and art gallery who
gave the party children of 50,000 pounds
in the run-up to last year's election
this year mr. Shadegg handed the party
an additional 500 grand between January
and March the Tories also received five
hundred and eighty-two thousand three
hundred and fifty eight quid bequest
according to the figures from the
electoral
mission from girder winder who died aged
86 in Colchester in April last year so
somebody left a lot of money to them in
the well and the party's chief
executives Michael Davis gave the Tories
two hundred and sixty-seven thousand
quid during the same period as he
continues to act as treasurer well it's
interesting that a political party
that's got about a quarter of the size
of the membership of the Labour Party is
making about three times as much money
in big donations but until we see the
full accounts for the political parties
it could be interesting to see just how
much money the Labour Party is made in
small donations remember the the Bernie
Sanders campaign in America even the
Trump campaign they made a lot of money
through lots of small donations and core
being could be still doing that Corbin
could be supporting the party and his
election campaigns through lots of small
donations the membership fee isn't much
but if they've got five hundred thousand
members and each of them gives a few
quid a month in donations this works out
a lot so I guess really it's hard to see
much in this data until we see see the
four years accounts but it does kind of
reinforce the the old the old claim
about the Tories doesn't it
you know big business big bunny not
interested in normal people they're
getting hundreds of thousands in in one
go usually big donors come with demands
so I don't know could that be having
something to do with Theresa Mays
disastrous brexit policies could they be
swaying her I don't know it just amazes
me that anybody is willing to give any
money to these corrupt if you like that
and want to see more remember to like
and subscribe or download the rebel up
from the Google Play Store or the Apple
App Store
you
