actions speak louder than words so the
famous Google doodle drawings on the
search engine homepage should speak
volume since it's the act of publishing
and creating specific art and phrases to
honor certain days and people they want
us all to remember like when they wanted
to make sure we all took a moment to
recognize and remember anna sama bin
Laden's sympathizer while posting
nothing for Memorial Day Wow I'm Ben
Davies this is pure Hollywood Memorial
Day is the day set apart to stand in
remembrance and reverence for those men
and women that gave the ultimate
sacrifice for us sacrifices that allow
the tech giant the freedoms and uses for
its own sanctimonious moral posturing
for example Google taking the time to
make sure we all remember people like
Yuri Kochiyama a left-wing activist but
more importantly a terrorist sympathizer
in an interview Yuri said quote I
consider a Samba laden as one of the
people that I admire to me he's in the
category of Malcolm X Che Guevara
Patrice Lumumba Fidel Castro all leaders
that I admire they had so much in common
besides being strong leaders who brought
consciousness to their people they all
had severe dislike for the US government
and those who held power in the u.s. is
that hard to stomach I hope so
in contrast the search engine Bing made
sure that its homepage had powerful
images of men and women who serve and
who also have given the ultimate
sacrifice a sacrifice that first would
need to be made for all these other
groundbreaking achievements that Google
and other search engines always try to
promote many inventions or achievements
in science or opportunities or glass
ceilings or whatever never could have
happened without first these men and
women sacrificing their lives to give us
the freedoms to do so now Google has
already earned plenty of criticism for
example not having Easter on its Google
homepage for the past 18 years which I
don't know is the most important holiday
of the largest religion in the world as
well as it's rumors of downgrading
specific conservative searches
personally I started using Bing cuz I
find it almost impossible to sift
through all the nonsense on Google to
get to what I actually need to find a
specific article whether it's a
political point of view or statistics on
it thank goodness for Bing or it'd be
almost impossible to find anything
pro-gun or any of this statistics from
the actual CDC articles now of course
Google is a private company it can do
whatever it wants with the freedoms that
it has that also means
that I had the freedom to give the
Bernie Sanders of search engines the
middle finger and go somewhere else like
maybe a search engine that had the
decency to take one day off from its
business or agenda to thank the people
that gave him the freedom to have one
I'm Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood
and another fantastic news you can now
download the rebel a pan take me with
you wherever you go to get exclusive
content in the entire rebel lineup
you
