Caty am i misstating this I mean it
sounds and I know the pretext for this
is that he was interfering with jurors
but it he was speaking his views on a
public street when he was arrested and
convicted immediately and sentenced to
over a year in prison am i miss
characterizing that you're not at all
that's exactly what happened he was
outside the courts he was reporting on
the trial of a grooming gang as I would
call it a rape squad it's a cause as you
rightly say that he's believed in for so
many years and he's one of those people
who's been calling this out relentlessly
despite all of the slurs that are made
against him and yet within five hours he
was arrested he was tried and he was
sent to prison for 13 months and none of
us were allowed to talk about it
write about it mention it because there
was also a ban on any of the media
speaking about it that's support I don't
understand these are very dark times in
the UK it's a very curious feeling in
this country at the moment and I would
say the country is on a knife edge there
is a real sense now that we are against
our own government that the
establishment is working against us and
in order to cleanse voices it doesn't
like it will put them inside for as long
as it needs to to shut them up that's
horrifying
I don't know we I'll be honest anything
really about Tommy Robinson I don't care
I don't know what he believed doesn't
matter he was saying if he thinks I
probably take that Tucker I don't know
Tommy either I'm not a colleague of his
I'm not sure I don't work with him many
people say he's an idiot and in some
ways I sure he's been told not to report
at these trials and yet he's still there
reporting he didn't go with his lawyer
or solicitor you know he knew he was
going to get into trouble but then I say
to myself even if you don't like the guy
even if you don't know the guy surely
there's some fundamental principles like
yes
where was the swift justice for the
victims of the grooming gangs
where was the swift justice for the
eleven-year-old that was raped if we can
get Tommy in prison within 5 hours where
was the swift justice for these
men and where was the swift justice for
the victims and I would also say no
matter what you think of Tommy whether
you hate him love him don't know him
throwing him in prison when he is a guy
who's repeatedly calls out majority
Pakistani grooming gangs rape squads
that is a death sentence for Tommy
Robinson and we may criticize our
government may criticize the Russians
like for getting rid of scribble and
other spies they don't longer they no
longer want in our country but our
government knows if they put Tommy
Robinson inside as they have done and if
he is put on an open wing he will not
survive his time inside so I don't see
how we're any different from the
Russians if this is how we're going to
cleanse people I agree that speak out
against the establishment this is Barry
he's a dark time where he media and I
wear the media in this I mean so again
you don't have to like this guy or know
anything about him to understand what's
at stake here which is freedom of speech
freedom of expression freedom of the
press why would media outlets in Great
Britain go along with this gag order why
didn't they just defy it go ahead and
arrest us all if this isn't a civil
rights issue then what is a civil rights
issue well this will where we divide
Tucker into right and wrong good and bad
and I have to say I feel like the
majority of mainstream media right now
in the UK is on the side of the bad it
is more important for them to be seen as
multicultural and accepting and
welcoming to our Muslim colleagues and
our friends than it is to stand up for
what we know is right so it suits them
much better to say well no Tommy
Robinson is an idiot he was told not to
be there at the court he was still there
at the courts and the law is in in every
sense justified to throw him inside and
they're celebrating just as they're
celebrating with Roseanne but actually
what we have to ask ourselves is what
happened to freedom of speech in the UK
because I firmly believe it it's my
opinion we no longer have freedom of
speech in the UK and I believe Tommy
Robinson will be killed inside the
prison and it will be the establishment
that have blood on their hands everybody
watching this should be horrified this
is a threat not only to your rights but
to the rights of every American our
rights derive from
British system this may be a glimpse
into our future we should fight back as
hard as we can
thank you very much Katie Hopkins for
that Thank You Tucker
