the Canadian government is being
outwitted outspent in outreach on social
media by a pro migrant activist group in
New York State but that's because not a
penny has been spent by the federal
government on facebook ads targeted at
deterring illegal border-crossing the
pro migrant group Plattsburgh a Karass
has been running around northern New
York State plastering coffee shops and
bus stations but their little how-to
pamphlets giving advice to economic
migrants fleeing the Trump
administration's crackdown on those
folks who have overstayed their visitors
or work visas or those folks who were
illegally in the United States in the
first place now the pamphlets tell these
migrants about the best way to break
Canadian immigration laws claim asylum
here and then take advantage of Canadian
social services now in the face of this
now might seem like the best time for
Canada's federal government to get the
word out to these economic migrants and
there's a front door that they need to
use to come into our country one would
think the federal government would maybe
start spending some money on social
media advertising to get the word out
where a lot of people tend to get their
news on Facebook
now the government has in the past
promised that it would be promoting a
message that there is no free ticket to
Canada on social media channels but as
global news reports Ottawa has not spent
a dime to spread the message that
walking into Canada is illegal on the
largest social media platform there is
Facebook instead the Canadian government
has been doing a few sparse advertising
purchases limited to search engines like
Bing and Google a lot of the information
being spread about how to get into
Canada is happening on social media and
in particular on Facebook and it's
happening right out in the open and for
the federal government that is so
concerned about Facebook
cracking down on fake news they don't
seem to be all that interested in
cracking down on the fake news that
Canada has an open border with no
immigration laws to speak of the feds
aren't doing much of anything on social
media to stem the tide of illegal
immigration into Canada despite the
burdens this influx is causing on
Canada's largest city centers like
Toronto and Montreal
but where is Canada aggressively
spending their social media budget well
there was that twenty two thousand
dollars spent on snapchat filters alone
for Environment Minister Catherine
McKenna's Department and if you didn't
see McKenna use those snapchat filters
well that's because she has like half
the country blocked on social media oh
but that's not where the federal
government's missed placed social media
advertising priorities and the Canadian
government is spending millions upon
millions of dollars on Facebook ads and
boosted posts the information was
revealed through a very clever order
paper question asked by Sylvie Boucher a
Conservative MP from Quebec the
Immigration Department spent more than
two million dollars on Facebook
advertising campaigns which included
international ads promoting visa
requirements and economic immigration
streams it also spent nearly forty eight
thousand dollars in Canada to promote
the Syrian refugee program but not a
penny was spent on Facebook ads to tell
people that they just can't stroll
across the border wherever the hell they
feel like luggage in hand and then just
put a root down in this country in all
over two years across all federal
departments from January 1st 2016 to
March 2018 the Federal Government of
Canada spent more than 24 million
dollars on Facebook and Instagram ads
promotions and sponsored posts and
videos when you see where the Liberals
are putting their social media spending
priorities it almost feels like the
federal government isn't that interested
in stopping the inflow of illegal future
liberal voters at all for the rebel
Media I'm Shiela gun Ruiz hey did you
know that we have a new rebel media
mobile app it's available on Google Play
and the Apple App Store download it give
it a whirl take the other side of the
story with you wherever you go
you
