so I'm here in Bavaria to talk about the
elections that are coming up this
weekend Bavaria thought it might be
handy to find out where it is exactly on
a map so it's in Germany but
interestingly Bavaria is on the border
with Austria and when Angela Merkel
decided that a million migrants could
come to Germany in 2015 most of them
came through here Bavaria
it's a wealthy part of Germany and doing
really well it has unemployment under 3%
and some really large factories are here
global brands like BMW Audi and Adidas
but there is major unrest here and for
the first time in living memory Angela
Merkel's sister party the Christian
social Union the Conservatives if you
will are not going to get the majority
it is predicted that they will take a
walloping at the poles and it will send
shockwaves through the whole of Germany
including Berlin for the first time they
won't get a majority for the first time
they will need to make a coalition with
another party and this is all really
because of the rise of the populist s'
you know elections in Europe aren't
really about the left or the right
anymore
they're about the globalist the open
borders the people who are Pro migration
versus the populist s' and those willing
to stand up in defense of their nation
join me at REBOL Bavaria calm as I take
you through the events as they unfold
here in Bavaria and let's see if this
really is the twilight years of Angela
Merkel I am here to bring you the news
that the mainstream media won't to join
me in my reports go to rebel Bavaria
calm and if you can help chip in with
any of our costs just to cover our
basics expenses I'd really appreciate it
go to rebel Bavaria calm
you
