I mean I'm a fairly new Ontarian as you
know Jerry but I'm sort of comfortable
with her as a person I mean
ideologically i i am totally opposed to
the NDP but i'm what i detect might
happen is that people say oh yeah her
she seems nice enough she seems friendly
enough doug ford i don't like for this
reason Kathleen when I don't like for
that reason I'll go for the the third
choice and I feel like that's what
happened in Alberta let me show you sort
of a mash up of Andrea Horwath really
trying to get some punches in you tell
me how you think this went over did this
show a level of confidence that voters
will like or do you think this might
have taken the shine off and your whore
breath take a look so their plans their
plans out the window mr. Ford not
cherries their plan is actually up the
window you made a seven billion dollar
mistakes and the Liberals are cooking
your child care plans well actually your
plan has people Chuck paying two
thousand dollars a month for child care
in Toronto so she was doing a lot of
interrupting I mean I know that's not a
substantive reason to vote for someone
or not but these things sometimes matter
it gives people a certain feeling do you
think she came across as a tough cookie
who's gonna hold doug ford to account or
do you think she came across as a how do
you think that went for it i tell you it
didn't actually look that bad to me if I
was democratically cheering her well
maybe but it's not just New Democrats
she has to win over at this point I
think she finds herself in this amazing
position where she could theoretically
be premier I don't think that the NDP
have thought about that for quite a long
time which I'll get to in just a second
because it gives them another problem
but I thought she seemed incredibly rude
but then I'm not predisposed to support
the NDP anyway I think if it were
flipped around and Doug Ford was
interrupting the woman as rudely as she
did for 90 minutes last night that would
have been the headline this morning but
that's the double standard and I think
that that Ford understood it and played
the game well in that regard that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
