what's interesting as there is this
hasn't been really discussed all that
much even though it's a hidden in plain
sight story anything people would be
surprised to hear that
over 500 kilometers away this is where
roschmann road is somehow there are
people crossing there and a completely
different province and yet many of them
are winding up in Toronto and in just
the past 4 week period they've already
had about 400 people enter the shelter
system in Toronto they're estimating
that by about November the shelter
system is going to be made up of about
55% of asylum seekers of of illegal
border crossers and that's not including
perhaps previous government sponsored
refugees may and be in the shelter
system a little bit
and of course dealing with the homeless
population in Toronto and and last
winter there's a bit of a crisis
released if they don't have the space to
house people who are already there so
the city said what are we gonna do well
we've got all these students who have
just left their dorms we're gonna take
800 beds and we're gonna commandeer them
turn them into refugee centers what
happens so when school starts again in
September well they've said then we're
probably going to have to commandeer
community centers now as our I asked the
city I said can you tell me how that
will affect programming because I know
all the community centers in my area
where my children play and there's not
just massive rooms that aren't being
used there's usually the gym and then
there's a place for older people to you
know do Tai Chi and play cards and so
forth and then that that's kind of it so
are you shutting down the gym so you
know little Johnny doesn't get to play
basketball that's look it looks like
that's what will happen in September
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Azrael avance show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
