you would think that somebody who is a
librarian would be well-read and then
there's Laura chemica a librarian who
wants to be the NDP member of provincial
Parliament for Mississauga centre just
wait'll you hear some of her ignorant
views
well kudos to the best city called mist
in Canada Joe Warmington of the Toronto
Sun for exposing the repugnant
viewpoints of a candidate in Mississauga
Centre Laura the librarian chemica for
starters chemica refuses to wear a poppy
on Remembrance Day yeah she apparently
thinks that anyone who does wear a poppy
on November 11th isn't doing so to honor
the veterans but rather because they've
been brainwashed
here's Hammacher in her own words from a
2014 blog post quote I just wear my
piece button on my jacket as always and
wait for the collective brainwashing to
blow over end quote who's doing all that
brainwashing and for what reason you
asked well again over to Kevin Kerr
quote when our masters give the signal
everyone can take off the fake poppy
made with prison labor and create a bit
more landfill and another annual ritual
of war glorification comes to a close
end quote oh so I guess the brainwashing
masters are the rank-and-file of the
Royal Canadian Legion true the poppy we
wear in November isn't a real poppy for
obvious reasons but the sentiment behind
that plastic poppy believe me that's not
fake and if cam anchor is so concerned
with prison labor is there nothing she
owns that wasn't made in China I doubt
it
what a hypocrite by the way she's also
dead set against pro sports teams like
the Maple Leafs and the Blue Jays
honoring the veterans by asking fans to
stand for an ovation quote why is war
glorified at a baseball game or a hockey
game why is military worship associated
with sporting events why should we
accept this as normal and natural end
quote well that's hot isn't it there's
no detrimental effect to the environment
by giving the troops a standing O and if
she thinks this is about military
worship then she must be the most
ignorant librarian in the Greater
Toronto Area that's not a jab by the way
just an honest observation it gets worse
this Nutter has actually pondered if
9/11 was an al-qaeda attack quote enough
about September 11th for the u.s. for
the world
enough already end quote and to think
Hammacher was born in America
someone who fled to Canada in 2003 to
protest her native country's political
stance on wars in Iraq and Afghanistan
hopefully he's president Trump can you
bring her back home pretty please not
that cam and car would return to the
home of the free unless Bernie Sanders
was president you see she's also
apparently a Marxist she has gushed in
the past about a Marxism conference that
made for a quote weekend of inspiration
education and revolution end quote
maybe she oughta try emigrating to North
Korea or Venezuela by the way if the
term Mississauga Centre rings a bell
folks it's likely because earlier this
month PC candidate Tonya Granick Allen
was given the boot by her party for
allegedly making homophobic and
Islamophobic remarks apparently Granick
Ellen having concerns about the hateful
haberdashery that is the burqa and for
not being super keen about gay marriage
well that makes her a vile bigot
even though without the support of
cranek Granick Ellen PC leader Doug Ford
is not PC leader but a Marxist who hates
the idea of honoring War veterans and
thinks 9/11 was no biggie well NDP
leader Andrea Horwath says she stands by
a cam and Kerr freedom of speech and all
that how long it seems the freedom of
speech defense only pertains to certain
topics and autre still is that without
the blood spilled on battlefields by
millions of soldiers the likes of Laura
cam anchor and Andrea Horwath wouldn't
be taking advantage of free speech today
the irony must be lost on them for the
raveled media I'm David the men's ID
Menzies
hey folks have you got your tickets yet
for the rebel live wow what a lineup
Katie Hopkins Ezra Levin
Sheila Gunn read John Cardillo and so
many others please go to the rebel
live.com and get your tickets today
you
