this is the largest mosque in America in
the heart of Dearborn Detroit it's
called the Islamic center of America and
for the thousands of people who worship
here it's a place of prayer visited up
to five times a day how many people come
usually say like a prayer time like a
thousand or a hundred or I'm allowed
inside this massive facility as long as
I abide by certain preconditions I have
to cover my head as laid down by Sharia
law I have to stay with my guide I must
be accompanied by him and I'm not
allowed out of his company and thirdly
I'm not allowed to document anything I
see here I'm not allowed to take
evidence of what I observe this mosque
was built in 2005 because by Iman Shari
was the original Imam who star if I'm
sharing this is the history you can see
that we have the mosque started this is
among Sharia this is Muhammad Ali clay
Jesse Jackson and you see the President
Carter this mosque is a sprawling
facility and can accommodate 3,000
people when full its minarets are nearly
ten stories tall and it's been visited
by some very powerful political players
and celebrities what other presidents
have we got you might have to help me
just sign picture from George Bush and
that's the Iraqi president
I'm just looking visiting with Iraqi
president in 19 1961 this mosque is a
gigantic expensive foothold in America
for the moderate Muslims that we always
hear about it's a place for people to
stop by to pray to give speeches and to
preach to a wide congregation of people
right here
in Dearborn Detroit but even this
moderate version of Islam still has
remarkably backward attitudes when it
comes to women my host reveals that I
would be required to be at the back of
the room
lest men were overcome with sexual urges
with me in front of them during prayer
well you see now you have to face the
East East women in the back yeah why is
that okay
what would happen if I snuck to the
front no you can't go to the front
because I think you should start why a
woman should wear a scarf a woman is
more than a time
she's value very valuable to the extent
that in life the ice sometimes goes
different ways and different thoughts so
a few if a woman is in front of me and
I'm praying without me intending my
concentration will be whooping on her so
my focus will not be right got it
also because when she go down and
everything there's a lot of postures
that will not be appropriate this is the
kind of sentiment that reminds me
exactly why I'm here and what I'm
fighting for for an open society where
women are treated as equals in Islam all
women are sexual objects forced to drape
themselves in cloth to stop men from
thinking proscribed thoughts it's a
chilling echo of Sharia where women are
punished by death for exposing
themselves to men and it helps explain
why in certain Muslim controlled areas
of Paris and London and Sweden Western
women are spat at or called white trash
for not covering themselves it seems
like these thoughts that are taught in
the mosque spill over onto our streets
despite us having Western laws in place
to protect us and that's what worries me
about places like this the Islamic
center of America it is a kind of
friendly tolerant Islam stripped of the
barbarism of the Islamic extremists and
yet
the underlying beliefs are taught and
still there and I think it helps explain
much of the rise of things like honor
killings and female genital mutilation
which we've seen occurring in places
like Michigan Abdul El Sayed practices
this kind of Islam as do political
pushers like keith ellison or reza aslan
they tell you there's nothing to fear
but I worry this is just the tip of the
iceberg and if you ask me what this
means for the future of America I'm
terrified I'm being sued by the mayor of
Malin Beck for defaming the reputation
of her town which is also called the
jihadi capital of Europe if you can help
me with my Legal Defense Fund to fight
back for the freedom to speak out
against people like her who aren't doing
their jobs
then do join us at save Hopkins calm and
give what you can
