I'm Angela van it's May 23rd and you're
watching battleground
hello and welcome to battleground I'm
sorry just out of the corner of my eye I
saw the first comment here and it just
made me laugh
Ezra you have massive soy mouth in that
picture change it dude now sorry mouth
is more like that I was just smiling
like like that I wasn't even saying I
would if you said smile so I just sort
of went you know that wasn't that wasn't
sorry mouth but that's very funny
oh my god I'm sorry you threw me for a
loop there it's such a funny comment
what are we doing well every day from
12:00 noon to 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time we
have a live chat on YouTube and YouTube
actually gives you the name they called
super chat which is not a reflection on
anything I'm doing this particularly
super it's just a way that you can chat
with me in this super way you can make a
normal comment as the soy mouths insult
now I can't stop thinking of that by the
way or you could put what's called a
super chat for two bucks or more your
your comment is in bright highlight and
if it's a lot of dough like five bucks
or 10 bucks or the other day some of you
fifty it's appended to the top of that
and it stays up there for a period of
time so it's a way for your chat to be
very bright and stand out and believe it
or not we get the dough here at the
rebel so it helps us pay the bills just
for those who don't know what it is and
I'm obviously very upset
soy mouth is this pose that all these
leftist soy boys who love their soy milk
do it's it's they almost always have
beards and they have a super big open
their mouth like it's just it's a weird
pose it's it's like it's a thing it's a
so it's a selfie thing and I swear
that's not what I was doing when I was
taking that picture I'm not gonna talk
about it anymore
but you've managed to knock me of course
hey I here's what we're going to talk
about today speaking of YouTube and
Twitter and things of that sort
I've got some video from the European
Union yes they were Nigel Faraj the
former UK boss it takes on mugs at Mark
Zuckerberg great question and Ally
answer obviously Zuckerberg lies just
all the time we've got a weird
barbecuing video from Mark Zuckerberg
and then I'll tell you the bad news that
I learned literally in our Africa is
that Facebook has suspended the rebels
homepage we are not allowed to post
anything I wanted to livestream this on
Facebook as we've been doing this week
that is suspended as well in fact our
administrators here the office are
blocked from their personal accounts
Facebook will not tell us what we've
done will not tell us who complained if
anyone here it is Reyes please review
your pages content to continue
connecting with people who like your
page please review the Facebook
community standards and remove anything
on the rebel that doesn't comply with
these policies well everything complies
that we we have thousands of posts
they're just saying hey check the rules
man and follow them to if you'd like you
can temporarily unpublish the rebel
while you review pages content well when
you're finished you'll be able to
republish your page would you like to
unpublish your page now this is what
they're saying so it this is exactly
what all our administrators got this and
by the way they're not even allowed into
their own personal Facebook pages right
now can you believe it and and what did
we do wrong
we don't know thousands of Facebook you
find out you know what you did wrong
it's it's like that KGB I forget who was
at the one of the bog was a Barry or one
of the first KGB bosses who said find me
them give me the man and I'll find you
the crime as in you know what you did
you know what you did wrong and if you
can't think of what you did wrong I'll
find out something you've done wrong
because we just we're just going to use
the rules in that kind of a you know
we'll use the rules as an excuse to get
you we've we've already convicted you so
what we charge you with is really
irrelevant because you're guilty we've
said you're guilty we all know you're
guilty and the process is a joke I was I
was thinking about a dozen years ago
when I was hit with a human rights
complaint for publishing the Danish
cartoons of the Muslim Prophet Muhammed
I know if you remember back in the
Western Standard 2006 we published those
and I was hit with two complaints by the
Burda government's human rights
commission some radical Imam from
Pakistan had complained and the
government of Alberta ran with the case
for almost three years it was ridiculous
it was absurd but at least I knew who
made the complaint I got to read the
complaint I saw what the subject matter
of the complaint was we published the
Danish cartoons they talked to me about
it they asked me to answer that I don't
know if you remember I did a video of me
being grilled by the prosecutor of the
Alberta Human Rights Commission and in
the end that I mean rules were very
loose you see but they did have some
rules and I didn't have the power to
cross-examine the complainant but I had
some rights and in the end they dropped
it because there was a process what
process is here suddenly our admins log
in and they're told you've done
something wrong and I think we all know
that you know that we know that you've
done something wrong so we just know and
it would be spoken in that Catherine
McKenna valley girl accent like we know
you've done something wrong and you have
to you would you liked it would you like
to unpublish your Facebook post
would you like to because you've done
something wrong I think you know what
you've done wrong so that so what an
absurdity and is there there's not any
way the email given to inquire of course
no phones no texts no human being just
just that result
that's what censorship looks like in
2019 in 2006 when we published the
Danish cartoons of Muhammad in 2008 when
I was interviewed on video
that's what censorship was like in 2006
2007 2008 it was a government censor
saying I'm here to censor you I'm
grilling you I'm coming for you and you
could fight back in 2018 there's no
complaint there's no complainant there's
no process it's just done was this
because Justin Trudeau bossed around
Facebook as we saw in the Toronto Star
article can you find that Toronto Star
article and then put it up while I'm
talking about it I don't know if you saw
this funny enough it was in the Toronto
Star which is a very left-wing newspaper
very censorious very social justice for
your newspaper but they but they know
news when they see it they actually have
some good news judgment over there even
though their ideology is far left and
look at this article we'll just call it
up my friend Hannah's getting it right
now this was published in February about
a conversation over Christmas we're here
look at this
so February 8th let me hold it on the
screen I'm going to read a Trudeau to
Facebook fix your fake news problem or
face stricter regulations if you scroll
down a little bit Prime Minister Justin
Trudeau has warned social networking
giant Facebook it needs to fix it's fake
news problems or face stronger
regulations from Ottawa well that's just
sort of says it all you censor people we
don't like or will force you to Trudeau
told Facebook chief operating officer
Sheryl Sandberg in November so it was
even before Christmas he was concerned
the company wasn't doing enough to stop
the spread of misleading information on
their platform a source with direct
knowledge of the conversation told the
star ok so Gerald Bud's called up the
star I scroll down somewhere I want to
read some more Facebook has been under
intense international scrutiny for
allowing so-called fake news false and
often outlandish information president
has represented his legitimate
journalism to propagate on its network
well not really I don't think any normal
people are upset with what they find on
Facebook any more than they're upset
with what they find on the Internet this
crap on there there's gold in there and
the crap by the way half the time comes
from official sources like Justin
Trudeau making up his cockamamie
conspiracy theory that that terrorist
who accompanied him to India was planted
by the Indian government for example Oh
get me read some more sometimes the
articles are simply hoaxes designed a
profit from Facebook users clippings but
as seen during the 2000
the me read that last paragraph it's the
killer as Canadian political parties
prepare for the 2019 federal election
the source said Trudeau suggested Ottawa
could intervene if Facebook doesn't
adequately address the issue so scroll
right back up to the headline again so
the takeaway is fix your fake news
problem or we will fix it for you
and the kicker that last sentence was
and you better do this before the next
election you would think that would be
the news story of the year you'd think
that that would be of extreme importance
to every journalist every Canadian who
values a spectrum of opinion and wants
to make their own choices about what
news and facts they consume wants to
make their own choices about what fake
news is and isn't wants to be able to
judge for themselves if they have to
take the CBC at face value or if they
can be skeptical about a state
broadcaster for example
no in fact other than that original
piece in the Toronto Star I have not
seen any references to that story
anywhere where is the Canadian Civil
Liberties Association imagine if Stephen
Harper had said that to Facebook YouTube
Google Twitter you better stop that
misleading news about me I'm not a
meanie you ban it or all ban it magic if
Stephen Harper had said we wouldn't have
heard the last of it but Trudeau says it
to show Sandberg a senior source says
and everyone says ok got the message
there's this media culture is sick and
as I've mentioned before Kevin chan they
had a policy for Facebook Canada used to
work for the Liberal Party of Canada
so yeah twist my rubber arm boss sure
will censor your enemies ok yeah boy you
know it's it it's happening and as
Trudeau says the country he most admires
is Commons China specifically for its
quote basic dictatorship so he's an
authoritarian just like his father
always was he's an authoritarian it's
12:10 and we're doing super chat super
chat is what YouTube calls it you can
make a super chatty comment in the right
hand side there and I'll read it because
there's a lot of comments going by I
really obsessed about the one that was
making fun of my open mouth smile
I see Tom young John says restocking the
oceans a conservative cause Tom I know
this is the third time you've asked me
about it and and I'm sympathetic to
restocking the oceans as a major eater
of tuna and salmon I am partially to
blame for the despoliation of the Seas
but as a landlubber from Alberta who is
now landlocked in Toronto I have very
little personal experience with the high
seas and I get a little seasick I
remember once I was in the Caribbean on
the cruise and went out on a boat and
I'm not meant for the sea not meant for
the sea I meant for you know
Saskatchewan where you can have a puddle
that's like a mile wide and an inch deep
where you can watch your dog run away
for two days
that kind of flat Prairie that's for me
so I'm gonna rely on your wisdom Tom
about restocking the oceans you know I
mean I just I just don't want to say but
I appreciate you raising it again let's
look at some more comments and then I'm
gonna get to some of the news today
other than our own news mmm
Andrea Hetherington says seriously
people dump Facebook well easier said
than done two billion people are on
Facebook which is its greatest asset
Facebook has some cool technology there
are other platforms that do too but the
reason we all use Facebook is because we
all use Facebook it only works if other
people are on it and because it was
first
and it was the leader and because
Zuckerberg although extremely weird is
extremely smart he's a sociopath there's
no doubt about who's a liar but many
brilliant people are so yeah if you
leave Facebook you are it's like you're
leaving a mighty battleship to go into a
dinghy and maybe that's fine but you
will not find the functionality else or
even if there were a site that was
superior I've said this about gab the
alternative to Twitter 300 million
Twitter users three hundred thousand gab
users
so yeah I mean it's a tiny tiny place
there are obviously individual people
with 300,000 flowers where Donald Trump
is over 50 million so it's that Network
effect it's having everyone else on
there that makes Facebook powerful
unless you're really saying I'm going to
cut myself off just from reasons of
breaking away from screen time then but
that's a different argument if you want
to break from your phone if you want to
break from a screen if you want to get
out in nature but that's different than
oh I can do without Facebook if you are
into social media tom is laughing at my
very weak answers on seafood fair enough
Trin oculus PE says hate speech
enforcement to avoid civil war well see
that's your problem right there is hate
speech enforcement does not release
pressure and ease tensions it's like a
pressure cooker I put it to you there's
a direct correlation between societies
that allow robust free speech
rambunctious free speech offensive free
speech and peace
and a direct correlation between
countries that censor comments and
violence because if you have no peaceful
outlet for your grievances what are you
going to do first of all you don't feel
validated you're not even allowed to
express your dissent
second of all you have no chance of
solving your problem peacefully through
persuasion so what else can you do but
boil and boil and boil until you say
down I'm gonna do something take direct
action free speech may be hard on our
ears sometimes but it is surely a better
alternative than taking away free speech
Elly Clark thank you for $10 says enjoy
seeing your sense of humor shine through
on these live feeds your accents are my
favorite really Ally I was sort of
embarrassed at my accents the other day
I don't think I did them well and I'm
always worried that I'm gonna you know
you a get it wrong there's nothing worse
than someone doing an accent that's
wrong I suppose the only thing worse is
if he gets slapped with a human rights
complaint I'm not particularly worried
about that's a more of a joke but these
days you can't do an accent or people
get not people just the fancy people the
people who professionally take offence
which leads me into our gross story that
it's not going to be as gross as the
bathroom story that we had yesterday and
I apologize for that
for showing you the Tim Hortons thing I
almost gagged I don't apologize for the
Zac tweet the Dave Berg has cuz that's
just the funniest thing and but I'm
sorry it was so bathroom me but there's
just a lot of bathroom news yesterday
it's just the way the world works but
let me tell you today's gross news of
the day and it's gross in that it's sort
of a private matter that you don't
really talk about but someone really
really wants to talk about it and the
government thinks it should talk about
it too let me show you an article on CTV
Canada's largest private broadcaster
transgender woman files Human Rights
complaints against Windsor spa now that
is not the transgender woman there that
is the owner of a spa in Windsor which
our American friends will know it's just
across the river from Detroit I'm gonna
read some quotes from this but I'm gonna
just point out something here CTV sorry
this is this actually isn't a CTV
article I said this is from the Windsor
star but in this this story is in a lot
of different places
in fact it's and I think our friend
David Menzies did a video about it I saw
this in various US students because it's
just so crazy but you know it's you know
it's the trend so before I read to you
some articles on this they're going to
use the word her and she and if you do
the mental reservation and pretend that
we're talking about a woman then then
there's sort of an intellectual
consistency and you'd say yeah a woman
went to an esthetician to get a private
beauty treatment and she was turned away
but that's not true a man who says I am
a woman is not a woman that's just a man
saying she's a woman he's a woman you
know the old joke
I identify as an attack helicopter yeah
but you're not you're just a little
goofy as I've said a hundred times the
proper response to people who are
transgender is sympathy and kindness and
most importantly not to be mean as
studies by various gay and lesbian
groups in the United States have shown
transgender people are deeply troubled
and the suicide rate for transgenderism
is shockingly high in fact according to
one reputable study done in concert with
the UCLA Law School a gay lesbian
organization and the suicide foundation
in the state's gold standard study
academically credentialed it found that
transgender people who go through the
surgery to get their kibbles and bits
cut off
or go undergo hormone therapy therapy
have a 50 to 60% suicide attempt rate
60% 6-0 as in most and it gets more the
further down the road you go because of
course because of course if you're
troubled by something cutting off your
twig and berries ain't gonna fix it it's
not gonna fix it you're just gonna think
oh my god what did i do why didn't you
stop me and if you go on the meds the
hormones you think that's gonna make you
more even killed and at peace with
yourself of you you put it you put
yourself on hormones to change your
nature but you can't change your nature
yes you can convince some social justice
journalists to say she and her but
you're a guy with troubles and I say
again before I get to this story don't
pick on people with troubles don't don't
harm them no violence don't be mean to
them but enabling them and taking their
side against reality is doing them no
favors I see a super chat out of the
corner of my eye I'm Raven Wolfgang says
well Lindsey Shepard be at the gathering
on June 2nd yes she will and Raven I
think I recognize your name from the
guest list so I think you've registered
too
I'll see you there and Lindsey Shepard
will be there on June 2nd for people who
want to know what I'm talking about go
to the rebel live.com it's coming up in
just a couple weeks so yeah I look
forward to meeting you Raven okay back
to the story I'm enough preamble I just
want to make it clear if someone is a
trouble person
the only don't be mean on don't make it
worse but don't weaponize them don't
don't take their side against reality
don't take their side against others and
don't turn someone who is probably a
victim in some parts of their lives
probably abused in some ways don't turn
them into a victimizer don't turn them
into a bully and without further to do
now let me comb the story I just wanted
to say I'm gonna read it's gonna be
absurd because I'm using the word sheet
a local transgender woman well you lyin
right there it's
man who presents as a woman claims she
can you lyin it say he was denied
services based on her gender stop lying
and gender expression and is seeking
$50,000 for a mensch harm to my dignity
immense harm to my dignity let's keep
reading mm-hmm I see a new super child
come back to a little bit later
following a conversation with an
employee she I'm gonna I'm just gonna
correct it too he because I'm sorry I
yes this is what the article reads like
but it's obscuring the truth this is a
man who's saying he's a woman and that's
why this is a story you will see the
reason in a minute so I'm gonna change
the wording here because I'm not going
to pretend that that's not reality
following a conversation with an
employee he asked to speak with the
owner Carothers said he called him back
and explained that the female employee
working that day was a practicing Muslim
who refrains from physical contact with
males outside of her family so let me be
clear here you have a fella who's still
got his meat and two veg all right you
so he still got his gear he's a fella
yeah he says it's a gal but he hasn't
gone the whole nine yards and he goes to
a girl's spa where girls do girl things
and guys shouldn't go in there
it's a girl place and girls do things
and that's great that's what girls do
and they get prettied up and they you
know that's not for fellas
this fellow went in there and he said
wax my junk and that's it's a girl place
though and you can say you're a girl but
you're not a girl and your plumbing is
very unruly and I think that's a form of
sexual harassment frankly you go into a
women's spa for an aesthetic treatments
use that phrase aesthetic you want some
aesthetic treatment done and if it's all
girls girls helping girls that's great
you go in there with your fellow stuff
and you say
get going yeah I'm not gonna call that
assault but I'm gonna call that a sexual
harassment or something and frankly if
you're a female employee who works there
and you do that that's I I just think
that is super weird because that's not a
girl that's a guy who says he's a girl
okay let's keep reading so now the heat
here is referring to the boss of the spa
he said his business has no policy
against serving transgender clients
really I once again reiterated in state
my position in the position of Mad wax
Windsor that all clients regardless of
sex gender gender identity sexual
orientation are welcome he said in a
statement however we also welcome and
support all of our staff members and
respect their religious beliefs and
feelings of safety and dignity yeah no
doubt in regards to the right to perform
waxing services on males or male
genitals okay so here's the thing
there there may be a male approach to
getting a male version of the lady
treatment that's not but he went in
pretending to be a woman and demanding
that a Muslim woman do that now I'm not
saying that can't be done but don't
pretend you're a woman and don't insist
that a woman who has traditional
religious beliefs objects to doing
what's so fascinating here is it's
obviously a game of politically correct
poker because on the one hand you've got
the absolute flavor of the month
transgenderism which sway Trump's
regular gay or female or visible
minority so like there's nothing hotter
right now it's so buzzy transgenderism
well then you've got a Muslim woman who
is sort of Sharia compliant doesn't want
to touch other fellas private parts
who's gonna win in that poker hand
politically correct poker I mean a white
guy is like a is like you've got a high
card emanate
right if you're if you're a white woman
it's like you got a pair of pair of tens
you're gonna Trump a white guy a gay guy
is sort of like you got three of a kind
that's obviously going to trump a white
woman a woman of color I'm just playing
politically correct poker
I didn't write these rules I'm just
explaining them I'm just explaining you
know you got to really have the
substantive game is Sammy Davis jr. he
was black he was Jewish and I think he
only had a vision in one eye that's a
pretty high hand in politically correct
poker would you agree with me well I
think that both a transgender fella who
wants to be waxed and the Sharia
compliant Muslim woman I think that
we're talking about clash of that Titans
like that's something you can make an
Avenger movie about like I mean all
you're a baby though like everyone else
just backs away and goes whoa let these
two Duke it out who do you thinks gonna
win who do you thinks gonna win it's a
tough one it reminds me of that case in
Toronto few years ago at the terminal
City barbershop downtown where there was
a Sharia compliant Muslim barber man
who's just a barbershop wasn't a hair
salon and and a lesbian woman named
faith McGregor came in and said give me
a business man's haircut and he said you
know I don't touch women not my wife
there's a ton of barber shops within the
Stones Throw here why don't you go there
well that was a hell of a showdown right
Muslim man lesbian woman that was the
battle royal in its day but that was
before transgenderism became a thing and
a Muslim woman obviously Trump's a
Muslim man impala tically correct social
justice terms and a transgender man
obviously Trump's a lesbian woman don't
you think so this like wow wow this is
going to be they should charge
pay-per-view for that human rights
complaint fifty thousand bucks they
could make that up in pay-per-view right
away I mean that's gonna be amazing
I missed a super sweet super chat let me
go back and find it VM Parliament have
you seen an increase in subscribers to
your show you know what I don't know the
stats off offhand I'd have to check that
so I don't want to guess without without
looking sorry you know we have we have
new subscribers coming in every day I
don't know which are attributable to
this noon hour talk look at that it's
already 12 27 and all I've done was talk
about a fella who wanted a Muslim woman
to wax his gear and and our Facebook
thing I'd you know I just the court my
comment David had you said ask a
Christian Baker what to do oh you were
so right I mean didn't we learn from the
state's recently where a gay couple
insisted that a baker bake a gay themed
cake and was a Christian Baker and we
saw this with the pizza parlor too you
must do it you have an obligation to
provide a you must swallow your
religious customs isn't that what this
transgender man is doing here he's
insisting that this Muslim woman handle
his
curtain piece and I know if it was good
enough for the Christians to be
subjected to is it good enough for the
Muslims why this is gonna be a hell of a
battle
I'm just looking through some more
comments blue main sources hey Ezra hey
Andrea Heatherington the left will
eventually cannibalize itself yeah but
you know they're gonna rip up a lot of
things in the meantime I I do not
subscribe to the Marxist the continents
the Leninist motto the worse the better
no no because the the theory behind the
other things have to bottom out before
they get better no don't do that the
pain is not worth it and you destroy a
lot of I mean you destroy a lot of other
things I'm down the way so yeah the left
is devouring itself as if something make
me particularly does not give me any
consolation mmm Rhaegar Targaryen Evans
sour does she have a video talking about
her being fo nationals are you talking
about I don't know you're talking about
their I missed the earlier reference
I'm just skimming here Muslims are
usually above gays in PC pokers as Theo
Elias I think you're right if I had to
bet I would bet on the Muslim woman
especially in Windsor it's a very Muslim
town like I say across the river from
Detroit very Muslim city Dearborn I
don't know if you've been watching Katie
Hopkins as being in Michigan for us it
looks like they may be the first u.s.
state in the Union with the Muslim
governor and not a liberal Muslim either
like he's a Linda star Stuart style
Muslim Brotherhood supporting radical so
yeah Windsors just across the river and
I I think that the culture of Windsor is
changing because of its Muslim character
and I mean there are public schools with
5060 percent Muslim kids and I just
think that political reality is that
Windsor is not really a safe space so
use a leftist word for gay activism
anymore it's like Amsterdam Amsterdam is
the gay capital of Europe really it's
the San Francisco of Europe it's the you
know biggest gay pride and all that but
it is also now a gay bashing capital
because there's so much asama fication
in amsterdam and you can't have people
who love being out and about and flaunt
their gayness in the same city as Sharia
compliant Muslims who believe in
violence and so the gay bashing Xin
Amsterdam are an epidemic and which is
going to win that well I bet on as as
you know al Qaeda said bet on the strong
horse when people see a weak horse and a
strong horse
I bet on the strong horse and at the end
of the day what's going to happen if
there's a clash the titans between the
gay activist or a transgender activist
and a Muslim oh well which group
sometimes resorts in the extreme to she
has violence there's no gay liberation
organization there's no I'll got al
gaida it's not al Gaeta it's al Qaeda or
Al Qaeda and at the end of the day
politicians and are cowards and judges
are a species of politician especially
human rights commission judges they're
going to side with the muslimah that's
my that's my prediction okay I don't
think I've missed any I don't think I
missed any super chats it's already half
way done and I haven't I've just really
got started why don't we take a short
break
I want to show you a short excerpt from
my 8:00 p.m. show last night let me be a
few minutes of it right now by the way
the footage I showed you was uploaded by
various people onto Twitter and Twitter
took it down they banded they claimed it
violated the privacy of the ante for
thugs who hid faith and that's not true
of course you have no reasonable
expectation of privacy when you're in a
public place especially the protest
where your own organization is literally
advertised to the media to cover the
protests there's no privacy they have
their faces covered anyways as male
feminists sometimes do when they punch
women that's the anti foot calling card
the cowards calling card so no privacy
to be violated and they're criminals but
Twitter agreed with Jonathan la mattina
the CBC best not to show a woman getting
attacked because that undermines the
narrative after all the far right is
violence not the far left that was what
the CBC reporter said publicly and it
was like on Twitter by all sorts of
other journalists including for example
rosemary Barton the CBC's a feminist
political boss she liked it it's weird
that way the CBC is fine with men
punching women if it's a feminist man
leftist man they love is she on kamesh
CBC even set up a war room for gamma XI
to discredit his accusers they only
fired younger Messi when he made the
legally foolish move of confessing his
violence in a weird Facebook post they
stood by him until that moment the same
thing here but more so they they hate
faith because she's right-wing
and so they're pleased that she got here
not not even secretly pleased because
there why be shy about it all the fancy
people agreeing it's like when Sheila
Gunn Reid was punched in the face by
Dionne boos an NDP activist in Alberta
he was convicted of a crime and then
lost a civil suit brought by Sheila but
the media called him the victim because
he got some mean comments on Facebook
for punching a woman he's a CBC hero
though a male feminist or when Lauren
southern who was grabbed by a male
transsexual activist at U of T he was
the hero to the CBC because they hate
Lauren saw them they're fine with him
being punched by a man again and again
considered women are physically attacked
again again at the very least the media
ignore it but quite often they cheer
along it was a clip for my show last
night I think we probably should have
started with showing of violence against
faith Goldie herself you might not have
understood what that clip was a
reference to without it faith the who's
a former employee of ours went down to
the border crossing between New York and
Quebec at rocks some Road and there's a
protest there open borders closed
borders whatever ton of police both
regular police and a riot squad and
faith was punched kicked pushed with
impunity police didn't do a thing in
they were literally an arm's length away
they didn't do a thing and the media did
a thing they filmed it all they did not
use the footage because that's contrary
to the narrative to show the violent
masked alt left punching or kicking a
girl that looks awful so they just left
their footage on the cutting room floor
and they sort of laughed at faith just
like they always laugh when conservative
women are attacked which brings me to
the case of Tommy Lauren I'll show you
that in a minute but first news Rita I
see a super Chad blue Mazur says Trudeau
is the Canadian Ken Barbie doll that's
right yeah I think he's pretty
empty-headed and he just speaks in
cliches that wouldn't be a problem in
itself because a happy shallow Ken doll
doesn't really do a lot of harm he's
sort of a mascot trouble is he's a cover
for people who are doing harm under the
surface in the Prime Minister's office
alone I think Gerald Butz the Prince
secretary makes the real decisions and
so you have Gerald BOTS have the power
without the accountability or
responsibility and treedome it's really
just a mascot a distraction a sleight of
hand
but back to the left the alt left
normalization of violence I suppose they
started with the punch a Nazi theme when
Richard Spencer the alt-right racist
from the United States was punched in
the street in Washington DC was such a
mean punch a Nazi
trouble with that is who gets to decide
who is a Nazi and and by the way being a
Nazis are not illegal and you don't have
the legal right to punch people you
don't agree with if you punch a Nazi can
you punch a communist can you even punch
a convicted criminal in the street the
answer of course is no because just
because someone else is a criminal
doesn't give you the right to do
something criminal
but punch a Nazi became so normalized in
celebrity circles in the popular culture
but how long would it take to move from
punching a racist or maybe even a Nazi
supporter I don't think that Richard
Spencer is a Nazi I think it's a racist
it's just punching anyone or it's
hacking anyone you simply don't like
because they're conservative or support
Donald Trump well the answers were there
already let me show you a clip of Tommy
Lauren the very recognizable Fox News
host blonde hair a certain look you
could take it or leave it
but she has to say I like what some of
the things she says are the things I
find a little bit jingoistic but that's
fine
you know it takes all sorts MSNBC and
the left news channels they have their
hosts you can take it or leave it but
I've never heard of Rachel Maddow or any
of the CNN host brian Stelter is very
irritating I've never once heard of them
being attacked just out in public Glenn
Beck I know he's been attacked in public
take a look at this that we've bleeped
out the swearing so it's just a bunch of
bbbbbb beep but I can assure you that
these are bad words underneath it look
why are you even out here out of here
yeah she's just out of the patio
enjoying the Sun with her mom I think
and just the swearing swearing swearing
why are you here get out of here driving
her out from a just a restaurant and
that's normal that's just normal these
days that's been normalized
that's actually not normal but that
threat of violence has been okayed by
the left by everyone from you know
symbology like Kathy Griffin holding a
fake severed head of the President to I
mean the police themselves when the
police in Quebec stand by his faith
Goldie is assaulted what message does
that send we have that message and even
with environmental extremists they break
the law with impunity what message does
that send
I think I saw another super shot go by
let's take a look
vizac chipped in two dollars and 79
cents thank you says how about Sunday's
live two hours most people off work you
know we'd be that's I've been thinking
about it because on the one hand I like
having the whole staff feed you know
video clips and stuff when I call for
them out of the blue and I suppose we
could get folks to come in for a couple
hours on the Sunday they're rolling
their eyes probably hearing my big old
plans I don't know I mean I know that
some other folks who do this haven't
been shapiro alex jones they do it
during the weekday i think i'd like to
do it an alternative time of day to get
people who aren't at work to be part of
the super chat of course you can watch
this on youtube later and I think we
make an audio podcast out of it I'm
still not resolved on then I mean some
people say how about do it at 5 p.m. or
6 p.m. I don't mind the Sunday's idea
although I am a busy dad and by busy I
mean I'm basically an unpaid uber driver
taking the kids around everywhere so you
know I I'm not sure if I would be able
to commit to the same two hours every
sip it was like a late Sunday night kind
of thing I don't know I'm gonna take
that under advisement I want to figure
out what the time
time is because I wonder if I did a
different time like a neat like maybe
after the kids are in bed like what
would happen if it was like a 10:00 p.m.
thing would would we have five times as
many people watching I don't know I
guess I'm not finished thinking about
that
it's 12:40 and I and I feel like I
barely got started here we're almost out
of town let's play a clip from my friend
Sheila Gunn read here's a promo for her
next show hey everybody it's Wednesday
and you know what that means it's
another all new gun show with me your
host Sheila Gunn read now joining me
tonight to cut through some of the fake
news that came out of the United
Conservative Party's founding policy
convention in Red Deer a few weeks ago
and what a bunch of parents can really
do when they get organized and they get
focused is Donna Trimble from parents
for choice in education you don't want
to miss it
one of my favorite human beings in the
world my friend Sheila Gunn read I see a
comma I was just glancing at the
comments while we were playing that
promo Robert Jackson said Ezra what do
you think about Glenn Beck at going
Magga make America great again I'd say
two things first of all I have disagreed
with the great many things Glenn Beck
has said and done over the last two
years but I actually believe his heart
was in it the whole time I don't think
he was acting on a malice or bad faith
Glenn Beck is sort of an emotional
person I think he says exactly what he
feels and thinks at any moment so I
don't think it was like a I mean maybe
there were some opportunism he wanted to
Zig where others zag but I don't think
it was like some of the nevertrump errs
who were clearly paid by super PACs or
paid by political enemies to be never
trumpeted I don't think Glenn Beck was
that way I think he was honestly upset
by a few things that Trump did is style
I think Trump's rough style worried and
offended going back anyways I guess what
I'm saying is maybe I'm naive but I
don't think Glenn Beck was actually a
malicious never Trump er I'm like let's
say when Evan McMullen or some other
concerns of being revealed just to be on
the on the super PAC payroll against
Trump so I actually think that because
he was a good faith objector and now a
year and a half into Trump's presidency
he sees well look I can't argue with
foreign policy I can't argue with energy
policy I can't argue with environmental
policy I can't argue with the Supreme
Court pick Israel North Korea Iran
immigration I think Glenn Beck is honest
enough to say alright I can no longer
justify my anti-trump ism so I think it
actually you know some people say oh
that's Genest Acree brand well I'm sure
I'm sure it'll help his business but I
actually think it's he honestly was
against Trump even if he was mistaken
and he honestly came back to Trump even
if it looks craven so I actually give
Glenn Beck the benefit and I think he's
got a good heart you know some wacky
decisions along the way absolutely but
this my thoughts
let me read I see some more super chats
here's one from Craig McDonald's $6.99
thank you very much Craig hi Ezra I see
Barbara Cade back on your show
occasionally yeah she's great
will Laurie goldstein make a return as
well are you still friendly with Bryan
Lilly on Laurie Goldstein I like Laurie
and you know he used to come on I think
once every week or two for years and I
had a really comfortable rapport with
him and I really appreciated his common
sense approach he is also a super expert
in matters like carbon taxes and
cap-and-trade and stuff I don't think
I'm telling tales out of school to tell
you that he has been ordered by his
editors not to come on the rebel they
just for reasons of political rivalry or
business Robert I don't know because of
course we have either Sun news
contributors who who Sun media
contributors who come on Anthony fury
against Malcolm Joe Warmington whatever
so yeah I don't know why they cracked
down on Laurie and I miss him I think
it's great and we're still chummy enough
you know he just doesn't come by anymore
Brian Lilly no I can't say I'm friendly
with Brian Lilly I think he he threw all
his old friends here under the bus for a
momentary a minute of grace with his new
employers at Bell Bell media and I think
it looked very bad on him I mean I don't
have any malice towards him but I think
he left us in in a pretty low class kind
of way he he threw the whole staff here
under the bus in a weird and bizarre
Facebook post that I think it hurt a lot
of feelings of the staff I mean I listen
I got a thin the skin is thick as an
armadillo things takes a lot to prick
through my thick hide and by the way
under my thick skin there's also a thick
layer of fat so you got to be really
natural insulation as I call it so you
got a so I mean not a lot of things hear
my feelings anymore but I think Brian
Lilly heard the feelings of the staff
who were so loyal and supportive to him
for what almost three years and then
just suddenly for him to say that he
thinks they're racist or something was
Regus so yes so that's brand Lilly it's
a very candid question very candid
answer but look we have an amazing
line-up of people the media business has
a high turnover business any media
company except for the state broadcaster
it's sort of but they're a union shop
once in never out kind of thing just in
the last six months the number of fresh
talent that we've brought aboard from
Katie Hopkins who's a star to John
Cardillo he just hits it out of the park
every day Sebastian Gorka was doing a
daily video he's had to cut back as he's
just too busy but he's great we've got
Kurt Schlichter who's joined us and
started from LA Ben Davies Amanda head
of course in Canada were fighting the
fight to we're looking for new talent
but I mean we have so many voices Jack
Buckley in the UK is doing two videos a
day and they're getting a lot of views
so um yeah I mean there are some people
who left the rabble because they got
better offers some people who left the
rebel over editorial disagreements some
people who were ordered to by their
bosses like aureate Laura Goldstein but
we we Trek on we're almost three and a
half years old and we're producing more
content than ever what problem Rob shim
shock another great addition I don't if
your being our website campus unmasked
calm can we throw that up on the screen
you know some of our folks don't even
know about that we have a daily video
and news report I don't know if you know
this every single day we have a news
story shortener story and an
accompanying video usually about five
minutes long about extremism on campus
here's a look at the website just scroll
up for a bit can you see right the top
says campus on mast prof calls largest
police union fascist prof ordered to
apologize for elevator lingerie lingerie
joke muslims student hopes hamas
tortures Israeli soldier slowly I would
you see the next one they're anti food
groups suggests burning police this is a
web site you can see it looks a little
bit different than our regular rebel web
site it's set up to I think it looks
great you can see on the left says
trending there
there's left-wing outlet Asif Peterson
enables jew-hatred just crazy crazy
stuff so I love this page and Rob shim
shock is the name of the journalist
behind it he's a fairly young guide not
too far outside of school and so so that
is our campus it's really a campus watch
and it's it follows an tyfa and the
american and any canadian if if you see
i don't you can see the menu at and bar
up there it says colleges USA canada so
it's about half us about half canada so
we've added that in the last I don't
know six nine months kind of thing so
there's there's a lot of great stuff for
the rebel and yes some of our alumni
have gone on interesting things but I'm
very proud of of our team and who knows
who will have in the future all right I
see some more super chest let me get to
those ali clark awesome rebel lineup
right now well thanks very much i
appreciate that craig mcdonald we need
to see more lauren country well what do
you know we gotta learn guns are on the
show tonight
learning got you're just on holiday just
got back on monday so um
8:00 p.m. lauren got just a bit of a
regular that's another sun media guy he
comes on i don't a couple times a month
so he'll be on tonight at 8 p.m. and
maybe dave revered you right i haven't
reached out to Dave in a little while
but he's always a hit alright it's 12 49
and I want to get to Zuckerberg I
already told you about the fact that
Facebook has suspended our camp no
explanation they just say you know what
you did wrong so you better fix it and
do you want to unpublish your entire
Facebook page now no actually I don't
but you're cowards for not even signing
a name to the complaint sounding a name
of who made this decision telling us
what was wrong there they're a bit of a
sociopathic company because they've
taken on the embodiment of their boss
let me show you an exchange that Nigel
Farage had with Mark Zuckerberg who was
in the European Union taking questions
from legislators there and that's where
Nigel Faraj he sits for you Kip in the
European Parliament take a look there
are there were a couple of questions
about about political
that I want to touch on because I think
that this is a very important topic as
as a couple of you mentioned we are
committed to being a platform for all
ideas that means that we want to make it
so that that people can come to to our
service and and share any idea across
the political spectrum it's very
important to me that we're a service
that allows for a wide variety of
political discourse we view that as a a
big part of our responsibility and I can
commit to you here today that we will
that we we have never and will not make
decisions about what content is allowed
or how we do ranking on the basis of a
political orientation so that that's
that's an important philosophical point
for me that that I'm that I'm proud to
be able to commit to there was a
specific point around around
distribution and reduction of seeing
people's content and on that would I
just say is we've made a number of
changes this year to make sure that
we're showing people's friends and
family and community content more than
public content in general so a lot of
the feedback that we've heard from
people is that they come to Facebook
because they want to stay connected to
people I guess we didn't show you Faraj
his questions he basically said why are
you suppressing traffic to
right-of-center sides and not left the
center sites it was a great question by
Faraj but the answer was telling you saw
Zuckerberg saying oh no no no no no
we're not censoring concer sites
we're censoring the nature of sites we
were going to give you more friends and
family and less news well that sounds
like an answer but if you look at in
fact the amount of traffic to liberal
news sites has increased so the traffic
to conservative sites has decreased but
the traffic to Liberal sites has
increased Mark Zuckerberg answer was a
lie as so many of his statements are
he's he's always got that sort of very
strange stare so it's hard to say he
would be an amazing poker player because
you just he's so awkward all the time is
that all one big poker tell is he all
bluffing is he always lying
he really is not good at natural human
emotions I want to show you a clip we're
not gonna play the whole thing this is
an excerpt for he did a Facebook
livestream the other day when he was
barbecuing because that's what human
people do he heard someone gave him a
briefing note that humans sometimes
barbecue meat and he said well I am a
human and I will now eat the barbecued
meats and then he did a Facebook live
and here's sort of a supercut of that
I'm not gonna play the whole thing I'll
play as much as I can as I can stand
roll it for a bit
we are live from my backyard where I am
smoking a brisket and some ribs I am a
Mick meets now smoking these meats here
are a little meat smoking it's smoking
so I'm the meat chef yeah someone asked
me do I smoke meat smoking meat smoking
these meats smoking meats earlier in the
day smoking these meats just set the
charcoal up and you set the the
woodchips up and then smoking meats
grilling grilling meats good smoky
flavor smoke a brisket for like 12 hours
you smoked lemon chicken
smoked salmon you'll love it bison
sirloin ribs and sausage so I'm looking
forward to that today we got a brisket
on the big guy and some pork ribs on on
on the green egg meat like a brisket I
got ribs in there finishing off the
brisket in the ribs no no just sit into
our backyard finishing off this brisket
and these ribs but hopefully for
Canadian Thanksgiving you get to eat a
lot of brisket ribs how many of you guys
are eating brisket and ribs tonight
brisket and and ribs they taste doubly
better when when you hunted the animal
yourself so what are you guys making for
dinner brisket ribs I hope delicious
brisket ribs ribs and the brisket need
to be eaten I want to try your brisket I
want to try my brisket it's a pretty
tough cut of meat e ribs and the brisket
are you excited to have a rib tonight I
want my baby back baby back ribs yeah
that's what I'm talking about
sweet baby Ray's barbecue sauce that is
going on the ribs
all right that goes on and believe me I
would play the whole thing but I just
don't want to subject you to it
he was so lifelike there wasn't he
because he understands that the people
sometimes like to take meat from an
animal and then smoke it and they like
brisket and they also sometimes like
ribs and he has some really natural
friends there who were just really good
guys and they were smoking meat together
yeah that's the master of your universe
and right now it's the master of our
universe he is simply suspended what the
Facebook what we're like let me just
read it again to continue connecting
with people who like brisket please
review the Facebook community standards
for smoked meat I'm kidding it said it
remove anything on the rebel that
doesn't comply with these policies well
we have what we've in our three and a
half years on this world we've published
eighty two hundred eight thousand two
hundred videos so yeah you want to
narrow that down or you just want us to
delete it all its 12:55 we only have
five minutes left
I saw another super check coming in let
me find it here andreas won t chipped in
two bucks thank you Martina mark Kota in
your future what she's amazing she's
very compelling I've had the pleasure of
meeting her she used to work at the
Daily Caller
and here's hoping I mean not in a
position to say anything more firm than
that at this point but I think she is
one of those unique voices who is not a
traditional conservative in fact I don't
think she came to it other than through
the shocking treatment she was subjected
to by others in the New York art scene
when she dared to say what tens of
millions Americans said which was hey
I'd like to make America great again and
I sort of like Donald Trump well the
vicious treatment she was put to by her
open-minded liberal friends in New York
is quite a story I saw some other notes
here I was I was looking for a brick
thing you can watch that all day you
know or maybe not someone said you still
get along with Tommy Robinson yeah I had
a chat with Tommy just the other day by
by email it's the time zone thing but no
he's doing great I gave him a big
congratulations for the freedom a day of
freedom that he had and he was sort of
excited then we talked a little bit of
business and I told him I really admire
his work since he's gone independent I
mean look Tommy's not built for a boss I
don't know if you know that I don't have
you noticed that about it he said it's a
little bit of an independent spirit
maybe the most rebellious rabble I've
ever met in my life
my one fear about Tommy and I think you
probably share it is I am afraid for his
physical safety what can I say and I
always tell him that and I think he's
sick of hearing he it's like it's like
I'm his dad or some be safe and I just I
mean we know he's been attacked on the
street he last year he was attacked from
behind he was put in a coma that's not
that far between a coma and God forbid
being killed and I hate to talk that way
but there's so many people who want to
do him harm as you know when he was put
in prison on trumped-up charges the
warden had him in general population UK
prisons are run they're hollow they are
hollow prisons they are run in concert
with the Muslim leadership in the prison
as in prisoners you don't put Tommy
Robinson in a ward with murderers
serving life in prison Muslim murders
they tried to kill Tommy in prison he
literally requested to be put in
solitary confinement for his safety I
won't talk about other safety issues of
which I'm privy other than I think you
know when we built the studio for him I
don't think he uses a studio much down
but we gave it to him for the remainder
of our prepaid lease we put in
bulletproof doors but let proof doors
and I won't tell you about our
conversations with the with the
counterterrorism police but I mean
that's the thing when the police come to
Tommy these days are they coming to
arrest him on some political crime or
they coming to protect him from from
some jihadist plot you really and he
makes that joke too he doesn't know why
the cops have come to him in that
particular instance so my one fear about
Tommy is his physical safety and I'm
sure you feel that way too it's not that
bad here in Canada but earlier today
we've shown you physical attacks on
faith golde physical attacks on Sheila
Gunn read physical attacks on Lawrence
southern we showed you physical attacks
or at least threats of attacks and
drinks being thrown at Tommy larom so I
think in the UK it's just more extreme
and more advanced but we have the same
problems here in Canada United States
Craig McDonald is Tommy Robinson working
with Kailen Kailen Robertson yes he is
and of course I have my
agreements with with Kailen but I'm not
gonna tell Tommy who he can or can't use
his cameraman I mean that's his own
decision to make and I respect AMI and I
regard me as a friend as I said Jim you
know it was a fascinating fascinating
spent a year with us and it was a I
learned so much I have to say I don't
know if I like the fact that I learned
the things I learned what I learned
about the United Kingdom has broken my
heart about the UK I always I'm a
Canadian so of course we have the
Canadian the Queen of England is also
the queen of Canada did you know that
she's our queen of throw she's on her
money postage stamps passports and I
always had a slightly idealized notion
of the UK the mother of Parliament's the
mother of freedom Shakespeare King James
Version in the Bible the great empire
that brought democracy and rule of law
and ordered Liberty to the world
Churchill Thatcher that's you know
fighting the Falklands War that Juno
Beach I'm sorry that was the Canadian
one the Brits had their own Beach to
sword and I forgot the other one it's
it's one o'clock so I got a wrap up but
my point is until I got to know Tommy
and visited them half a dozen times over
there
I had this idealized notion of the UK
that's gone now
and now I see Rouen and I see a
premonition of our own future and on
that pessimistic note let me tell you
it's 1 p.m. thank you for your super
chats and your slightly less than super
chats and your even more than super
chats as usual I didn't even get through
all the content it's great to see you
until tonight at 8 p.m. and tomorrow at
12 noon on behalf of all of us here at
rubber world headquarters keep fighting
for freedom
you
