by the way the footage I showed you was
uploaded by various people onto Twitter
and Twitter took it down they banded
they claimed it violated the privacy of
the ante for thugs who hid faith and
that's not true of course you have no
reasonable expectation of privacy when
you're in a public place especially the
protest where your own organization is
literally advertised to the media to
cover the protests there's no privacy
they have their faces covered anyways as
male feminists sometimes do when they
punch women
that's the anti foot calling card the
cowards calling card so no privacy to be
violated and they're criminals but
Twitter agreed with jonathan wopatina
the CBC best not to show a woman getting
attacked because that undermines the
narrative after all the far-right is
violent but the far left that was what
the CBC reporter said publicly and it
was liked on Twitter by all sorts of
other journalists including for example
rosemary Barton the CBC's a feminist
political boss she liked it it's weird
that way the CBC is fine with men
punching women if it's a feminist man
leftist man they love his young gay
messy
CBC even set up a war room for gamma XI
to discredit his accusers the only fires
younger man she when he made the legally
foolish move of confessing his violence
in a weird Facebook post they stood by
him until that moment the same thing
here but more so they hate faith because
she's right-wing and so they're pleased
that she got here not not even secretly
pleased because there why be shy about
it all the fancy people agreeing it's
like when Sheila gun Reid was punched in
the face by Dion views an NDP activist
in Alberta he was convicted of a crime
and then lost a civil suit brought by
Sheila but the media called him the
victim because he got some mean comments
on Facebook for punching a woman he's a
CBC hero though a male feminist or when
Lauren southern who was grabbed by a
male transsexual activist at U of T he
was the hero to the CBC because they
hate Lauren southern they're fine with
him being punched by a man again again
conservative women are physically
attacked again and again at the very
least the media ignore it but quite
often they cheer long that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levant
show normally it's behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on
you tube if you want to subscribe to
watch the daily show every day including
always two interviews a day and I read
my hate mail just click on this screen
and become a Premium Member
you
