hey guys what you know what I'm doing
right now whatever I want you know where
you do that the country I lived in the
country off and on quite a bit over the
years used to spend this summer's tree
planting in Canada and I got a place up
in the middle of nowhere you know as
Canadians we always have a cottage and
there's times when I go let's just live
here and we have for months at a time
but we always get back to the city it's
hard to make money up there you got to
be a jack-of-all-trades the local
sheriff also plows your driveway and
then he's the judge when you go to court
and then there's you know the
corrections officers there's there's
only so many jobs up there and everyone
has them but um I wanted to do ten
things I miss about living in the
country because I'm in the burbs now so
there's no real reason to go up there
you already got a big house and you're
not trying to escape an apartment but I
here are the 10 things I'm gonna try to
make it real quick number one telling
time by birds you can set your watch by
it the chickadees are out there we got
the old can of the bird Oh Canada ket
the ovenbird going teacher teacher
teacher day tradition and they have
their little epochs where they're at
five thirty you know there's these birds
and you also know when you hear birds do
that they're eating the mosquitoes that
are going to ruin your life so it's just
an absolute joy to be able to tell time
with little whistling things and by the
way speaking of birds which I'm a big
bird fan even though I know they're
dinosaurs and they're dicks who will
smash some other birds eggs so they can
raise so they can use the nest like
starlings but um half the time of just
singing for fun
there's no territory there's no sex it's
just like just hanging out being the
best thing ever so I miss Birds number
two projects there's always a little
project you go and you don't have to be
good at anything like you're looking at
some cupboard you made that sucks that
has no door and you're like I should put
like a glass door on that and then you
just go to Home Depot and go here's the
measurements I want to make like a glass
door they go no problem you need this
this this and this they load you all up
and then you go there and
to make a thing and I'll tell you what
everyone on welfare should know this
there is no beer more delicious than
when you sit down after building a fence
and just look at the fence you just made
oh my god it's like an elixir you know
when you're hungover and you have a beer
in the morning and you go I'm a
disgusting human being it tastes like
pee it's the opposite of that number
three the smells it's hard to articulate
this but New York stinks it's disgusting
if it's not Bo its sewage or some other
major catastrophe going on but in nature
there's this weird sort of perfume you
get off the grass that it stays with you
for days after like you'll be driving
back to the city you just sort of feel
this euphoria it's amazing that that
these rednecks get to live in that smell
there every every everywhere they go
which brings me to going piss whenever
you want that's so rare like when you
have to go piss say here at the studio
you had get the bathroom key you go down
the hall someone's in there oh you go
all the women who'd go to the bathroom
here by the way are constantly harassed
by the Bangladeshi shipping company next
to it for some reason don't those people
defecate on the road why are they
bitching about our bitches but when
you're in the country just talking to
someone just take your dick out well not
in person you don't show them your dick
but on the phone and you just piss half
the time you don't even know if you
pissed
you just pissing everywhere and by the
way it's good for the trees nitrogen you
shouldn't piss in the same spot every
time if you spread it around it's great
for the garden also miss gunns of course
shooting my 38 Jesus it's loud if you
shoot a rabbit with my gun it just
ceases to be it becomes fur and dust and
that's fun I also love 22s I also love
BB guns you just sitting on the porch
talking to a guy and as he's talking
he's like ping hitting the license
plates that are on the woodshed and I'm
a surgeon with a BB gun these days I can
pick a birds nose and then without
hurting my just shoot the booger out of
his nostril do they have nostrils that's
really fun and having a gun of course in
New York I mean I'm friend of mine who I
had on my show an ex-con Kimmelman
Michael Kimmelman he just did a talk at
a local lie
in the burbs and he talked about being
in prison and what it was like using the
front side of trading and people were
sorta like oh yeah okay and they said
and I had a gun they took my guns away
and everyone goes you had a gun it's
like carrying around a human head here
it's the I mean you go to straight to
jail for five years there it's nothing I
also miss blaring music you can play
music pretty loud in the city but in the
country you can shatter people's
eardrums like you can make it so loud
that you can hear it underwater in the
pool now I'm standing a little bourgeois
but uh I've had my speaker guys come in
and put speakers in the walls and every
time they come and I go no not even
close guys I want a Puerto Ricans car in
my house I want glasses to shatter and
you can do that you can do that such
that you're going for a walk in the
woods nearby just listening to Bruce
Springsteen play from your house uh
burning garbage is also something I
really miss garbage is such a pain in
the ass you can recycle and deal with
all these oh it's Wednesday I gotta take
this out not in the country just palm
for some gas on it light it on fire and
you have a burn barrel there and it's
really going and you got to burn your
food or the Bears will get it and so
once it gets to a certain level of you
just throw shit in there something about
fire that's just so natural
I feel like cave love around it and the
same with like a chest of drawers this
thing keeps banging the kids fingers I
don't want to have to lug it all the way
to the dump
I know I'll put it in the driveway pour
some gas on it boom it ceases to be
there's just a few little steel slacks
where the drawers were you pick those up
take those to the dump sometimes playing
with nature is also fun it's like it's
like you know how your desk has a lot of
bric-a-brac on it you got those little
balls ago bunk bunk bunk bunk that's
nature you own all of that like I used
to pick up salamanders by the way if you
have salamanders on your property those
red F that's really good news because
they have very sensitive membranes
little tympanic membranes and if they if
there's any kind of pollution then
they're not around so you got good water
if you got salamanders and frogs anyway
I would take them and just put them in
an aquarium and then just keep them in
my house three salamanders I'd like 14
sometimes they eat each other sometimes
there's no supposed to hibernate - and
they wouldn't hibernate in my heated
house so I would fuck with their whole
of world it was kind of a Mengele esque
it was evil but uh also really fun and
fascinating and then some of them were
small which is weird because they're
supposed to be born as fish like they're
theirs that are born swimming so they
weren't born there did they shrink as
they were hungry fascinating that's mine
now I just have that my own nature and
of course being nude oh man there's
nothing like just walk going to check on
your apple trees totally nude go
swimming nude you don't to dry your
bathing suit or anything
you're just nude guy and if people come
by like some guy comes by to drop off a
tree that you forgot you bought you just
go what's going on buddy you got a
problem with this the Lord created this
just walk around with your dick dangling
everywhere
I mean the kids get annoyed but half the
time they're nude - it's just a big nude
party it's fun and number ten I really
enjoy shooting deer with bottle rockets
now I know this sounds bad to the city
folks but steers are elegant rats Luisi
Kate is a great bit about this about how
when you first move to the country you
go oh cute a deer here's some strawberry
pie beautiful rat and then the next
thing you know they're everywhere eating
everything so you want them off your
property you don't want to shoot them
unless you're going to eat them so you
go we're good for venison Thanks I'm
just going to shoot you the Bottlerocket
now I made this cool thing like a stick
so it wouldn't burn my hand and I could
just aim it at the deer and just it's so
quiet up on a rocket - and just go go
Phil and then it goes bang right next to
and they go Jesus Christ when they
fucking leap ten feet in the air oh my
god it's so fun it's it's oh I forgot to
mention uh under guns by the potato guns
if you go to Home Depot you can just ask
them how to do it and they'll make
they'll show you how to make a gun where
you put in hairspray and just launch a
potato 200 miles launch it in a deer -
if you want smash him in the ass with
your potato god I miss being a redneck
hey guys thanks for watching please
subscribe to rebel edge where you can
find all the videos that are exactly
like this one but different
you
