Justin Trudeau had some interesting
remarks about immigration when he was
speaking before the Economic Club of New
York this week now the remarks were
interesting because they were mostly
complete and total typical Trudeau BS
another day another opportunity for
Justin Trudeau to embarrass us abroad
now this time he was part of an armchair
discussion with Susan Lee of Fox
Business Network at a luncheon hosted by
the Economic Club of New York now in the
discussion Trudeau touched on a number
of issues ranging from free trade to
Israel now I could spend all day picking
apart his comments and to some extent I
probably already have but right now I
want to show you some of the untruths
that Justin Trudeau told a foreign
audience about Canadian domestic policy
around immigration I want to show you
this first clip here just watch actually
I'm sorry to correct you on this but
Canadians remain incredibly positive
about immigration we actually don't have
a single elected anti-immigration
politician anywhere in Canada and that's
because Canadians have understood that
bringing in people from around the world
to contribute to to work hard to build a
life for themselves not only increases
the wealth and richness of our country
but actually allows us to be better ok
while maybe we don't have a single
openly anti-immigration politician
anywhere in Canada the Canadian public's
sentiment about immigration isn't
incredibly positive and our attitudes
about immigration are hardening the
longer Trudeau stays in power poll after
poll from a range of sources including
the government's own internal polling
shows that Canadians are not tripping
over themselves to get increased
immigration levels one survey done by
the Government of Canada and 2016 found
that when peep
we're told there were 250,000 new
immigrants coming to Canada each year
about 60% said that was the right number
but a quarter of respondents said that
number was too many only 8% of people
thought that number was too small a
study done about a year later saw the
number increased to roughly one in three
respondents saying that Canadians accept
too many refugees and that the overall
number of immigrants is already too high
the survey found that confidence in
immigration levels is down all across
the board now documents obtained by the
Canadian Press through access to
information show that when people were
being pulled by the government they
believed the number of immigrants coming
to Canada every year was under 150,000
now when the respondents were told it
was actually closer to 260,000
immigrants for the last few years
the number of people that said they felt
the number was too many jumped from 23%
to 32% so now it's become unspoken
government policy to not talk about the
actual immigration numbers because when
people have all the information we're
just not as keen and positive on
immigration as Justin Trudeau would like
to tell the rest of the world we are now
this is the second clip again it's about
immigration
I'll let Trudeau speak his nonsensical
garbage and then I'll tell you why he's
just making things up out of thin air
here yes it requires now certainly when
people arrive particularly when they're
fleeing war zones or conflict they need
support on getting their lives back
together on schooling for the kids on
education a certain amount of social
safety net supports like health care and
things like that but rapidly those
people who've been given an opportunity
to raise their kids in a free and
welcoming society and contribute to it
do indeed do that kurtosis people who
were brought here in this migration
influx campaign promise are jumping on
the opportunity to contribute to Canada
and that they are
actually contributing to Canada that may
be true in some instances but let's add
a little reality to the fantasy here
after of course preening about how
welcoming his city was and throwing
support behind Justin Trudeau earlier in
the year when Justin Trudeau fired off
set
welcome to Canada tweet that ultimately
helped collapse our entire Immigration
and Refugee system Toronto Mayor John
Tory is absolutely being a mugged by the
reality of the immigration situation
here in Canada
Tory fired off a letter begging the
federal government to provide immediate
and ongoing funding for Toronto's
homeless shelter system and newcomer
office why because he's seen an 80
percent increase of refugees relying on
city shelters in one year alone
according to food bags all across the
country they are buckling and being
stretched their limit by the influx of
refugees and migrants who are relying on
Canadian food banks and closer to home
for me Solomon Hodges Solem on one of
Trudeau's first influx of Syrian
migrants into the country has been on
trial for sexual assaults and gropings
from a spree at a water park in Edmonton
last year that's some fine integration
right there and just recently two of
Justin Trudeau's refugees were recently
found guilty of threatening to murder
their daughter on or kill her really
because she was dating a non-muslim man
in Fredericton they got time served 71
days of pretrial custody and they walked
out of the court free after their guilty
plea and another one of Justin Trudeau's
Syrian refugees he beat his wife for a
half an hour and then claimed he didn't
know what was a crime to beat your wife
in Canada was a hockey stick for 30
straight minutes he got eight days in
jail and one year of probation sorry
Justin Trudeau but many of your migrants
are not fitting in well and they are not
hitting the ground running when they get
here
that's because Canada is taking in too
many of them too fast for us to
integrate them and absorb them into our
culture
and Trudeau's rosy picture of migrant
life once they get here is false and
it's doing nothing to dissuade migrants
from breaking the law and putting
themselves in danger to creep across our
border illegally but I guess it makes
for a good soundbite to be published in
the foreign media by journalists who
will never fact check Trudeau on his
claims neither Trudeau nor the
mainstream media are willing to be
honest with the fact that the Canadian
sentiment towards illegal immigration
and immigration in general is actually
closer to Donald Trump's policies than
Justin Trudeau's policies that is when
Canadians have all of the information we
see the mainstream media journalists and
Trudeau they all want Trudeau to be the
leader of the anti Trump cabal as much
as Trudeau fancies himself to be that
guy for the rebel media I'm Sheila Gunn
read part of our job as journalists is
to ask questions of politicians
questions about their policies including
immigration and public safety and that's
exactly what our rebel contributor Katie
Hopkins tried to do when she asked the
mayor of molenbeek about jihadis who
were living in that city now katie is
being sued for asking that Mayor those
tough questions to learn more about
molenbeek and what Katie asked the mayor
and how you can help us in Katie's legal
battle go to save Hopkins com
