i'm ezra levan it's May 18th and you're
watching battleground
well hello and welcome back we've been
doing this I think this is our third
week now it's becoming a bit of a fun
routine cheers everybody instead of my
second lunch I just have one lunch a day
now and the other lunch hour from 12:00
noon to 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time we do
what's called a super chat super chats
not a word I came up with it to where
the Google uses for how you can chat
with me in real time on YouTube we're
also running this on Facebook live and
when we figured out how to do it in
three different ways we'll add Twitter
and periscope to so basically for one
hour I kibbutz and you comment if you
look at the right-hand side of your
YouTube screen I don't think you know we
could probably get it going soon where I
can take comments from Facebook and
YouTube that'll be a lot of things going
off bells and whistles um you can make
comments I see a couple comments already
a couple folks saying good morning well
good morning good afternoon to you guys
and you can make comments and I will
read them if you want to make a super
chat comment you can chip in a couple
bucks in various currencies I've seen
Mexican money I've seen Swedish kronor
and it makes your comment in highlight
and it sticks it to the top of the page
there so I can read it at Liberty and by
the way we get the dough so it's sort of
like a donation me in fact it's exactly
like a donation so that helps us keep
the lights on here there are a couple of
things I want to show you today I've got
some Associated Press Trump derangement
I want to show you Associated Press is
not just a large wire service that
they're one of the official fact
checkers the Facebook leans on to censor
you I want to show you a clip from Bill
Gates about Donald Trump that made me
laugh and it made me scratch my head too
I want to show you something I didn't
get around to doing yesterday John
Oliver the u.s. comedian it's not really
us so he's a Brit praising or defending
Venezuela you don't see a lot of that
these days you don't see a lot of
Hollywood types actually still standing
up for socialism in Venezuela I mean
Sean Penn Oliver Stone they've sort of
shut up a pad of Bernie Sanders
but not John Oliver and finally I want
to tell you some startling news some
concerning news about our own dear
friend Katie Hopkins and what has
happened to her this week in molenbeek
they Muslim Enclave a no-go zone in the
Belgian capital of Brussels so I will
get to that story about molenbeek before
we're done but we call it free for all
Fridays because I really want to take as
many comments the kinds of the fun part
right I mean if you want to hear me
going on at some length in the monologue
you can tune to my 8 p.m. Eastern show I
do a lengthy monologue today I talk
about a court case in Halifax Nova
Scotia where a Muslim man raped a
housekeeper in a hotel and this is right
after another rape case involving a
Muslim migrants cab driver that's been a
spree of rapes in taxi cabs in Halifax
all by Muslim cab drivers they're all
Muslim and Halifax does not have a large
Muslim population but all these cabbies
who have been charged are Muslim and one
of the things I'll show you tonight is
the police there have officially stopped
describing the men because it's racist
to do so so they say the man has an
accent they used to say look Middle
Eastern has an Arabic accent but now
they just say he has an accent but he
talks like this maybe he's got a huge
accent if you say we're looking for a
man with an action hey me lucky charms
is he having an Irish accent oh wait
does he have a Scottish accent let them
drive you somewhere is it a Russian
accent if you just say someone has an
accent you are not describing him you're
not describing him is it an Italian
accent a French accent if you just say
someone has an accent you will not find
your man which maybe is the point maybe
they want to stop catching all these
rapists because it's just too
embarrassing better to have a rapist on
the loose than a racist on the loose
that's the motto of half a dozen police
forces in the UK I feel that's coming
the Halifax - so I go heavy on that
story tonight at 8 p.m. and I'm going to
do a little bit of the accent
tonight at 8 p.m. I'm gonna take some
comments and then I'm gonna show you the
deleted tweets and the Bill Gates clips
let's take a look at where people are
saying Marilyn Nelson
that's right friendly to you $50 super
chat that's super nice that's a very
nice way to start the show appreciate
that
she'll again says I'm here for the I
didn't do my accents very well I didn't
do my accents very well I have to really
like like Robert DeNiro out but you have
to really get into it if they really get
into it and and of course my accent say
I'll just sort of blur they all sort of
blur together I am gonna do one more
impression and this will probably land
me in front of Human Rights Commission
there was at an old Bacardi commercial
about 20 years ago and it was very funny
you could probably find it on YouTube
you know so many of those old
commercials come back for a second life
on YouTube 20 years later and it was
from somewhere on the islands and you
know who did a great Jim Aiken accent is
the late Rob Ford and he had all the
lingo down pat and there was just
Picardie rum commercial and it was in
some tiny little Caribbean island and
there was there was no no traffic there
like it was just like one car stopped
behind another car there like chickens
there and I'm one guy said total
gridlock
you're giving me road rage and I just I
whenever I go to the Caribbean which
it's not that often but we've gone on
some cruises before we went on a rebel
cruise of Western Standard Cruise the
son cruise I wait like I wait all year I
practice that impression all year that
Bacardi Rum commercial I wait I wait I
wait I wait I wait we get on the island
we go to like there's one stoplight on
the whole line I'm not even kidding I
think the island of Castries I think
that's I think they literally have one
intersection with the traffic light and
I had been waiting all year with that
joke you ever do that ya rabb a joke
then you wait for a year I waited a year
and I think it was Castries the name of
the and there was one traffic light on
the island and we stopped at it
and I said you've given me road rage
total gridlock and I got a little bit of
a laugh but it was worth waiting here
okay
total gridlock that's what Evans are you
correcting my pronunciation my fish is
sick
I remember that ad it was so funny you
know what can you find that ad can you
throw it I'll agree you're giving me
road rage I didn't mean to get into my
accents but you know we got a hundred
forty nine people watching that should
get on with the show
quick question hazards first the
regulars do you have a royal
correspondent for the wedding
not really but Jack buck be in the UK
who is one of our UK voices has some
videos and they're a little bit
controversial I have to say we love the
monarchy here I mean I know there's some
Republicans and I know our American
friends don't quite understand why we
love the monarchy but it is an important
thing for us and it's a it's a check on
politicians it's a check on overweening
politicians that's what I think of the
monarchy I think it's also sort of
tradition and these days when we're
trying to extirpate every sense of
history and culture and nationalism the
royalty is a link to the cultural past
of Canada and UK we don't want to lose
it that said jackpot B is quite critical
of Megan Merkel and here's a video to
that effect you can go and see it
any luck with that commercial let me
know when we get it in the meantime I'm
gonna move on I'm sure I just you know
Sheila you shouldn't have encouraged me
to do accents because a I'm gonna get a
human rights complaint out of it and B
my accents my accents aren't that great
but thanks to the team says they have
the ad can I show you this ad I love
this ad so much when I was younger I
literally pocketed this joke and I would
wait a year for just the right moment
take a look you're 43 seconds me
according to my watch I am that leads
behind schedule
versus the rest of the world okay well
we only saw a part of that ad there well
I want to dig up the parts ugly look
you're giving me real rage if we can
find that part you know it's 1209 and
really all I've done is say road rage so
I let me get back to the news all the
impressions are out of my system now
that that was there was a series of ads
and if you can find one we can do it let
me get a little bit serious now you know
this is this what happens when I go off
script and random Friday's free-for-all
Fridays okay um this is super chat let
me find it there Justin Phillips scoop
Steven del Duca violated campaign
finance laws you know what you're
talking about an Ontario liberal MPP and
I've tried to understand what's going on
there it seems a little bit inside
baseball
I think I saw Doug Ford attend a rally
with some labor union folks against
Steven del Duca I just I forgive me I'm
not that well briefed on that I think it
was the Liberal government that were
sort of blackballed in one Union in
favor another so that's a it's a it's an
interesting story but I I just have to
tell you I haven't focused on it
I don't doubt it's an interesting story
but I just am NOT an expert on it let me
show you something that I have thought a
lot more about Associated Press you've
been around for a century I'm sure it's
like Reuters it's a massive news wire
what is a news wire it's basically a
collective of reporters and instead of
writing for any particular news outlet
like Fox or the New York Times they
write for the wire and people can
subscribe to the wire service for their
local newspapers so you don't have to
have 200 newspapers each sending a
reporter to the White House you can have
one AP reporter they file a wire report
and everyone on the wire used to be
wired now
wireless obviously I would get a copy
the story and that's why you see in a
lot of newspapers especially since
they've gutted their own internal staff
you just see a lot of wire copy which is
like a generic story that like a hundred
newspapers will have to carry the same
thing
it's basically shared news gathering but
it's very powerful because like I say
hundreds or even thousands of newspapers
radio stations TV stations around the
world just by the wire copy and it's
regarded as I mean not the gold standard
but it's so ubiquitous it's like
coca-cola it's like the standard oh if
you're not drinking coke you're drinking
something weird the AAP is normal
standard because it's so ubiquitous the
trouble is it's no less susceptible to
liberal bias than anything else and in
fact the AAP itself is quite extreme in
its liberal bias and it's Trump
arrangement and thus it bothers me that
Facebook specifically has chosen aap as
their authority for fact-checking your
newsfeed they're going to be the
effective official fact checker for
stories they don't like well who's gonna
fact-check the fact checker and why
should they be granted some superiority
why can't I be my own fact checker and
let me show you the other day as you
know Donald Trump we showed this
yesterday Donald Trump was talking about
the ms-13 satanic cult gang like these
there's the it's their satanic they
tattoo their faces and when they kill
people they don't shoot him they shoot
him and they chop them up into a hundred
pieces I'm sorry to get gross I'm not
going to give any more details it's it's
brutal istic Donald Trump called them
animals I think that's that's not an
unfair thing to say it's a rough thing
to say but it's accurate all the mean he
said aha he's calling immigrants animals
no you liars
he called ms-13 animals he was crystal
clear it was in specific reply to a
question from a sheriff in Fresno who
was talking about how she had a tough
time fighting ms-13 and he responded by
saying they are animals and every
journalist from the New York Times to
The Associated Press said Trump calls
immigrants animals
well the AP had a correction and they
deleted their old tweet well look what
someone did they searched Associated
Press for the word deleted can you see
that can we make that any bigger this is
a series of tweets ap is to leave the
tweet about Gaza protesters that
incorrectly described the Gaza Strip ap
is deleted a tweet about press no
friends no god is great it failed to
note he said it in Arabic ap is deleted
tweet incorrectly stating the timing of
Trump administration's lawsuit
mischaracterized what Trump tweeted
incorrectly attributed you see the theme
here deleted the tweet incorrectly
stated China had raised tariffs deleted
a tweet about French far-right
politicians visit to Trump Tower tweet
should have made clear she did not meet
with Trump deleted a tweet there
incorrectly said the NRI had banned guns
again and again and again do you see a
theme here every single error that
caused them to delete tweets oh and
plenty more for which they held firm and
wouldn't delete a tweet do you see the
direction that every single error went
there every single error was a bias
towards the left an attack on the right
mischaracterizing Trump lying about
Trump miss stating a fact about Trump
yeah I mean listen you get it wrong
you're gonna get it wrong this way that
way if it's like a dartboard you're
shooting for accuracy right in the
middle and it's sometime it's your game
aim this way or that way when you're
throwing darts and you want to get the
bull's eye every time but every single
error you're on the Left every error
did they ever have errors like that
about Barack Obama when he was president
did they ever are errors like that
during the campaign about Hillary
Clinton do they ever have errors about
Justin Trudeau our own drama teacher
Prime Minister here in Canada no they do
not
that way you can find that that meme
it's online every single error The
Associated Press makes is an error that
benefits the left at the expense of the
right there just as biased as anyone
else and those are the fact checkers all
right I call it a free-for-all Friday
I'm gonna check the comments Pete
Henderson made a 4.99 super chat thanks
very much for that you know
shit to help pays the bills here and I
want to say thanks again to our $50
super chatter Marilyn Nielsen that's
often I see it it's 12:15 I'm not going
to do any more impressions they're not
that good and I swear we're gonna have
human rights complaints and we got
enough of those going on I'll tell you a
story a little bit later John ceylon
said ap hates Trump so no mistake yeah
it's no mistake it's you know if you
wanted to be a leftist activist these
days you could be a community organizer
you know like Barack Obama was like Saul
Alinsky was but you could you could join
a journalistic organization keep your
partisan bona fide ease quiet and just
slowly slowly slowly tilt the news who
would be more effective someone who says
I am a democratic party activist and now
let me tell you what I think what you
would immediately discount them well
that's a partisan saying it or let's say
you were a democratic activist but you
just didn't say that out loud let's say
you went to work as an editor for The
Associated Press who's going to be more
powerful and who's gonna sneak through
our defences of skepticism yeah ap I see
there's another soup Marilyn Nielsen
says Ezra can you please read my super
chat sent with the $50 contribution
Thanks okay I'm gonna look for that
because I'm looking at I you know I'm
sorry I can't find the comment that you
wrote with that can you write it again
because I'm looking you could just write
it as a normal comment you don't have to
pay for you don't have to make it a
super chat I just can't see the actual
question you had maryland's so if you
just retype it again as a regular
comment I'll read it and my team will
say it in my ear if if they see it and I
don't um while we're looking for that
Marilyn feel free to write that again I
want to get your question I'm very very
curious what you want to ask man I want
to show you a little video I saw and
it's from Bill Gates Bill Gates is one
of the wealthiest people in the world he
briefly was
actually for a while was the wealthiest
person the realist you know he was the
brains behind Microsoft and he's become
an outstanding philanthropist and he
really tries to be a scientific
philanthropist I you know what I mean
good for him he's giving so much of his
dough away I'm not sure if he's as good
at being a philanthropist as he was at
being a businessman and a computer
engineer and that's okay I mean when you
give away your own money you can do with
it in any way you please he likes to get
government's to match him and remember
Stephen Harper Canada's former prime
minister was chummy with Bill Gates and
teamed up with him from maternal health
and no that's not code for pushing
abortion on third world countries it was
actually maternal health helping
pregnant moms and moms in childbirth so
you know give some kudos to to Bill gay
he's trying to be scientific about it
and he met with Donald Trump and he had
a conversation with Donald Trump now if
I ever had the exciting opportunity to
talk to Donald Trump the president I
would be excited about it I would want
to tell everybody about it but I would
always say well you know that was if it
was a private conversation and if I
learn things in a private conversation
that were either controversial or
salacious I would I would feel some sort
of obligation to keep the privacy of the
conversation
or at least it would be a heavy decision
before I said well you know what Donald
Trump told me in secret because if you
don't have the trust of the president
he's probably not going to talk to you
again and I guess if I thought of why I
would never be invited back to talk to
the president again I don't care let me
cash in on it but a guy like Bill Gates
I mean he probably wants to have an
ongoing relationship with Donald Trump
not because he likes Donald Trump as a
man but because Donald Trump holds the
most powerful office in the world so
Bill Gates did in fact meet with Donald
Trump and Donald Trump is Donald Trump
II was funny was unusual he was personal
he said things and yeah I bet especially
since everyone in the world talks about
Donald Trump imagine you just had a
meeting with Donald Trump you're gonna
want to tell everybody in the world Pat
at least you and I would but if you're
an extremely wealthy man like Bill Gates
do you really really need to scratch
that vanity
edge of boasting about your conversation
well let me without further to do can we
play the clip of Bill Gates we were a
few clips on there
can we there was a 20 second one there
comes a little bit longer this play this
long one because I think it's a two
minutes long I want to play a two minute
long clip Oh
Marilyn I see you're super chat comment
I'll read it right after the clip okay
actually I read it right now get that
clip on standby Marilyn says Ezra was
asking you to show your 2011 sketch of
you portraying Marg Delahunty haranguing
Rob Ford that was funny that was funny
Thank You Marilyn for writing that I
didn't see this comment before I'll ask
the team to see if they can dig that up
because that was at the Sun News Network
I dressed up as Marv Delahunty and I was
almost as pretty as she was I I don't
think I've ever put lipstick on before
him and you know thank you for that fond
memory we'll see if we can find that
clip it was at the Sun I'm not sure if
we have it but without further to do let
me show you two minutes of Bill Gates
yappin about his private conversation
with Donald Trump take a look before he
was elected there was a dream election
where he and I were at the same place I
avoided them
anyway then he had elected and so I went
to see him in December he knew my
daughter Jennifer because Trump has this
horse showed thing down in Florida in
fact he went up in Rock to Jan and was
being super nice and then like 20
minutes later he flew in and a
helicopter to the same place so clearly
he had been driven away and but he
wanted to make a grand entrance and a
helicopter anyway so when I first talked
to him it was actually kind of scary how
well he knew how much you know about my
daughter's appearance
Melinda didn't like that too well anyway
so I saw him from power
you know I said hey science and
innovation is a great thing you should
be a leader who drives innovation and
that conversation was about a broad set
of things in energy and health in
education you know pig things you want
to do it or big HIV vaccine you could
you know accelerate that be associated
with innovation and then the second time
I saw him was the March after that so
March 2017 in the White House in both of
those two meetings he asked me if
vaccines weren't a bad thing because he
was considering a commission to look
into ill effects of vaccines and
somebody his name was Robert Kennedy jr.
was advising him that vaccines were
causing things and I said no that's a
dead end
I think don't do that both times he
wanted to know if there was a difference
between HIV and HPV so I was able to
explain those are rarely confused with
each other
Donald Trump asked a question and you
know it was a question he wanted an
answer for and he's so dumb I told him
the right answer I mean I I guess I know
the difference between HIV and HPV just
because I guess I'm in the news business
I follow that I don't know if you go on
the street and ask a normal person if
they know the difference between HIV HPV
I don't know if they know maybe the
president United States should know that
I would have thought he would have known
that but maybe he's not an expert on
diseases like Bill Gates has styled
himself Bill Gates has spent the last 10
years focusing on diseases malaria for
example I told you about maternal health
so of course it's old hat to Bill Gates
if a president United States ask me a
question that I was sort of thought was
sort of dumb and simple I would answer
it in a way that tried not to embarrass
the president and I would say wow I have
a real role here because he feels
comfortable enough asking what I think
are dumb questions and I feel like I
have a great privilege in giving him my
answers and you heard I mean a lot of
people are skeptical about vaccines and
Trump asks Gates what he thought and
gates gave him good advice I think don't
go down the anti-vaxxer road it's a dead
end
beyond the innovation road then I think
that's good advice bill kids who's
giving him don't you think I mean I
respect vac sirs and they don't want the
state meddling with their body but
neither do i I think that we should
abandon vaccines I think Bill Gates
probably right and I'm glad Donald Trump
is worried about civil liberties and I'm
glad he's open-minded to dissenters
aren't you aren't you glad that he'll
actually know enough about dissidents
and and people on the margins and he
won't just immediately write them off
you'll actually ask a question and maybe
some of the questions he asks are dumb
maybe it is dumb to ask the difference
between HIV and HPV but I think it's
probably dumber not to ask if you're not
sure
but now what we know is its dumbest to
ask Bill Gates because Bill Gates for
some cheap laughs from some liberal
college kills kids was will tell tales
out of school will what gossip will kiss
and tell
and his story about Donald Trump knowing
too much about his young daughter and
was certainly said with a an innuendo
that innuendo the perhaps it was sexual
or something the story of Trump making a
return in a helicopter maybe that's true
man but even if it is true I would just
ask you again if you are a billionaire
philanthropist who wants to save the
world why would you sell out the privacy
of a conversation with Donald Trump this
I think particularly scandalous in there
you've just violated the confidence of a
conversation with the president the
United States for what for some cheap
laughs do you think Donald Trump's gonna
have a private conversation with Bill
Gates again I sure wouldn't okay so for
the next seven years Bill Gates has just
basically cut himself out of having a
positive role in in the country and
therefore in the world I think Bill
Gates is a force for good
I think he's way too pro-abortion
and he funds abortion especially for
minorities I think if he stopped and
thought about what he was doing he'd
realized it's creepy his obsession with
sterilizing the third world EG visible
minorities but on the whole I think Bill
Gates is a good person and it is a shame
that because he's such a gossip like
most liberals and most people in Silicon
Valley are he's just burned his bridges
with the president I think that I think
for the sake of a quick laugh I think he
actually showed that for a smart guy he
can be sort of dumb let's take a look
back I'm going back to the live chat
here holy candle there's some more super
chats Keith McIntosh yes sir why don't
you have in video ads like Shapiro I buy
a ShamWow or a Snuggie if Sheila was
Hawking it and maybe get a fine clothier
sponsor I've been watching you with that
red hole jacket for years you're right
you know what I should never have got
this red thing here because if you see
this red the oh it's that jacket again
I'll have three jackets I should
probably
a fourth or just cover this up so people
don't see that it's the same jacket it's
just a jacket I threw on but I'll stop
wearing it in terms of the in-house ads
we advertise some of our own internal
stuff but yeah we should advertise other
things we basically have outsourced that
to Google YouTube and banner ads and
things like that but yeah it would be
nice to have a particular sponsor let me
put it this way I mean I'm for for about
a year my APM show was sponsored my desk
was sponsored by a company in Alberta if
you're interested or if you know
something wants to sponsor this I could
do a readout you could send an inquiry
to ads at the rebel dot media Henry wall
chipped in five bucks thank you very
much for that Henry let me see if there
are other super chats that I've missed
along the way I'm just scrolling back up
to do as first a regulars can't do
accents Comedy must be stifled in Canada
of course I can do accents and I did do
accents I'm just saying that I'll be hit
with another human rights complaint
before you know it I've scrolled up I
think I've caught the super chest Pete
Henderson $4.99 thank you for that all
right let's just check the time it's 28
well you know what on the subject of ads
why don't we run an ad for the rebel
life and I know I've been showing you
this ad everyday but it's coming up in
just just a few weeks so let's let's pay
some bills but we add we're gonna
discuss topics that the political elites
in the media party don't want us to
discuss political correctness be damned
the past isn't enough of a principled
guide to worldwide
perhaps we are in better touch with the
pulse of the country
we are in this fight with you and you're
all in this fight together
it is the over the last few years has
been this populist movement going around
the world
that's the status of the left at this
point is I don't know if you're the
onion or the New York Times most
modernism is a sophisticated philosophy
now if it's raw but it's deeply wrong
we're simply people with another point
of view
hey welcome back I was just looking for
that old mark Delahunty skit I did back
at Sun News I can't find it quickly but
if we can find it we'll dig it up
I see another super Chad comment come in
very friendly
Henry wall chipped in five bucks
appreciate that and VM Parliament says
any plans to write another book loved
your others with us bless you to say a
last book I did was just over a year ago
it's called trumping Trudeau and it was
well received by crank that out in like
three weeks because I it was it had to
be a really quick book I wrote it
between the election of Trump and his
inauguration so I got that out quick
we might have a book for you that you
know I don't want that we just sort of
percolating we've got some ideas but I
might have some news for you sooner than
you think thank you very much for that
friendly friendly support let's check
the time it's 12:30 on the nose what do
we do here what we do super chat you can
make questions and comments I read some
of all of them but I read all of the
super chat ones which are people
chipping in a few books I appreciate
that I'll read a few the regular regular
ones till I get more super chats say nog
says what about the clip Marilyn sent
you 60 bucks to play yeah that's what
I'm talking about the when I dressed up
as Mark Delahunty from this Irish 20
minutes I put on a skirt and put on a
wig and I put on some makeup and I
pretended to be Mark Delahunty so we're
looking for that that was some years
back and that was at the Sun News
Network so we don't have it in our own
system here at the rebel during that ad
for rebel live I was googling things I
was googling as for Levant Rob Ford mark
Delahunty 22 minutes there's so many
things that come up when you type those
words in our team I can see them are
working on it right now if we find that
I promise we'll show it and if we don't
find it today we'll show sometime next
week
you need acidity for digestion Matt okay
I'm just I'm just reading things Heather
dawn Arwen sending Lobster from
Sacramento well that's pretty friendly
thank you for that
faint nod says what about the clip okay
I read that went already
Matt Getty tell that to the hundreds of
people doctor said be cured during his
life okay we talked about vaccinations
I'm not an expert in vaccinations I
respect people who don't want the
government to order things in their
blood but I also respect the fact that
vaccinations do generally work and I
think we have to find the balance
between personal liberty and public
health and I think that's what Donald
Trump was inquiring and I think Bill
Gates actually probably could help find
the solution to bad he he wanted to get
at some cheap laughs instead of actually
helping the president w says I love this
show so far as well that's nice of you
to say
Tammy Putin Suzanne Bell says use a
Sharpie as a sharpie on what Iran
Zealand if Trump wants to get propaganda
out tell gates yeah I guess he's a
blabbermouth jet Jamil Nick says dear
Mossad why you love Soros so much well
I'm a I'm an opponent of George Soros I
don't know if you know this but I was
sued by George Soros you know that I
guess that's seven years ago now I wrote
a column in the Toronto Sun about George
Soros and what he did when the Nazis
rolled into Hungary how he bicycle de
round handing summonses to the Jews to
go report for the trains to take him to
the death camps I wrote about that and
I'm so what I'm gonna tell you what I
said I said that I don't necessarily
blame a teenager for doing what his dad
said to do to survive the Holocaust
who knows what we would have done
teenagers whatever I'm not excusing it
but I'm not really condemning it what I
condemned very specifically in the
column that had George Soros sue me is
decades later he was interviewed by 60
minutes and they asked him about his his
role in the Holocaust because not only
did he bicycle and deliver summonses to
Jews to bring them to their deaths but
he was placed with a non-jewish family
and pretended to be a Gentile that's
that's great but he would go around with
that non-jewish family and expropriate
property from Jews like he actually
helped the Nazis now I'm not saying that
again your teenager you're just trying
to survive the war your dad tells you to
do it I'm not going to be too judgmental
but decades later when he went on 60
minutes I think it was steve Kroft i bet
we can find that Hannah and Justin can
you can you google steve Kroft George
Soros I bet we can find this video
he was asked do you ever lose any sleep
over what you did so it's not do you
regret that did you regret at the time
it's you helped bring Jews to their
death did you ever lose any sleep and he
said he did not and I read his various
biographies he said it was actually the
most exciting time of his life George
Soros instead of having this hole in his
heart from what he did that he
collaborated in sending the Jews to
their deaths
even if he was told to do so by his dad
even if he didn't do so someone else
would have done so that's what he said
he said if I wouldn't have done it
someone else would have done it all
right I don't know if it's a moral
excuse but decades later you say it was
the most exciting time of your life
that's gross I wrote that in the Toronto
Sun George Soros sued me
that's my sorrow story looking for some
more Super chats here I think I saw one
Henry wall what are your thoughts on the
Lawton controversy
well my first point is that I think
Andrew Lawton is a conservative
commentator and he's former media in
fact he used to do podcasts and videos
for us I don't know if you know that and
so anytime a journalist with any spice
in their commentary goes into politics
someone's going to go through thousands
of their comments on tweets on radio TV
so yeah they found some things that
Lawton said over the years none of which
are disqualifying I mean some of them
are right-wing but yeah that's he's a
right-wing guy since when does the media
get to tell other media they can't say
it it's it's ridiculous the attacks on
him but I find his excuse while I said
those things when I had mental health
issues I I think that's a social justice
warrior cop-out now maybe that's a form
of Judo saying oh you're gonna try and
get me kicked out because I said
conservative things in the media I'm
gonna out liberal you and say Oh what do
you use some sort of discriminator
against mental illness or something but
why not just own it when I said those
are my points of view maybe I could have
been more nuanced or maybe I mean I
agree with this or I should have said it
this way but just simply say yeah all
those hundreds of things I said is a
conservative that was mental illness
that I don't buy it
I'm not criticizing mental in this and I
know that Andrew Lawton had some
challenges before and I totally
supported I consider him a friend by the
way but to say all the conservative
things that were I was crazy when I said
those I think that's a cop-out I just
hear in my ear for my friend so we have
various clips so let's start I want to
start with the thing I most recently
referred to which is George Soros here's
an outtake of George Soros being
interviewed on 60 minutes where he says
he absolutely loses no sleep at all from
the fact that he delivered summonses to
the Jews of his town to go to their
deaths
take a look you're a Hungarian Jew
who escaped the Holocaust by posing as a
Christian right and you watched
people get shipped off to the death camp
so that was 14 years old and I would say
that that's when my character was made
in what way that one should think ahead
one should understand and and anticipate
events and one one is threatened it was
a tremendous threat of evil I mean it
was a very personal experience of evil
my understanding is is that you went out
with this protector of yours who swore
that you were his adopted godson yes yes
when I would in fact and helped in the
confiscation of property from the Jews
that site yes I mean that's that sounds
like an experience that would send lots
of people to the psychiatric couch for
many many years was it difficult no not
at all not at all it may be as a child
you don't you don't see the connection
but it was it created no no problem at
all no feeling of guilt know for example
that I'm Jewish
and Here I am watching these people go I
could just as easily be there I should
be there none of that
well a of course I could I could be on
the other side or I could be the one
from whom it the thing is being taken
away but there was no sense that I
shouldn't be there because if that was
well actually funny way it's just like
in markets that if I weren't there of
course I wasn't doing it but somebody
else would be taking it away anyhow
University whether I was there or not I
was only a spectator the property was
being taken away so I had no role in
taking away that property so I had no
sense of guilt
there you have it that was Dinesh
D'Souza who put that clip up online you
could see was doing with his book the
big lie so yeah that's sure Soros I
basically wrote about that and he sued
the Sun in which I wrote it so I'm no
fan of Soros I think we have one more
clip and this was in reaction to the
super Chad request do we have the mark
Dale hunting clip we do and and this is
silly for our American viewers I see
some folks from Sacramento do some folks
from the UK we have this awful awful
government comedy show I know how do you
have government comedians that's those
two things don't go together mean comedy
there used to be a position in the royal
court called a court jester and give me
a slimmies check the time it's 12:40 you
know what a court jesters role was to
entertain anyone but it was much more
important than that the court jester by
custom had immunity from the punishments
that would come from offending the King
so the court jester had an extremely
important job I mean you know they said
they would have someone whispering in
the ear of the Roman Emperor you are
just a man not a God because he would
just to keep his ego in check a slave
would whisper in the Roman emperors ear
well that's sort of the role that the
jester would play in the English royal
court to say things in jest that
everyone else was thinking but they
couldn't get away with it because their
political careers would be dashed so
that role the court jester was not just
to make the King laugh but it was to say
things to the king in humour that no one
else would dare to say because it would
ruin them they would be punished for
defamation or whatnot the Jester could
say and say haha just a joke my Lords
that's what government comedy is
supposed to be but in Canada we have a
state broadcaster called the CBC and we
have government comedians and they're
the opposite of the court jester they
Mock the Week and protect the powerful
lest they lose their paycheck so they
have a show in Canada called this hours
22 minutes extremely unfunny it's
basically the Liberal Party's talking
points set to a laugh track much like a
lot of common
and late-night TV on the states except
for that's not paid for by taxpayers
Eenie who in Canada there's this unfunny
comedian and Megas cholera Kamini
because she's just an activist who
shouts and they run a laugh track under
it so I dressed up as her Marg Delonte
and she's a character where she has a
sword and sort of just bellows and I got
to say I don't think it's particularly
funny but we had a fifty dollar super
chat request to play it from Marilyn
Nielsen and Marilyn you want it you got
it
here's me pretending I'm Marge Delahunty
the government comedian hi it's me barge
Dillahunty from this twenty two minutes
feels like an hour I'm here Toronto City
Hall that's the mayor's inner sanctum
busting the labor he needs to pick up
our garbage I'm gonna go in there now if
I don't make it out alive
well long may your big jib draw
ya know we got a fair way to head out
this very straight you know this is the
city can't wear another pair about the
strike no yeah can't happen can't happen
we got a fair way to get these unions
okay no fired stella hunting from this
22 minutes feels like an hour
what are you doing some are union
busting oh you're talking about garbage
strikes are you now a boy well every
time you leave the office you take out
the garbage I am barge Delahunty from
this twenty two minutes feels like an
hour and I've sneaked into City Hall to
find Mayor Rob Ford follow me I think is
inside your boy Mayor Rob Ford
Kord where are you Oh smells like
conservative policy making in here what
are you doing Lord Jesus Mary Joseph in
the 7/7 oh what's that what's that is
that your foreign policy platform to
where your large Delahunty from this
22-minute feels like you know I'm
parched Oh hunty from this 22 minutes
feels like an hour
surely in Rob Ford's home there let's go
pack him unawares
that was funnier than I remember but you
know what not that funny we threw a
laugh track under it that's all they do
at this hour has 22 minutes or as I
called it there this is 22 minutes feels
like an hour Marilyn I'm so glad you
reminded me of that I forgot about that
video that was fun that was you know
what I should do things like that more I
think I'm too serious in my old age
that's probably five years ago or so now
it's I know are you thinking what's that
got to do with anything with that that
unfunny comedian Mark Delahunty would
basically jump up can we find one more
clip can we find the clip of Mark
Delahunty actually going on to Rob
Ford's home property and shouting at him
until he went back into his house
because you're probably saying that was
weird and sort of funny maybe but what
was it all about like who's this beast
of a guy chasing down the mayor and and
shouting at him well that was actually
me lampooning what they actually did to
rob for it at his home and you know
we're gonna look for that I think I saw
some more super Chad's come in that was
fun that was fun I forgot how much fun
that was primp 0:08 says Ezra manis mark
de Haan Teja ringing Rob Ford videos on
Pinterest CA
yeah thanks we finally founded our team
here Kathy Griffin a comedian threatens
the president yeah well it's just yeah I
mean it would be as if Kathy Griffin
work for the state broadcaster it's just
not that funny
anyways so the people that people seem
to like it I'm just looking at some of
the comments here oh my god so funny
from VM Parliament carry a work
larious Ezra Lee Clark Larry's Maximus
minimus that was very well thank you
very much thank you very much I'm glad
you like it
I'm sort of chuckling holy cow the time
it's gone it's it's only twelve for it
sorry 1247 this is too much fun I didn't
even get to have my stuff here I'm going
to show you one more video the original
you probably said well what were you
doing dressing up like that and throwing
around your little Newfoundland isms
Jesus Joseph Mary and the seven Saints
stuff like that what it was based on
this take a look from Newfoundland to
talk to your heart the plug in the jug
keep the muscle and dog is a much
gutsier kind of fella than that yeah
what's really funny is it I mean he just
and that was on his property he was
driving his young children to school and
Marga Hans he stormed onto the property
there was just some clips from it just
stormed on the property shouted at him
she said I got to go to school I got it
I gotta go I gotta go
and she just shouted at him and then
finally she left and ranted was was she
any funnier than I was I don't think so
she stuffed wing arm right wing so
what's the difference between us well
she gets paid handsomely by the state
broadcaster that's the difference and
that's why I was wrong all right it's so
48 and we've had a lot of fun here and I
didn't get around on my John Oliver
comments on Venezuela we'll do that next
week it's not really time-sensitive I
want to show you something that happened
to our friend Katie Hopkins you know who
Katie Hopkins is she's our talent from
the United Kingdom very interesting
woman came to prominence from The
Apprentice UK you know that the Trump's
showed was franchise over their presence
UK she became a columnist for The Mail
Online and she's a real rebel in the
best sense of that word so she went to
molenbeek which is a Muslim Enclave in
Brussels Belgium she went there just
last week to do journalism she did fun
stuff she went to all 22 more
that's a big journey she wore a burka to
fit in but can you believe it she was
just on the street and she literally ran
into the mayor on the street in fact the
mayor came up to her and said don't sit
on that bench it's filthy okay when the
mayor says don't sit down on a public
bench because a filthy listen the mayor
but Katie knows had been about the mayor
of molenbeek who has called her own City
a breeding ground for violence and cainy
asked the mayor since they were talking
anyways about the filthy public
infrastructure why did you not do
anything when police told you you had a
terrorist in your town why did you not
do anything the terrorists went on to
help commit the battle and terrorist
attack that commit killed more than a
hundred people in Paris enough talk for
me here take a look here's an excerpt
from the interview with the mayor
Monique but if a hundred and thirty
people died and 415 people are injured
if that was my daughter and you said but
it wasn't our job I would really want to
I would feel angry at you would many
people feel angry every day yeah but
that you were given a list and you said
it's not the job you were given a list
no no no this list
it was those people are maybe supposed
to be the terrorist activities not the
tourist activities the jihadist
activities this is think it makes it
better I don't think it makes it better
and you didn't hide anything of course
that's your I am angry because I'm I
live in London and my children are a
risk every day but what if given that
list you just gonna grab those people
nothing would have happened this Paris
will understand no police look again
arrest people we are not April what we
do it
we can't listen we just can't catch
people when they if this if I do
something yeah on on the fact but we
can't arrest people no that's not having
and thank you I do appreciate your time
I appreciate honesty and I appreciate
you being out to speak hey man we can't
do anything man I mean you can't expect
police to arrest people I mean come on I
mean I know yeah but you know I don't
know why I did that accent
that's real I mean I what are the odds
bombing the mayor and asking the mayor
why'd you had a list of more than 30 G
Hadees in your town you had that list
one month before the battle clan attack
why did you do nothing well it's not for
my police to do some other police force
really you're the mayor but molenbeek
your foresight your job who's the hell
job is it well it's some federal play
you know it's not my job it's not my job
it's not my job I know some people are
angry it's not my job how does she still
have that job well I think maybe she has
that job precisely because she does
exactly what the people in the Muslim
Enclave want I mean just to be clear I
don't know if it all came through there
one of the terrorists who committed the
battle an attack in Paris returned to
molenbeek Belgium to hide and managed to
hide in that town for four months how do
you have the the most wanted criminal
terrorists in Europe like this was the
worst terrorist attack in France since
Second World War I was in 130 people
were were murdered if I'm not mistaken
massive manhunt how do you hide in a
small town for four months well you hide
with the complicity of the people who
live there they don't regard you as a
fugitive they regard you as a hero so
how does the mayor stay in power well
she does what the people a mall and big
water she won't be mayor for long I
think the people in my limbic vote for a
mayor who turns the other way turns her
eyes the other way on terrorism because
if you actually had a tough on crime
tough on terrorism mayor who would say
yeah I'd better arrest someone within
the the extremist population of
molenbeek would vote you out wouldn't
they I see a super shadow of the corner
of my eye
Nelson Saul said wouldn't it be nice to
go back to pre metric days Fahrenheit is
more accurate anyways all right we can
talk about that another day Nelson I
appreciate the five bucks but I want to
say one thing before because all right
12:54 so I haven't closed my story on
Katie Hopkins so that wasn't it I
thought was a great interview
and that went viral and so did Katie's
other videos she did from molenbeek I
think yeah this would happen
can we call up why I don't know if we
can find it quickly one of the Belgian
newspapers that mayor and she said it
from her own words look at this
molenbeek mayor to sue British
journalists for defamation hold it up on
the screen here
Francois Shipman's accuses journalist
Katie Hopkins of trying to break
molenbeek hey sorry sister it's already
broken
the mayor molenbeek is seeking to file a
civil suit against British journalist
Katie Hopkins for depicting the Brussels
neighborhood the European capital of
jihadism what this journalist did is
inexcusable
Mona big mayor Francois shipment old
Belgian outlet madeira Iran Thursday in
her comment she's shown a real desire to
break monlam beak Katie Hopkins earlier
this week stop Shep ins in the street
and grilled her on local authorities
apparent failure to detain Salah
Abdeslam one of the perpetrators of the
2015 Paris attacks that killed one and
30 people despite the fact he was known
to police Chapman's who claims she was
not aware she was speaking to a
journalist really what's the big camera
Mississippi camera theft and that the
interaction was being filmed yeah we had
a camera you looked into the camera
responded by explaining that local
authorities were not in a position to
detain address and that is the job of
the Federal Police Inspector Clouseau
you should call Inspector Clouseau he
will find these perpetrators and bring
them to justice it happens to me often
that a person on the street comes out
okay what's with all the impressions in
the accents would you please forgive me
for that I'm making light of actually a
serious situation the mayor of molenbeek
is suing Katie Hopkins for that
interview the words she said herself how
does it even defamation when you were
the one saying the words about yourself
Katie said here's questions
the mayor said here's answers the
answers were embarrassing how can you
sue Katie Hopkins when you're the one
who said the embarrassing things about
you and don't tell me didn't know we had
a team we had a cameraman it wasn't just
Katie with like a hidden pen there was a
guy there did you notice it wasn't Kane
holding your own camera oh my god I
should tell you we've hired a lawyer in
Belgium and we you know and we won't get
into our legal instructions with them
but obviously we're gonna fight
obviously we're going to fight what do
you think I showed you the interview you
can find it you can find the whole thing
on our website but I showed you over a
minute of it what do you think Katie
Hopkins is being sued by the mayor
Belgium because she's going to break
Marlin beak it's already broken sister
sorry broken that's a real thing that um
I read you the article we've hired a
lawyer it's real I don't know if the
site is live now but go to save Hopkins
calm if it's not live now it'll be live
momentarily
save Hopkins yep there it is a Belgian
mayor suing me for the crime of
journalism save Hopkins dot-com do you
want to save Katie Hopkins
it's not even Katie Hopkins that's being
prosecuted it's the idea that you can do
journalism about terrorism and
terrorists coddling Mainers that's
really what's on trial here
I see it's 1257 I see a few super chats
creeping in let me make sure I respond
to them we'll talk about Fahrenheit and
Celsius another time I'm sorry we just
don't know time today
Mike DC 105 bucks isn't it unreal his
job hoaxes international news and the
honored killing story has swept under
the rug thanks for doing that story
needs exposure tune in to my show
tonight at 8:00 p.m. because I'm doing
I'm doing more in that vein you know
we've got other things I wanted to show
you I wanted to show you a promo for
John caudillo show off the cuff tonight
I just don't think we have time because
it's 1258 I wanted to tell you again
that our saved the Christians comm DB D
is now you can pre-order it and you can
download it for video on-demand anytime
and I wanted to show you an excerpt from
my show yesterday but look at that the
time flew I was too silly today I sort
of regret all those dumb accents I did I
totally don't regret showing you but
Martella
and that was I remember doing that
I remember dressing up and you know what
made that the laugh track because it
wasn't funny
but same with the government journalists
at this Irish training two minutes ago
Marie Khomeini's they're not funny you
throw a laugh track under just about
anything it's very powerful because the
thing about a laugh track is you feel
like other people are laughing and so
you want to laugh a lot okay this is
that time to laugh everyone else is
offering a better laugh or means I
didn't get it a laugh trap is an
extremely powerful psychological tool
like all soundtracks are and I
discovered in that very unfunny clip I
did that if you add a laugh track you
know what let me just tell you one last
thing it's 12:15 I have about a minute
left on YouTube there's this thing and
it's very powerful you can find your
favorite comedy show and just type into
the Google search bar what's that what's
that I'm not the third Rock what's
what's that
what's the nerdy son no I forgot it's
it's the it's the show all the kids
watch about these nerdy smart kids and
the one pretty girl and whatever the Big
Bang Theory I don't know why I called
that there's big bang things typing The
Big Bang Theory no laugh track there are
people out there who take the audio and
delete the laugh track and you watch Big
Bang Theory without the laugh track or
any of those shows of the laugh track
you will be shocked at how unfunny they
are do it go on YouTube Big Bang Theory
no laugh track you will be shocked it is
such a powerful propaganda tool and so
and that is why late night comedy is so
effective they are not funny when they
attack Donald Trump attack Melania Trump
attack but they're not funny well you
throw a laugh track under that oh yeah
of course I don't like Donald Trump I
mean everyone else will laugh at no it's
just the psychological power of a laugh
track you know I have an app on my phone
a laugh track app and I don't use it
enough but when people say thing I would
sometimes the button and get and get a
laugh track I you know what it's if I
should I'm just I know it's one o'clock
and then we're out of time but it's it's
it's just called studio yeah I'm going
to show you right now let's say someone
tells you a really dumb joke or let's
say they ask for something from you and
it's ridiculous just hit the button that
says laughter oh my mic is off there we
go my sound is off you just play that
and and you or you just or you it's a
great little app I gotta use that some
more as a strange note to end on but I
want to be serious Katie Hopkins is
being sued for reporting the journalism
out of molenbeek we've hired a lawyer in
Belgium I'm joking around today was a
very jokey show I'm not sure why maybe
was Friday maybe because I was just
remembering that jokey thing we did on
the sunday news network but we actually
are being sued by the censors in Europe
and I don't even know the law very well
over there article 275 of the Belgian
Criminal Code specifically provides
punishment for embarrassing or insulting
politicians you know they have different
laws than we have in Canada the United
States in the UK they don't believe in
free speech as much we're gonna fight
like hell if you want to help us please
do you go to safe Hopkins calm
I enjoyed the week very much thank you
to everyone who chipped into the super
chair that's 102 we're two minutes late
so I should tell you we're not doing the
show on Monday in Canada it's Victoria
Day so we're taking Monday off but I
will be back on Tuesday for all of you
who have been joining me these lunch
hours for our super chats thank you for
that for all of you who have chipped in
financially I really appreciate that and
for all those of you who watch my stupid
impressions without cringing too much
thanks for that I thought it was a great
week and today was a lot of fun good
night everybody and keep fighting for
freedom
you
