who pays whom where does the money come
from and I understand that there's
special bonuses and bounties for the
families of terrorists who actually die
in a terrorist operation tell our
viewers about that you asked why
somebody would bring a baby to riot the
reason is that Gaza families are
receiving $100 subsidy from Hamas and a
hundred hours is good money over there
to come out and actually go to the fence
and to riot now of course they don't
stop at the hundred dollar subsidy there
are escalating pay scales if you're
wounded you get 200 hours if you're
seriously wounded you get 500 if you're
killed you get 3,000 in which case your
family presumably collect so there are
these upward we scales that actually
incentivize people to get into
confrontations with Israel to actually
be shadow is to claim to be shot because
you get paid even more we're looking at
a reporter in Gaza let me just read the
tweet RAF Sanchez says we met some young
man earlier cashing $200 checks they got
from Hamas after being shot by Israeli
forces on Friday the severely injured
get 500 and the families of the Dead get
3,000 very interesting actual pictures
of the checks and the young men at the
bank I have not seen this reported
widely interesting enough though the New
York Times published a correction the
other day I think mr. neary times or was
the Washington Post forgive me it was
one of those very prestigious liberal
papers they had originally said it was
false a fact check that it was a right
wing conspiracy theory that the
Palestinian terrorists were paid a
bounty in their fact-check but they got
their own fact check wrong and they
later admitted that this is official
palestinian policy that this isn't
hidden they call them martyrs they call
them Patriots but they're not they're
not pretending this doesn't happen it's
it's the willful choice of the Western
media not to report this because it's
not like this is a secret it's not
secret at all it's routine any report on
the ground knows about this for that
matter Hamas and the Palestinian
Authority very loudly publicized their
payments they make ceremonies out of
them the guys who are we
the terrorists were released previously
applicant nap ago in this very soldier
at 3000 our checks and hire Nokia phones
so they do this in public
Saddam Hussein for them added did it in
public when he was funding Hamas other
Muslim dictators also do the same thing
they have very splashy ceremonies
because this is a big public relations
thing for them it's like winning the
Olympics that's an excerpt from my daily
TV show the Ezra Levant show normally
it's behind a paywall but I thought
you'd like this video so we put it on
YouTube if you want to subscribe to
watch the daily show every day including
always two interviews today and I read
my hate mail just click on this screen
and become a Premium Member
you
