last call to join us on our rebel trip
to Israel next month it's a ten day trip
through Israel with expert guides it's
not just tourism its political briefings
military briefings touring key sites
throughout the country if you're
interested in Israel for religious
reasons or historical reasons are you
just fascinated by what's happening in
that part of the world this is the trip
for you you'll be with about 60 other of
our most enthusiastic rebel viewers
we'll travel together around the country
great food great hotels and we'll have
five rebel celebrities that's what I'm
calling our kings five rebel celebrities
with us the whole time including my
friends Katie Hopkins she is a celebrity
she's the gun ring John Cardillo Tanveer
almond and myself we have a few spaces
left but not too many and you've got to
sign up right now because we're closing
off new registrations this week for all
the details including the exact schedule
and the two different levels of pricing
go to rebel Israel calm it's gonna be
the trip of a lifetime
Israel is always the center of the
world's news these days especially come
see with me and my fellow rebels visit
rebel Israel calm but do it now because
we leave next month come on you got to
come with me to Israel go to rebel
Israel calm for all the details
