during his remarks in London everyone
was also quoted by Andalou Turkish state
media as saying quote Israel is a
terrorist state end quote and quote what
Israel is doing is a genocide end quote
now he's talking about the 55
Palestinians oh I mean Hamas terrorists
killed in Gaza 2,700 injured well tell
you what don't allow don't allow Hamas
terrorists to stir you up
this is ridiculous this is so ridiculous
I was speaking to somebody a former
Israeli consul general yesterday and he
said to me I said what's going on over
there and he said Hamas is stirring up
unrest in Gaza
they've got thirty forty thousand people
running around because they have Hamas
terror cells trying to make incursions
into Israel and other places so wait a
minute it's a big diversion he said yep
it's what they do it's their mo our
intelligence has known that for years
and that's why the idea of the Israeli
Defense Force is killing these guys in
other places along the strip
needs to be done very simple if Hamas
terrorists stop trying to kill Israelis
if Hamas terrorists stop trying to get
into Israel presumably to go bomb things
in Jerusalem during the celebrations the
IDF wouldn't be killing Hamas terrorists
Palestinians wouldn't be injured really
really very simple
now the only reason there's unrest is
because guys like Bill Clinton and in
George W Bush and Barack Obama
especially Barack Obama well they kept
ceding ground Thomas and Gaza Hamas
never should have been given Gaza he's
not the Palestinians who got Gaza let's
make no mistake about this it is Hamas
it is Hamas now Hezbollah has been
relatively quiet over there in Lebanon
but with an emboldened Iran oh my god if
Hillary Clinton were were President of
the United States Hillary Clinton were
president United States Israel would be
in serious jeopardy of an invasion of
mass casualty incident but Hezbollah is
relatively quiet we don't know if
they're gonna be reactivated they're
right there they're a puppet of Iran
Hamas and Iran are very close it's
really by the grace of God literally
maybe that those two haven't decided to
cooperate militarily yet but I think
it's because Hezbollah wants to
legitimize themselves a bit more in
Lebanon kind of like when you know mob
the mob wiseguys beside the go legit and
so they stop leaving bodies on the
street to create that that illusion of
legitimacy for a little while don't
worry they'll go back to their old ways
but at least we have a stronger United
States and a rock-solid US Israel
Alliance to squash that very very
quickly
Oh Benjamin Netanyahu wasted no time
responding to her too on her Diwan made
that comment and Netanyahu took to
Twitter this morning and he said quote
her Towanda's among Hamas his biggest
supporters and there is no doubt that he
well understand terrorism and slaughter
I suggest that he not preach morality to
us
did not disagree with the word Benjamin
Netanyahu says I rarely do he's a
brilliant guy puff his nails he really
is Donald Trump they're very much the
same guy that's why this alliance
terrifies the world that's why this
alliance terrifies the globalist these
are all very important stories and I
want to bring them to you every single
day so help me do that by subscribing
we're a premium service at WWWE a
forward slash shows also go to the App
Store download the rebel app and go to
fire Scott Israel dot-com sign our
petition let's get this horrible Broward
County Sheriff removed from office as
always thanks so much for watching I'll
see you tomorrow
you
