what you get when you put three failed
politicians in a factory in Essex well
you get a pretty boring press conference
on a show of disdain for democracy
so off the back of the mi5 chief Andrew
Parker telling us that we need to work
with the European Union in order to stop
terrorism we've now got three political
has-beens standing up on a stage in a
rice factory on warehouse in Essex
telling us that praxic must be stopped
so David Miliband is one of them he's
back on the scene really David Miliband
is been a while hasn't it
so David Miliband got up on stage at the
tilde Factory in Essex and he was with
basically some of the biggest remainders
in British politics he was with former
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg and he was
also with Nicky Morgan now these are not
heavyweights in British politics by any
stretch and the fact that they all stand
up there with their podiums looking
serious in a rice factory in Essex
trying to be normal is just laughable
David Miliband he lost to his reading
little brother in the Labour leadership
election I mean he lost to Ed Miller
imagine losing to Ed Miliband
to Ed Miliband Nicky Morgan she was
sacked by Theresa May and well Nick
Clegg was sacked by the public
Amara Labor Party 21000
so what authority did these people think
they have when it comes to brexit but
before I get into what exactly happened
here let's think about David Miliband
now he resigned in 2013 after lost to
his brother and he went off to work with
the International Rescue Committee in
New York City he got a lovely new job in
the United States he swallowed off over
to America and got a salary of three
hundred thousand pounds a year so this
is not a man who well knows what it's
like living in modern Britain there's a
normal working person but still thinks
he's got the authority to come back
after five years and tell us all what to
do now he sat down or stood up at
podiums with Nick Clegg and Nicky Morgan
in a factory in Essex trying to look
normal it was a cross-party panel and
they were there to tell the UK to stay
in the European Economic Area they want
a backtrack on brags it they want to
kind of kind of push to resume to change
direction and we all know that Teresa's
pretty shaky at the moment we know that
breaks it deal is I mean it's it's on
shore we don't know what the hell's
happening so these guys want to get in
on the action and push this soft
graduate idea
by the way soft bread well when did soft
breads it happen who came up with soft
bread I don't ever remember seeing soft
Briggs it on the ballot paper to you so
the article here in the BBC is entitled
UK needs Briggs it's safe harbor
according to David Miliband thanks for
your input mate David Miliband has urged
the UK to seek a safe harbor after brags
it by staying in the European Economic
Area the ex Labour Foreign Secretary
said Jeremy Corbyn who has ruled out the
so called Norway model risk becoming the
Midwife of a heart breaks it ministers
say EEA membership would require the UK
to accept most EU rules as well as
freedom of movement which is true I mean
if we stay in the European Economic Area
which by the way just seems like we're
reversing time a little bit you know
it's like going back to the whole
European Economic Community which
preceded the EU but if we stay in the
European Economic Area we are going to
have freedom of movement if we do what
Nick Clegg and Nicky Morgan and David
Miliband are telling us to do we are
still in the European Union but here's
the thing we'll have an even worse deal
than
last time last time we had members of
European Parliament and I think I've
actually explained this before in a
previous video at least we used to have
members of European Parliament they
couldn't actually propose legislation
but they could rubber stamp them like
monkeys and pretend they were doing
something if we stay in the European
Economic Area we've got to abide by most
of the EU rules but we won't have it any
representation in Parliament at all and
we'll have free movement I mean isn't
that great free movement you know a day
after the mi5 chief tells us that one
terrorist attack has been stopped every
month since the Westminster Bridge
attacks and yep now they're telling us
to keep free movement and keep bringing
those people in amazing isn't it but
there's a quote here Mr Miliband told
the BBC that the UK must get real saying
that 60% of UK trade was under European
aegis Aegis he means under EU protection
that's a word to mean that it's under
control under protection of the European
Union but he uses the word you just hear
he is stood in a factory in Essex trying
to do his best to look normal like a
normal person oh I'm just a working
class boy look at me I'm working-class I
I'm interested in in in British jobs for
British workers blood libel
Aegis it isn't that just scream
politician to you you're trying to be
normal and then you use language like
who is he talking to is he talking to
his local club at the Oxford University
he's meant to be talking to normal
people Ã¦gis you can sit in a factory or
you'd like and try and lecture the
British public but at the end of the day
we voted for braixen and what this
screams to me is it screams political
opportunism they see that to reason may
struggling to see that she's weak
and they're trying to take advantage of
it and I saw an amazing thing just look
at this tweet from I don't know who this
is
naive politicians fall for company PR
exercises I didn't even notice this the
first time I looked at this it's got
this huge tilde advertising behind them
and they literally stood in front of
bags of rice oh I mean it it's funny
it's terrible it's terrible at the end
of the day they're backtracking dog
breaks it or at least trying to force
the government to backtrack on greg's it
but
what absolutely aunty's honestly David
Miliband David Miliband pissed off if
you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team remember to
download our app on the Apple App Store
and the Google Play Store and like and
subscribe
you
