so Heidi Alexander has stepped down as
Labour MP for Lewisham East and you know
what that means there's gonna be a
by-election and God knows what kind of
mental case the Labour Party's gonna put
up in her place
so Heidi Alexander has taken a job in
City Hall so there's going to be a
by-election in Lewisham East and the
dates been set it's June 14th which is a
lot sooner than I thought that's what 33
days away from today crazy I thought
they would have done it after summer
recess usually it's within about a
three-month period so you know it's not
just me that's shocked by how quick this
turnaround is local Labour Party members
are calling for the for a selection
process a better selection process a
local selection process for the Labour
candidate and they're saying that the
way they've done it is a stick chart
they're actually saying that that's the
reason why the writ was moved and the
date is so soon is so that the National
Labor Party can just shoehorn in a
candidate now I saw an article here on
the labour list in the article it says
quote the party says it's a
parliamentary custom that by-elections
are held as quickly as possible
particularly in the case of resignations
rather than deaths whereby funeral
arrangements may get in the way of a
high-speed process if the NEC didn't
draw up the shortlist of parliamentary
candidates the whole operation would
likely take up to two months before the
timetable was approved by the NEC on
Thursday lewisham East CLP that's the
constituency labour party chair Ian
McKenzie wrote to local members
encouraging them to make their
opposition to it known to NEC members am
black and Andy Kerr McKenzie said there
was no need to rush and called for the
shortlist to be decided locally but CLP
s do not determine their own shortlist
for by-elections
this is the kind of bickering and inner
chaos that you'd expect traditionally
from smaller parties than the far-right
I mean this is amazing
for anyone who thinks that the rights
got a problem with bickering just look
at the Labour Party it happens
everywhere but they've got an actual
real concern here I think I wouldn't be
happy if I was in the Labour Party and
the by-election was called just a month
from now and the the head of the party
just chooses the candidate when they
might have better local
especially when the Labour Party's got a
history of shoehorning in ethnic
minorities and people who aren't of
privilege and blah blah blah so in
Mackenzie's right into members telling
them to tell the Labour Party national
body that they want to say in who the
candidates going to be but who are the
runners and riders in this election we
can't say for sure we don't honestly
know who it's going to be at this point
but there is speculation there are some
candidates for this by-election who
could well become the next MP for the
Lew issue and the reason I say the next
MP is because the majority here is
massive it's been a Labour safe seat for
a think about 26 years since 1992
so yeah 26 years and the majority in
2017 was twenty one thousand one hundred
and twenty three votes Thanks
I mean that's a bigger majority than in
2015 when they had 14,000 as a majority
in 2010 the majority was only six
thousand two hundred and sixteen I mean
so this majority has grown and grown and
grown and that's changed with the
demographics of the London obviously so
I've got a list here of five candidates
who could replace Heidi our example
number one Sakina shake now she's the
ultimate Corbin Easter candidate in this
one and last week she was filmed with a
lewisham Imam called Shaquille bag who I
think I've talked about on the show
before and he was found by the High
Court in 2016 to have quote clearly
promoted and encouraged violence in
support of Islam and espoused the series
of extremist Islamic positions this
woman shared a platform with an
extremist Muslim from a mosque known to
have promoted extremism shake was also
endorsed by bag from the Loom Islamic
Centre which has been linked to the Lee
Rigby killers during the local elections
recently and by the way if you look at
what's being said on ghido Forks where I
first saw this and compare it to what's
being said on labour websites on the
labour website it doesn't say anything
about the fact that Shaikh appeared
alongside an extreme
Imam no no no no the red roll calm just
talks about how shake her once
campaigned against the privatisation of
the NHS funny that one so there's a
radical standing for the Labour Party
who woulda thunk it
then there's Tom katli less interesting
I'm afraid he's a London Assembly Member
who lives in Lewisham so it kind of
standard candidate you'd think would
probably be used but ghido reports that
he's been telling his friends that it's
likely just gonna be an all-women
shortlists equality you know from a
Labour point of view cop please an ideal
candidate from what I know he doesn't
have any extremist links he's local I
might not agree with his policies but he
seems like an obvious choice or one of
the possible obvious choices then this
John Landsman now he's the leader of
momentum and it's funny because momentum
wherever momentum went in the gym in the
local elections the other week labour
failed which is great but I saw John
Landsman the other day on TV and he
looks like an upsetting father Christmas
you know it's like if you set your child
on his knee your child would cry so he's
the head of momentum and there's been
talk that he's gonna make a foray into
politics so I don't know some people are
saying he could be it I'm not sure we'll
see Nadine Horton
she's the GMB union organizer allegedly
a former member of the Socialist Party
and militant so another labor extremist
possible candidate but there's also
rumors of a woman whose name I am going
to pronounce wrong sorry this is
probably going to get accused of some
kind of colonial racism here but it's
fill or file Oh koku demag definitely
pronounce that wrong our senior party
sources told the hoff post in the UK
that the party is planning its
first-ever all-woman all black and
ethnic minority short list this woman
Phil she's the founder of UK black pride
and she once returned or rejected an MBE
because of the Empire's history of
racism
or what is it the record on State's race
and sexuality turn down an MBA amazing
so though we have it there the five
candidates that we're looking at so far
but I believe it's said online by inside
sources that this is all going to be
chosen by Wednesday so it could well be
a manic weekend of the Labour Party
trying to figure out who the hell is
going to be their next MP and if if
labor goes through with this in the
all-women shortlist in the all black and
ethnic minority short list and if they
do this at a national revenue level and
ignore their local constituency party
there gonna be a lot of trouble but
what's even scarier is I mean this is
almost why is just a shoehorn in for the
Labour Party though they get to choose
who the next member of parliament is
that it goes into that historic building
and pretends to represent the people so
I'm quite worried about that I'm quite
worried that as much as I may dislike
Heidi aiexander there's probably people
far more extreme than her and one of
them could well are about to be elected
into British Parliament if you want to
see more from me and the rest of the
rebel team remember to download our app
on the Apple App Store and the Google
Play Store and like and subscribe
you
