Venus Williams disappoints feminists
a big win against terrorism and Dennis
Miller supplies some cold hard truths
all of that today on the rebel buzz
tennis champion Venus Williams is not a
feminist and she is not afraid to say it
same here girl as I have discussed
before the term feminists is deceptive
feminism in the 50s and 60s was all
about women's empowerment and creating
an equal playing field for both genders
both genders not all genders there are
just two just two genders people but
today's iteration of feminism is all
about man bashing and masking the male
gender and elevating women such that
they hold more power than men not equal
power feminism has morphed from an
aversion to gender inequality to an
aversion to men in general this is not a
misunderstanding of the movement this is
a clear and verifiable observation I
know plenty of women who go through life
thinking that men are the enemy
actually feminists have become an
inverted version of misogynist I've said
it before and I'll say it again I have
been very fortunate to have remarkable
and honorable men in my life I am
surrounded by them my male counterparts
here at the rebel Ezra John Sebastian my
colleagues at the pack that I represent
my male family members and my male
friends are all spectacular people in
general and they just so happen to be
men yes there are crappy men out there
there are crappy women out there they're
crappy people in general but I have
endured more awful treatment in life by
women than men honestly but a reluctance
to recognize this coupled with habitual
victimhood has led to what the New Age
feminism is in 2018 but hello Venus
Williams she wants no part of it in an
interview Venus Williams was asked if
she was a feminist and this was her
response I don't like labels though I do
think as women we have much more power
and opportunities in our hands than ever
before we truly don't know how powerful
we are there's nothing like a powerful
woman walking into a room her presence
is like nothing else I mean it's almost
as if we as women have elevated
ourselves without the aid of this
new-age faux feminist movement it's like
Venus feels as though
she worked hard she was committed to her
training and sport and was subsequently
and justly rewarded for her successes go
figure Venus Williams is a tennis
superstar she didn't become that by
bashing men and clawing her way into the
spotlight demanding that she'd be given
titles and championships good for her
good for women but for men good for
everybody
whatever and more good news coming down
the pike for the Trump administration if
any of you stayed up past the 3:00 a.m.
hour on Wednesday night you had the
privilege of watching history unfold
three men who have been held as
prisoners in North Korea came home our
president who left who the left would
have you believe is a war monger along
with his 12 day fresh Secretary of State
Mike Pompeo negotiated the release of
Kim Hawk song Kim Dong cool and Kim sang
duck the image of those three stepping
off of the plane at the top of the
stairs with the president and the first
lady that will be one of the high points
and bragging chips of this
administration but there is yet another
victory that took place this week with
positive implications in the fight
against terrorism and murderous regimes
as stated by Iraqi officials on
Wednesday five high-ranking Islamic
state officials were captured in a
complex operation carried out by US
Iraqi coalition forces the process
leading up to the hashtag hell yes
moment for counterintelligence efforts
involved phone applications and the
hacking of secret bank accounts and
communication codes that were carried
out over the course of the last three
months and our dear president of course
tweeted the accomplishment saying this
five most wanted leaders of Isis just
captured now one of the five captured is
ismail al one all its Hoey who is a top
a to Abu Bakr al Baghdadi and who had
previously resided in Turkey but was
captured and transported to Iraq in
February now al Baghdadi is the declared
leader of the Islamic States caliphate
and he is still at large but if Bowie
upon capture was compelled to lure
several of his Isis contacts across the
border to join him in Iraq compelled how
well good old interrogation
waterboarding I don't know who knows
maybe not maybe they just played one
direction on repeat which might
maybe worse but the others who were
captured are Syrians Saddam Al Jamel abu
abdullah al haq mohammed al qadir omar
al car bully and isa al zour by isis if
i butchered those sorry now sorry
i wonder how we can extract more
intelligence from these bad hombres
interrogation maybe i don't know just a
thought and to close out my stories for
the week who doesn't love Dennis Miller
he's hilarious and I have never found an
instance where he wasn't 100 percent
spot-on or very close you know it is
nearly impossible to give off a cool
vibe if you're constantly crying whining
and generally throwing a fit no one
likes a brat or a crybaby on Sirius XM
on Wednesday Dennis Miller said this if
you're going to be with the cool kids
which we all know the left tries
desperately to be I've attached a video
of Joe Scarborough in the article so you
can see an example of that you cannot be
hysterical every day if you're saying
the guy is Hitler like or he's a hooker
junkie you're missing the point because
eventually the boy who cried wolf
syndrome takes over and people go geez
it seems to me that Trump won on
November 8th and every single day it's
the end of the world and he's exactly
right what I have observed is that it is
growing increasingly and exponentially
more difficult to convince Americans
that Trump is bad for America especially
when their paychecks are fatter there
are taxes owed are shrinking and the
people around them who used to be
unemployed or as I like to say
funemployed are now back to work
confidence and support for politicians
tends to be spurned by domestic issues
people care how much money they have
foreign issues tend to take a backseat
to the issues that people vote on but
with such visible signs of foreign
diplomatic success successes like North
Korean negotiations and isis-held
territories shrinking by 98 freaking
percent you can see why president
Trump's approval rating is on the rise
thanks so much for watching everybody
have a great weekend I'm Amanda hen for
the rebel
if you enjoyed my commentary and
opinions we've got an unlimited supply
of them here at the rebel so subscribe
to our premium content at WWWE do /os
follow us on Facebook and Twitter for
all of our latest news and download our
new awesome app for the rebel media on
the App Store that way you will have
instant and easy access to all of our
latest videos and your favorite rebel
shows thanks so much for watching I'm
Amanda head for the rebel
