this really is the heart of this part of
Belgium what's really surprising is hi
completely fill at the corner I had to
along here at all
everybody here is covered the butcher's
say it stomach butchery everything
I've just been in fine
and a burger and a cup of my head and so
this is really the part of Belgium where
I'm feeling slightly odd and trying to
remember that ivory wasn't in Europe I
haven't just traveled to
but I'm definitely outsider and it's not
nothing they're comfortable it's just
extraordinary that I'm only a few miles
from my own home but I feel like a
stranger
so back in the Westside at wannabe I was
told it was time for me to cover up I've
been to a store and I have got these
snappy little one of these and I think
I'm going to be a particular chapter in
this number many people tell me my
hair's not my best feature after my
brains there's grease that we'll see so
my plan is to put this stuff on and see
it covering up improves me or makes me
more appropriate for the jihadi captain
of Europe so I put this thing on and
there's a few things that you find
immediately one is that I guess about
50% of me the stuff I am the way I show
myself to the world without even
thinking about it is in what I wear what
I how I'd wear my stuff my silly
earrings my you know trying to I guess I
like to see myself as quite fun
I don't feel fun at all in this - I
would have put this on because my
husband told me to the idea that a man
tells me what to wear
that's bonkers especially in this day
and age but in Western society that's
not how it operates three immediately it
tells the world something about
everything I am what I believe in the
faith that I believe how I think you
should be it sends a signal and I don't
dress to send a signal about how I think
you should behave I'm talking about how
I should behave and for I'm now just
this if you look a bit like I'm handmade
and then another handmade would come
like if Margaret Atwood came up with a
costume she might come up with this and
I'm just here to provide sex food and
babies
and that doesn't make me feel very great
about myself at all and the idea that
everyday subservient li I would waffle
about in this and hide half of myself to
please someone please a man or please
some religion is bonkers to me I hate
this thing and it's coming straight off
I'm here to bring you the truth from the
jihadi capital of Europe we've kept
expenses to an absolute minimum but if
you can contribute I'd be grateful at
Hopkins worldcom
