when internet-based TV channel isn't
just politically free it isn't just
cheaper to produce it's also more
convenient for users who are lying
through their teeth about their human
rights violations I wanted to show you
what little intervention the UN is
having in this conflict I call BS on
blending truck there cannot be one set
of justice for people like Hillary
Clinton and team Obama and another for
the rest of us even the UN can't keep
their climate change conference green
you don't talk about any negative about
Islam and I have a lot of negative
experience about Islam across the West
there's a belief in freedom of religion
is Islam more than just a religion but
Islamist not polluted I know it sounds
crazy talking efficient young they have
even called me a practicing Muslim woman
and Aunty Muslim and an islamaphobe in a
pointless attempt to try to shop I
promise to tell you a story
you weren't here in any of the
mainstream media when you compare a
century of Prophet a hundred thousand
casualties to a hundred thousand deaths
a year in Syria alone you realize how
minuscule an issue it is there is no
arab-israeli crisis
that is not legal my legal advice is
that you do not do that
how does living in the shadow of Gaza
affect your children he written by an
educated Germany denouncing Christianity
threatening death and murder to any
Christians was this certified humane
facility Creek stone farms really
completely hollow because halal
sure doesn't seem humane to me blaming
guns is like blaming the spoon that made
Oprah fat
you guys wanna have a permanent culture
war what's wrong
the Second Amendment is highly regulated
already sometimes reality speaks a lot
louder than CNN headlines please sign
our petition demanding that the federal
government appeal this outrageous Pro
Sharia law decision we're here to help
save the Christians who came through
with the necessary funding for this
fantastic billboard truck let's help the
spear kids and so we did we raised over
two hundred and thirty thousand dollars
you
