we've got our hands on the air travel
kilometers for Catherine McKenna's first
9 months in office you won't believe the
shocking number and who paid for her
carbon gilt we all know Canada's
Environment Minister Catherine McKenna
loves to travel
she loves to hop on a plane or a jet and
scoot off across the globe to lecture us
about how to live more modestly and how
to use less fossil fuels we knew she
travelled a lot but we never were able
to really pin down a real number until
now just look at this number right there
60,000 air travel kilometers and that is
in less than a year look at the date on
the top of the invoice that's 60,000 air
travel kilometers for the Minister of
Environment and climate change from the
time she took office November 4th 2015
until the end of July 2016 according to
the invoice the government provided to
us but it gets worse you see the
government likes to make reparations for
their sins but it isn't them paying for
their climate indulgences it's you not
only do Canadians foot the bill for all
this globe-trotting which is normal for
any government but now we're footing the
bill for the government's climate guilt
and remorse the only way I got my hands
on the number of air travel kilometers
for McKenna in those first three
trimesters of her tenure as climate
change Minister was because we asked the
government how much McKenna was charging
back to the taxpayer in carbon offset
credits now what our carbon offset
credits let's go right to the horse's
mouth shall we according to the Suzuki
Foundation a carbon offset is a credit
for greenhouse gas reductions achieved
by one party that can be purchased and
used to compensate or offset the
emissions of another party carbon
offsets are typically measured in tons
of co2 equivalents and are bought and
through a number of international
brokers online retailers and trading
platforms did you get that their carbon
offsets are a voluntary self-imposed
climate change fine it's
self-flagellation for one's carbon
hypocrisy feel bad about flying well you
can just pay some company who planted
trees or put up a wind turbine for their
fake currency of carbon offsets to make
yourself feel a little better it's crazy
it's fake and McKenna's guilt about her
jet set ways are not the taxpayers
problem but according to these access to
information documents that we have
McKenna charged taxpayers another four
hundred and seventy nine dollars and 22
cents over and above her travel costs to
placate her personal discomfort about
her cushy lifestyle in her sixty
thousand travel kilometers in just nine
months including when the house wasn't
sitting for winter break no getting back
to those 60,000 travel kilometers I did
a little quick math and at the rate
McKenna was globe-trotting for those
first few months we could probably get
McKenna all the way to the moon just in
time for the next election in 2019 now
that's a heck of a lot of air travel
kilometers for someone who agrees with
the United Nations that my SUV is going
to kill us all in 12 short years the
latest report from the UN I pee Sisi
says that the world only has 12 short
years to save itself from the latest
climate Armageddon too bad I'll never
see it because the hole in the ozone
already killed me twice and then I
drowned from the rising sea levels in
the last UN predicted apocalypse and
that was after we all died from acid
rain and the end of net neutrality
anyway according to CTV News in an
interview with The Canadian Press
recently Environment Minister Catherine
McKenna said she knew the IPCC report
would say were not on track to be
hitting 1.5 degrees we acknowledge this
and we all know we need to do more
that's why the Paris agreement is set up
the way it is every country in the world
needs to take action and then we need to
be
more ambitious about the action we are
willing to take yes yes of course
I bet McKenna is willing to do more to
fight climate change to travel more to
charge more carbon offsets to the
taxpayer to satiate her troubled
conscience about her carbon addicted
lifestyle I actually sent an email to
the ministry asking for climate here's
what I sent them I told them I'm working
on a story about the ministers purchase
of carbon offsets for her air travel
according to access to information
documents the Minister of Environment
and climate change charged the carbon
offsets for 60,000 kilometers in air
travel from her swearing-in in November
2015 until the end of July 2016 to
taxpayers I have three questions how
does the minister reconcile her carbon
intensive air travel kilometers with her
mandate to impose a low-carbon economy
on Canadians is it ministry policy to
purchase carbon offsets for carbon usage
or is this practice voluntary and
finally how does charging carbon offsets
to the taxpayer encourage the ministry
to use less carbon I was ignored of
course I mean why answer tough questions
from me about how you spend tax dollars
when you can just go on the CBC for a
tongue bath in a free campaign ad and as
for me when the people telling me the
world is going to end start behaving
like it just might then I might take
them a little more seriously for the
rebel da media I'm Sheila Gunn read did
you know that we have a rebel media
mobile app it's available on the Google
Play Store or the Apple App Store
download it give it a whirl you know
send us a little feedback and take the
other side of the story with you
wherever you go
you
