president Donald Trump is pretty much
dismantled the last of Barack Obama's
foreign policy disasters the United
States is out of the disastrous Iran
deal
president Trump yesterday in a very
brief only about 17 to 21 minute
statement all in with him signing that
document hold the United States out of
the Iran deal and while doing so used
about 37 different additives to describe
just how bad the deal and Iran actually
were and our president was arguably the
most presidential I've ever seen him he
was decisive
he was succinct he stayed on script he
stayed with the written words and he
made it very very clear who Iran and the
world that the United States is once
again leading from the front we are
finished with the Obama policies of
appeasement and of being played like we
were naive children by the world's bad
actors now Iran treated the Obama
administration like patsies nothing word
I wanted to use the word I wanted to use
began with Abby and ended with itches
that's uh that's all obama treated the
iran treated the obama administration
they knew that an obama and kerry they
had very weak globalist who desired to
be loved by european nations in fact
barack obama seemed to be most
comfortable when he was appeasing
nations that despised the United States
now predictably Obama John Kerry Ben
Rhodes Samantha power Susan Rice the
whole crew Hillary Clinton is out there
ranting about the pulling out of the
Iran deal these people were the people
who allowed Isis to proliferate Trump
destroyed Isis in eleven months these
morons in the Obama administration
allowed Iran to mock them Iran thumbed
its nose --is its nose collectively at
the world
enriching nuclear material uranium
plutonium for weapons production but
what's even worse in their statements
Obama and Kerry are saying things like
Israel is less safe while Bibi Netanyahu
is saying the greatest thing Donald
Trump ever did was pull out of the Iran
deal our embassy is opening in Jerusalem
I spoke to our managing editor about
that you're on the show yesterday took
any goodbyes and they're naming a park a
little Square Park a little gathering
place in Jerusalem after Donald Trump
Israel seems to be on Trump's side in
this one
Barack John Kerry or should I call you
John Heinz you only married the guy's
wife like a week after he was killed and
her living off the Heinz family money
Jesus and John Kerry is just like a guy
who has stumbled his way through life
paddy a uneventful lackluster career in
the Senate lost embarrassingly the
George W Bush in the 2004 election and
marries rich women and lives off them
he was also by the way the worst
Secretary of State the United States
ever had the guy looks like he can't put
a coherent sentence together and he's
got this pouty look on his face now that
you know the United States wasn't cut
out at the knees it wasn't brought down
through the stature of the third world
the United States is actually again like
I said leading from the front terrible
terrible people in the Obama
administration they just they truly hate
this nation now Donald Trump was very
very force and Iran of course Iran of
course Khomeini and rouhani you're
saying we're going to enrich more
uranium than ever before we're gonna
we're gonna develop those nukes now
we're gonna do whatever we want to do
well they're kind of proving our point
right because England and France and
Germany and Australia and China and
Russia are on the deal but Iran is
saying
did he'll never meant anything to us we
were gonna do it anyway now that the
u.s. is out we're gonna do it even more
we're gonna do it even harder we're
gonna do it even bigger but why would we
listen to France
the UK Germany Russia China if they
can't control Iran Iran's not just
telling the u.s. to go screw itself it's
telling all of those nations but
nobody's talking about that they're
making it seem like the u.s. is so big
and bad leaving the deal where are all
those nations telling Iran hey we're
still in the deal so Iran is basically
admitting we were always gonna cheat on
the deal how dare the u.s. call us out
on that now we're really gonna cheat
we're just gonna do it more publicly and
I and Obama and Kerry like the little
wimps they are running around basically
apologizing for the United States
they're apologizing for strength and you
know Trump laid out an impeccable case
there's an AP story in front of me I
watched the statement live I actually I
rarely do that in the middle of the day
but I was able to grab it up on my phone
and I watched it live and it was I was
looking forward to it because I started
to get information early in the morning
that he was gonna pull out we we knew he
was gonna pull out in didn't have a
choice after Netanyahu's briefing to the
world really about the hundred and five
thousand files that Israel and Israeli
intelligence had grabbed up from Iran on
Iran's nuclear ambitions on the nuclear
weapons program used to be called
Project Ahmad and now they'd hidden it
under the guise of science and medical
reason and Iran was always enriching
uranium before and plutonium for
weapons-grade materials for a
weaponization like we've spoken about on
the show several times they wanted five
warheads each with a ten kiloton TNT
yield that's equivalent to about four to
five times what the United States
dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in
World War two
the Trump said if we do nothing we know
exactly what will happen
in just a short period of time the
world's leading state sponsor of terror
will be on the cusp of acquiring the
world's most dangerous weapon now I had
done a brute segment yesterday with Ezra
LaVon who runs the rebel on this right
after President Trump's announcement and
Ezra and I were talking about things
like where else with those warheads have
been pointed well one of the reasons
that coalition partners in the Middle
East region Jordan Saudi Arabia were
nervous is that
you saw nuclear materials that were
enriched for weaponization could have
wound up in the hands of Syria they
still can in the hands of Yemen Yemen
and Saudi Arabia have always had a
volatile relationship and so Sanaa Yemen
one of the most dangerous cities in the
world advise no one travels there now
the CIA doesn't even want to send people
in the Yemen we don't even send special
operators in there unless we need to it
is a nasty dangerous place and so you've
got Yemen
you've got the instability in Syria with
all the factions fighting each other
you've got Iran that wants its Shia
Crescent through Syria they really want
to eradicate Israel
you've got Hezbollah which always
controlled Lebanon but is now picking up
seats in the Lebanese Parliament that's
going to essentially give Hezbollah not
just the facto control the approxi but
actual control via Hezbollah is elected
representatives
that all
that all fell disaster for Israel now
look hezbollah and hamas or very close
to iran iran is close to some very very
bad actors interestingly al-qaeda
zombies for affront despised in syria
had the free syrian army even factions
of isis all despised iran because iran
was going for its own territory in syria
so it's a very very complex volatile
time in that region but hezbollah and
hamas and iran a very very close and so
if they they would have benefited they
would have benefited from iran
continuing to cheat now the US president
Trump didn't take anything off the table
after he used all of those adjectives
that describe just that terrible Iran
was he he said at the end Trump that he
was open if Iran is willing to come back
to the table and act logically and
responsibly he was open but let's talk
about a couple of the things Trump did
but I thought were diplomatically
brilliant and strategically brilliant he
spoke directly to the Iranian people and
that's what has many on the left
hysterical the they were gonna jump in
thinking they were the intelligencia
elite and say doesn't understand see
Trump was lumping the Iranians in with
the mullahs the Iranian people he
doesn't understand that the people in
Iran or by and large for a secular but
the Muslim hardliners clamped down on
them by force but he does understand
that I don't Trump's a guy in his early
70s he remembers the days of the Shah I
was a little kid but I remember the
islamic resolution revolution i was a
little kid but I do remember s Elaine
was very cheap before that we had a
great relationship with the Shah now
people my age we're little kids but they
remember that life was better the
remember life was better their parents
the baby boomers remember life was
pretty damn good under the Shah
these people are only in their 70s in
their sixties the kids are in their late
30s 40s and 50s they don't they don't
want any part any part of the mullahs of
Khomeini of irani they would love a free
Iran but Trump speaking directly to them
was strategically brilliant now
was another little nuance if you watched
the press conference I don't know if you
caught it
when Trump left the room the cameras
swung they held for about a second or
two and standing in the doorway were
vice president Mike Pence and national
security adviser John Bolton very
important Trump was saying we're a
unified team Bolton is my guy he's here
he was part of this this is a new day
there's a new sheriff in town with a new
bunch of deputies bad guys in the world
aren't getting away with anything that
was very telling and lastly he ended
president from ended the speech by
talking about like Thursday Mike Pompeo
being on a plane in North Korea this
speech was every bit as much a message
to North Korea that if you enter a deal
with the United States and you cheat
there will be consequences and of course
Trump said he was immediately placing
sanctions back on Iran they were gonna
be some of the toughest most restrictive
ever but that was a clear a loud and
clear message to North Korea while
Pompeo was in the air flying there that
if you want to work with us want to cut
deals of the United States you better
keep to them is if you don't there are
going to be draconian prices to pay for
crossing us and I thought it was an
outstanding speech of course Barack
Obama and John Kerry both issued these
moronic statements I'm gonna read those
statements to you today on my longer
show off-the-cuff Declassified right
here on the Remmel it's really important
content we discuss every day I want to
bring it to you every day help you do
that
subscribe to our premium service at WWWE
a forward slash shows go to the App
Store download the great rebel app and
go to fire Scott Israel com find our
petition to have Broward County Sheriff
that incompetent horrible guy removed
from office by Florida Governor Rick
Scott as always thanks so much for
watching I'll see you tomorrow
