Joshua M Ferguson's year-long battle
with the provincial government prompted
a policy change that now allows people
to choose between M for male F for
female and X for non-binary designation
on their birth certificate I won't go on
further but let me just read to you the
caption under the photo of this man
dressing as a woman because this is my
favorite part of this crazy story
Joshua M Ferguson received Ontario's
first non-binary birth certificate this
is their battle with Ontario's
government led to a policy change they
say has practical and symbolic benefits
for transgender people did you see that
it's a guy dressed as a gal but they're
not saying he or she they're saying they
their battle that's that's the third
person plural as if he's a multitude
their battle they say and I actually
think that is the craziest part of the
story joining me now to talk about this
and other related shenanigans is our
friend Barbara Kay a columnist with the
National Post probably great to see you
again hi Ezra you know it's just not
scientific to say X is a sex you can you
know gender is one of those made-up
words there are six genders according to
the Ontario sex ed curriculum there are
what 23 or 53 genders on Facebook
according to Mark Zuckerberg but
scientists science and there are only
two sexes they isn't one of them
absolutely this gender is a theory it's
a made-up theory there's there's no
scientific basis for no evidence but you
know when you're a progressive facts and
statistics and evidence and this is
stuff that you just make up as you go
along because if the theory is right
then you find the facts that you want to
fit them so this idea that there that
that official government policy should
be going along with this idiotic idea
that your sex is something that can be
that you choose to put on your births
ticket or that there is such a thing as
non-binary that really is crazy there is
no such thing as non-binary that's a
totally made-up thing and the pronoun
they is is something that I would really
find it very difficult to use
for anything but a plural meaning to
people of course so the government is
nuts to go along with this because
they're gonna get themselves into a
whole a whole pile of trouble with it
later on
don't be sorry they did this that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levante show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
