so what did this MP want with him well
let me read some more
I mean Christine Morris says the the
Canadian military is a hotbed of sexual
harassment right I mean look at this
headline in the star also MP Christine
Moore faced military harassment
firsthand so everywhere this woman goes
she is so unlucky in love isn't she
people sure take advantage of her a lot
anyways back to this soldier who gave
emotional testimony and then Christine
Moore came over and gave her him her
business card
I said hey come back to my office let me
read the rest okay this is the last I'm
gonna read from the story Kirkland says
when he arrived at Moore's office she
offered him Ginny and persisted even
after he told her he was taking
antidepressants and painkillers and was
not supposed to be drinking she's a
nurse he says and I thought I was I
suppose
if she's a nurse and says it's okay it
is there were a few more drinks and it
became clear Moore's intentions went
beyond a professional interest in this
case that night he says she followed him
back to his hotel where he says she
spent the night
look I'm not crying rape says Kirkland
who is now a realtor in Brandon I don't
like to think of myself as a survivor I
prefer thriver but what she did was
inappropriate was I a willing
participant I guess it depends on your
definition of willing there was a power
imbalance there was a level of authority
there I'm sorry that's a predator I
really think the analogy would be if a
female rape victim gave emotional
testimony to Parliament and then a male
MP invited her over to his office
applied her with drinks and then
followed her back to her hotel and had
sex with her then I think that really is
the analogy here how many times has this
Member of Parliament Christine Moore
done this well I asked her in an email
I'll let you know if she ever asks ever
answers me oh by the way here's
Steen more with her baby look at that
that's a lovely Huffington Post headline
I mean she's just the toast of the town
Christine more and her daughter have
made Parliament a better place for
families do you think that's true do you
think she's made Parliament Hill a
better place for families or is she
actually a bit of a female version of
Machine Ghomeshi a female version of
Eric Schneiderman except she doesn't hit
anyone with her fists she has sex with
them and sometimes after cries sexual
assault and it just keeps on happening
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Azrael avance show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
