so it looks like Sadiq Khan wants to go
head-to-head with Donald Trump on
diversity in London this will not go
well for Sadiq Khan so an article in the
Sun that I saw today can we talk Sadiq
Khan wants a showdown with Donald Trump
after his war zone attacks on London
after spate of stabbings no it is funny
that Sadiq Khan has got the gumption to
actually suggest he has some kind of
showdown with Trump on diversity I mean
he's gonna get ruined Sadiq Khan can't
even face up to pierce Morgan and that
miserable looking woman who's always sat
next to him you know how I'm talking
about you know he can't even face up to
those guys Piers Morgan don't really
like the guy but he's right when he asks
what are you hiding from why is it that
the the Mayor of London will not come
forward and talk about these stabbings
and how he's not really let's face it
doing anything to stop it but he thinks
he can take on Donald Trump really so
there's an article here from the Evening
Standard Sadiq Khan I'd be more than
happy to meet Donald Trump and show him
how diverse London is let's have a watch
of this well he's asked to meet me but
if he does of course I would meet with
him if he asked to meet with me and what
would you like termina cos NSA I mean it
is about the profile of the city isn't
it there's an international thing and he
talks quite regularly about London would
it be useful when he comes for you to be
able to meet him and show him around
sure I suspect Sadiq Khan will take him
round Whitechapel in the showroom how
wonderfully diverse that place is I meet
regularly Americans including business
and men and women and those who invest
in our city are including this weekend
up is it just me or is the American
accent rubbing off him city city who
says city city I met those who invested
in our city I personally see city city
what is that burning mind some of the
things that President Trump has said
about diversity about those who follow
my faith about London would be more than
happy to me with President Trump to show
him how diverse we are as a city oh
don't worry Sadiq Khan he's going to see
how diverse you are as a city when all
your mobs go out on the street and start
bothering and attacking people because
the leader of the free worlds turned up
you know that the fact that Sadiq Khan
can suggest at one I can have this
friendly meeting with Trump and we can
show you how wonderfully diverse our
city is does he think that always
diverse followers and mobs are gonna be
friendly to trump and welcoming it
welcomed him in and give him a cup of
tea what's the city can't think is gonna
happen here the guys two faces he'll one
minute he's suggesting that people get
out on the streets and riot which he did
in a very backhanded way that he covered
him in case he was ever accused of this
but let's be honest when he says when
London has a great history of protest
and we've achieved a lot through
protests internet you know what city
can't say he's telling people go out and
protest this maniac and then he's got
the gumption the temerity to say oh well
you know you could sit down we can talk
to him show him how wonderfully diverse
this place is by the way chumps never
talked about diversity I can't remember
a single time when Trump has talked
about diversity he's talked about
Mexicans coming over the border
illegally and committing crime true
that's not a comment on diversity he's
talked about Muslim terror attacks true
but that's not a comment on diversity I
don't think I've ever heard Trump talk
negatively about diversity this is a guy
who's done more for women and black
employees than pretty much happy
employer in New York City and maybe even
New York State so I mean this this is
just one huge straw man by Sadiq Khan
and how that is a strength as possible
to be a Londoner a westerner and a
Muslim how they're not mutually
incompatible having Western values and
having Islamic by his broader Western
values and Islamic values are not
mutually incompatible whereas he said it
actually neatly incompatible what does
that mean
Islamic values and Western values go
together
it's funny that because one of those
proposes man-made law one of them
proposes God made law one of those
values suggests freedom for women
another one of those values suggests
that women should either be kept at home
or go out in the searing heat in a black
bin bag someone's confused but I think
the point to President Trump in
respectful way
but actually I think those who are our
closest allies and those with whom we
have a special relationship and those
who are our dear friends I don't think
should be amplifying messages of hate by
retweeting for example tweets from
Britain first Oh get over it I'm not
exactly a big fan of those lot but those
tweets were real weren't they and those
videos had a real message
maybe talk about the content of the
tweets rather than who tweeted them no
point out in respectful courteous manner
a respectful courteous manner from Sadiq
Khan but America has a rich history of
being pure allistic of being tolerant
but also of being a beacon of liberalism
but also of human rights and and those
sorts of values that we hold dear in
London the gumption like this and the
stupidity actually of this man this man
who thinks that he can take on the
leader of the free world who by the way
is is basing his policies on popular
opinion on the opinion of normal people
the kind of people that Sadiq Khan will
never meet because the only people he
bothers to meet or bothers to even think
about are those living in the
Westminster bubble who seem to think
that everything is fine they can't see
past the m1 they can't see outside of
London they've got no idea what's going
on in Rotherham and in Lancashire and in
Burnley you know they don't give a crap
Trump understands those people more than
anyone and Sadiq Khan you know what if
you want to go head-to-head with Trump
on diversity do it please please do it
and please do it on stage or get a live
feed in there or a camera or something
because I mean I almost feel like it
would be bullying to see how Sadiq Khan
gets shut down so much by Trump but I
suspect as much as I would love to see
that happen
I suspect that Donald Trump has far
better things to do than meet you the
smarmy aspire of London we've ever known
catch up with all the rebel stories on
our brand-new app which you can download
now from the Google Play Store and the
Apple App Store
you
