what is it with Democrats and freaky
violent sexual perversions that get them
kicked out of office or make them lose
their jobs well the most recent Democrat
to go down in a disgraceful ball of fire
is none other than New York State
Attorney General Eric Schneiderman now
this is the guy who had been cooperating
with Robert Muller to try to take down
team Trump out of some political
grievance because of course the
President of the United States can't
pardon 8-level crime so Muller was
sharing information with this disgusting
pervert you try to take out team Trump
good Muller's federal investigation
failed if you haven't seen the news on
Schneiderman that broke late yesterday
he was forced to resign in disgrace
after four women accused him of beating
them typically during sex and after he
was drunk one of the women who was a bit
darker skinned has a longtime mistress
said he forced her to call him master
and he would call her his brown slave
and she had to tell him she was his
property if she didn't do it he would
beat her pretty severely choking her
until he cut off her airway other women
said that he'd merely hit on them and
when they rejected his advances he
smacked them so hard in the face with an
open hand that they had a welt for days
this guy was the Attorney General of New
York State living out and he still is
until close of business today living out
these perverse sexual fantasies by
beating women by beating women this The
New Yorker broke the story and here are
some of the excerpts from her let me
find it for exotic lows something on my
screen there now this guy remember
Eric Schneiderman big liberal champion
of the hashtag me too movement while
he's beating women without their consent
these women are just their stories are
horrific now Nider men issued a very
unbelievable statement let's put it that
way Kim me I don't believe this for a
second he said quote in the privacy of
intimate relationships I have engaged in
role-playing and other consensual sexual
activity
I have not assaulted anyone I have never
engaged in non-consensual sex which is a
line I would not cross and the women
aren't aren't alleging that he raped
them no they're saying that he would
become more sexually aroused if he beat
them without their consent and and their
stories are here he hears one woman
excuses after about four weeks a woman
named Manning bearish that she began to
see signs of controlling and abusive
behavior soon after she started dating
Nider men he had her remove a tattoo
from her wrist he was she said he was
trying to control her by quote taking a
strong woman and tearing her to pieces
in his jam after they became physically
involved that jewel I guess he became
violent she says one night they were in
the bedroom of his Upper West Side
apartment still clothed but getting
ready for bed and lightly beating each
other flirting as she recalls that he
then called her a whore she talked back
they had both been drinking a
recollection of the conversation she
says is blurry but what happened next
remains vivid night Ehrman she says
backed her up to the edge of his bed and
all of a sudden just slapped her is her
quotes all of a sudden he just slapped
me open handed with great force across
the face landing a blow directly onto my
ear it was horrendous it just came out
of nowhere my ear was ringing I lost my
balance and fell backward onto the bed I
sprang up but at this point there was
very little room between the bed and him
I got up to try to shove him back or
take a swing he pushed me back down he
then used his body weight to hold me
down and began to choke me the choking
was very hard it was really bad I kicked
in every fiber I felt that was being
beaten by a man
that she was crying and in shock now her
stories uh mirror those of the three
other women
the novelist Salman Rushdie who also
dated this same woman before
Schneiderman did and they remain close
friends says that she confided this to
him and the version she's telling today
uh comports with the version she told
him when it happened so it's a
believable story these women are not
alleging that they were sexually abused
they're not out there looking for money
these are all established women in their
own right
this woman Manning bearish very
successful the other woman who was
forced to call him master Harvard
Graduate so these are not uh women
looking for a payday they do fine in
their own right these allegations are
coming from some very credible from some
very credible sources now this woman
Manning bearish said she sought medical
help from dr. Gwen her oven and here
nose and throat specialist and she
shared her medical records with the New
Yorker the medical records confirm that
the doctor removed dried bloody crust
pretty bad visual from her ear and she
thought the slap might've caused the
injury but when Korriban asked her would
happen he said she might have injured
herself with a q-tip the woman batting
bearish claims she was protecting night
Herman and she was ashamed
korban was asked the doctor was asked by
the New Yorker if the injury could have
been caused by a slap and she said yes
it could have been consistent with a
slap with a q-tip or a slap and so
inconclusive
but the account of the event I was tell
you timeline is everything in an
investigation the account of the event
the date of the event when Schneiderman
supposedly physically abused this woman
in relation to when she went to the
doctor and there were signs of a recent
injury in her ear from an evidentiary
perspective support her claim and it
wouldn't be the first woman who lied to
a doctor lied to police because they
were ashamed about being assaulted or
they were afraid of the perpetrator and
they wanted to protect him believe me
wouldn't be the first might be the last
it's more common than the victims who
initially come forward in many respects
especially when the guy is very powerful
now that's the bigger problem here
you've got an incredibly powerful person
in the Attorney General or Attorney
General of New York from end as'
relationships around the country
politically no all the Wall Street power
brokers who don't want to get on their
bad side these women were terrified
these women were horrified and and the
stories go on and on and on I mean this
guy was a serial sadistic physical
abuser still is what a bad guy I mean
what a terrible terrible guy now this is
um Eric Schneiderman is just one in a
long list of political scandals in New
York the New York Times did a story the
many faces of New York political
scandals and going back a decade over 30
30 a current or former state office
holders in New York have been convicted
of crimes sanctioned or otherwise de
cused of wrongdoing
put thirty of them up there of the 30 25
are Democrat 25 are Democrat no this
tells me hominy Hall is alive and well
in New York but this Schneiderman case
is particularly bad in light of all of
these other allegations that I'm going
to tell you all about and in light of
the fact that neither Minh was
cooperating with robert muller earlier
insegment was corrupt cooperating with
robert muller to try to bring down
members of team Trump in a way that
would be impervious to federal pardon a
presidential pardon and I'm gonna tell
you all about that on my longer show
off-the-cuff Declassified today right
here on the rebel this is really really
important subject matter when we have
corrupt officials who physically abuse
women and then hide behind the power of
their office these are stories we have
to do every day and I'm gonna dig in
very very deep after the mainstream
media moves on from this we're always
gonna bring you the updates on this case
I want to be able to do that every day
so subscribe to our premium service that
WWWE dia forward slash shows
