hello and welcome back to no bullshit
today we're talking about rebel media
the right-wing political commentary site
that's based in wait for it good ol
maple syrup drinking Canada
I swear half of my bullshit stories come
out of there let's see there was
lactation the eight-year-old drag queen
who was from Montreal the why became a
Muslim girl and vegan gains were both
from Toronto I still haven't found out
where that city is but apparently it's
somewhere in oak Canada there's also
that horrible and racist YouTube
comedian Lilly Singh aka superwoman
she's from there too but listen I can
make a whole video about Canada's
bullshit I'm looking at you Trudeau but
let's not get too sidetracked today
we're talking about the recent exodus of
reporters and commentators from rebel
media when Lauren southern left earlier
this year I knew something was up there
she was one of their best and brightest
reporters and she up and left out of
nowhere with very little explanation and
many others have left since then
including rebels co-founder Bryan Lilly
following the disagreement in the way
rebel was covering the recent
Charlottesville riots Lilly was quoted
as saying this about why he left what
the rebel suffers from is a lack of
editorial and behavioral judgment that
if left unchecked will destroy it and
those around it for that reason I'm
leaving looks like rebel is really
losing its way even Gavin McGinnis is
rumored to be leaving this month and
he's pretty much the only reason I still
watch that channel but the story doesn't
end there there's been a bombshell
exposed type video dropped on rebel
media coming from one of their former
reporters Kalyn Robertson who spells his
first name really weird his video is
called why I left rebel media kind of
sounds like those why I left BuzzFeed
videos I hope it's a little more
interesting let's check it out two weeks
ago I actually left the rebel media but
what you definitely don't know is that
Ezra then flew to the UK to offer
$20,000 to make sure that this ferry
video would not get made at the time I
wasn't sure why not he was flying all
the way around the world all in one day
armed with non-disclosure agreements and
prepared to pay a huge chunk of what he
calls hush money and there is the hush
money shop side which was
Ellucian seven and the other is sort of
the honey Wow these are some pretty
heavy accusations coming from Caitlin
albeit a bit dramatic I think there's
also the possibility that these audio
clips of ezra the leader of rebel they
might have been taken out of context but
it does seem pretty damn bad taken at
face value
then again hush money isn't really
always inherently bad companies give
people severance pay all the time people
sign non-disclosure agreements all the
time too so I think there's also a big
possibility that Caitlin is over blowing
this whole thing for attention and views
but then again we do have hordes of
people leaving rebel for various reasons
I think we can at least say that there's
something going wrong over there
something's rotten in the state of
Ontario or Quebec I'm not sure which
Canadian state they're in but those are
the only two I know personally I think
it's because we both knew too much
growing southern jack is so that we had
a differences but you'll notice
addicting positive synthetic why would
Lauren fiber you see no smoking on
eating it and breathe into the night
I feel like ahead of your hand and lawn
bowling and fucking jacket there is no
such assuming that really is as real the
leader of rebel media I think we could
easily say that this guy is dealt with
this kind of thing before he talks about
having a hand in Lauren southern and
Jack Pease leaving the company it really
seems like Ezra is a tough guy to work
with perhaps he's even as unethical as
Caitlyn and others are claiming like
this part here check out where Caitlyn
starts talking about Ezra's hot temper
the rebel commander has a habit of
flying off the handle after speaking to
employees at the rebel live event in
Canada I went to it actually became
pretty clear that these attacks were
nothing compared to what actually goes
on at the rebel office questioning the
rebels ethical decisions run you the
risk of being on the receiving end of
his legendary temper next we got an
interesting perspective on why Lauren
southern really left rebel media now to
remember that Israel trip that rebel
crowdfunded for the one that took place
at the same time that Lauren southern
went independent it's not a coincidence
it actually turns out that rebel crowd
funded more than enough money to cover
the costs of that trip and yet they
still demanded she make video asking for
more of course Lauren refused and after
concerns about the ethics of lying for
the money that they didn't need she was
unceremoniously fired and threatened
with legal action if she ever spoke out
about it looks like rebel is dabbling in
some pretty shady crowdfunding practices
which is nothing new for people that use
that sort of thing people on Kickstarter
and GoFundMe get in trouble with this
shit all the time
maybe rebels taking their go at it but
that's not even the worst of it looks
like they're also keen on getting
people's emails so they can use them to
contact and drain more money from their
viewers directly and how did they get
their emails you might ask well rebel
media likes to start countless petitions
that require emails to sign up here's a
funny little compilation from Caitlyn's
video that he put together of all the
times they asked for petitions to sign
our petition and chip in 10 20 50 bucks
to sign our petition I've set up a
petition sign our petition you go to
firebomb dot da sign our petition to
sign the petition sign a petition L and
sign your name right now we've started a
petition
I've set up a petition sign our petition
please sign our petition we're launching
a petition sign a petition geez dude
enough with the petition pushing this
really seems scammy to me since you know
petitions don't ever really do shit
looks like rebel is pretending to be
political activists in order to get
people to contact emails and beg for
more money off them not the worst thing
in the world but definitely lowbrow and
definitely beneath the company that
claims to be news reporters now there's
a few more claims and kaylynn's videos
so go ahead and check it all out
yourself I linked it below the one thing
I will say is he does seem a little
sensational a little dramatic I mean is
he really surprised media companies want
to make money one ran by a Jew no less
come on bro we can recognize rebels
shitty practices while also considering
the fact that this is a for-profit
business I think this kid is a bit of a
wide-eyed naive millennial if he thinks
journalists and media companies should
work for free
and I also think part of his shock comes
from not admitting this next let's take
a look at rebels response to Caitlyn
Ezra Levant himself recorded and
released his response here almost
immediately I think that in itself says
a little something about the seriousness
of this situation let's give them a
chance let's see what Ezra has to say
I'm being blackmailed I'm being extorted
that's what's happening I thought I
could make the problem go away so I
actually paid and then I paid again but
then they threatened again last night
actual
and then again this morning so I haven't
slept so I called my lawyers this
morning and I decided I'm done I'm going
to do what I should have done a few
weeks ago just pull the trigger on
myself on my own terms that's the only
thing it takes that power away from an
extortionist so we got this poor little
millionaire Jew playing the victim here
pretty fucking pathetic guy I mean I'm
trying to hear the guy out but he really
just seems to be so shifty and sketchy
and I'm not just saying that cuz it's a
Jewish thing he's acting that way and
note how he brings up his lawyers Ezard
likes to brag about his wealth and his
connections and his big team of lawyers
a lot
NextEra talks about hiring Kalyan with
some interesting caveats and the next
day Pollan said to us and he was fired
from his full-time job because he
appeared in that video with Tommy okay
well I mean I felt bad for him names
being helpful to us so I immediately
hired him full-time no background check
no interview just did write that in
there here's where he tries to distance
himself from Caitlin saying he hired him
on the spot with no background check is
kind of a way for Ezra to minimize the
blame he should be taking here for
hiring someone without experience or
proper vetting I'm not really buying
this excuse though I would say that
blame is still on you as Roo and George
was unemployed too so we hired him to
full-time right then and there George
and Kailyn are a couple I soon learned
but I don't care about stuff like that
right you don't care that they're a gay
couple yet you just awkwardly mention it
here for no reason at all well I know
your reason you want a signal to your
alright fanbase that these guys are gay
that makes them terrible people nice try
bro but you're not sneaking that past me
maybe they need some help so I gave them
1,800 pounds for for rent money for that
first month when you need both rent and
a deposit but then Kalin took that money
and went on a luxury vacation instead of
paying the rent I couldn't believe it
they were literally homeless so I I gave
them another thirty five hundred pounds
this time for rent and for furniture and
I gave it through another friend I
trusted so they didn't steal at this
time again Ezra
dude this makes you look bad not them
why the hell do you keep giving them
money if they supposedly squandered it
over and over and I'm really not buying
you being this generous gift giving kind
of guy you really strike me as a greedy
penny pitching kind of guy so we got
strict here about expenses but things
fell apart I mean sometimes they'd have
some wouldn't leave their apartment
bedroom to go to work Tommy missed an
important interview because of that they
were doing side projects instead of our
work
they were moonlighting for a political
candidate that we were covering it was
just too crazy so I sent an old trusted
friend over to the UK to meet with them
face to face to say goodbye
funny how Cailin just accused as Reyes
Quan during the money he was given for
charities so now he's accusing them of
squandering money he gave that
projecting much also Ezra wants us to
know he has a trusted friend that he's
known for a long time oh and lots of
lawyers as there's a really important
guy with lots of money guys just in case
you didn't notice and then when I got a
copy of the signed severance deal sent
to me from the UK it was even more than
was agreed to look at those handwritten
additions and then they phoned us up
asking for even more once it was signed
it was nuts by by now they were
demanding more than six months severance
for just a few months work remember
they're a couple so really more than a
year's pay don't forget they were a gay
couple just saying so I called up my old
friend and he told me what was really
going on lesson for severance it was to
pay these two off to pay them a
shakedown we get it Azra you want us to
think you had old friends so we don't
think you're an asshole oh and you're a
charitable giver away of lots and lots
of money or pounds whatever pounds are
that's Ezra's main points here and I'm
not really fucking buying it I mean
everyone knows where the money we raise
goes it goes to hire a lawyer for
Chelsea to fight against the police who
wouldn't charge her rapist here's that
lawyer right there it goes to another
lawyer for John Fletcher the man who had
the don't support terror shop at
Fletcher's you know that the shopping
Fletcher's at sign on his shop use that
lawyer lots of lawyers went to Tommy
Robinson's lawyer to keep him out of
jail
I don't know Ezra you guys do seem to
hire a lot of lawyers Jews hiring more
Jews I guess it's kind of nepotistic not
surprising though but maybe rail media
needs to stop doing shit that requires
them to get lawyers all the time maybe
that's the solution that's where the
money is caught and our Terms of Service
on our website are clear any surplus
money is applied to other similar
campaigns or related expenses that's our
whole business model it's not a secret
that's our that's a model so it's not a
secret but you are getting money for the
company beyond what you're supposed
charity goals are they
basically it sounds like your business
model is to start lots of charities and
hope you get more than the goal so you
can make money off of it and sure maybe
you're being transparent about that but
but still sounds shady as fuck to me it
sounds like you're just starting
charities and hopes to make money off
the top you start with the noble cause
supposedly but then it turns selfish
just like how you start all those
bullshit petitions to supposedly help a
cause but then in the end you're keeping
people's emails and being selfish about
it well I got on a plane and I flew to
London to meet with them to meet with
Tommy and George Lola and John who was
speaking on behalf of himself and his
boyfriend Kalin gay couple reference
number three so I'm sorry I paid it
again I actually paid this here's the
contract I personally took the Mutai to
pay them off I put in some money and
Tommy put in some money and we got them
to sign a contract here's the thing
Hazra you want to try to pay them off so
many times if they didn't have dirt on
you you say you want to avoid being
accused just to be safe but I'm not
buying that shit either some shady shit
is going on at rebel media I'm pretty
sure of it I'm sure because I can see
the fear and Ezra's face here during
this video and you pay these guys off
multiple times and he still looks scared
as shit plus not once in this 12 minute
video did Ezra actually come out and
admit what he did wrong to get
blackmailed in the first place I mean
that's how he framed this video up in
the beginning he said he was going to
put the information out there himself so
that he can no longer be blackmailed
from it but after all that he really
didn't he didn't admit anything in the
end people wouldn't be leaving rebel
media and droves if there weren't
problems there
if they were happy well-paid and not
noticing unethical shit like skimming
from charities people would stay working
there this turnover of popular reporters
there is very troubling it very telling
my opinion more southern and Gavin
McInnes were the only good things going
on at rebel media and now that they're
gone I could give two shits about what
happens to that Canadian shithole what
do you guys think is Kalin telling the
truth about being offered hush money is
rebel media desperate enough for money
that they're skimming off the top of
their charities they did have to cancel
that big boat trip they may schedule due
to lack of money which was a weird cash
grabbing kind of thing if you ask me do
you guys really trust Ezra Levant here
comment below and thanks for watching no
bullshit see y'all next time and in
light of the new troubling developments
I highly suggest you guys join and
follow my backup accounts since the
possibility of YouTube shutting me down
is higher
now than ever right now my patreon page
is my official backup page and you can
follow me on Twitter for updates I know
the patreon cost $1 a month but it's
really the only way we can stay
independent here on the channel free
from Google's tyrannical reign please
consider joining their if you want to
make sure this show stays afloat in the
future thanks again for watching no
bullshit
yeah one more thing I want to give a
special thanks to these amazing patreon
supporters you guys are the best
you guys went above and beyond the rest
and I love you so much for if anyone
else wants to donate or join our patreon
crew link in the description thanks
again I want you to go to refugee paws
dot CA right now and sign our petition I
say we start a petition and sign a
petition to sign our petition it will
you sign my petition sign our petition
sign our petition and we're asking you
to sign it you to sign that petition
it's more than 10,000 our burdens of
signed our petition already we're well
on our way to our goal of 100,000 sign
our petition and sign our petition sign
our petition they can't stop us
