and now Jason Kenny he who said he
deeply believes in the grass roots
policy process he says he refuses to be
bound by this resolution here's some of
his quote to the mainstream media from
this weekend according from the imogen
from the Calgary Herald here he said I
do say we don't believe and we will not
ever take the position that there should
be mandatory notification they don't
have to when joining the Press Club so
why should they do it joining a GSA that
stands for a Gay Straight Alliance well
because the Press Club is not
controversial or personal it is academic
or scholarly it does not go to a child's
faith or a family's customs or values or
beliefs that's that's why but here's how
candy ended it and I'm quoting from dawn
braids article in The Herald here and
that's okay Kenny argued because quote
guess what I'm the leader and I get to
interpret the resolution and its
relevance to party policy and he added I
hold the pen when it comes to the party
platform oh oh I thought I thought the
party members did I thought that
specifically how Jason Kenney campaign
for leader I thought that's what that
video we watched of him saying was about
well by the way when you googled Jason
Kenny's grass roots guarantee now do you
see it you see it right at the top there
number one result on Google when you
type in Jason Kenney grass roots
guarantee see it right at the top there
now click on it click on that link there
huh this is much again page cannot be
found Jason Kenney deleted that from his
web page the page that quoted to you
before when I was reading from it is a
Google cache of the version that he
forgot to delete the Google hash for in
a version or didn't know how look if if
you don't know let me be clear I want
both Doug Ford and Jason Kenney to win
Kathleen Wynne and Rachel Notley are
disasters for their provinces but I
don't want 14 Kenny to win for personal
reasons because I may like them or not I
I want them to win to stop awful things
being done in the government to our
people and by the way marginalizing
parents who are concerned about their
kids who are concerned about the
proliferation of Muslim extremists
in the form of niqab zazz tani Granick
allen is or who are concerned that
radical sex ad is being taught to their
littlest kids five-year-olds you saw the
videos or who are concerned that
activist teachers are talking to them
about crazy things that is not
controversial that's normal
parental instinct Doug Ford and Jason
Kenney are more afraid of the CBC than
they are of real parents that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levante show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
