is Rudy Guiliani the best or worst thing
to ever happen at Donald Trump's legal
team we'll discuss
well after last night's interview with
Sean Hannity I don't know whether the
thing Rudy Giuliani is an absolute legal
genius or he's losing his mind but some
of the things he said now I worked for
Rudy Giuliani in the 1990s in the New
York City Police Department the man was
a genius then and I have no reason to
doubt he still is none whatsoever but
some of the things he said to Sean
Hannity on Fox News last night on what
I'll call an earth-shattering interview
are leaving many of us very very
intrigued and more than a few about
scratching our heads at what Giuliani's
endgame really is now if you haven't
seen the interview you haven't seen the
headlines on it today
Giuliani admitted on live tell well I
guess recorded a couple of hours
television in Hannity's case let's call
it national international day that
President Trump did in fact reimburse
Michael Cohen for the hundred and thirty
thousand dollar hush money payment who
dormi daniels the porn star stripper
who's alleging that Donald Trump had an
extramarital affair with her now what
Giuliani said to Sean Hannity was that
Michael Cohen like many other lawyers
now paraphrase Michael calling like many
other lawyers advanced money to settle a
problem for a very wealthy and powerful
client I've got several stories in front
me I'll read you the quotes now that is
not uncommon
Giuliani went on to say and I want to
find his quote for you that there was
nothing illegal about it here's what
Giuliani said well is it the
reimbursement to Cohen and Cohen's
payment to stormy Daniels Giuliani said
to Sean Hannity quote is going to turn
out to be perfectly legal that money was
not campaign money sorry I'm giving you
a fact that you'd now that you don't
know
it's not campaign money no campaign
finance violations Sean Hannity said
they funded it through the law for they
funneled it through the law firm
Giuliani barreled on funneled through
the law firm and then the president
repaid it and Hannity was kind of taken
aback he said oh I didn't know he did
and then Giuliani double down and said
but it's not illegal now if it happened
the way Giuliani said he's a hundred
percent correct it doesn't matter how
sensational it is it doesn't matter what
the mainstream media wants you to
believe it doesn't matter how hysterical
Democrats get it is perfectly legal for
an attorney to settle a matter to
advance the funds and then the client
personally or through their corporation
reimburse their attorney perfectly legal
there is no reason to believe that this
was some kind of in-kind campaign
payment and this is what the left and
the mainstream media are trying to trip
you up on and the reason they're doing
that is clear and I'll tell you in a
moment you're trying to make you believe
that multi-billionaire Donald Trump
dipped in the campaign funds to repay
Michael Cohen rather than use his own
money or money from the Trump
Organization that's asinine that's
ludicrous I don't believe for a second
that happened the reason they want you
to believe that the reason they're
pushing this narrative is because
Hillary Clinton did exactly that to pay
Fuzion GPS she hid campaign money
through her law firm
Perkins koey hoop a fusion GPS to avoid
a paper trail Donald Trump wouldn't have
had to have done that he has the money
so Hillary Clinton the Clintons don't
spend a dime they only take money Donald
Trump if he paid Michael Cohen
personally or through the Trump
Organization broke no law did nothing
wrong is it a moral issue the some
evangelical voters maybe but is it an
ethical or legal issue know a lawyer
settled that a case the client
reimbursed a lawyer for settling out the
case it's probably happened three
hundred times as you're watching this
segment around
country probably he's happened thousands
of times around the world as you're
watching this segment it's called lawyer
Inc it's called the attorney-client
relationship that's what lawyers do it's
ethical it's legal it's permissible only
the American left and the mainstream
media are trying to make an issue of
this and they want to make an issue of
this does they want to drive Donald
Trump in front of Robert Muller
they want an impeachment rap they want a
perjury trap they cannot let this
president succeed they cannot allow this
president to have a successful two terms
in office they cannot allow Donald Trump
to prove that the establishment in both
parties it's functionally broken and
works against the agenda of the American
people Giuliani though oh let's just say
he's you went some places I wouldn't
have gone he called Jared Kushner
disposable how did he asked Giuliani
what might have happened if Jared
Kushner becomes a target of any criminal
investigation in Giuliani said about
Kushner well he's a fine man quote a
fine man you know that but men are
disposable but a fine woman like Ivanka
come on so that part of me is like wait
a second Rudy I mean what is he implying
there now I've long believed that one of
Muller one of the Department of
Justice's the deep Staters but within
the DOJ one of their targets has always
been Jared Kushner I do believe that
however Michael Caputo former aide to
President Trump he came on advisor
President Trump during the campaign not
during the presidency but during the
campaign and advisor then candidate
Trump came on the campaign after the New
York State Republican primary and
Michael Caputo has been put through the
wringer he's talking he's speaking out
about his interview with Muller so they
were professional but it was a horrible
horrible experience he does not believe
any longer that Muller is a fair and
impartial actor Michael Caputo also
lashed out at Senate Intelligence
Committee for putting him and his family
through that pretty much bankrupting
I always tell you on the show hundreds
of thousands of dollars in legal fees
and Caputo that he does not think the
president should sit down for an
interview with Muller's team but he also
said that Muller's team asked him very
specific questions related to Russia
collusion gusoff or 2.0 WikiLeaks that
at no time except to frame the context
of one question did they mention Donald
Trump and at no time whatsoever did they
mention anyone with the Trump name or
related to Trump including Jared Kushner
caputo is very specific on that so it
makes you wonder then what is Muller
looking for we know there was no
collusion between the Trump campaign in
Russia and appears that Muller's team is
reaching with these emails I don't know
and I and I Jenny I'd love to come on
air and I know bring you my experiences
and I and I give you answers and
solutions I've been honest with you I
really don't know Giuliani strategy here
I don't know his endgame that Giuliani
walked back his comments a little bit
because there's a lot of uproar so
Giuliani then told Hannity that Trump
repaid Cohen for the hundred and thirty
thousand dollar advance and makes stormy
Daniels go away now I tell you all the
time I don't mind that I don't mind that
lawyers do that all the time you got a
busy wealthy client plus a lot more
money to fight a lawsuit than it does to
settle for 130 grand but Giuliani said
is that Trump repaved Cohen quote over
several months by putting him on a
retainer of thirty five thousand dollars
when he was doing really no work for the
president Giuliani said quote I said
that's how he's repaying it with a
little profit and a little margin for
paying taxes
this story has many many tentacles many
many tentacles and while we're gonna get
into all of them I want to bring you all
of the information on this story that's
readily available we'll analyze it piece
by piece on my longer show off-the-cuff
Declassified later today right here on
the rebel it's a really interesting
story in Rudy Giuliani just made it much
more interesting much more intriguing so
I want to bring you every single bit of
it help me do that by subscribing to our
premium service at www.mayfirm.com load
the rebel app and go to fire Scott
Israel comm and sign our petition as
always thanks so much for doing those
things and banks even more for watching
I'll see you tomorrow
