it seems like Robert Muller the special
counsel will stop at nothing to take
down President Donald Trump every day on
the show I tell you that I am just
beside myself with how unethical how
improper Robert Muller's investigation
well it becomes day in and day out every
day there is more impropriety more abuse
of authority more heavy-handedness more
things that I've never seen be allowed
to continue to go on in I always tell
you the 25 years I've been in working
with or covering law enforcement
analyzing law enforcement on air and it
is it is mind blowing now if you go back
to when Muller was first appointed go
back before I was ever here at the rebel
when I was on air on radio I was very
objective on Muller very objective I
said look the guy's got a good
reputation with some got a bad
reputation with others some claim he's a
very ethical actor others say he's very
unethical because of the way he handled
the Whitey Bulger investing Bulger
investigation nine who sits and way he
handled the anthrax scandal after 9/11
but I didn't believe I didn't believe
now I I it wasn't that I was naive to
this I didn't believe that Muller would
actually be so overtly biased in an
attempt to do the deep state's bidding
and take down a sitting American
president I didn't buy that but for many
months
I gave Robert Muller the benefited and
out when I started to have my doubts is
when Muller's Muller's team began to
come on board people like Andrew
Weissman who were rabid Democrats why
he's been censured by judges many many
times for his mishandling of exculpatory
evidence or failure to disclose the
exculpatory evidence he was one of the
DOJ officials that ran the Greg Scarpa
wing de Vecchio debacle I've mentioned
that to you before Greg Scarpa a mafia
capo brutal brutal guy Scarpa died in
prison of throat cancer and Linda
Vecchio an FBI agent who was apparently
as complicit allegedly as complicit with
Scarpa as john connally was with with uh
Jimmy Whitey Bulger but de Vecchio ever
did any time in prison because the
witness is all wound up dead Linda
Vecchio that agent actually lives down
here in Florida reached out to me a few
years ago I was doing a segment on him
on my radio show and he reached out to
me cuz he wanted to clear the air he
invited to buy me dinner in Tampa I
didn't accept the offer not that I
thought I was gonna wind up dead in a
ditch I think he's beyond that and I'm
really not afraid of mmm nearly eighty
year old former FBI agents whose excuse
me the Capo's they handled are dead so
that wasn't I didn't feel like driving a
temp but I meet with a bad guy well my
opinion was a bad guy but Weissman ran
those guys rants carpenter vecchia's so
these are the people that a rubber
mallet put on his team and that's why I
was well let's say I began who distrust
Muller then I watched Muller operate
picking in Paul mount affords door in
the middle of the night frisking his
wife at gunpoint over 12-year old at the
time ten eleven year old white-collar
crime allegation
it was pretty disgraceful stuff very
heavy-handed stuff that I've only
experienced from the very worst
prosecutors now you kicked doors in when
you're going after drug kingpins or
Mafia dons you don't kick doors in on a
on its senior citizen couple for alleged
financial crime just don't do that it's
not the way things are done it's a very
sleazy underhanded intimidation tactic
and one that law enforcement needs to be
better then and then we watched Muller
go after people on processed crimes
where there were no underlying crime but
that means you hear that term a lot you
hear it on Fox News you see a written in
conservative media I've said it many
many times if you don't understand what
that means many of you do but for the
audience that that doesn't what it
simply means a process crime means you
didn't commit and overact
you didn't steal that thing or or engage
in criminal behavior with a third party
it simply means that you violated some
ambiguous random rule of process
and in the case of robert muller and
that rule of process is miss statements
very ambiguous miss statements to
federal investigators remember james
comey and peter stroke both said on the
record that they did not believe well on
the record in terms of text messages
shared and communications have now been
released we have a record of it both
said they did not believe general Flynn
was being untruthful when he spoke to
investigators investigators that he
didn't even know we're investigating him
he thought they were there for a random
meeting in his office as national
security adviser on some national
security issue he didn't believe general
Flynn lied
but Robert Muller nine months later
prosecuted general Flynn not for any
nefarious dealings with Sergey kis Lee
act the Russian ambassador not for all
this craziness trying to kidnap some
Turkish guy no that didn't even happen
none of that he was prosecuted for a
process crime a subjective opinion of
robert muller really that you try to
twist general Flynn's arm and leverage
general Flint now Muller has some big
problems because general Flynn
sentencing was delayed until today May
1st actually until yesterday May 1st
my apologies these weeks are blending in
was the late until yesterday but
yesterday general Flynn's attorneys and
the government's attorneys Muller's a
team asked for more time now the left is
is salivating a think this means a
general Flynn is cooperating I don't
believe general Flynn is cooperating
number one I speak to people very close
to the general they don't believe he's
cooperating number two when you get a
witness to cooperate you don't have that
witness plea in nonsense general Flynn
pled to one count of all statements to
investigators for a statement in which
he said I do not recall there isn't a
judge on the planet that's going to
impose harsh jail time on a lieutenant
general who served this nation honorably
for four decades they're just not going
to do it Muller has no leverage on
general Flynn and the only reason
general Flynn pled guilty in my opinion
he couldn't afford the fight I've told
you many times fighting a federal
criminal trial costs on
of thousands of dollars general Flynn
isn't a wealthy man the man at worked
hard he rose to the rank of general
officer he had a nice pension they owned
a home in Virginia he Anna's wife
they're not wealthy people he had to
sell his home and downgrade his son Mike
full disclosure Mike Flynn jr. is a
friend of mine his his life was turned
upside down he has a little baby beat
this is not a wealthy family there's a
family in government service of general
Flynn look the damage things were doing
to his family had to sell his home based
financial ruin general Flynn said well
you know what let me settle this thing
out for a bogus charge I'm not gonna do
any jail time and part of that is I'll
cooperate with the government but you
have to have something to give the
government but the government wherever
to come general Flynn and say okay we're
looking at this guy for money laundering
and general cleanses oh yeah I you know
we looked at that guy as well when I was
at DIA let me help you out with what I
know that's one thing but if general
Flynn we're gonna flip on the President
of the United States
number one the president would have had
to have done something wrong which he
didn't they found nothing
number two they'd be twisting his arm
general Flynn's armed with a much higher
charge something far more serious that
car carries far more jail time than a
bogus one misstatement the federal
investigators
something that Hillary Clinton Huma
Abedin Cheryl Mills all did and walked
away scot-free
that's a whole other segment that's why
Americans are infuriated robert muller
has nothing well now a new story is
breaking at muller old president Trump's
former attorney John Dowd that if
President Trump refused an interview
with Muller Muller would potentially
subpoena him before a grand jury that is
the height of impropriety
now Dowd had enough and he shot back
quote this isn't some game you're
screwing with the work of the President
of the United States Dowd resigned a few
weeks later because of Trump's
statements and his his desire to go sit
in for an interview with Muller and a
host of other things now Rudy Giuliani
of course is one of the lead attorneys
on that team that meeting in the meeting
took place
I'll tell you when the meeting took
place not long ago meaning took place in
March actually said meaning took place
only two months ago and that was the
first time that Mulla raised the specter
of a grand jury subpoena now I think
this is
this is disgraceful and I would like to
see robert muller prior to subpoena a
sitting president i would like to see
him do that especially based on a witch
hunt is that it was russia collusion
now it's obstruction of justice
obstruction of justice was never within
trump's mandate robert muller is now
trying to make a case for obstruction of
justice on a crime that never happened
but worse robert muller is investigating
a person not a crime that is not how our
system is supposed to work I'm going to
explain what I mean and go really deep
into that the investigation of a person
and not a crime on my longer show off
the cuff Declassified today right here
on the rebel this is really important
stuff and I want to bring you the
details in depth so please subscribe to
our premium service to watch
off-the-cuff Declassified you can go to
www.codingcertification.org
