you know Robert one of the things I wish
could happen and I'm the I'm the world's
biggest proponent of operational
security but one of the most effective
programs I'm sure you know all about it
more than most that was ended to a
degree was the confidential mas
conforming program in the NYPD it
yielded treasure troves of actionable
intelligence very good friend of mine
was one of the supervisors on the
program and I had the good fortune of
working with it a little bit I wish some
of that could be be classified so the
general public could see just how many
threats the NYPD alone received that
were valid and actionable I think that
would change would start to change a lot
of minds oh yeah absolutely and that's
the reason why bill de blasio who owes a
great deal of his support to the Muslim
communities in New York City is keeping
it secret
he doesn't want these things out and
probably as long as he's the mayor
they're not going to come out because he
after all is responsible for halting
that program which was highly effective
under pressure from those same Islamic
advocacy groups so if he lets that up
it's he who's gonna look the worst so
once we get a new mayor there I think
then we might see some things starting
to change no I agree and one of the
biggest PR foe paws in the history of
the NYPD when they were defending that
program is most people don't realize
this that program didn't have a
religious test they we were looking for
people from certain nations their their
religious of religious affiliation
wasn't even known until after they were
interviewed and there were plenty of
Christians there were plenty of
nondenominational --zz from those
nations who had actionable intelligence
on what was going on in the Muslim
community but they were living in the
same community as a matter of
nationality
there was no religious test on that and
it you lead such incredible actionable
intelligence we saw this with the
Brooklyn College incident we have that
cop who will trade a cell in Brooklyn
College and I'm sure you're familiar
with it and she was vilified for doing
so even though she put two people in
jail that wanted to bomb New York City
she was still vilified right for daring
to actually enforce the law it's always
the same job Islamophobia is the big
problem
and the foes of jihad terror are the
enemy this is the mainstream media view
they don't enunciate it explicitly but
they always act upon it this is the
prevailing view in the nation's
universities whenever I speak at a
college or university it's as if Jack
the Ripper's coming to campus there are
protests and petitions and calls for me
to be canceled and all sorts of uproar
but I guarantee you that in the same
universities if a Guantanamo inmates
showed up and started screaming death to
America in the middle of campus it'd be
celebrated as a hero and so what
happened to her doesn't surprise me at
all it happens to everyone across the
board who dares to stand up against this
threat I want to keep bringing you these
segments every day to help me do it by
subscribing to our premium service at
www
