it was all very very weird I get sit
down and the school race off server goes
like this he says Kyle you're taking
five AP class it shows you're good
student why would you do something like
this and I was I was in shock and I was
like what do you mean he's like why'd
you do something like this and they came
in there with the notion that I had done
something wrong by going to a gun range
remember the one I think there's just
one Marjory Stoneman Douglas student
he's spoken out in defense of gun rights
Calcasieu have posted a photo and video
from his visit to a gun range with his
dad earlier in April and said how
important it is to learn about the
Second Amendment and this was apparently
enough to earn him an interrogation by
armed security officers at his school so
they go whose gun is it
who'd you shoot it with why'd you shoot
who'd you shoot it with is it you were
gonna see your dad's gun when did you go
and at this entire town I was like did I
do anything wrong
I mean still America last time I checked
that can go to a gun range and shoot it
peacefully and then I said what like did
I do anything wrong and they said don't
get snappy with me and Kyle didn't just
face a private scolding for exercising
his second Amendment rights oh no he was
also apparently publicly shamed by
Marjory Stoneman Douglas teacher Gregory
Pittman three of Pittman's students said
the teacher called Kyle dangerous and
the next Hitler in front of the class I
find it utterly vile that he called you
the next Hitler said Kyle whose family
moved to the u.s. from Israel in the 90s
it's also quite telling that he doesn't
know that Hitler took the peoples
weaponry and I want more law abiding
citizens to have firearms the irony is
mind-boggling enough already but wait if
you watch many of my videos you'll
remember there's often a really
interesting contradiction between what
these professors or teachers say and
their field of study Dartmouth professor
mark Bray is a historian of human rights
and terrorism and supports an Tifa
former first lady barbara Bush renowned
for spreading literacy in America is
bashed by Fresno State's Ron de girar a
professor of English and this parkland
teacher who seems not to know that
Hitler took away guns instead of
defending the right to own them teaches
you guessed it history but Pitman isn't
the only rather lackluster student of
history parkland student activists like
David hog and Emma Gonzales used the
phrase never again as a rallying cry to
misrepresent and strip away gun rights
when that very phrase is in fact
distinctly used to refer to the
Holocaust made possible by stripping
away gun rights
maybe that has some
do with all those college rejections a
David for campus unmasked I'm Rob shim
shock if you like this video and support
our mission please make sure to comment
and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
