is it time to end the White House
Correspondents Dinner well people on
both sides of the aisle even to think it
is no one no one is disagreeing well no
one who's a normal American is
disagreeing that this year's White House
Correspondents Dinner was an epic AtTask
Rafi this comedian Michelle wolf
insulted personally insulted Sarah
Huckabee Sanders White House press
secretary
there are Huckabee Sanders now whether
or not you agree with Sarah Huckabee
Sanders professionally I happen to think
he's one of the best White House press
secretaries we've ever had
not because I'm a fan of Trump I find
her very quick on her feet
I find her answers very clear very
concise and I like her honesty when she
doesn't know something she doesn't try
to budge through it like some other
press secretaries did make herself seem
more in the know then she really is when
she hasn't been read into something by
the President or a cabinet secretary and
she's asked a question about them she
says I don't know I haven't been read
into that I have no information on that
I'll get it for you he's very clear
she's very concise and she handles a
very hostile bar Left White House press
corps masterfully it also seems like a
very nice woman now I don't know Sarah
but I have some very close friends that
are very close with her and who a person
they tell me the same things very warm
very funny very smart very witty very
engaging I have had the pleasure on
several occasions of meeting her dad
Governor Mike Huckabee and his wife and
their incredibly nice people really nice
people great sense of humor very humble
people in fact I was at a high-dollar
fundraiser not too long ago in South
Florida where governor Huckabee was one
of the keynote speakers and he couldn't
find him couldn't find him and his wife
and everybody thought they left her they
didn't feel well and when they found him
he was in was very large home beautiful
home and a lot of people had brought
their kids and he was playing guitar he
and his wife were playing guitar for the
kids because the kids were bored at this
function with all adults this political
function in the living room of the house
these are just nice people they're not
the Huckabee family it's just they're
very nice people and what Sarah Huckabee
had a on she would cheer to endure and
this alleged comedian Michelle wolf was
disgraceful her appearance was mock she
was compared to a character from the
handmaidens tale they made in front of
her eye makeup but Sarah Huckabee
Sanders handled it with grace and
dignity she even showed up later on at
an MSNBC party one of the outlets that
he that hates her and she really showed
that no matter what this insignificant
comedian says I'm the White House press
secretary I'm not the one of the podium
calling the shots but should the dinner
be ended now the arguments on both sides
of the aisle are kind of interesting on
the left they now want to end it they
never did before by the way and now want
to end it a claim because it's
diminishing their credibility because
the press should never be socializing
with politicians that they covering you
notice I've never said that under Obama
when Obama was showing up there and
swooning over him and Jim Acosta was
walking in with Huma Abedin on his arm
there was never a whisper about
eliminating the WH C D White House
Correspondents Dinner or with us normal
people call nerd prom there was never a
hint of it they loved it celebrities
would show up it was an a-list event
last night the biggest celebrity in the
room was Kathy Griffin from pater and
renowned d-lister Kathy Griffin now
during Obama again never a whisper about
ending the WH CD but Trump hasn't gone
for two years and let's face it when the
president doesn't show up nobody really
cares who else is there the entire event
was was put together so that the
president could be roasted in a fun way
not in a horrible evil mean-spirited way
like this moron Michelle wolf I mean she
was out there saying if you haven't had
an abortion you should try one don't
knock it till you tried when she was as
vile as she could possibly be calling
people liars it was just so it was so
low-rent that even the White House
Correspondents Association is distancing
bells from Michelle wolf
now there's an NBC story on it let me
find it for you because I was a very
surprised actually purged that NBC had
actually reported on what the w HCA did
here and they knew they knew and it's
the NBC News Teresa's correspondence
group criticizes comedian Michelle wolf
her remarks at their annual dinner so
here's what the White House
correspondent sociation wrote dear
members I want to tell you how much your
kind words meant to me following my
personal remarks at last night's White
House Correspondents Dinner about the
roots of my belief in journalism's
essential role I have also heard from
members expressing dismay with the
entertainer's monologue and concerns
about how it reflects on our mission I'm
gonna read you the rest of that
statement on my longer show off-the-cuff
Declassified today cuz I was encouraged
that the White House Correspondents
Association released this message but
what did they think was going to happen
they picked the or this left a median
they could find
they put Sarah Huckabee Sanders up there
in a room with an incredibly hostile
press and I do not believe for a single
solitary second that Michelle wolf did
not have to vet her comments through the
White House Correspondents Association
before she got on stage I failed to
believe it I fail to believe that
Michelle wolf went that off script when
she hit that stage I don't buy it that's
why I don't buy the walk back you cannot
tell me the White House Correspondents
Association allows the comedian to get
up there doesn't ask to see the nature
of their remarks doesn't ask to see a
transcript of their remarks doesn't ask
to know the theme of their remarks
because I can guarantee you if Michelle
wolf routine was Jim Acosta your this
and Jake Tapper you're that and it was
excoriating liberals she never would
have been allowed on that stage
but for the WHCA to walk back now and
say well we were very dismayed by our
comments he was very disingenuous to me
I have a very hard time believing they
didn't know now what a Trump just was
beside himself over this that's why he
doesn't go he's not going to Kennedy
Center Honors he knows that this is all
just nonsense he knows that these people
absolutely hate his guts and hate his
administration's gods and he ripped them
he treated that quote the White House
Correspondents Dinner is dead the
capital D EAD as we know it he also went
on to say this was a total disaster and
an embarrassment to our great country
and all that it stands for he wrote in
capital most fake news and caps is alive
and well and beautifully represented on
Saturday night now apparently this
Michelle wolf is a former correspondent
on Comedy Central's The Daily Show I
don't watch that show
but even Maggie Haberman from the New
York Times someone who has never been
complimentary the Trump administration
said that at press sack Sarah Huckabee
Sanders sat and absorbed it intense
criticism of her physical appearance her
job performance and so forth instead of
walking out on national television was
impressive and Michelle wolf then
attacked Maggie Haberman and then called
Sarah Huckabee Sanders behavior
despicable now why was Michelle wolf
hired if she had such a personal agenda
an agenda that was so biased so hateful
that she couldn't go there she couldn't
contain herself she couldn't keep it
funny he had to just be vile angry her
routine wasn't enjoyable look I would
laugh when comedians in a funny way
would skewer Donald Trump I think
Saturday Night Live has come become way
too political but Jimmy Fallon has had
some good puns these guys are lefties
but a look credit where do Cal and his
talent and Jimmy Fallon has had some
very funny get to where he's you know
ding the president but they weren't
mean-spirited Jimmy Fallon skits are
funny he typically hones in on something
that actually has a lot of comedic value
about the president's mannerisms a lot
of material there Trump himself is a
good sense of humor he'll laugh at it
but if you watch Jimmy Fallon's routine
I don't watch a show excite I'm up early
to do this
job for you so I typically don't watch
late-night TV his routines are never
mean-spirited they're never overtly
politically driven yeah he's a
left-leaning guy he's in the
entertainment industry but he typically
picks on something that across the board
people can find funny and it's not
offensive it's not degrading anybody
it's not you know designed to break at
the core that's comedy look medians by
and large the exceptions of few have
always been pretty left-leaning but when
they do it like Fallon does it it's the
way it was meant to be done what this
Michelle wolf did was absolutely
despicable now the President had his set
of comments the independent over in the
UK is reporting extensively on that and
the Washington Post had their opinion on
why the president's opinion on why we
should end the dinner and the Washington
Post had their opinion on why we should
end the White House Correspondents
Dinner and they came to the same
conclusion but for very different
reasons I'm gonna tell you all about it
as well as read you the rest of the
White House Correspondents Association
z' statement on my longer show
off-the-cuff Declassified today right
here on the rebel I want to keep
bringing you these segments every day to
help me do it by subscribing to our
premium service at
