some big wins yesterday for president
Donald Trump but also a significant loss
President Trump had some very big wins
over the last couple of days Mike Pompeo
confirmed as Secretary of State sworn in
Rick Grinnell good friend of mine Rick
confirmed as ambassador to Germany and
all very important because German
Chancellor Angela Merkel is coming
through the White House today and it's
great that we now have a unified
diplomatic presence to greet her Germany
is is really in a state of flux under
Merkel
Lola NATO ally they're still perceived
as an ally but are they they open their
borders to Muslim migrants they've got a
crime and rape problem a terror problem
and we now know that because Germany
wants to play in Iran's oil game they
sold the binary components for the
chemical weapons who Iran that were used
in the gas attack in Syria but Germany
is also playing despite being an ally of
the US on paper at least
Germany is also playing a very dangerous
game with some very very bad actors add
to that what I'm sure is Merkel's
frustration but Trump's romance with
French president Emmanuel macron a guy
who seems much more aligned with Trump's
nationalist stance not in a negative
connotation but macron wants to put
France first and Trump wants to put
America first and they realize that
America and France have been allies for
200 US years sure we always joked around
about France capitulating and France uh
buddy the Nazis roll in and France over
the years being very weak on national
defense on foreign affairs but it
appears there's a sea change when you
speak you guys that friends of mine who
were deployed in Iraq and Afghanistan
people I've had on the show they'll tell
you the French troops are tough guys
they're not these are not wimps or
they're out there alongside our people
fighting just as hard it was French
leadership that was unfortunately had
that that mindset of capitulation but
the French military has always been very
very well trained and when allowed they
fight very honorably very courageously
so I think we Sno see a sea change in
France that's gotta make Merkel very
nervous even more than France Poland now
Poland is rapidly Nashes Poland has
closed its borders Poland has been an
incredible ally to the United States
both of its nationally because of its
conservatism because of its over only
Catholic nature as a country Obama
shunned poll and if you go back to the
early days of the first Gulf War this
war included with the first Gulf War
1991 ROM which is the Polish Special
Forces Grom is like they're seals our
seals and delta rolled in a one-unit
they went with our seals and took out
Saddam Hussein's Scud missiles in the
first Gulf War they're special operators
were alongside ours in this global war
on terror from day one I actually have
the privilege of knowing some grom guys
who are now here in the United States
cross training
with our Special Operations community
our Intelligence Committee close bond
with Poland obviously by the Germany's
neighbor and so now Merkel has Poland
France to worry about and this alliance
on both sides of Europe you've got
you've got Poland on the east you know
France on the west
you've got the United States now he
spawns allied with both but they've
really got Merkel sandwiched in combine
that with Pompeo and Grinnell now
confirmed now sworn in Merkel is in a
box that she was never in with Obama and
it's a story the mainstream media is not
reporting to you they're not talking
about our our strengthened alliance in
Europe with two powers that matter
Poland and France and Poland economic
base is growing by the day in fact one
of the very good friend of mine does
business they're doing citizen and he
said one of the greatest ironies in the
city of Warsaw is that the former or one
of for the former communist party's
headquarters building and several around
the city you know for various agencies
is now you're gonna love this this was
the building was dedicated to certain
divisions of the Communist Party in
Poland one of the headquarters for those
for those offices it's now a Ferrari
dealership and is that not the greatest
180 in history was a communist party
building now it's a Ferrari dealership
innocent or so but Poland is booming
booming due in large part to this
renewed cooperation with the United
States
but Trump did have a loss and and the
other big win he had of course I mean
the massive one is that North Korea and
South Korea those historic photos those
historic videos presidents of North and
South Korea shaking hands crossing the
demilitarized zone to meet and it looks
like there might very well or I should
say we're looking at what might do it
what might very well be a start the
peace in that very very fragile region
now one caveat on that North Korean
state television is not broadcasting
meeting there instead broadcasting films
about Kim jong-un and so I know as I
look at this through the lens of
intelligence eating those nuanced little
puzzle parts together that is concerning
to me North was as serious as the south
as the United States as the rest of the
Western world was of the world in
general it would probably be a a little
more little more visible about a little
more transparent is about this on state
television so just something to watch
there before we get our hopes new high
up now the loss for president Trump was
of course dr. Ronnie Jackson withdrawing
his name as VA secretary nominee we've
covered this nears are disgraceful
accused him of being intoxicated in a
government vehicle I don't buy it for
one second don't buy it for one second
unauthorized use of a government vehicle
especially if you're intoxicated is a
fireable offense this would not have
been swept under the rug especially for
an officer firstly for an officer and a
surgeon this would not have been swept
under the rug I don't believe any of it
I think Chuck Schumer and John tester
could be ashamed
I mean ashamed of them
absolute and absolute disgrace an
absolute disgrace to be ashamed of
themselves
but it's what Democrats do one who
really bothers me and all this is Barack
Obama this is a testament he is
it's heady nature he's just not a good
guy Ronny Jackson honorably and
dedicated honorably served in a
dedicated way I should say the Obama
family for eight years he took care of
Barack Obama Michelle Obama their
children
he received rave reviews from the Obama
family care of that family for nearly a
decade but when his name was dragged
through the mud by fellow Democrats
Barack and Michelle Obama and now their
adult daughters remain dead silent that
is reprehensible reprehensible horrible
and they should be ashamed of themselves
but all in all a big win for president
Trump this week new Gallup polls show he
will waltz to reelection
that'll win an easy reelection if things
that this trajectory continues fight all
this nonsense from Muller I think that
thing is winding down anyway but who
knows I don't trust Muller but again big
wins for president Trump this week keep
an eye on North and South Korea and I
would be going much deeper in all this
on my longer show off-the-cuff
Declassified today right here on the
rebel if you like this contact I hope
you do because I love bringing it to you
please subscribe to our premium service
www.mediaed.org this in Tallahassee
you're telling me that the removal of
Broward County Sheriff Scott Israel is
now imminent after a vote of no
confidence by Broward Sheriff's that be
so please go to fire Scott Israel com
sign our petition let's help the
governor make this decision quickly
remove Scott Israel from office
