whoever is saying she's racist or some
things and then they need to come and
sit and listen to her well I'm standing
outside the International Center where
the Canadian arm of the Islamic circle
of North America is hosting its carry
the light conference but check out some
of the speakers such as the star
attraction Linda Sarsour
an extremist Palestinian American best
known for preaching her disdain of
Western values and Israel while
promoting the implementation of Sharia
law for America and there are other
odious speakers here too so we wanted to
ensure that people knew what kind of
rhetoric they might hear from the mouths
of featured guest speaker Linda Sarsour
and thanks to your support we were able
to arrange for this truck to circle the
International Center presenting SAR
sores verbatim odious quotes for all to
see we also ventured onto the grounds of
the International Center to interview
attendees of the convention we wanted
them to shed some light on why they were
attending an event with such
questionable speakers and it's been in
the news that some of the speakers
coming here such as Linda Sarsour
I mean they've been painted as you know
hate mongers what is your opinion of
that I honestly I can't say anything
about that because I have never heard of
that that's number one and second of all
I don't know exactly what they're being
accused of saying what they're being
accused of doing so I don't have an
opinion of that unfortunately I can't
comment on that part yeah I mean I for
one for example the Linda sir sewer
she's a big proponent of Sharia law in
the United States would that be
something that you would support here in
Canada I'm not sure I'm honestly not
sure about that you know I'd have to
research the issue a bit more then after
that you know I could form an opinion
but honestly I'm not sure about that
yeah yeah but did but but do you think
Sharia law would be compatible with
Canadian law in the Canadian
Constitution again I'm not sure about
that you know Oh sir just asking people
what brings them out to the carry the
light convention today
well this is a convention every every
years happening and we got to know
reviving of Islam and what Islam is
giving giving us and giving us a broader
picture and that's why we are coming
with our family and friends you know a
lot of people are saying that you know
she and others at this conference convey
a message of hate I mean she's called
for a jihad against President Trump she
doesn't seem to have a problem with FGM
she wants Sharia law in the US do you
have a problem with the lakes of sir-sir
and these others no not at all maybe
just we need to whoever is saying she's
a racist or something so then they need
to come and sit and listen to her
because this is jihad means to a
struggle that's from the beginning we
need to know and struggling for study
struggling for ownself and I don't think
Lynne Assessor says something anything
against any religion this is just
general terms she she also speaks of
Sirach wa harsh as a mentor and this is
somebody who was an unindicted
co-conspirator in the 1993 World Trade
Center attack and he wants laws in North
America banning adultery he said some
other things I mean is that kind of a
problem well I I don't see any problem
really I mean yeah I don't know I
haven't heard what he is saying but you
know I heard Sarah Jo Haws I mean to me
I didn't see I don't feel I never feel
that he accused any religion anybody I
mean speaking as a Canadian Muslim
answer but would you like to see Sharia
law implemented in Canada well it
depends that what we are talking about
Sharia law
people think that Sharia law means
something extreme something but it is
not Sharia law means you know there's a
justice between husband and wife just
between Muslim and
you know in Brotherhood and you know
justice in workplace and everywhere
right people think that you know they
need to cut hands there's a
misconception by the way but sir does
that not happen in some Islamic
Republic's around the world and you know
the one is seven but yeah that is best
part of it but you don't say that is the
only thing right Sharia laws it's
everything you know tell me how
compatible would Sharia law be with
Canadian law and the Canadian
Constitution I would not know there's
I'm not the right person to and said
that I would not know I'm not allowed to
ask a question of this lady I'm on a
sidewalk here okay that yes you can but
why would you do that sir okay all right
your star speaker Linda sir sewer is the
biggest proponent of Sharia law in the
United States so what's the big deal
about it who what's the big deal what
who cares about the Sharia law we are
not here for Sharia law we are we are
here to live as a Canadian citizen with
with law abiding citizen we want to live
in a pluralistic society where we can
coexist with each other we have nothing
to do with Sharia law is Sharia law
compatible Canadian life this place
please leave this place sir you have no
authority to make me leaves well from
the conference center entrance to the
parking lot to here on the sidewalk of
Airport Road we have been pushed as far
as we can go and even though we are on a
public sidewalk we're still being
shadowed by security guards but you know
what folks they couldn't stop the truck
thanks to your generosity that Jumbotron
equipped truck made certain
my were informed of the toxic comments
by those hateful speakers who had
gathered within the confines of
Toronto's International Centre for the
rebel dot media I'm David Menzies
hey folks if you want to take a stand
against imported hatred coming into
Canada please visit our website Linda
Sarsour dot CA and sign the petition
you
