holy Mackinaw folks that WWE is going to
have a card in Saudi Arabia on Friday
and the men Zoid is not happy what's the
matter man Zoid
well you know something bashful Brian
and all you folks out there the men's
weight is hotter than a 72 Ford Pinto
trying to drive through the Sahara
Desert right now you see brother the WWE
is going to Saudi Arabia but it's not
going to be all this brother just some
of us men Zoid what do you mean here's
what I mean brother
it's those cats running to Saudi Arabia
government they're not allowing the WWE
Divas to compete you mean no women
but why men so ed why no woman because
women are second-class citizens their
brother they actually officially
discriminate against women it's state
policy it's a form of apartheid Bravo
you mean like South Africa exactly like
South Africa bashful Brian but it's
apartheid based on sex not race and the
men's lloyd says banning someone from
the ring because she doesn't have a tool
all that ain't cool brother so why are
we staging the cart there men Zoid yes
why are we doing that brother there are
plenty of other cities for the WWE to go
to white are we going to a place that
considers the US Constitution and the
Bill of Rights to be like fish wrap
brother and you want to remember what
the world did to South Africa back in
the day yeah we boycotted them brother
we sanctioned them we divested them and
now the left one says to do that to
Israel brother can you believe it we're
supposed to shun the only democracy in
the Middle East while we turn a blind
eye to the sexist sheets the world is
upside down brother
but men's aren't the new Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman he said he wants to
bring in reforms reforms then tell mo to
bring it on brother it's a freaking
dictatorship already they don't do poll
ever sides they're just change the law
bo what's the hold up already in
declaring that all Saudis are equal
regardless of sex you seem very
passionate about this men's Lloyd what
do you say to the Saudi Crown Prince if
he gave you an audience what do I say
the Saudi Crown Prince ha I love my 48
centimeter pythons do the talking
brother I'll give that Prince so many
rights he'll be begging for a left
because the men's Lloyd's all about
equality brother but men Zoid if the
world community boycotted Saudi Arabia
like South Africa wouldn't the
progressive scream Islamophobia Osama
phobia
why is everything Islamophobia check
this out brother
I call this Armand Hammer Oh phobia
besides the United Arab Emirates they
recently allowed the demons to compete
in a cart at Abu Dhabi yeah okay brother
the divas had to cover up a bit but it
wasn't like they were wearing burkas
brother and the fans in the UAE they
went crazy they were chanting this is
hope this is hope it was like meds like
mania running wild brother so the UAE
can accommodate woman now why not the
Saudis and you want to know something
else brother
we represent the World Wrestling
Federation we're the best in the world
if the Saudis want to see our exhibition
of strength and science brother they
need us more than we need them
my oh my men Zoid you're on fire
you know poetry is very popular in Saudi
Arabia do you think you could match the
poetic prowess of the Saudi champion
poets poetic prowess hey bashful brain
try these verses on precise roses are
red violets are blue when you come up
against the men Zoid
hey brother you may have heard the rebel
has a brand new app download that app
and take the rebel with you wherever you
go
you
