you know that's fine with me like I said
when I came into this this field of work
and John you know I was in the music
industry for almost a decade and it's
funny like the the comments that we
would get on our music videos on VEVO
and such they were there were very
superficial comments they were like oh
you I was in a pop do it with another
girl so one of our music videos is in
Hollywood and it's just a bunch of
people dancing on the street and we're
dancing and people would comment like oh
you guys look like a bunch of hookers
well nothing that bad but now the
opprobrium and censure that I get from
being in politics it's it's it's
no-holds-barred
it's they call me the c-word the B word
they go after my family conservative man
if you were a liberal if you were a
rabid raging liberal conservatives would
never treat you that way and liberals
would fawn all over you look at this
girl she's beautiful she's articulate
she's so brilliant
he's so quick on her feet if you
replaced Trump with Hillary or Obama or
Pelosi or Reed or Warren or you know
just insert Democrat here Schumer you
would be the Great you first of all you
probably be a much bigger star and
second of all there'd be a swoon fast
and if a conservative dared say they
didn't like your hair there'd be a
boycott of every one of their sponsors
they'd be fired from their job because
the left is just insane and unhinged
because you're not on the Left it's okay
to attack you in vile ways yeah and it's
one of my favorite things to do when I'm
out in Hollywood and you know I meet
someone and they're like Oh what do you
do and I say I work in political media
so being a woman in Hollywood they
automatically assumed that I'm a liberal
so they're like oh that's so great can
you believe what's happening in DC this
is such an esto and and then I'm like
well actually I'm spokesperson for a PAC
called committee to defend the president
and I'm that's the Hollywood
conservative dream it must just dream
and then tonight I have to hold my hand
over my drink it's like that scene in a
Bronx Tale you've like locked them in a
room and said now you just can't leave
right the color just drains from their
faces no these people are unhinged and
they're gonna be more unhinged because
yesterday Donald Trump had a couple of
pretty big wins I was talking about it a
little early
on the show well I hear the three big
wind yesterday right he had macron
common essentially it was a love fest a
bromance between Trump and macron he
gets Pompeo through committee over the
last couple of days and yesterday he
finds out that McConnell filed cloture
on Pompeo and Rick Reynolds nominations
most likely they'll be confirmed in the
next couple of days thank goodness you
know Rick is a dear friend of mine and
and I I saw him at a function a few
months ago and he was like oh don't
worry about it I'll be confirmed in the
next week or two and then fast forward
to now and it still hasn't happened but
it is it is high time and John you know
exactly why Democrats are not letting
this happen or trying to not let it
happen it's because if confirmed he will
be the highest ranking openly gay
diplomat in American history now exactly
why they can't give that the Trump I
love bringing you these shows and I want
to do it every day help me do it by
subscribing to our premium service at
www.floridasurflessons.com
