professor Jordan Peterson has given us
all a glimpse of just how rotten
universities have become but this is a
new low the Dean of engineering at U of
A just couldn't hold his tongue he
couldn't fake his agreement with the
decision he posted a public dissent
against it saying he lost the internal
debate but he will continue to try to
fix the problem
like any good engineer would he's
opposed to this Tsuzuki honorary
Doctorate well trust the right-wing
white male to say something like that eh
I mean what does an engineer know about
anything like the oil sands are right
and wrong but that dissent is spreading
a law firm that had made a $100,000
donation pledge to the U of A said they
would not follow through on their pledge
they would give their money to something
else I mean obviously much of their
money was made in the oil sands they're
not going to give it to the university
that chooses to side with a destroyer
like that here's here's what that law
firm says they say while we acknowledge
mr. Suzuki has made significant
contributions to science awareness and
education he has inappropriately used
this platform to attack the very
foundation of our provinces success
without engaging in rational discourse
and debate two things that are also
essential to a full and beneficial
post-secondary education so they're
canceling their gifts saying I'll give
it to students in other ways ways that
are less destructive well it sounds like
people with Alberta have some
self-respect left
naturally the CBC Canada state
broadcaster paid by Justin Trudeau they
despise anyone who would dare to
criticize David Suzuki really the last
nationally known personality at the CBC
Peter Mansbridge is gone Jian Ghomeshi
is gone in a disgrace
Suzuki's all they have left so the CBC
has been on a massive PR campaign to
support this honorary degree without in
any of their news items acknowledging
their obvious conflict of interest he
works from the CBC's there's Starr oh
and he also runs an anti our lobby group
with registered anti L lobbyists called
the David Suzuki foundation all
campaigning against oil and gas is the
CBC's latest PR exercise U of A stands
by Suzuki honorary degree as donors
withdraw
albertans protests they're spinning it
as if it's a matter of academic freedom
but how is giving an honorary doctorate
a matter of academic freedom it's not a
classroom it's not a debate he's not a
member of the faculty or a student body
this isn't a class it's a propaganda
moment where Suzuki basks in their
adoration and the university brass bask
in his there's no scholarship there's no
learning and there's no debate
there's no rebuttal there's no chance
for another side of the story no chance
for questions it's a pure PR moment
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Azrael avance show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
