compared to that week double-talking
phony-baloney conservative known as
Patrick Brown Doug Ford is a breath of
fresh air when it comes to being the
leader of Ontario's Progressive
Conservative Party but based on recent
announcements some people are wondering
if Doug Ford really does represent
change or if this is a matter of as the
who went saying meet the new boss same
as the old boss
from the moment he announced that he
wanted to be the leader of the PC party
Doug Ford was crystal clear in his
speeches that unlike the dark old days
of Patrick Brown this party would not be
beholden to the elites and that it would
always be accountable to the desires of
grassroots constituencies when it came
to electing PC candidates and so what
happened on Saturday well like a
lightning bolt from Mount Olympus a
directive was issued noting that no
fewer than eleven candidates would be
appointed in various writings what
happened to being beholden to the
grassroots what happened to the
democratic process for de sade that
thanks to the mess he inherited from the
bumbling Brown and given that the
election is less than two months away
the party had to move fast
these statements are undeniably true but
I'm sorry mr. Ford democracy rushed is
democracy denied the democracy cannot be
treated like a drive-thru line at the
local fast food eatery we might be near
the eleventh hour in terms of choosing
candidates but it's not quite the
eleventh hour yet and now comes part two
of the shocking announcement folks some
of the candidates that have been
appointed are unapologetic liberals case
in point Meredith Cartwright she's a
Toronto human rights lawyer she once
headed up one of Canada's largest
liberal Woman's clubs and she went ride
to be the federal Liberal candidate in
Toronto Centre but this lifelong leftist
is now the PC candidate for Toronto
sander does her resume sound like it's
one that belongs to a conservative and
then there's Christina Mitas who was
appointed as the candidate in
Scarborough Centre meatus is a Masters
of Arts candidate in leadership and
policy at Boise the interior Institute
for studies in education she is also
president of the oisi Alumni Association
now folks for those who aren't familiar
with Uzis let's put it this way it would
be impossible to find a more
left-leaning educational organization in
all of Canada than oisi and like
Cartwright
this liberal leopard has also changed
her spots overnight really sorry but
this is precisely the sort of rancid
garbage that was part of the Patrick
Brown playbook it was this sort of bait
and switch a strategy that made a legion
of conservatives abandoned the party
under Brown in the first place they
quickly recognized that Brown was a
pretend conservative but Doug Ford is a
real conservative at least I think so
so why Doug why why parachute hardcore
liberals into the PC party you're better
than that
you're also better than going the
elitist route to Doug
case in point Mike Harris jr. the son of
former premier Mike Harris is the
appointed candidate for Kitchener
Conestoga now I've always been a fan of
Mike's senior and maybe my junior is cut
from the same cloth as his dead but
earlier this month Mike jr. ran for the
neighboring writing of Waterloo and he
lost yet Mike jr. is now in Lake Flint
even though there were other several
interested candidates in the running for
Kitchener Conestoga but why because of
his surname is that why he's in come on
Doug we already have one Princess
Caroline we don't need two candidates
running simply because they belong to
the lucky DNA Club and any event dug by
announcing those 11 appointments you
have broken a fundamental promise that
you were Pete idli made on the campaign
trail and you know what Doug that's
exactly the sort of thing the elites
dine out on saying one thing and then
doing the precise opposite that's not
you Doug
you're better than that bottom line Doug
you must resist being steered into a
poor decision by the Patrick Brown
acolytes who still infest your party
that means you need to delete these
appointments and let the people in these
writings decide who they want as their
representatives that's called democracy
that's called making good on a promise
that you have made several times over
and that's called doing the right thing
for the rebel dot media I'm David the
men's ID Menzies
hey folks to me have heard the rebel has
a brand new app please download that up
and take the rebel with you wherever you
go
you
