guess who's coming to London so Trump
it's coming to England at least we hope
Sky News is reporting that he's gonna
arrive on July the 13th Beth Rigby of
Sky says that a full announcement is
expected within a day or so so fingers
crossed let's see there's been a few
false starts actually it was I think it
was February when his embassy visit was
canceled because he criticized the move
of the embassy from Grosvenor Square in
Mayfair to the south of London there's a
reason if ever so what's the plan well
it's possible that Trump is going to
meet the Queen and other members of the
royal family doesn't manifest a state
visit or not that'll be interesting I
don't know if you saw but there was a
really great documentary of the Queen
and David Attenborough and they're
walking around the Buckingham Palace
gardens and overhead you hear
helicopters and this muffled beer noise
and she's just looking up and she goes
or Obama which I just really loved it
but who knows what she really thinks of
job then so be interesting to see how
that goes i hope i hope he meets the
queen not just because i want to see
these two people that you know i admire
so much together but it's it's a great
two fingers up to her the politicians
that hate trump namely Sadiq Khan he'll
definitely be meeting Theresa May of
course I mean it's a while since those
two got to hold hands bless them they're
either gonna meet in checkers or Downing
Street we're yet to see a Downing Street
still hasn't confirmed this year but as
I say sky says we should expect an
announcement within the next few days
but here's what to expect if the Trump
visit happens on July 13th the biggest
thing to expect is violence of course
it's violence and it's not just going to
be people out on the street protesting
on their own sort of will and their own
idea actually no it's gonna be
politicians encouraging them to do it
Sadiq Khan has already started so the
Carn is telling people to go out on the
streets and protest on this quote he
said we've got a great history in our
city of protests we've got a great
history in our city of bringing about
change by protest the key thing is for
it to be lawful for it to be peaceful we
know what your supporters do Sadiq Khan
and you know very well what your support
to do as well you know very well that
when you say it has to be lawful it has
to be peaceful all you're doing is
they're covering your own back you're
just covering yourself there because you
know very well that the people you tell
to go out and protest will be turning up
in balaclavas bottling people over their
head pulling out hair and but
potentially you know killing people this
is no joke these people are violent as
hell and when Trump who you've been
telling everyone is Hitler comes to this
country people are going to behave like
the devil incarnate is just arrived in
the country and how peaceful do you
think these people are going to be just
how peaceful do you think left-wing
aunty fascists are gonna be when Hitler
arrives in Britain what do you thinks
gonna happen Sadiq Khan and here's the
thing when Trump visits London London is
representing the whole country if he's
not travelling round the whole country
and meeting lots of different people
from lots
different walks of life then London's
his only experience of Britain of modern
Britain while he's president and it's
disgraceful for a fro the Mayor of
London to be suggesting that people go
out and protest when people all over
this country love that man people all
over this country who voted for brexit
unlike your little Westminster bubble
love that man and you are representing
him it's a great shame it's disgraceful
to do anything like this and you know
what you say on this cope City I want to
show people with this clip just quickly
watch this if President Trump does come
to London he will see a city that's very
comfortable being diverse a city where
diversity is our strength
where there are people different
backgrounds different ethnicities
different religions but just getting on
with each other but getting on very well
with each other in the same family in
the same business in the same political
party and I hope if he does come he
reflects the difference good leadership
can make laughter wait see if he comes
we've got a great history in a city of
protest it should be peaceful we've got
a great history in our city of bringing
about change by protest the key thing is
right be lawful Fred to be peaceful and
I've no doubt that if he does come
there'll be some people who want to
express their views loudly and
peacefully to the president so you say
people are comfortable with being
diverse now again you live in this this
bubble in London where you think
everything is fine I mean you can afford
to live somewhere decent I'm sure you
can afford security when you need it but
there's people that live in the most
diverse areas in London which happen to
be some of their poorest and the some of
the most violent areas ask those people
that live there just how comfortable
they are with diversity
mr. Sadiq Khan ask the families of the
people who've been killed in stabbing
and shooting attacks by gang warfare in
London and ask them just how comfortable
they are with being diverse and then ask
yourself is it worth trying to make this
stupid point about how great diversity
is by sending people out to the street
to protest the President of the United
States when you've got these serious
problems to be dealing with do you want
to be adding more violence to the
streets clearly you do but you know what
I'm so happy this is happening I am so
happy that mr. president Trump is
arriving on our shores I would say if
people want to go to London to counter
protests to the left by all means do it
but be careful I know what you're going
to face though if you turn up in one of
these or a badge you know anything if
you turn up with an American flag yep
you're probably going to be attacked so
be very careful and by the way don't
expect the police to help you in Sadiq
Khan's London the only thing that
matters is if you agree with him if
you're on board with his utopian vision
of a diverse London that hates Trump we
know not everybody's on board so if you
go be careful but if you don't go show
support online why not mr. Trump needs
to hear from normal people of England
that people respect him that people
understand that nationalist policies are
not inherently evil and can actually
benefit a country and he needs to know
that London is not representative of
this entire country if you like that and
want to see more remember to like and
subscribe and download the new rebel app
from the Apple App Store and the Google
Play Store
you
