this is about bands
many many laws were broken in the Waffle
House water many many laws are broken in
the Toronto Massacre here with a van
laws don't prevent rhymes interdiction
prevents crimes profiling and monitoring
prevent crime good guy with guns on the
scene the guys with guns on the scene
prevent crimes
I've often told you on the show Burano
attacks and this one well those are the
ones that keep me up at night because
you've got an actor by all indications
not on any law-enforcement radar
clean driving record Bose and rent a van
people Wrentham all day long I've got a
Home Depot you can go to Burt Sigma two
Penske you can go to ride or you can go
to enterprise and Rena van people
renovate their homes they have
businesses you need vans nothing in and
of itself suspicious about a 25 year old
guy running a van
and then he decides to go and use it as
a weapon and massacre ten people wound
fifteen others more many very seriously
can't stop that and we have to start
being intellectually honest with
ourselves and others that we live in a
world where evil has happened since the
beginning of time it has always happened
it will always happen and there's very
little we can do to prevent these
one-off attacks with no indications of
anything the worst thing we can do is
knee-jerk react and and demand
legislation that's about the absolute
worst thing we can do
but of course that's what's happening
here in America now thankfully we're not
seeing calls for bans or pro Kony and
regulations yet in Canada but here in
America the chorus of gun control over
the Waffle House shooting is again
starting when federal gun laws were
broken eight laws on murder were broken
state laws on indecency were broken
because guy was walking around nude
state laws on trespassing we're broken
you can argue burglary statutes applied
in many states the definition of
burglary is knowingly enter remain
unlawfully with the intent to commit a
crime inside
well you don't steal something killing
people is is certainly more serious than
that but many many laws were broken in
the Waffle House and not the least of
which was Ryan Kings father Travis Brian
King the suspects father giving him a
gun like knowing he was a prohibited
person let's start enforcing those laws
first and reversing gun-free zone
policies places like Waffle House
Tennessee LSU state many many people in
Tennessee carry firearms
why would Waffle House and the carrying
of those firearms by the good guys it
doesn't make any sense to me I'm not
saying that's the panacea but guys with
guns are not the panacea security is a
multi-layered approach I tell you all
the time but let's not take common-sense
elements away like arming good guys like
eliminating gun-free zones when bad guys
can freely walk in
let's return to common sense and let's
move away from knee-jerk reaction Airi
legislation and regulate this is all
really important content I want to bring
it to you every single day so help me do
that by subscribing to our premium
service at WWWE forward slash shows
