so it's just a list of people they think
will get clicks this time 100 they have
a pop star named cardi B for the boomers
who have no clue who cardi B is they
also have Nicole Kidman on their top
list of 100 is she really one of the 100
most influential people in the whole
world how about Jimmy Kimmel he's on the
list too he's a left-wing late-night
talk-show host he hosted the Oscars this
year and they had their lowest ratings
in history sort of like Time magazine
has his lowest audience in memory how is
Jimmy Kimmel one of the most influential
people in the world well it's simple I
think they were chosen by the hundred
names most likely to get a range of
people to click on time com something
people don't normally do I mean maybe
Jimmy Kimmel would bench in time on his
show if he's on their 100 list right do
you get my point
it's not a real list of anything other
than what some Time magazine social
media editor thinks is fun or clickable
it's just a list and the Internet has
millions of lists there are some lists
lists accounts Nobel Prize winners I
suppose but being Prime Minister of
Canada is a pretty amazing achievement
in itself we're a great country leading
it is a reward in itself if you're
Canada's Prime Minister you don't need
the validation of some editor in New
York City you have the validation of
millions of Canadians you have the
authority of our institutions our
Parliament our government you're part of
international organizations like NATO
and NAFTA and the Commonwealth just to
name a few so that's my first point
imagine the Prime Minister's key aide
his senior staffer his principal
secretary his lifelong friend actually
caring enough about this little list to
write a serious tweet boasting about it
not as a joke he meant it he brags about
this sort of thing all the time actually
that's pitiful it shows Trudeau's
shallowness
you'd think Trudeau and his staff would
be a bit chastened would be downplaying
the social media celebrity thing a bit
since is does
Tripta India that was all about selfies
and pictures but turn into a major
international incident Trudeau has been
a major failure on substance lately
the trans mountain pipeline Fiasco with
it which is both a multi-billion dollar
jobs fiasco and a constitutional failure
the India diplomatic incident then the
NAFTA breakdown Donald Trump has
literally served us notice that he is
cancelling NAFTA but Trudeau's dancing
his worries away there is dancing
dancing I think it's particularly
pitiful and so classically Justin
Trudeau that he obsesses over foreign
validation it's not even a Canadian
magazine Time magazine he he just needs
to feel approval he knows he can have a
fawning coverage from Canadian
journalists on demand especially the
government journalists at the CBC state
broadcaster so he craves anything like
Time magazine since it's proof in his
mind that he's okay after all that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Azrael
avance show no one leaves behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
