California kids are honoring Barbara
Bush Hillary Clinton is tanking fast and
a first lady once had an unlikely
friendship with one of the Simpsons all
of that today on the rebel buzz here in
California it sure is hard to keep my
chin up sure
we've got beaches and sunshine and the
Hollywood Walk of Fame but that hardly
negates the depressing elements that our
commie liberals idiot celebrities and a
culture of Californication that spreads
venereal diseases almost just by
thinking about it it's a dirty place
with dirty people and in every big city
in this godforsaken state you can't walk
in a straight line down a sidewalk
without having to step over a bodily
limb poking out from a tent but not all
of California is that way and not all
Californians are the same for instance a
group of college kids who in an effort
to send a message and a proverbial
middle finger to Fresno State professor
Randall sure are are hosting a memorial
for the late first lady barbara Bush at
Fresno State the California College
Republicans are hosting their memorial
and have invited Randa gerar although
it's likely she won't accept it's
abundantly clear from her tweets that
graciousness is not one of her greatest
assets maybe not one of her assets at
all all right moving on to politics in
Hillary Clinton I know I know a lot of
you say why are we still talking about
Hillary Clinton why I will tell you why
because she forces us to because every
second of press attention every mention
of her in the media every moment she
clings to her dimming ghost of political
past it quoits to a lesser chance of
Democrats taking the House of
Representatives in the fall historically
the end party typically loses seats in
the midterms following a presidential
election that means that it is our turn
to lose our hats so we will be watching
closely the red pockets surrounding
solidly Democrat held cities like Orange
County California New Jersey Miami and
suburbs around NYC Chicago Denver
Philadelphia and Minneapolis but those
seats
even if picked up by Democrats across
the board will not yield the net gain of
24 seats required
take the house and the likelihood that
Democrats can take all of those seats or
even most of them diminishes every time
Hillary Clinton opens that hole on her
face her lying hole her mouth I don't
like making frivolous assumptions about
any person's sanity but with her
popularity declining each time she makes
a public appearance it's not a long walk
for a short drink of water to assume
that something isn't working properly in
that head of hers
either that or she's invoking the sunk
cost fallacy where she feels that she's
invested too much in her political
career that she's I guess hoping and
praying that she can recover some of her
loss but the numbers for poor old
Hillary do not look good a Wall Street
Journal NBC News poll found that a
measly 27% of respondents had a very or
somewhat positive view of the former
candidate for the Oval Office and that's
at least 10 points lower than president
Trump's current standing depending on
whose poll you stack it up against and
if last summer she thought life couldn't
get much worse she was wrong because
she's three points lower in popularity
than she was back then now Hillary
Clinton all about crashing through the
glass ceiling of course unfortunately
for her she needed a jackhammer in a
backhoe to dig even deeper from rock
bottom on a lighter note and to finish
off the rebel bust today did you know
that Barbara Bush and Marge Simpson
we're friends yep it didn't start off
that way it was shaky ground to begin
with but when Barbara Bush was first
lady she was on record saying that the
Simpsons was the dumbest thing she'd
ever seen a sentiment echoed by her
President George HW Bush which
understandably hurt Marge Simpson's
feelings that prompted the cartoon
mother to send a letter to the first
lady expressing her feelings in the
letter poor Marge told Bush she was
deeply hurt by the criticism of her
family she said I always believed in my
heart that we had a great deal in common
I hope there is some way out of this
controversy that sentiment deeply
touched the first lady who then
responded in a letter how kind of you to
write I am glad you spoke your mind I
foolishly didn't know you had one
please forgive a loose tongue adding PS
Homer looks like a
some fella she also said she was looking
at a cup with the Simpsons family on it
and she liked how much Marge cared for
her family instead of trading insults
online maybe if we go back to old
fashioned pen and paper we might find
more humanity in each other and more to
like thanks so much everybody for
watching have a great weekend I'm Amanda
head for the rebel if you enjoyed my
commentary and want to hear more from
all of us here at the rebels subscribe
to our premium content at
www.affordablecomm.com
