I got a reader tip on this old clip of
Al Gore testifying before the US Senate
in 1992 right before the Rio art summit
no one had this that Gore flip-flopped
on call and any slips left out a lot of
other issues notably pro-life issues and
other things but there was nothing in
the record I did extensive searches so
what you're about to see it's the first
time that you know we've actually
documented this I'm clean coal and I'm
coal in general for Al Gore okay let's
take a look not on coal we should be
taking the lead in the development of
clean coal technologies and if you look
at the Japanese this strategy which is
incredibly comprehensive and elaborate
they are also now seizing the lead on
carbon sequestration technology so we're
going to be using coal for a very long
time and neither Kentucky nor Tennessee
need have much concern about that the
question is how we can use it more
efficiently how we can create jobs in
the process of developing the new
technologies that enable us to continue
using it well yeah I mean that's when he
was representing Tennessee which is of
course his home state me was talking
about Kentucky there
I mean coal it's been displaced somewhat
by natural gas but coal is what fuels
America it's what created the industrial
revolution in the United Kingdom two and
a half centuries ago and it is what is
keeping the lights on through much of
Europe frankly Germany is getting in a
coal pole it's getting into cold they're
not getting out of it
coals being demonized though hasn't it
mark it has been and it's not only
keeping the lights and it's keeping
people alive during these brutal
European winters you know for work for
all the green energy mandates are offset
because at least they have coal still
you better parent Lee hair throughout
Europe but what's interesting about the
note and the historical context of this
is Al Gore was running for
vice-president he was already on build
Bill Clinton's ticket when he made this
a statement it was right before the Rio
Earth Summit and what I will submit to
as you show the next clip says right
this is the camels nose in the tent
metaphorically he's trying to make the
climate agenda just sound painless no
problem don't people in Kentucky and
Tennessee
have no fear in just 15 years later
President Obama comes in and says we
will bankrupt the coal industry his EPA
comes in and starts literally shutting
down the industry because of global
agenda Al Gore was deceiving knowing
full well that he just wanted to get the
agenda forward trying to get the Rio
Earth Summit started which would lead to
the Kyoto Protocol which would lead to
the Paris agreement it started the whole
framework he was no dummy he knows what
he's doing tell people in Tennessee in
Kentucky they don't have to worry if we
could go back in time you'd say oh you
have to worry coal was very much at
threat regardless of what Al Gore was
claiming at the time that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levante
show normally it's behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube if you want to
subscribe to watch the daily show every
day including always two interviews
today and I read my hate mail just click
on this screen and become a Premium
Member
you
