the left ruins everything Barbies are
fat shaming the NFL is racist trophies
are bad because it hurts people's
feelings and a great movie shouldn't be
praised because the cast is too white
it's pro-life and shows a traditional
family ho the left
I've been Davies this is pure ollywood
where we go any further spoilers ahead a
quiet place has been a huge box-office
success as well as receiving great
praise from critics and viewers alike
however the more devoted left is trying
to instill their own horror into the
mind of future writers and producers who
would dare not stay in line with their
own virtuous delusions The New Yorker
released a little piece entitled the
silently regressive politics of a quiet
place and it went on to say quote a
quiet place is the widest since the
release of three billboards outside
Epping Missouri and as horror films go
it is the antithesis of get out heaven
forbid there is a movie involving one
white family fighting for survival and
doesn't take time to force in the quirky
biracial uncle or the sexually ambiguous
Korean love affair you know to keep the
progressive marriage up to date and most
importantly the Pakistani choirboy who
identifies as a girl who beats the
monsters by believing in his or her self
CollegeHumor asks the big question why
didn't they just abort the baby the real
horror for every left is watching this
movie was seeing a family fight for the
preservation of life itself in their
minds the solution would have been
simple a child would have hindered their
dreams and careers his dream of being a
stay at home soy blogger her dream of
becoming a Deepwoods bodybuilder and
then getting a bachelor's degree in
absolutely nothing and then becoming the
CEO of an now abandoned fortune 500
company then they could finally have the
isolated slow death together as old age
boredom and lack of purpose finally take
them both but hey they didn't have a
baby so who and the very first critic to
give this movie a bad review complained
about the gender roles portrayed on
screen because I'm sure every man would
rather have his wife fight an
indestructible monster and hunt and fish
risking her life at every turn actually
that sounds exactly like what you'd get
from every single Los Angeles soy boy so
forget about the widespread praise
forget about the box office success and
the transcendent message of protecting
providing and sacrificing for your
family and rather make another force
left this fairy tale that is sure to be
a box-office bomb no absolutely not if
you haven't seen a quiet place and go
see it it's awesome I'm Ben Davies this
is pure Hollywood in awesome news like
super awesome news you can now download
the rebel media app and take me with you
and have access to the entire rebel
lineup
you
