let me introduce you to Fresno State
professor Randy girar who after former
first lady barbara Bush passed away
tweeted that she is happy the witch is
dead yes again this is the professor who
called Barbara Bush a witch
let's take a look not even a few hours
after Barbara Bush passed away on
Tuesday Fresno State professor Randy
Jarrar called her an amazing racist who
raised a war criminal and then said PSA
either you are against these pieces of
 in their genocide always or you're
part of the problem that's actually how
simple this is know what's really simple
Randa is that it's not a public service
to shove your ad homonyms and baseless
demonization down people's throats
Jarrar continues I'm happy the witch is
dead can't wait for the rest of her
family to fall to their demise the way
1.5 million Iraqis have by now
professors have free speech short but
what about the freedom of students the
problem with comments like these is that
you can bet Jarrar would punish or has
punished students who say anything
remotely pro-bush and if that's a
microaggression praising trump would
probably be what a macro aggression the
professor bragged I work as a tenured
professor I make 100k a year doing that
I will never be fired I will always have
people wanting to hear what I have to
say I think she means she'll always have
people who are forced to hear what she
has to say because of a policy that
prohibits Fresno State from firing her
no matter how popular she is though not
necessarily a Fresno State had been
clarified that tenured professors still
could be fired but didn't elaborate on
how anyway after getting some feedback
on her scholar and critique the
professor tweeted out what she claimed
was her phone number but was actually
the number for a crisis hotline at
another university because the
compassionate left really cares about
people who are suicidal and actually
need help Randa eventually set her
Twitter to private and at first posted
that she was on leave in her profile but
later deleted it probably to save face
now this isn't the first time a Fresno
State professor has gone a bit cuckoo
for cocoa puffs on Twitter remember
history professor Lars mace check who
tweeted to save democracy Trump must
hang
and justice equals the execution of two
Republicans for each deported immigrants
he got deported out of Fresno State for
a bit but eventually returned sometimes
you weasel out just a few more teaspoons
of irony from these situations by
looking at these professors fields of
study for instance Dartmouth professor
mark Bray who despite not being able to
define fast ism seems to be pretty pro
ante foe he's a historian of human
rights and terrorism
now drawer doesn't appreciate Barbara
Bush and is an English professor what
was arguably the former First Lady's
greatest accomplishment spreading
literacy to kids around the nation I
know people often say this sarcastically
but won't somebody please think of the
children because something tells me
gerar isn't for campus unmasked I'm Rob
shim shock if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
