if you think it's bad here you should
see what's going on in European
countries that Americans think of as
super peaceful a new story in Politico
says that grenade attacks have become a
part of daily life in Sweden rape and
sexual harassment are surging hundreds
of residents tramped off to join Isis
and last year in Stockholm a Muslim
extremist murdered five people by
plowing his stolen truck into the city's
iconic department store Katie Hopkins is
a colonist with rebel media great to
have you with us
Katie Sweden is in a hell of a state
basically people's perception of Sweden
is about 40 years out-of-date now that's
so true you know people still imagine
Sweden as this idyllic place lots of
mountains snow topped mountains you know
everybody's skipping down the street
with their cocktails and I was there
quite recently and I found it to be a
very hostile place indeed I went to walk
the no-go zones there's about 62 no-go
zones now in Sweden where the police
fear to go where the ambulances can't
respond to emergencies and where fire
engines have to be taken by police
because the fire engines are attacked
so really the gangs are establishing
themselves they're keeping the police
out and hand grenades which you can buy
for as little as thirty dollars are
being used as a kind of warning device
for each gang to keep those people out
now you mention those no-go zones every
time we mention these on Fox the
government's in Europe indignantly deny
they exist so there's we should say
their unofficial no-go zones I went to -
the - one of them in in Rosengard where
the sort of lone police station is like
an armed fortress you can dial nobody's
home if you ever had to actually go to
the police for anything you can't get in
the building
Sweden has undergone and may it was
basically an ethnically homogenous
society in which Swedes are predicted to
become a minority in their own country
by 2050 that's an extraordinary
demographic transformation they took you
know there's a population of about 10
million Swedes and they are you know
irritatingly enough swedish people are
exceptionally good-looking and that
really annoys me but anyway they took
this very perfect population and they
brought in a hundred and seventy
thousand migrants and those migrants
were from countries that we know about
we know the sorts of things that goes on
in those countries and then we wonder
why is it that Sweden has turned into a
place where Swedes themselves are
desperate to leave I hear stories all
the time of Swedes that want to get out
of Sweden because it's too violent
Norway says it doesn't want to become
Sweden and what really bugs me is the
media will not be honest about it they
talk about these individuals these
migrants they talk about them as the new
Swedes well guess what you can't take
Mohammed stick a blonde wig on him a
name badge that says off and turn him
into a Swede it doesn't work like that
no it's it's interesting and it's
particularly hard on the women I mean I
talked to a young lady in ER stationed
and some girls who'd been sexually
assaulted at a pop concert there's this
an incredible level of sexual assault
going on now in a country that we think
of as I said as still being far more
peaceful than the United States of the
UK or most other countries yes and we
should stop thinking that way you know
that's not naive to think that way we've
imported half of the Middle East to
Sweden and as a result the men there
particularly are behaving like men in
the Middle East 43 percent of rapes that
happen happen to children in that
country and it has the second highest
rate of any country in Europe and the
great news from all of this if we look
for a positive is that remember they
will have elections and in September the
Liberals will be forced out and actually
the Conservatives yes really UK
we'll be it we have to leave it there
Katie thanks thanks for coming on
