prior to the passage of this important
bill we will find that on campuses there
will be small designated confined areas
that were free speech zones where you
know I'd run the audience to know
Demetrius is understating what he's
describing to you I went to the Florida
Atlantic University campus in Boca a
couple of years back when they were
playing with this idea and it was
literally a sliver of grass it was like
something you would see that what they
call a tree pit that little piece of
grass and dirt on a sidewalk where they
plant a small tree that's where they
expected students to exercise their free
speech right three trees am I kidding
about this they were really small I'll
take it a step further John Florida
State University and I'm using them in
this example because they're located
only blocks away from the Capitol in
Tallahassee
yep they were one of the worst areas or
one of the worst school they had one of
the worst ratings for free speech Wow
what would be will have this area when
you can advocate you can protest you can
talk about what you believe in but it's
a small area first of all it is not
really visible to the student body and
it's not as a place where you're kind of
shut out from whatever is going on
around campus and this is
unconstitutional
I think they stick it on the fringes
sort of out of sight out of mind I don't
really believe in this we have to do it
let's stick them over here on the
outskirts of the school I also want an
important point out an important factor
here this has to do with the outdoor
areas of campus this has nothing to do
with inside the reason I bring this up
is because the left and people who
oppose this the common thing that they
always brought up in opposition was
Richard Spencer who first of all when he
went to UF he really was not wanted by
the student body second of all she was
in an inside area and the rented space
that has nothing to do with free speech
zones I'm just bringing that up because
the less oh listen it's a really
important let you did because most
people don't understand the nuances of
these bills and it's it's critically
important to understand that you weren't
asking for an intrusion into spaces
inside the school to disrupt classrooms
all you guys were asking for was a
viable piece of outdoor real estate that
was visible that was accessible and that
could hold more than three people well
we're just asking that the state of
Florida adhere to the Constitution exist
you know what you're right you're right
I retract you you just want the state of
Florida to adhere to the First Amendment
the entire campus body the entire state
of Florida in the United States for that
matter it's a free speech zone
that's what what's very humorous about
this is that in my testimony to the
Florida Senate in the house and and
every time someone would question me a
question at those who are in support of
the bill they'll always ask where are
you in favor of Richard Spencer white
nationalists and KKK now John I don't
know if you noticed lately but I've been
black for 32 years you know you're a
little you're a little backlit I didn't
know if it was a silhouette or but right
I mean but isn't that a ridiculous I
mean let me ask you a question Demetrius
I feel spokesperson for the KKK
apparently exactly and I mean it's but
let me ask you a question don't you
don't you as a young black man and I
even hate to use that that description
but it applies here doesn't it offend
you that they would try to insult your
intelligence by dragging that out and
and concealed a broader issue that you
were there as a First Amendment Crusader
a non-partisan constitutional Crusader I
mean isn't that offensive to you you
know John I've been involved with
politics and policy for quite some time
so during that time you do have to
garner all up a thick skin right it
doesn't offend me but what it just shows
the height of arrogance in the height of
ignorance for people to always go back
to the race card to regurgitate false
claims of racism and suppression just
because there's a point of view that is
opposed and differs from them instead of
having a good intellectual honest debate
an exchange of ideas and perspective
there's always falling back to the
proverbial race card every time that
someone says something that doesn't
agree you know I always
agree with you and I'll take it a step
further I mean you're being far more
eloquent than I'll be but I like it when
one of the things I love about the First
Amendment right is that it allows morons
and Nazis and racists to expose
themselves far better than I could ever
do on air I'm the biggest proponent of
letting anyone say anything they want
because there is no better way to judge
someone's character than why what comes
out of their mouth when they're left to
their own devices why would anyone ever
want to limit that if you're if you're
intellectually honest and you're
fearless why wouldn't you want the
person you most disagree with if you if
you truly feel they're a racist there
any a Nazi there whatever you may want
to label them why wouldn't you want them
to put their position out there for the
world to judge look like you John I
believe that you have the right to be a
moron an idiot and also you do to expose
it listen at one point in time American
heroes and icons such as Martin Luther
King jr. Rosa Parks think about think of
the civil rights movement right okay at
one point in time they were deemed
controversial that's vision their speech
was label radical and extreme but where
where would our nation be where would
our nation be where would our country be
where were the generations that followed
them be if it wasn't for that
controversial free speech I want to keep
bringing you this really important
content every day so help me do that by
subscribing to our premium service at
WWWE forward slash shows also go to your
App Store download the outstanding rebel
app
