li I see a bit of a pattern here
I see Justin Trudeau given ten million
bucks to Omar Khadr and then ten million
east to three other Muslims who were in
some way linked to terrorism and claim
they weren't so that's 40 million there
we see more lawsuits we've seen Trudeau
hanging out with that fella who took his
pregnant wife to Afghanistan
Joshua Boyle I think is his name came
back to Canada Trudeau met with him even
while he was under police investigation
he's being subsequently charged time and
again Trudeau seems to make this same
mistake I mean once is a mistake twice
as you know carelessness but how many
times does Trudeau and his team Chum
around with people like this before it's
fair to say these guys are plain old
soft on terrorism well you know you can
contrast this now he he was very quick
to meet with Joshua Boyle and his family
despite the investigation that was
ongoing and in less than two weeks after
after that meeting Boyle was charged
initially with 15 charges now with 19 he
was quick to you know invite mr. Atwal
to events that he was attending to have
a picture with his wife and other
ministers he has an MP running around
talking about a man that that supports
Assad and supports Palestinian
terrorists as as her ally and and
bringing greetings from the Prime
Minister himself now let's contrast this
with two Canadians that were beheaded in
the Philippines
Robert hull and Johnston stow wisdom
those families spent months months
trying to get a meeting with the prime
minister and it was back and forth and
can't do it and might be able to do it
and under this condition in that
condition
Allison a czar whose children were taken
out of the country by her husband
despite her best efforts in the courts
to prevent it took weeks to get a
meeting with Justin Trudeau and when she
did he lied to her face about
what he was gonna do to help her resolve
the case when these children were in
Iraq and eventually in Iran so let's put
some perspective here and in Hui he's
quick to meet and who he ago she AIT's
over weeks and months to meet victims
take months people that are either
criminal in nature have dodgy
backgrounds have been convicted of
attempted murder or who support
terrorists seemed to magically appear in
his office and in photos in a heartbeat
there's something wrong here
what's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show no one leaves
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
