Canada's natural resources ministers
spending big money to be liked on
Facebook you know it's just another day
in Canada's socks and selfies
administration an order paper question
asked by Conservative MP Harold Albrecht
revealed the extreme levels of vanity of
Canada's Natural Resources Minister Jim
Carr Albrecht's question also showed us
all the total costs of Jim cars vanity
don't worry Jim isn't paying for this
you all are this is the question
Albrecht asked with regard to the
purchase of likes on Facebook by
government departments agencies Crown
corporations or other government
entities since January 1st 2016 a what
are the details of all such purchases
including a mount date number of likes
purchased title of page or post which
received the likes and B what is the
total expenditures for these likes
across all departments no taxpayer
dollars were spent on the purchase of
Facebook Likes during that time with the
exclusion of Natural Resources Canada
now here is their departments response
the department showed two separate
purchases the first purchase was from
October 23rd to November 6th 2017
Natural Resources Canada spent thirty
five hundred dollars to buy twenty six
hundred and sixty eight Facebook Likes
for a post about Energy Star Canada on
their english-language page now at the
very same time for the same post but on
their french language page Natural
Resources Canada spent fifteen hundred
dollars to buy another nine hundred and
forty three likes that's a total of
5,000 Canadian taxpayer dollars to buy
thirty six hundred and eleven Facebook
Likes now for those of you keeping track
at home that's a buck 38 for each and
every fake Facebook like now this is
completely indicative of just how
shallow and gross and misdirected the
Liberals are they spent five thousand
dollars to make themselves seem puppy
and liked on Facebook these are deeply
unserious people but we know it's the
theme of this government you know
spending money on glamour projects like
a Bollywood vacation while Canadians are
suffering back at home and Jim Carr
he's the worst Natural Resources
Minister since Mark Lalande who brought
in the National Energy Program on behalf
of our current prime ministers late
father and as you know I totally
disagree with what Mark lo'laan did at
the time but or at least he was you know
doing like some thing Jim Carr is inept
ineffectual and absent when it comes to
advocating for Canadian pipelines and
getting Canadian natural resources off
to international markets actually Jim
Carr's worse than inept
ineffectual and absent because those
words would imply that he's trying just
not trying hard enough or trying well
enough Jim Carr is so ineffectual that I
think he's completely given up I think
he's checked right out I mean he
recruited Zoey Karen as his chief of
staff she effectively runs the Natural
Resources Ministry and she's formerly of
the World Wildlife Fund where she worked
with Gerald Butz
Trudeau's chief adviser these days Jim
Carr can't get anything done he can't
get a pipeline built and he's failing
Alberta and all of Canada at the same
time he is awful at his job but Carr
knows what the most important thing is
and it's not even really being liked or
really being popular instead it's having
others think that you're liked and think
that you're popular and Jim Carr is
willing to spend your money to help him
live in his illusion of being good at
his job for the rebel media I'm Shiela
gonna read what she just saw there was
my daily rebel video but I also have my
own weekly full-length show where I
talked to interesting guests about
issues facing Canadian families but to
get access to my show and the rest of
our excellent premium content you have
to become a rebel subscriber today
you
