I'm at the Edmonton courthouse today I'm
covering the final submissions in the
Syrian refugee West Edmonton Mall world
water park sexual assault trial Suliman
hajj suleman is a 39 year old syrian
refugee and father of five
he's also standing accused of six counts
of sexual interference and another six
counts of sexual assault against six
girls aged 13 to 15 the charges stem
from a series of gropings and sexual
assaults that took place at Edmonton's
West Edmonton Mall world waterpark
February 4th 2017 and like during the
trial the accused today required full
Arabic to English word-for-word
translation so Court takes much longer
than it normally should and I was joined
in court today by one CVC reporter the
prosecution's closing argument focused
on the positive identifications from the
minor victims the police officers the
security guards at the water park and
the lifeguards as well as one other
unrelated witness to the incidents from
the water park all of them identified
the accused at trial from the stand and
all of them described the accused on the
day of the incident as a brown or olive
skinned man with a beard and blue swim
trunks and goggles the defense's closing
focused on the possibility of a false
identification of the accused despite
the very similar descriptions given by
all of the witnesses the defense pointed
to inconsistencies in the descriptions
of the length of the man's beard the
length of his hair and the specific
shade of the swim trunks he wore now
that's the legal wrangling part of the
story today but there is an uplifting
story here today too for much of the two
weeks of the trial at the end of January
and at the beginning of February I was
the lone reporter in the courtroom and
with the exception of one or two other
people the folks from zebra child
protection services Haj Solomon's
rotating cadre of six white liberal
do-gooders the courtroom was by and
large empty
but not today friends the courtroom was
so full of supporters for these six
girls that we had to switch to a larger
courtroom there were of course the same
six white liberal do-gooder supporting
the accused today but there were about
10 of the family members of the girls
here today - and about 30 or so bikers
men and women who showed up in force and
in their biker regalia to show support
for the girls and their families one
woman I spoke to said that she had
learned that no one had been here for
the girls during the trial and so she
felt compelled to show up today I spoke
to Clint Goodrich outside the courtroom
he's the president of the local chapter
for the guardians of the children Canada
he told me that he was not here to
intimidate anyone rather his group came
to show support for the girls to offer
them strength and to help give them
confidence by sitting in the gallery as
they faced the accused I also spoke to
Vinnie Wilcox he's the president of the
urban Bulldogs against kid abuse he told
me he was contacted through a mutual
friend of one of the moms of the child
victims and he and his organization came
down to be here today just for the girls
both told men told me their
organizations work with victim services
with little warriors and the zebra Child
Protection Agency and they routinely
fundraise to help organizations focused
on helping child victims of abuse both
men also told me their respective
organizations are nonprofits and that
they are just here for the kids and no
one else the way Big Brothers and Big
Sisters should be personally as someone
who sat here alone in that courtroom for
a long long time it was really
overwhelming to see everybody when I
swung the doors open today so that's the
good news part of this story the bad
news is that we don't have a verdict yet
and we won't have a verdict until at
least July 6th so this trial that
started at the end of January will drag
out for at least another two and a half
months the wheels of justice dragged
slowly but I'll be here to bring you the
verdict when it comes
reporting from outside of the Edmonton
courthouse for the raveled media I'm
Sheila Gunn read at the rebel we cover
the stories the mainstream media just
absolutely refuses to to support our
independent unfiltered journalism become
a rebel subscriber today
you
