president Trump's attorney Michael Cohen
was in court yesterday I'm gonna tell
you why now if you've been watching the
show you know that I think the case
against president Trump's attorney
Michael Cohen
is pretty disgraceful raiding a lawyer's
office in seizing privileged material
that pertains to clients that have
nothing to do with any matters
pertaining to what Robert Muller rod
Rosenstein and the rest of the corrupt
cabal are looking into whatever bogus
investigations they have going is beyond
egregious well we found out yesterday
that Sean Hannity from Fox News was also
a client of Michael Cohen and presumably
presumably materials pertaining to Sean
Hannity were also grabbed up now both
parties the government and mr. Cohen's
attorneys were in federal court in
Manhattan yesterday they were trying to
sort out who will be the first to review
the information seized by the FBI now
you'd have to trust that Robert HollyRod
Rosenstein Christopher ray and all these
other people are honest actors Peter
strop Lisa page and the FBI isn't
already looking at the material seized
in Cullen's office now this from the New
York Times I don't like the idea of the
government deciding whether or not
materials are privileged because once
something is seen it can't be unseen I
don't like the idea that a team of FBI
agents they're supposed to be impartial
and have nothing to do with the matter
at hand you could fly them in from Idaho
if it's a matter in New York City or
Washington DC but let's be realistic
they all work for the same agency people
know each other people talk and again
those agents can't unsee what they've
seen if one of those agencies something
and then they're transferred to the New
York field office they're going to have
a predisposed bias could one of the
parties who was a client of mr. Cohen
ever have any kind of questionable
dealings that require FBI intervention
whether they be innocent or not there is
a predisposed biased very very dangerous
now
this is where this entire case gets
problematic also from the times the
documents could shed light on on the
president's relationship with a lawyer
who has helped navigate some of mr.
Trump's thorniest personal and business
problems that's insanity
what right does the government have you
shed light on the relationship between a
lawyer and a client when that lawyer
navigated legal issues for their client
this is chilling this goes to the heart
of everything wrong with the Muller
investigation with today's DOJ with
today's FBI and this puts a spike
through the heart of the Constitution
lawyer-client privilege is sacred now
we're saying well if it's if it's
michael cohen and donald trump ah we
don't like those guys let's find out
what they're really up to let's pierce
the privileged veil let's go dig it into
their private communications this is
just unheard of now mr. Cohen's lawyers
in the filing that was filed yesterday
in federal court mr. Cohen's lawyers
claimed that agents from the FBI seized
more than a dozen electronic devices
during the raids some of which they
added contained information that had
nothing to do with the investigation the
lawyers also acknowledged that mr. Cohen
had once represented Eliot broidy the
deputy finance chair of the Republican
National Committee now broidy resigned
on Friday after reports emerged that mr.
Cohen helped him make a 1.6 million
dollar payment to a former Playboy model
with whom Brody had an affair now again
so what that's what lawyers do for
wealthy clients they negotiate
settlements that's their job it's not
improper it's not illegal what bothers
me more about this case is that they're
admitting that this case has to do with
Michael Cohen potentially paying off
stormy Daniels again so what it's what
lawyers do for their clients they
negotiate settlements this would never
never happened to a Democrat never
happened now
this has nothing to do with the legality
of criminality I don't believe there was
any there
I believe that Robert Muller was
embarrassed
Robert Muller was embarrassed because
they had misidentified Michael Cohen as
having gone to Prague and engaging in
collusion with the Russians they messed
up it was a different Michael Cohen
Michael Cohen Trump's lawyer was able to
prove that he was in Los Angeles with
his son looking at colleges that we're
offering baseball scholarships that he
had never been to Prague
there are facebook photos time-stamped
photos of Michael Cohen with his son in
in Los Angeles when they're claiming he
was in Prague people at the universities
spoke to them saw them socialize with
them eat with them but that's not enough
work for Muller and and his band of
framers what Michael Cohen has in law
enforcement is called an ironclad
airtight alibi the evidence shows
clearly that he was in Los Angeles not
doesn't matter doesn't matter to Muller
in team this is when I say bings are
beyond bad this is beyond beyond bad
beyond beyond bad it's as bad as it gets
now the
Sean Hannity revelation is only done for
one reason and politico's running with
it and Fox News is running with it and
CNN's having a field day with it that's
done to embarrass Sean Hannity because
he's a surrogate of the President and
shame on Judge would shame on judge
Kimbell Wood for doing this shame on her
or Singh forcing Michael Cohen's
attorneys to disclose who his other
clients are this is so just wrong this
is so wrong everyone involved in this
everyone involved in this should be
censured some should be prosecuted and I
have zero confidence zero confidence
that Michael Cohen is gonna be given a
fair shake because I'm gonna tell you
things about judge Kimbell wood that are
gonna really infuriate you and I'm gonna
tell you all about this judge on my
longer show off-the-cuff Declassified
today right here on the rebel this is
very important content this is very
important it goes to the heart of our
republic and i want to be able to bring
it to you every day but please subscribe
to our premium service at www
go to the App Store download our
outstanding rebel app go to fire Scott
Israel comm and sign our petition and as
always if you've done those things and I
hope you get them all thank you very
much thank you so much for watching I'll
see you tomorrow
