I saw a little story about this in the
Edmonton Journal - just a dad a regular
guy Samuel Campbell is his name
ordinary fellow works in the oil patch
and amitin not a politician went to a
school play with his daughter his
daughter had a speaking role in the
place so he want to be there here's what
he wrote on LinkedIn it's just a normal
guy he said yesterday I went to a school
play in Eman said my daughter's in grade
4 the school had trickster theater
through a program funded by the Alberta
provincial government work with the kids
to develop mini play themes and content
in the play the kids sabotage the
factory in the name of climate change
and then went on to save Alberta from
its evil oil industry and greedy oil
barons exactly what I want my daughter
to be taught to be an uninformed
eco-terrorist thanks for nothing escuela
Mill Creek school his own daughter was
being taught to demonize her own family
her dad even Campbell told some more
details of it to the Edmonton Journal
let me read from the journal he said
this is where the journal says in his
daughters skit for the grade 4 class she
had the line we have to save Alberta
Campbell wondered what was threatening
Alberta this was quickly answered by one
of the adult performers from the evil
oil industry and greedy oil barons moon
reads some more because the school board
itself sent out a spin-doctor to defend
this play quote in response to Campbell
both trickster theater and the school
board stressed that while the theater
company organized the skits it was the
children themselves who came up with the
specific messages yes do you believe
that do you believe that that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Azrael
avance show no one leaves behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
