though I am out and about here in
Toronto and I'm finding out people's
views on Justin Trudeau Justin Trudeau
the politician and Justin Trudeau the
celebrity I'm also actually on the hunt
for someone that looks like they
actually come from Canada everybody here
looks like they come from Africa but you
never know I might find another Canadian
before the days out okay I'm asking
people what they think about Justin
Trudeau can I ask you what you think
cause I think Canadians think he's quite
a good guy I like comebacks I don't know
much about him to be honest she's not
obviously doing good or bad do you like
Trump oh why not
you think it's a good leader
I'm not gonna cover in a trough no I
chopped his truck let's hope he doesn't
kill us all
but your cat your cat is ginger right
I'm trump is ginger oh yeah so so but
he's out trying to build a wall I'm
struggled to hear more of my ventures
and follow my journeys join me a Hopkins
WorldCom
