Mark Zuckerberg is not a nice man I
don't know if it's even possible to be a
nice man and also have a net worth of 60
billion dollars or so I don't think you
can I think you need a level of
ruthlessness to make that much money and
not to lose control of it you get a
sense that in the biographical movie
about him called the social network you
get a feeling for that I know it's just
a Hollywood dramatization but the basic
facts of the movie check out how he
stole other people's data and then stole
ideas for Facebook from his classmates
and stole the shares of his co-founders
stole is a big word he didn't commit any
crimes but I don't think anyone would
dispute that Mark Zuckerberg is a
sociopath here's a story from Business
Insider quoting an instant message
conversation he had with a classmate
when he was at Harvard tinkering with
the idea behind Facebook if you recall
he started by harvesting any public
photos of women at college and then
having men vote if they were hot or not
so that's the starting point here here's
the exchange suck yes so if you ever
need info but anyway to Harvard just ask
I have over 4,000 emails pictures
addresses what how do you manage that
one people just submitted it I don't
know why they trust me dumb f uck s do
you think he was joking about that
I don't think Zuckerberg knows how to
make a joke look at how weird he is we
got one mark are the allegations true
that you're secretly a lizard no I'm not
a lizard but you know keep the high
quality comments coming in I don't think
he's a lizard I don't think he's as
lovable as a lizard but there's more
than a grain of truth to his rant
insulting his own users they love to
share information with Facebook people
love to give him their private data
problem is they don't know everything
they're giving him and he's doing things
with their data that he doesn't tell
them he's doing that's because with
Facebook you are the product that is
being bought and sold I suppose every
tech company does that to degree even
before tech was a thing companies would
build up a little file about you the
things you've bought in the past the
things you like and don't like but
Facebook is different Apple they sell
you a computer they sell your phone they
sell you some music through iTunes
Amazon sells you ebooks and now
everything else including TV shows but
what exactly this Facebook cell you know
it sells you to companies and it lies
about it and when Zuckerberg is caught
and can't wriggle out of it he makes a
deep heartfelt apology that he surely
practiced in the mirror a hundred times
and then he just does it all over again
for 14 years according to this story by
a tech magazine called Wired 14 years
he's violated the trust of those dumb F
uck s who give him that personal
information 14 years he's apologized and
then he did it again and then he
apologized and he did it again and maybe
you would do that too if you if it would
make you one of the richest men in the
history of the world
here he is almost a decade ago lying
apologizing for lying I'm n lying do you
feel like it's a backlash sure that you
feel like you're violating people's
privacy do you feel like you're
adequately portrayed as a because I want
to wonder about the person who actually
created this thing yeah I mean you know
a lot of stuff happened happen along the
way I think um you know there were real
learning points and turning points along
the way in terms of in terms of building
things if I could if I knew what I knew
now then then I hope I wouldn't have
made those mistakes but I can't go back
and change the past I can only do what
we think is the right thing going
forward so before we move off this
privacy thing and I thought that was a
fascinating you wanna take off the
hoodie you know I never take off that I
know
there's a group of women in the audience
that wish you would girls whoa all right
that's okay I should take off that take
off the bed all right yeah this is a
great moment in internet history what
today he's a 33 year old man who still
dresses like he's a college teenager
partly because he can when you're worth
60 billion dollars you dress however you
want but partly because it's part of his
schtick oh I'm just a geeky college nerd
building this super cool website I'm not
some corporate suit I'm just like you a
live natural human with feelings you can
trust me so share your photos and
stories and emails and all your likes
and dislikes with me I mean I'm wearing
a hoodie I can't be that bad well as
echo Berg testified yesterday in the
American Congress and he's doing so
again today and he put on a suit this
time I think the hoodie shtick is
wearing a bit thin he's still about
deceiving in small and large ways tiny
things like putting a boost to his seats
an extra thick cushion on his chair
that's sort of weird nothing I get more
comfortable but to make him seem less
small maybe or something more
manipulation just like the hoodie just a
small thing but it's still a thing it
was the biggest hearings in Congress in
recent memory look at all the media
attention every politician wanting to
get a shot in or in their own way to
defend Zuckerberg I mean the politicians
who were grilling Zuckerberg they've
received hundreds of thousands of
dollars in donations from Zuckerberg
that's what happens when you have 60
billion dollars you can throwing around
campaign donations thousand dollar bills
like the nickels or something
Zuckerberg testimony was hours long and
it went on again today I started going
through it I'd like to show you 13 clips
I chose from my comments in between it's
gonna take up the whole show today we
just had too much stuff on Zuckerberg
so we cancelled the guests I hope you
don't mind this is gonna be a long show
but I'm quite sure this is the only
place you're gonna see going through
these clip by clip with my analysis
we'll see let's start with this clip
from a Democrat from Illinois Senator
Dick Durbin I thought it was clever
take a look mr. Zuckerberg would you be
comfortable sharing with us the name of
the hotel you stayed in last night no if
you've messaged anybody this week would
you share with us the names of the
people you've messaged a senator no I
would probably not choose to do that
publicly here well that's the thing we
wouldn't want that information shared
publicly would we we'd we'd only want to
share that private information with our
friends and family and that's easy
enough to control on Facebook that's the
fun part of Facebook the social in the
social network but Facebook has been
selling that information to everyone in
anyone that's their business model and
you are the product remember and you're
the dumb Fu CK who lets him get away
with him but like I say every year or so
Zuckerberg issues the same apology I
wonder if he's ever literally be reading
the same piece of paper with the exact
words that he just used last time I
wonder if he does that as some sort of
inside joke with himself it literally
reads the same apology he used last time
here's yesterday's version of the
apology we didn't take a broad enough
view of our responsibility and that was
a big mistake and it was my mistake and
I'm sorry
I started Facebook I run it and I'm
responsible for what happens here you
know that suggests that it is unwitting
or maybe just neglect or even an
accident as opposed to being the essence
of Zuckerberg business plan since the
very beginning now some of the hearing
was about Russia and hacking the 2006
presidential election of course it was
and it's true that some Russians spent a
hundred thousand dollars or so on
politics on Facebook in the middle of a
multi-billion dollar election campaign
here's what Facebook's a vice president
of ads actually had to say about that he
said most of the coverage of Russian
meddling involves their attempt to
affect the outcome of the 2016 election
I have seen all of the Russian ads and I
can say very definitively that swaying
the election was not the main goal oh
really here's another tweet by Goldman
the majority of the Russian ad spend
happened after the election we shared
that fact but very few outlets have
covered it because it doesn't align with
the main media narrative of Trump in the
election oh and one more tweet the
single best demonstration of Russia's
true motives is the Houston anti Islamic
protests Americans were literally
puppeted into the streets by trolls who
organized both sides of the protests so
yeah that whole Russia thing it's a
nothing burger you already knew that I'm
sure after a year of media obsession
there's nothing there so I'm gonna skip
those parts of the hearing except in one
case anyways let me move on to the next
clip this is from Senator Chuck Grassley
of Iowa take a look my question why
doesn't Facebook disclose two accusers
all the ways the data might be used by
Facebook and other third parties and
what is Facebook's responsibility to
inform users about that information mr.
chairman I believe it's important to
tell people exactly how the information
that they share on Facebook is going to
be used that's why every single time you
go to share something on facebook
whether it's a photo and Facebook or a
message and a messenger or whatsapp
every single time there's a control
right there about who you're going to be
sharing it with whether it's your
friends or public or a specific group
and you can you can change that and
control that in line see there's a trick
there and Zuckerberg does it a lot and I
think he's getting away with it even in
Congress where you have smart senators
they're smart and smarter staff of
senators writing the questions for them
but Zuckerberg is asked about privacy a
lot and and I think people mean privacy
as against Facebook itself as against
the people to whom Facebook would sell
your information but Zuckerberg does
this trick he pivots and he says you
control what your friends see and don't
see but you see how he switched it there
it's true on Facebook you can determine
what pictures of yours or what comments
of yours are visible to only your
friends or to the whole world but that's
not what anybody's worried about we're
worried about what Facebook does not
what our friends see Zuckerberg answer
about his hotel room is on point he can
control who he tells about what hotels
he's staying at but if the hotel itself
had the right to sell that information
to anyone and you couldn't opt out of
that and merely by staying at the hotel
you granted that power to them and you
didn't know if they were doing it that's
Facebook that's the analogy oh and in my
analogy anything you said in the hotel
or anything you did in the hotel would
be for sale too here's another Senator
John Thune of South Dakota not impressed
by the endless fake apology tour and
look at Zuckerberg strick again after
more than a decade of promises to do
better how is today's apology different
and why should we trust Facebook to make
the necessary changes to ensure user
privacy and give people a clearer
picture of your privacy policies Thank
You mr. chairman
so we have made a lot of mistakes in
running the company I think it's it's
pretty much impossible I believe to
start a company in your dorm room and
then grow it to be at the scale that
we're at now without making some
mistakes and because our service is
about helping people connect and
information those mistakes have been
different in how they we try not to make
the same mistake multiple times but in
general a lot of the mistakes are around
how people connect to each other just
because of the nature of the service I
suppose every company starts from one
person that's not much of an excuse is
it but it does reinforce all I'm just
the college geek pay no attention to any
darker details would you like a hoodie
or maybe a political donation but look
at the pivot how people connect to each
other no no we all like that part of
Facebook if we use Facebook we
understand that part of Facebook we see
that part we can control that part it's
the secret parts it's connecting to
Facebook itself or miraculous miraculous
how Facebook commodifies us and sells us
to its advertisers that's the problem or
at least one of the problems and when
he's pressed he does another dodge he
moves from his own misconduct selling
your secrets secretly to Russia Russia
Russia because he knows at least half
the room the Democrats will appreciate
that take a look
what I think we've learned now across a
number of issues not just data privacy
but also fake news and foreign
interference and elections is that we
need to take a more proactive role and a
broader view of our responsibility it's
not enough to just build tools we need
to make sure that they're used for good
and that means that we need to now take
a more active view in policing the
ecosystem and in watching and kind of
looking out and making sure that all of
the members in our community are using
these tools in a way that's gonna be
good and healthy fake news and foreign
interference who wouldn't rather talk
about that even if his own Facebook vice
president says it was nothing who
wouldn't rather talk about that than
talk about selling the secrets of his
two billion dollars and two billion
customers and look at the other bait and
switch he said he's going to police
that's his words police users to make
sure they're using the tools of Facebook
in a good and healthy way by which he
means policing citizens you and me about
what we can say he'll judge if our ideas
that we share with our friends are good
and healthy he'll be the judge of that
we had two black Republican Women on the
show yesterday who go by the
professional name diamond and silk
they're fun they're entertaining the pro
Trump commentators not a profane word
not a threatening word from them but
Facebook declared them
safe so they were censored that's what
Zuckerberg wants to crack down on people
like that misusing the tools he this
morning police his own use of the tools
selling your secrets how quickly he
moved from blaming himself in another
fake apology to blaming his own
customers by which I mean blaming the
people that he sells senator thune had
more questions about Zuckerberg
censorship take a look can you discuss
what steps that Facebook currently takes
when making these evaluations the
challenges that you face and any
examples of where you may draw the line
between what is and what is not hate
speech
some problems lend themselves more
easily to AI solutions than others so
hate speech is one of the hardest
because determining if something is hate
speech is very linguistically nuanced
right it's you need to understand you
know what is a slur and what whether
something is hateful not just in English
but the majority of people on Facebook
use it in languages that are different
across the world hate speech I am
optimistic that over a five to ten year
period we will have AI tools that can
get into some of the nuances the
linguistic nuances of different types of
content to be more accurate and flagging
things for our systems but today we're
just not there on that so a lot of this
is still reactive people flag it to us
we we have people look at it we have
policies to try to make it as not
subjective as possible but until we get
it more automated there's a higher error
rate than I'm happy with a lot in there
including a promise to build an
artificial intelligence system to stop
you from having the wrong feelings
that's what hate is a feeling we all
hate things it's a natural human emotion
you can't ban it you can't ban people
from expressing where it's motivated by
that feeling do you hate a movie do you
hate a song do you hate a rival sports
team do you hate a political party do
you hate Facebook do you hate your
addiction to Facebook do you hate a
religion you hate your own religion well
Mark Zuckerberg is designing a computer
that will judge your feelings and censor
the bad ones do you trust him to do that
he's gonna ban what he calls slurs which
is another way of saying an insult so no
more comedy of any stripe of course
or will it just be no more conservative
commentary I don't know the left is full
of slurs towards its enemies I've never
seen a liberal site shut down on social
media for being too rude ever ever can
you name one let's switch gears there's
so much to cover I I won't cover at all
here's senator wicker from Mississippi
there have been reports that Facebook
can track a user's internet browsing
activity even after that user has logged
off of the Facebook platform can you
confirm whether or not this is true
senator I want to make sure I get this
accurate so probably better to have my
team follow up you don't know do you
really think that the Lizardman there
doesn't know really do you really think
that Mark Zuckerberg does not know if
Facebook can track your user activity
even if you've logged out that's a
pretty weird and dramatic question isn't
it to not say no to it immediately it's
really another way of saying yes but
Zuckerberg will get back to them I'll
have my people get back to you
here's senator Graham asking about
Zuckerberg strix not about people
connecting with each other or people
having the wrong feelings about each
other but rather how Zuckerberg uses
people when you sign up for Facebook you
sign up for Terms of Service or you
familiar with that yes okay it says the
terms govern your use of Facebook and
the products features app services
technology software we offer Facebook's
products or products except where we
expressly state that separate terms and
not these apply I'm a lawyer I have no
idea what that means but when you look
at Terms of Service this is what you get
do you think the average consumer
understands what they're signing up for
I don't think that the average person
likely reads that whole document right
or as he said back in college those dumb
f uck ass take a look here senator Ted
Cruz from Texas on Facebook's liberal
bias and I can assure you from personal
experience that YouTube Google and
Twitter are actually worse this is the
longest clip I'm going to show you today
but it's an interesting one take a look
mr. Zuckerberg does Facebook
sitter itself a neutral public forum
senator we consider ourselves to be a
platform for all ideas let me ask the
question again
this Facebook consider itself to be a
neutral public forum and representatives
of your company have given conflicting
answers on this are you a first limit
speaker expressing your views or are you
a neutral public forum allowing everyone
to speak well mr. Zuckerberg I will say
there are a great many Americans who I
think are deeply concerned that that
Facebook and other tech companies are
engaged in a pervasive pattern of bias
and political censorship there have been
numerous instances with Facebook in May
of 2016 Gizmodo reported that Facebook
had purposely and routinely suppressed
conservative stories from trending news
including stories about CPAC including
stories about Mitt Romney including
stories about the Lois Lerner IRS
scandal including stories about Glenn
Beck in addition to that Facebook has
initially shut down the chick-fil-a
Appreciation Day page has blocked a post
of Fox News reporter has blocked over
two dozen Catholic pages and most
recently blocked Trump supporters
diamond and silks page with 1.2 million
Facebook followers after determining
their content and brand were quote
unsafe to the community to a great many
Americans that appears to be a pervasive
pattern of political bias do you agree
with that assessment senator let me say
a few things about this first I
understand where that concern is coming
from because Facebook in the tech
industry or located in Silicon Valley
which is an extremely left-leaning place
and this is actually a concern that I
have and that I try to root out in the
company is making sure that we don't
have any bias in the work that we do and
I think it is a fair concern that that
people would would the let me wonder
about let me ask this now are you aware
of any ad or page that has been taken
down from Planned Parenthood senator I'm
not but let me just move on to network
sorry
how about move on org I'm
not specifically aware of those about
any Democratic candidate for office I'm
not specifically aware I mean I've I'm
not I'm not sure in your testimony you
say that you have fifteen to twenty
thousand people working on security and
content review do you know the political
orientation of those fifteen to twenty
thousand people engage in content review
no senator we do not generally ask
people about their political orientation
when they're joining the company so a
CEO have you ever made hiring or firing
decisions based on political positions
or what candidates they supported no why
was Palmer Luckey fired that is a
specific personnel matter that seems
like it would be inappropriate he just
made a specific representation that you
didn't make decisions based on political
views well I can commit that it was not
because of a political view do you know
of those fifteen to twenty thousand
people engaged in content review how
many if any have ever supported
financially a Republican candidate for
office senator I do not know that got it
so a Facebook knows the political
leanings and a hundred other private
details about two billion of its users
but it doesn't know the political
leanings of his twenty thousand sensors
do you believe that yeah
Palmer Luckey by the way if you're
curious is a brilliant tech inventor
really built the world's a whole virtual
reality video game trend very successful
fired after publicly supporting Donald
Trump but let me emphasize what he
really said there he's hiring twenty
thousand sensors and as I said before by
the end of this year we're gonna have
more than twenty thousand people at the
company working on security and content
review because this is important over
time we're gonna shift increasingly to a
method where more of this content is
flagged upfront by AI tools that we
develop you don't need twenty thousand
sensors to take down an al Qaeda manual
as Zuckerberg said elsewhere in the
hearings that's done by machines ninety
nine percent successful you need twenty
thousand human sensors to go in and
sensor as he said nuances feelings
the question that Ted Cruz asked about
how Facebook sees itself is it a
platform for others to fill with their
ideas like a theater that would rent
itself out to anyone or is it a company
with its own ideas that's an important
question because it goes to regulation a
phone company is not liable for what you
say on their telephones just for a
moment imagine if your phone company had
Facebook's Terms of Service if they
could capture everything you said to
your friends and then sell that secretly
and censor what they didn't like you
saying either censoring you by
artificial intelligence having your
phone cut off if you say the wrong
things or having one of 20,000 people
listening into your conversations that's
exactly what Facebook does in fact it's
not even really much of an analogy it is
sort of what they do Facebook is how
people message each other today probably
more even than phone calls anymore
Facebook ties phone calls Facebook the
streaming video cost but the point is if
you're if you're taking positions about
content if you're editing and blocking
and censoring you're not neutral like
the old-fashioned phone companies
anymore you're a publisher now you're
liable for things in a way the phone
company is and you'd never sue the phone
company for what someone says on the
phone or isn't allowed to say you never
regulate that but that is where Facebook
is going look at this question from
Senator sass good question about hate
speech long exchange it's the second
last video clip take a look in your
private company so you can make policies
that may be less than First Amendment
full spirit embracing in my view but I
worry about that I worry about a world
where when you go from violent groups to
hate speech in a hurry in one of your
responses to one of the opening
questions you may decide our Facebook
may decide it needs to police a whole
bunch of speech that I think America
might be better off not having policed
by one company that has a really big and
powerful platform can you define hate
speech senator I think that this is a
really hard question and I think it's
one of the reasons why we struggle with
it there are certain definitions that
that we that we have around you know
calling for for violence or let's just
agree on that if somebody's gone for
violence we that shouldn't be there I'm
worried about the psychological
categories
and speech you use language of safety
and protection earlier we see this
happening on college campuses all across
the country
it's dangerous 40% of Americans under
age 35 tell pollsters they think the
First Amendment is dangerous because you
might use your freedom to say something
that hurts somebody else's feelings
guess what there are some really
passionately held views about the
abortion issue on this panel today can
you imagine a world where you might
decide that pro lifers are prohibited
from speaking about their abortion views
on your content on your platform I
certainly would not want that to be the
case but it might really be unsettling
to people who've had an abortion to have
an open debate about that wouldn't it it
might be but I don't think that that
would would fit any of the definitions
of what we have but I do generally agree
with the point that you're making which
is as we as we were able to
technologically shift towards especially
having AI proactively look at content I
think that that's gonna create massive
questions for society about what
obligations we want to require companies
to to fulfill and and I do think that
that's a question that we need to
struggle with as a country because I
know other countries are and they're
putting laws in place and I think that
America needs to figure out and create
the set of principles that we want
American companies to operate under well
I can tell you that kind of censorship
about issues as mainstream as the
abortion debate they are censored
literally every day probably every
single second by Facebook we ourselves
hear the rebel are censored routinely
about normal political debates look at
this tweet from our talent drawing
Cardillo just just a few days ago John
sometimes spends a few bucks on money
boosting Facebook posts that means he
pays Facebook a few bucks to show his
Facebook posts to his own friends
that's another con by the way facebook
says you have friends but it won't show
all of your material to your friends it
just won't unless you pay them to do it
did you know that
so John tried to do that but they
blocked him did you see that I don't if
you understood what John tweeted there
his posts were approved by the
artificial intelligence system
they were approved but then two hours
later one of Zuckerberg sensors didn't
like it of course not we're conservative
John is conservative they're far left
here's senator Sullivan from Alaska this
is my last clip of the day he talked
about two things if Facebook is a
publisher responsible for one solid
system and how Facebook would love
regulations by government because it
could game them it could afford them it
could torque them against any
competitors it would just slosh some
more lobbying money around here take a
look let me let me talk about the
tension they're excited I think it's a
good point and I appreciate you
mentioning that you know Mott one of my
worries on regulation again with a
company of your size you're saying hey
we might be interested in being
regulated but as you know regulations
can also cement the dominant power so
what do I mean by that you know you have
a lot of lobbyists I think every
lobbyist in town is involved in this
hearing in some way or another a lot of
powerful interests you look at what
happened with dodd-frank that was
supposed to be aimed at the big banks
the regulations ended up empowering the
big banks and keeping the small banks
down do you think that that's a risk
given your influence that if we regulate
we're actually gonna regulate into you
into a position of cemented authority
when one of my biggest concerns about
what you guys are doing is that the next
Facebook which we all want the guy in
the dorm room we all want that to start
it that you are becoming so dominant
that we're not able to have that next
Facebook what are your views on that
well senator I agree with the point that
when you're thinking through regulation
across all industries you need to be
careful that it doesn't cement in the
current companies that are that are
winning but would you try to do that
isn't that the normal inclination of a
company to say hey I'm gonna hire the
best guys in town and I'm gonna cement
in an advantage you wouldn't do that if
we were regulating you senator that
certainly wouldn't be our approach it
would but I think I think part of the
challenge with regulation in general is
that when you add more rules that
companies need to follow that's
something that a larger company like
ours inherently just has the resource
to go do and that might just be harder
for a smaller company getting started to
be able to comply with correct so it's
not something that like going into this
I would look at the conversation as what
is the right outcome I think there are
real challenges that we face around
content and privacy and in a number of
other areas adds transparency let me let
me get I'm sorry to interrupt but let me
get to one final question that kind of
relates to what you're talking about in
terms of content regulation and what
exactly what exactly Facebook is you
know you mentioned you're a tech company
a platform but there's some who are
saying that you're the world's biggest
publisher they think about 140 million
Americans get their news from Facebook
and when you talk to Senate when you
mention the center coordinate corn and I
you said you are responsible for your
content so which are you are you a tech
company are you the world's largest
publisher because I think that goes to a
really important question on what form
of regulation or government action if
any we would take senator this is a
really big question
I view us as a tech company because the
primary thing that we do is build
technology and you're responsible for
your content which make exactly kind of
a publisher right well I agree that
we're responsible for the content well
we don't produce the content I think
that when people ask us if we're a media
company or a publisher my understanding
of what the heart of what they're really
getting at is do we feel a
responsibility for the content on our
platform the answer to that I think is
clearly yes and but I don't think that
that's incompatible with fundamentally
yet at our core being a technology
company where the main thing that we do
is have engineers and build products all
right that's too many clips thanks for
bearing with me if you're still watching
and I didn't even go through all the
interesting ones from today I didn't
even get through half of yesterday he is
really an extraordinarily long testimony
but let me sum it up for you okay Mark
Zuckerberg is a serial liar he is said
for a decade he's going to stop selling
his customers private information he has
not stopped
how could he is his central business
model when
rest he blames the victim he says users
are either stupid dumb f uck s or or
they don't read the contract the Terms
of Service or they're the ones causing
the problem
he always shifts the conversation away
from what he's doing with their data
that they can't control and they don't
even know about he blames them one when
he gets really agitated he plays the
rest card the fake Russia card the fake
news card and he get he lies according
to his own vice president in charge of
ads but he uses it as an excuse to hire
20,000 human sensors just until his
robot sensors can take over how do you
feel about that and he's going after
hurt feelings and the human emotion of
hate that just happens 100% of the time
to target conservatives isn't that a
coincidence that's Mark Zuckerberg of
Facebook a leading donor to many of the
congressmen to whom he spoke that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
