meet Jordan hunt I'd call him a pig but
I don't want to insult the swine
community
anyway the other day in Toronto hunt
happened upon a peaceful pro-life
demonstration staged by the campaign
life coalition hunters pro-abortion so
he decided to convey his point of view
since a lot he gets raped by somebody
and they're like I was 16 year old it's
a baby if someone is raped and she gave
birth and she decided to kill her
three-year-old child and while you can't
see folks is that Hunt's roundhouse kick
connected with the shoulder of Marie
Claire Bissonnette the youth coordinator
with campaign life yeah this dude
actually kicked Bissonnette in a
cowardly sneak attack say I am
experiencing deja vu all over again
where have we seen this before
ah yes that was Dion boos at an Edmonton
woman's March punching our very own
Sheila gun Reid in the face do you see
some similarities with these two
gentlemen the body piercings the
effeminate demeanor the sneak attacks
talk about birds of a feather a alas
hunt is now rightfully enduring the
wrath of social media as the video
continues to go viral
you know I reached out to miss beasts
Annette who is thankfully okay she
didn't want to appear on camera but said
she does indeed plan to press charges
while others have reached out to her
conspicuous by their absence is anyone
connected with the feminist movement
don't you find that a little odd I mean
wouldn't you think that violence against
women would be the prime directive for
feminists in this day and age of the
white ribbon campaign but apparently a
woman who is not pro-abortion is
unworthy of their support so by their
silence today so-called feminists they
stand with the likes of Jordan hunt and
Dion boos gee what would susan b anthony
say about that and if there's any other
takeaway it's this the diversity loving
left sure doesn't care for a diversity
of opinions and a contrary opinion must
be censored even with violence of need
be indeed the phrase pungent at sea is
their credo but Nazi is a merely code
speak for anyone who States an opinion
they simply don't agree with so much for
love Trump's heyday in the meantime
methinks a world of hurt for Jordan hunt
is just beginning he's already lost his
job and police are now investigating you
know if he ends up getting charged and
ends up in jail I wonder if he'll be
doing any roundhouse kicks to the torsos
of hardened criminals as opposed to a
young lady merely holding a sign I guess
what I'm saying is this as we nice
knowing you Jordan well
not really for the rebel dot media I'm
David the men's I'd Minzy hey folks the
rebel has a new app please download that
app and take the rebel with you wherever
you go
you
