the unthinkable happened last week when
the bus carrying the Humboldt Broncos
hockey team was involved in a horrific
deadly accident do you want to hear
something else that's unthinkable in the
wake of this gruesome tragedy certain
social justice warriors are playing a
grotesque game of perverse identity
politics essentially stating that the
reason this nation has been so rattled
by this crash is due to the victims
being white males one of the definitions
for ghoul is the following a word used
in a derogatory sense to refer to a
person who delights in the macabre or
whose profession is linked directly to
death such as a gravedigger
or grave robber and then there's Nora
Loreto Loretto is a self-described
activist and writer based in Quebec City
I think she might be moonlighting as a
ghoul though in the aftermath of the
Humboldt tragedy here's what Loretto
stated on Twitter quote I'm trying not
to get cynical about what is a totally
devastating tragedy but the maleness the
youthfulness and the whiteness of the
victims are of course playing a
significant role end quote
a significant role in what the tears the
heartbreak the sorrow a state of mind on
the behalf of survivors and family
members that will take years to heal if
healing is indeed possible and to
suggest that this groundswell of grief
would be absent if the people on that
doomed bus were say black and female is
this what Loretto is trying to convey
here I don't think anyone would dare
politicize such a tragedy and guess what
folks your tax dollars are subsidizing
this Freak she occasionally writes from
a claims which only continues to wither
on the vine due to a taxpayer bailout of
2 million dollars per annum she also
appears on the CBC but of course and
sadly Loretto is not a one-off here's
some sjw
the Evan Soloman show last Monday to
make a similar point Michelle you're on
the line what's your take on this so I
say you know I absolutely all my heart
feel terrible I mean I have children of
my own I mean I can't imagine anything
like losing a child the worst thing ever
and you know I just I'm very sorry if I
just sound bitter but I just don't know
how we make such a big deal you know
when it's some you know some privileged
I'm sorry if you take some sounding rude
but you know privileged white kids
playing hockey when there's so many
other tragedies in the world I mean we
dwell on these it's just I'm not taking
away from it I just it just it's getting
to me now Solomon should have verbally
eviscerated this creep instead like a
doddering old auntie pouring another cup
of tea for the collection of senile
twits at the table Solomon's response
was so muted you have to wonder if he
actually felt any outrage himself and as
for Loretto has she reconsidered her
vile remarks has she apologized far from
it actually she's doubling down on
despicable subsequent tweets are
seemingly
gleeful she jokingly Ponder's in one how
many people will call her a count
because of her egregious stance she's
added an extra vowel to the c-word to
keep it family-friendly I don't know why
as of right now she might just be the
most vulgar most unsympathetic person in
all of Canada and how do you like this
one folks
her appalling tweet the last time I
checked at least actually had received
69 likes oh well in the department of
silver linings at least stats Canada
knows what the precise goal population
is in Canada at this particular moment
for the rebel dawn media I'm David the
men's ID Menzies
you
