Kinder Morgan has suspended the trans
mountain pipeline expansion project who
knew OPEX best allies were Prime
Minister Ken doll and the NDP socialist
busybodies dinner Morgan just announced
they are suspending all non-essential
activities for the trans mountain
pipeline twinning projects from Alberta
to the coast of British Columbia now
when the press release the company said
in the current environment we will not
put Kinder Morgan shareholders at risk
on the remaining projects Bend
now the press release went on to
specifically cite the continued actions
in opposition to the project by the
province of British Columbia Kinder
Morgan is making this announcement after
already spending 1.1 billion dollars on
the seven point four billion dollar
project Kinder Morgan is ready to cut a
1.1 billion dollar loss because British
Columbia is not respecting the Canadian
Constitution and Prime Minister Justin
Trudeau well he doesn't really care if
they don't the company is done fighting
this alone they're not spending another
penny or another dollar fighting for
this pipeline anymore it's so bad that
Kinder Morgan president Ian Anderson
told BC premier John Horgan that the
company was being unnecessarily harassed
by the province of BC Prime Minister
Justin Trudeau while he did what he does
and he sent a tweet that said Canada is
a country of the rule of law and the
federal government will act in the
national interest access to world
markets for Canadian resources is a core
national interest the trans mountain
expansion will be built yeah so a couple
of things here suddenly Trudeau cares
about the rule of law which is sort of
peculiar considering he's been
completely silent about the mayhem and
chaos that has been ongoing on Burnaby
Mountain as the protests roll on
multiple police officers have been hurt
and the protesters have been doing
something they call D arresting because
they do not reckon
nice Canadian law D arresting basically
amounts to kicking police officers in
the head while resisting arrest and then
sending those cops to the hospital the
federal government isn't and has not
acted in the national interest with
regard to trans mountain or any other
pipeline for that matter they've done
everything but they can't even do the
symbolic things like vote for
conservative motions to show support for
pipelines I mean if you really really
want to know what Justin Trudeau feels
about the trans mountain pipeline just
listen to his brain Gerald butts talk
here we think that the all sentence have
been expanded too rapidly without a
serious plan for environmental
remediation in the first place so that's
why we don't think it's up to us to
decide whether there should be another
another route for a pipeline because the
real alternative is not an alternative
route it's an alternative economy and
over here in Alberta Rachel Notley is
making a lot of crazy noise saying she's
demanding concrete action from the
federal government without ever saying
what concrete action really means not
only is even going so far as to suggest
Alberta will go full Venezuela and take
ownership stakes in the Kinder Morgan
pipeline in an attempt to get the thing
done what that means is Alberta is
willing to spend money we don't have on
a project that is already fully funded
in the private sector and move the
financial risk on to the Alberta
taxpayer and somehow that's supposed to
make the foreign-funded radicals in
British Columbia suddenly like this
pipeline is that what she's saying
wasn't the carbon tax supposed to do all
that for us and I really wouldn't trust
Rachel Notley to own a lemonade stand
let alone take ownership in a multi
billion dollar pipeline project and
speaking of Rachel Notley let's take a
look at what Rachel notley's NDP cohorts
colleagues and former co-workers have to
say about the suspension of this
multi-billion dollar project remember
NDP Member of Parliament for Burnaby
south kennedy stuart he was
arrested with Green Party leader
Elizabeth May at a Kinder Morgan
worksite for violating a court
injunction meant to keep those coops off
a working jobsite anyway
Stuart sent a tweet celebrating saying
we're winning
stop Kinder Morgan BC NDP premier John
Horgan sent a tweet saying that British
Columbia will do everything I can to
block the pipeline and then he told a
news conference in Victoria that the
ongoing protests demonstrations and
actions are playing a part in blocking
Kinder Morgan those are the illegal
actions of protesters that have like I
said before resulted in several police
officers being injured in the line of
duty and they're being directly endorsed
by the BC premier it's absolutely
lawlessness in BC regarding this
pipeline and the BC Environment Minister
has been having closed-door meetings
with those same violent radicals from
those illegal protests and about those
protests guess who's leading them our
old friend sapore berman she told the
national observer in a facebook live
interview that she's been working
against Kinder Morgan for five years
just listen five years you say that
means Berman was working against Kinder
Morgan during the time Rachel Notley
selected her to chair the Alberta
government's oil sands advisory group
that means the whole time Berman was
working against Kinder Morgan by her own
admission during the time she was
working for the Alberta government and
raking in $23,000 in compensation for
her troubles and we know Berman was not
fired for her anti oil stance or all the
derogatory things she said about Alberta
oil and gas instead Berman was just
released from the panel because
according to Notley her job was finished
her work was all done and while it's not
well known Tim gray of environmental
defense still sits as an oil sands
advisory group panelist hears
environmental defense listing the ten
reasons trans mountain shouldn't
be built what would not Lee Ann Trudeau
and Horrigan have done differently if
they were working for a foreign
government to block pipelines and scare
away oil and gas development here in
Canada look at all the radicals they've
appointed to make decisions look at all
the policies like carbon taxes that
they've implemented to deter investment
to Canada Hourigan and not Lee Ann
Trudeau are the best
OPEC salesmen those dirty dictators ever
had for the rebel media I'm Shiela
gunnery did you know that we have our
own rebel media mobile app it's
available on the Google Play Store or
the Apple App Store download it give it
a whirl take the other side of the story
with you wherever you go
