hey there are you tired of feeling like
everyone is yelling down at you that
these people who are complete outliers
are demanding your beliefs desires and
national inclinations should be forcibly
changed or domain because of these
nutcases pathetic feelings have you
noticed a slow trend of movies becoming
more and more feminized and left-leaning
thus making them unrealistic pandering
and less entertaining to watch
then Joy Behar grumbled through an
explanation of why Bill Clinton's actual
rape allegations while in office are
water under the bridge compared to a
billionaire Playboy's consensual
relationships he had decades before he
took office well then I have the
antidote to this chaos I'll be reviewing
a top-five list of toxic masculine
movies to get the testosterone flowing
and sweat out all that vegan tofurkey
these mascara eating soy boys try to
force on us on a daily basis I'm Ben
Davies this is pure Hollywood
now these movies I'll review and promote
will be in response to BuzzFeed's
article 23 movies for those days when
the patriarchy's got you down and the
intercepts article against toxic
masculinity and here's the thing there's
nothing wrong with an unrealistic hyper
example of certain things we love to
watch for example Nicholas Sparks movie
give an incredibly unrealistic
expectation to love and relationships
but most women love these movies and no
one is saying that these movies should
be banned or changed or that they're bad
and they can't do these anymore
however in recent years movies that guys
love have been under attacked and even
hijacked by a leftist testicle choking
soy boy agenda but don't worry get ready
to rip your shirt let them hang and go
commando because I'm going to review
some of the best toxic masculine movies
now I have a list of my top 5 I'm
rolling around with but if there's a
great guys movie that you absolutely
love comment below and maybe I'll add
that one to the list so sorry soy boys
the men in these movies are guys women
actually want to be with so you can stop
telling yourself you're an ally and not
just going to these rallies to exploit
daddy issues and hopes you get a
sleepover now get pumped wrestle a bear
hold the door open for a lady eat jerky
for a week protect your family and stop
sitting when you pee because these
movies are going to be so awesome and
chock full of toxic masculinity
Abed days this is pure Hollywood and
another fantastic news you can now
download the rebel up and take me with
you wherever you go to get exclusive
content and the entire rebel lineup
you
