things are heating up in Syria I'm gonna
tell you what the United States probably
should do and who I think is behind it
Syria has long been a very volatile
place but it's very complex it's much
more difficult to analyze than say
Afghanistan Iraq even Libya when Libya
was at its worst because Syria is a
unique dynamic when you speak to Syrian
Christians and I have a couple of
friends who were very well-off in Syria
their families are physicians they don't
condemn Bashar Assad
as much as you think they would because
Bashir Assad for the most part was a
pretty secular guy he kept Christians
safe they said before all this unrest
said he's like Damascus were safe havens
for their families now it's not to say
that Bashir Assad loved Christians Assad
is still a brutal guy it's just that he
wasn't a Muslim hardliner
who persecuted them they were able to
run their medical practices live very
prosperous Lee on the other hand Bashir
Assad is a guy who allies with Iran and
Russia countries that really don't care
about human rights and fair play and war
and that appears to have led us to where
we are today see I believe that the gas
attack in Syria was carried out by Assad
now a lot of conspiracy theorists are
saying well Donald Trump said he was
pulling out of Syria and there be no
upside for Mossad to do this and this is
the deep state and this is Israel and
this is all kinds of conspiracy theories
but these people are very short-sighted
what they don't realize is that nations
like Iran and like Russia want to test
president Trump's resolve these are
brutal brutal people if they have to
kill people kill children gas children
to check what Trump is made of they're
gonna do it they simply don't care they
see these people in the outlying areas
of Syria the Kurds many other groups as
subhuman anyway they couldn't care less
about them
and so I do believe obvious your Assad
enabled plotted by I believe mostly Iran
but with a wink and a nod from Russia
launched this gas attack a to see what
Trump would do and be and this is where
many people are torn because he realizes
to push back some of these Islamic rebel
groups you need to be as brutal as they
are unfortunately others get wrapped up
in these attacks gas doesn't it's not a
pinpoint surgical strike weapon well
then people said why would I ran a
Russia want to fight with the US Iran in
Russia don't want to fight with the u.s.
of course they do
Iran in Russia are really upset because
they had Obama the doormat for eight
years but more importantly Syria is a
very strategic place its proximity to
Israel its proximity to seaports through
Lebanon it's a very strategic place now
Lebanon is basically lawless not too
hard to roll right through the sea and
of course they would love that strategic
piece of land in the Middle East Iran
would absolutely love to have a base of
operations on Israel's doorstep Iran
wants to see Israel eradicated Iran has
only upside the Bashir Assad getting
into a shooting war with the US if we do
to Assad what we did to Saddam Hussein
what ultimately happened to Muammar
Gadhafi who's there to fill the power
vacuum yeah
Iran funded and enabled by Russia so
Iran only has upside only has upside to
Syria getting into it with the US we now
know that Iran purchased the chemical
weapons from Germany that were used in
Syria now I need a whole nother show to
talk about why we should have a German
ambassador and how disgraceful it is
that Democrats will not confirm Rick
Cornell maybe if we had a German
ambassador in country we could have had
intelligence assets properly coordinated
diplomatic assets properly coordinated
to avoid you avoided that chemical
weapons purchase but I think now the US
has no choice but to get involved in
Syria no I'm not saying we put boots on
the ground and get involved in a
prolonged war we've had special
operators there now for a few years
airstrikes diplomatic support
economic sanctions and a lot of
intelligence capabilities put into the
country when I say a lot I mean a ton we
need to drop case officers on the ground
we need to embed with the rebels not the
rebels who enabled Isis the Free Syrian
Army or al-qaeda not the bad guys there
are other groups there that just want to
live better we need to get our assets on
the ground in Syria not in terms of
uniform military in a shooting war but
we need eyes and ears
we need signals intelligence above Syria
and we need air strikes now missiles
were launched into Syria last night the
US the Pentagon is denying and Israel's
being blamed but I say good it's not
blame it should be a pat on the back
Israel should be launching missiles in
the cirrie of Syria is partnering with
Iran
now there is a whole host of other
things the US can do to stabilize Syria
and in me speaking on my longer show
off-the-cuff Declassified right here on
the rebel later today with Jim Hansen
from the security studies group they've
put together a list of recommendations
for the National Security Council on
what the US has next move should be in
Syria Jim's gonna be with me is gonna be
telling you all about it it's gonna be a
great segment you're gonna want to watch
the show this is very very important
content it's a region of the world Syria
the Middle East that could easily spark
World War three and I want to be able to
bring you this information this
intelligence every single day so help me
do that by subscribing to our premium
service at www.mediaed.org this
