if there's one thing I do know about
Canadians it's that we are able to put
aside our differences and rally around
communities communities that need us to
lift them up to support them to pray for
them to help them pick up the pieces of
their lives when all the cameras have
finally gone away and that's what we
will need to do in the coming weeks for
the families touched by the humble
Broncos bus crash right now the extent
of their losses are incalculable the
grief is just too great 15 lives were
cut short on Friday night on the way to
game 5 in the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey
League playoffs and 14 others are
fighting for their lives healing and
grieving together in Saskatchewan
hospitals 11 young hockey players died
pursuing their dreams
Logan Schatz Jackson Joseph Adam Harold
Steven whack Conner Luke and Evan Thomas
Xavier labelled Brodie Hinn's Logan
hunter Jacob light and Logan Boulais
whose organs went on to help six other
people and four other men died helping
those young men pursue their hockey
dreams Humboldt Broncos play-by-play
announcer Tyler Bieber was also killed
he was just 29 Broncos assistant coach
Mark cross also lost his life he was
only 27 Bronco head coach and general
manager Darcy Hawn leaves behind a wife
and two boys and Glen Dirksen was the
driver of the Broncos bus he also passed
away I don't know if we can ever truly
understand what these families are going
through and what they'll face in the
weeks to come but I do know that in
these boys and men and in these families
and in this small town in it's
unimaginable grief we can all see a
little bit of ourselves kids with big
dreams and parents who foster those
dreams these parents were lacing up
little skates at some practice and some
rink in the middle of nowhere and even
if you aren't a hockey family we all
know what it's like to work and to
sacrifice for our own goal
and for the goals of our children
Humboldt families this great nation of
ours is keeping you in our thoughts and
in our prayers around our dinner tables
in our church pews and in our dressing
rooms tonight unto the RCMP and the
first responders the doctors the nurses
and the paramedics and all the support
staff and everyone else who worked so
hard to save so many lives and comfort
the families that lost thank you and if
you want to give back if you feel like
you need to do more than pray there is a
GoFundMe page set up to help the
Humboldt families if hockey is Canada's
game then Humboldt Broncos are our team
now and these boys and men are our sons
our brothers our friends our fathers and
our uncles and Humboldt Saskatchewan
you're our hometown now from our rebel
family and all of our viewers and
supporters let me say god bless Humboldt
Saskatchewan god bless canada and god
bless and keep these Bronco families
tonight you are not in this alone for
the rebel media I'm Sheila Gunn read
you
