so we've seen a few people claim on
social media that Sadiq Khan's letting
London become so chaotic on per a person
I initially just brush it off as
fear-mongering but the more I think
about it it seems like Sadiq Khan could
be let in London become lawless to win
political points against the Tories so
Sadiq Khan's always banging on about the
police cuts and well he's right to
police cuts are dangerous in London but
I've slowly come to the conclusion that
car might be using this as political
leverage and not just as an excuse for
his constant and horrific failings in
London could it be that Sadiq Khan is
purposely allowing London to become a
dangerous city with areas that have
become uncover nerble something
supported by people even in his own
party on the left in order to hurt the
Tories I think Khan has aspirations
beyond mayor of London he's smug and
arrogant and full of himself and I
suspect he's likely the successor of
Jeremy Corbyn a man who thinks so highly
of himself would never do anything to
hurt his reputation unnecessarily and so
I doubt that he could really be as
careless as he seems right now I think
that instead Sadiq Khan axed half the
police-station front counters lost 4,000
police officers and allowed murder and
crime rates in the city to increase as a
way of getting back at the Tories him me
out what better way to prove the police
cuts are harmful than by letting London
become a war zone and this is more than
just a hunch
the atrocious allocation of police funds
in London shows that while police cuts
really are hurting Londoners the effect
doesn't have to be anywhere near as bad
as it is City Hall is paying a lot of
percentage of the total police budgets
increase from 18 percent in 2010 to 23
percent now and earlier this year is
announced that karl has found 150
million quid down the back of the sofa
which was to be put towards policing but
at the same time he's spending millions
on the new online hate crime hub which
is being funded by the Met and mayor's
office for police and crime Mopac and
the Met Police have announced that they
have over 900 hate crime specialists
offices in the city while thousands of
crimes including burglary and assault
are just going completely uninvestigated
and don't get me started on diversity
mow Park has a special statement of
commitment to equality and diversity if
anything should tell you that the Met is
badly allocating funds it's this as part
of their work which should be you know
killing crime obtaining justice and
maybe making Londer a safer place to
live they think is appropriate to seek
to influence the local national and
international equality and diversity
agenda what what does that even mean why
a police officers being paid to spend
time trying to influence a diversity
agenda across the world why aren't they
out there
tackling criminals I don't know stamping
out gangs maybe stopping knife warfare
that just got six people killed in one
night or deaths and violence on the
streets of our capital city really less
important than the diversity agenda I
mean while they must be because the head
of the neck rested a dick proudly boasts
having the inclusion and diversity
strategy that's going to be implemented
between last year in 2021 which aims to
make the Met more reflective of the city
no doubt by just sacking white officers
and desperately trying to find more
non-white and female officers and quote
further improved progression of officers
from underrepresented groups meaning
promoting people based on their skin
color we know what that means and the
mayor's office also proudly boasts its
own equality's task force I mean how
much does this cost how much exactly is
the mayor spending on meaningless task
forces who do nothing other than arrange
diversity events in carnivals and
parties and pay a load of lackeys to
shuffle paper from one end of the desk
to the other because I can't find the
accounts on this anywhere this is just
fiddling while Rome burns London is
becoming more violent than ever and
Sadiq Khan is letting the MEK get away
with diversity projects that really are
just going to discriminate against
hard-working white men spending millions
on hate crime hubs and useless task
forces and costing further millions on
wasted time why are we blaming the
cutbacks so quickly when we still
haven't even tried properly prioritizing
police time and resources yet said he
can't knows all this surely surely he
knows it and that's why I think this is
a deliberate ploy to hurt the Tories but
only time will tell whether it works
Khan was elected by the biggest single
mandate in history so he's not going to
go anywhere anytime soon unless Labour
boot him of course but they weren't but
if this carries on he's really gonna
have to knuckle down and keep on blaming
London's Horrors on cutbacks and he's
already started
I mean after he just disappeared for a
few days he's now blaming Teresa May for
the murder and crime problem in London
and claiming that he can't do the job
with one arm tied behind his back
but the thing is Khan has full use of
both his arms and could easily use his
power to restructure the mat and
prioritize our police force resources
but he won't these the actions of a
manipulative power-hungry man who knows
that if he plays his cards right on this
he's going to hurt the already unstable
Tory government and potentially get mrs.
Mae to give into the labor party demands
and to these people it's worth
destroying London for watch me and the
rest of the rebel team on our brand-new
app download it now from the Google Play
Store and the Apple App Store
you
