you actually got me to agree with Rachel
Notley on something so that's another
amazing thing that safe Calgary has done
because she said that she's going to do
the right thing and give Calgary
taxpayers a say in whether or not the
city should accumulate this massive debt
as a legacy for Nenshi so she said there
would be a plebiscite and I would say
this directly linked to the petition
that you guys pushed I you know I
certainly think that the the amount of
concern we identified through our
petition had an impact on how
politicians at different levels reacted
now of course we don't have that many
politicians in Calgary in our federal
government so I can't say for certain
how they were impacted but I think at
the provincial level you know they saw
the public concern about taking on this
kind of initiative without full scrutiny
without having done all of our homework
on it and they did and committed to what
the city initially refused they wouldn't
which was to give Calgarians a direct
say and I would say some people
including some city councillors have
said well why would we have a pleb site
we elect politicians to represent us and
make decisions and to me I think there's
some merit in that in you know I don't
expect you to hold a plebiscite to tell
me should we cut you know pick up trash
twice a week or three times a week or
should we fill in potholes once every
two years or as happens here sometimes
never but when it comes to spending four
six eight or ten billion dollars to me I
think that is worth going directly to
the voters of Calgary and saying look
we're all going to have this
responsibility on our shoulders and if
it goes wrong we're all going to bear
the cost of that so you have to decide
if you think this is the right idea or
not that's an excerpt from my weekly
full-length show the gun show on my show
I take on the issues of the day through
my Alberta conservative lens and I
talked to the real news makers the
mainstream media ignores to get access
to my show in all of our other premium
content click the
on the screen to subscribe today
you
