today I'm bringing you three more names
of hotels involved in the housing of
Syrian refugees now the government in
the hotels they won't tell you where
these hotels are but at the rebel we are
committed to bringing Canadian consumers
the truth what I've just introduced
first promises as Prime Minister was to
vow to bring in 25,000 and then 50,000
Syrian refugees in just a few short
months but Justin Trudeau he's more of a
preacher and less of a thinker sort of
like a peacock that fans his feathers
but into oncoming traffic the refugees
had to be housed in Canadian hotels and
didn't go well for the refugees for the
hotel guests or for the hotels the kids
were neglected housekeeping staff was
sexually harassed Bibles were vandalized
in the rooms you get the idea now you
can see all of our exclusive coverage of
that behavior and the supporting
documents at refugee investigation calm
but people wanted to know even more
they were emailing me asking me to find
out which hotels were involved in all of
this so I did I've already told you
about the Holiday Inn Express in London
Ontario the Econolodge in London Ontario
the London executive suites now known as
the London extended stay as well as the
Kitchener Howard Johnson and the Ottawa
Travel Lodge today I've got three more
hotels to tell you about and one of
these hotels was just so slammed with
bad reviews there is really no way to
put them all in one video it's an
enormous amount of bad reviews the first
hotel on our list is the Windsor Travel
Lodge now known as the Windsor Holiday
Inn Express I went through their
TripAdvisor reviews from the time that I
know the refugees were staying there and
I didn't find anything refugee related
so either that's great because it means
the refugees are behaving themselves
or it's really bad because as we
discovered earlier TripAdvisor is
censoring the reviews of the refugee
hotels and they are completely admitting
to it
the next hotel on our list is the studio
six in Toronto I went through all of
their one in to start TripAdvisor
reviews and again I didn't find anything
bad that was refugee related so again
maybe the refugees are behaving
themselves which is something that I
really want to hear or maybe the hotels
were really great at managing the influx
of refugees again that is something I
really want to hear or maybe Trip
Advisor sensing censoring the reviews
again I'd like to know that but I can't
say the same for the next hotel that
hotel is at Toronto Plaza Hotel there
are so many refugee related complaints
at that hotel that it was hard to get
through them all and there's just no way
that I can show them all to you in one
video if you want to see for yourself
go to TripAdvisor highlight the one in
two star reviews and just start reading
because holy moly
based on these TripAdvisor reviews this
hotel was a complete and total madhouse
let's go through just some of these
reviews together
Becky writes the other half of the hotel
doubles as a refugee camp for immigrants
people hanging out in the halls and
Lobby everywhere Tamm car rights lounge
isn't really a lounge as the refugee
children that are also living at the
hotel were allowed to run in and out
nothing against refugees coming to
Canada but the hotel neglected to
advertise that half the hotel is a
hostile to refugees Farley says I
checked and was told that this hotel has
been used as Syrian refugee housing but
as of May the hotel was back to normal
function so not the case arrived in the
lobby to refugees as hanging out in the
lobby and at the doorways young kids
riding bikes through the hall I asked
the desk clerk what the story was he
said six families remained no way unless
their families are over ten persons each
lumpy from Kitchener says next we were
told that the hotel was being used for
Syrian refugees my husband had to go out
in the hallway asking the children to
stop screaming and
running up and down the hallways someday
rights no one told us about the hundreds
of refugees in this place children were
playing screaming in the halls well past
11:00 p.m. Crystal W also right got no
sleep as it is a base for the refugees a
lot of noise until early morning cannot
believe we paid to stay here Nancy from
Barry complains the place was crowded
with 400 to 500 refugees many lingering
in the lobbies and halls dug from London
says the hotel is being used to house
Syrian refugees the lobby is full of
people hanging out kids running up and
down the hall
I would not book here as long as they
are housing over 400 refugees really I
could go on and on and on about the
Toronto Plaza Hotel but I think you get
the gist customers wanted to know what
they were walking into before they got
to the hotel let me reiterate the last
thing I want to do is ruin somebody's
business especially in this Trudeau
economy and it has been my experience
going through all the emails that the
hotels were sending to the government
complaining about the behavior of the
refugees that hotel management teams
were very very concerned about their
guests and their staff and again I sent
emails to the plaza and the studio 6 and
Holiday Inn Express I asked where the
policy came from to not tell other
guests about the refugees when they were
booking or checking in and I still have
no answers if I ever do get answers I'll
share them with you I promise
I just want Canadian consumers to have
all the information before they put
their family in a hotel for the night
stay there if you want or don't it
doesn't really matter to me as long as
you have all the information to make the
right best choice for you you won't get
that information from the federal
government the hotels aren't giving it
up either but at the rebel
we will stay tuned more hotels in my
next video for the rebel media
I'm Sheila Gunn read to see the behavior
of some of Justin Trudeau's Syrian
refugees in Canadian hotels and to view
the supporting federal government access
to information documents go to refugee
investigation calm
you
