we all know that the CBC receives more
than a billion dollars per year in
taxpayer welfare to create all their
whiz-bang content but get a load of this
the CBC is now partnering with a
streaming service a streaming service
that apparently doesn't work you have to
wonder of the folks who head-up CBC
sports have ever heard of this somewhat
obscure pigskin circuit called the
National Football League because if they
were indeed aware of the NFL or more
specifically the NFL's broadcast
dealings in Canada
CBC would have never have agreed to
partner with an on-demand streaming
service called da Zn now apparently da
Zn is pronounced does own kind of like
how someone from Chicago would say da
bears but unlike a real Bruin on the
prowl the zone is one dog that don't
hunt here's the skinny the CBC is using
the zone to stream coverage of the
Commonwealth Games that kicked off on
April 4th yeah that's right the
Commonwealth Games otherwise known as a
be less sports tourney for those who
just couldn't get enough of the pen scam
games and any event last season the NFL
entered into a partnership with the zone
for NFL games being broadcast in Canada
just one hitch the zone was to online
streaming what the Hindenburg was to air
transportation yeah it was that big of a
disaster indeed last month John Kirk of
the Toronto Sun panned a fascinating
autopsy regarding this dead on arrival
streaming service the saga began last
July when 2-zone proudly announced it
had purchased exclusive rights through
2021 to provide Canadians with live
video feeds of all NFL games via web
connected digital devices such as smart
TVs tablets smartphones and game
consoles suddenly old-school cable and
satellite providers were on the out
side looking in as they wouldn't be able
to reacquire NFL broadcast rights in
Canada until 2022 at the earliest
but as Kirk notes the NFL soon realized
it had a rancid lemon on its hands quote
scores of Canadian purchasers of the
zone immediately encountered grading
problems with the service for instance
some games weren't available from the
start some devices couldn't connect to
the service at all and action under zone
feeds often was delayed more than a
minute ruining the experience for many
who like to watch games in concert with
social media the company had promised
last summer it was ready for any
technological hurdles that might arise
in bringing the streaming service to
Canada that proved grossly inaccurate
end quote
indeed the design experience was such a
fiasco that an NFL VP actually issued a
public apology to the league's Canadian
fans and by mid-october
after weeks of ineptitude the NFL
abruptly ended its exclusivity deal with
the zone welcoming back cable and
satellite providers so that its games
could be properly telecast what a
concept but surely the people at CBC
sports knew about these problems they
certainly should have known about them
so on the heels of the NFL disaster why
in the world would CBC ever get into an
arrangement with the zone gee maybe CBC
just likes to reward failure or maybe
the CBC doesn't care if the zone flops
yet again after all why would the
broadcast bureaucrats who run the CBC be
concerned with Canadians enduring a
crappy broadcasting experience isn't
that just another day at the office oh
well there's at least one saving grace
unlike the NFL nobody in Canada really
gives a rodents rectum about the
Commonwealth Games so if the zone
continues to crap out this time around
no one's likely to even notice
the rebel dot media I'm David the men's
I'd been ZZZ hey folks you may have
heard the rebel has a brand new app
please download that app and take the
rebel with you wherever you go
you
