well folks you may recall how last
December we came across a story from
Canadian Forces Base Borden in which
members at the base were raising money
for Christmas food hampers however we
discovered it wasn't for poor people
living off the base it was for actually
those military personnel and their
families who didn't have enough to make
ends meet and you know we didn't think
that was right especially given the
climate in which our Prime Minister was
handing out eight-figure checks to
convicted as Lamas terrorists so we
reached out to you our generous rebel
viewers we wanted to raise money for the
Canadian Forces base board and Christmas
hamper campaign our goal was $10,000 you
came through with giving us more than
$15,000 but there was just one hitch
when we went to the base to deliver the
check nobody at the base would take it
there was various excuses given to us
but we think it was the head honchos at
the Department of Defense that were
embarrassed by this situation and you
know what they should be embarrassed in
any event we had a dilemma on our hands
we had raised all this money for a
military charity and the charity we
raised it for wouldn't take it so we
found another one called Canada company
a benevolent military organization and
that's why we're here today to visit the
people behind Canada company to give
them the generous money that you gave us
well folks I'm here with Blake Goldring
and Paul Hindle Blake is the founder of
Canada company Paul is the interim CEO
and gentleman first of all can you tell
our viewers what Canada company is all
about canada company is a bridge between
the broader community and our military
members and their families we want to
make sure that our military members and
their families get their widest
recognition care and support possible
and we do that through a number of
various programs such as a scholarship
program for the children of our fallen
we have a program which deals with lav
three monuments
really signify the contribution and
sacrifice of Canadians 40,000 of them
that served in Afghanistan speaking of
helping military families as you know
the reason I'm here and the reason we
found Canada company and I'm very
grateful for it is that we tried to
raise money for the soldiers that I
guess were less well-off in their
families at CFB Borden there was a
Christmas food hamper drive and
originally we thought it was for for
another charity then we we realized it
was actually for people living on the
base you know the military families and
we just didn't think that was right I
mean the idea that you have people
putting their lives on the line for
Canada at the same time we have a prime
minister writing eight-figure checks for
convicted terrorists it just rubbed us
the wrong way we reached out to our
viewers our viewers are very generous we
looked at a $10,000 fundraising goal we
raised over 15,000 surprisingly and I
don't know if you want to weigh in on
this CFB Borden wouldn't take our check
so we were in a pickle we had to find a
charity that would take the funds and
thankfully we discovered Canada company
and what I'd like to do is present one
of you or both you I'm not sure I would
do I've never done this before usually
it's I'm the game and poem so what I'm
gonna do is on the behalf of the rebel
news network is present you with this
check for slightly over $15,000 courtesy
of our very generous viewers and we
really appreciate folks you coming up to
the plate yet again and maybe Paul can
you tell our viewers what you know some
of the things that money might be going
towards well as first of all thank you
very much to you and to veera stories in
this money and we gladly accept it and
I'm gladly gonna use it to help our men
and women in uniform and our veterans
you know and as moto says many ways to
serve and basically what we do is we
serve those who serve us anything that
we can do for those people who put their
lives
on the front line and for the sake for
our country and and and to preserve the
our life and and and our way of living
then they deserve our utmost support and
this is what we're gonna do so there's
many things that we do such as for
example we have the scholarship program
which is we give scholarships every year
to the children of fallen comrades so
that's one program that we have we have
the lab monument program we have
something called destroy strategic
knowledge exchange and which are bring
in business leaders and military leaders
and we exchange best practices and ideas
and and and try to solve some of the
issues and and in that are relevant to
both organizations but one of the things
that we used to also have done in the
past which is run a camp for the
children of our soldiers were deployed
in Afghanistan many times we have both
parents were deployed so we're the kids
gonna do this summer so we ran that we
run that program so there's many ways
and we we're gonna try to look for the
next whatever there are our military
leaders would like us to - what is the
specific need they have and hopefully
with this money and some of the other
money that we raised we can address that
and we can serve our men and women in
uniform
well Paul and Blake it gives me great
pleasure on the behalf of our rebel
viewers to to give you that money and as
you know folks as you saw our report in
December we tried to give it to Canadian
Forces Base Borden they wouldn't take it
but luckily you'll be happy to know that
with Canada company your hard earned
money is going to a good
military-related
a cause and I want to thank you again
and once again Paul thank you very much
and Blake we really appreciate it thank
you so much any parting words sir well
just again thank you and your viewers
for for a support of our organization
thank you and they all lived happily
ever after right well not so fast folks
there's a bizarre epilogue to this
feel-good tale you see an inexplicable
thing happened just minutes after
recording our Canada company report the
rebel staffer who coordinated the Czech
president
Etan received emailed correspondence
from the interim executive director paul
hindu one of the two individuals you saw
being interviewed hindostanee the
following quote i regret to inform you
that canada company is unable to accept
the cheque presented this afternoon as
our policies do not permit us to endorse
political views of any organization as
such we will be returning the check to
your attention via registered mail end
quote
what in fact Hindu also requested in a
letter that we not air the footage you
just saw regarding the check
presentation and further requested that
the video footage be surrendered to
Canada Company now folks
absolutely nothing about this makes any
sense how was it that Canada company
morphed from an organization that was
only too happy to receive your generous
donations at 2:00 p.m. on Tuesday but by
509 p.m. on Tuesday the charity didn't
an abrupt about-face claiming this
cheque that we gave on your behalf was
suddenly money non grata and the
extensible policy reason for turning
down the cheque simply doesn't make any
sense either
for starters rebel media is not a
political organization as our name would
suggest we're a media company secondly
we never asked Canada company to endorse
us or any of our viewpoints and no
endorsement was given we were simply
providing some funds so that Canada
company could put those funds to good
use in fact of anything rebel media was
endorsing Canton accompanied by
presenting this charity with that cheque
and giving their principles some airtime
to tell our viewers what a great job
Canada company does for veterans and
their families and I can tell you that
we have no idea where Canada company
sits on the political spectrum in fact
we don't care if Canada company shares
our politics or not our donation is a
nonpartisan charitable act for those in
need
period
regarding those funds that $15,000 is
not our money it's your money
rebel media merely served as a platform
in which to raise those funds so what is
the unspoken story at play here who is
the real heavy when it comes to turning
down money that was so generously
donated by you our rebel viewers well
there's no way the bad guy here is Paul
Hendo I'll tell you that Paul is not
that kind of guy Paul is a
philanthropist there's no chance Paul
did a 180 degree backflip on his own
accord in the space of just three hours
when it came to accepting money from
rebel media in fact I'm almost certain
Paul Hendo did not even write that
letter he sent to us rather I think he
was instructed to do so but by whom
chances are we'll never know for certain
unless Paul volunteers that information
but here's my gut feeling folks this is
nothing more than political interference
from the federal Liberal government we
know they hate the fact that we expose
what was going on at CFB board and
regarding the Christmas food drive
that's the real reason why we couldn't
give our donations to CFB Borden in the
first place and we know the Liberals
hate the fact that we've made the point
that the wonderful man and woman who
serve in the Canadian Forces can barely
make ends meet while jihadi terrorists
get rewarded with millions of your tax
dollars so the Liberals are obviously
playing politics here hey you want to
play politics fine by us
but leave the kids out of this those
kids who would have benefited from our
viewers donations to Canada company or
did the Liberals loathe rebel so much
that in order to score cheap political
points they would actually throw
military families under the tank that's
how it looks to me but here's the rub
despite the vindictive viewpoint of
their political masters we know that so
many men and women
serving in the Canadian military love
the rebel indeed we only found out about
the situation at CFB Borden upon being
tipped off by a soldier serving there
and you want to know something the
feeling is mutual
we love the military over the years
rebel media has conducted fundraising
campaigns in which our viewers have
donated more than four hundred thousand
dollars to military causes including one
hundred thousand dollars for the family
of corporal Nathan Cirillo it's clear
that the good folks at Canada company
are running with some pretty bad company
these days indeed like some anonymous
camouflage sniper lurking in the weeds
someone in the Trudeau Liberal
government is carrying out an anti rebel
agenda and making Paul Hindu out to be
the villain in the process that's not
right and how sad how tragic that this
mean-spirited Vendetta doesn't harm our
so much as it harms the men and women in
our military who apparently need all the
help they can get but you know something
folks enough is enough this rejection of
our donation is akin to the summer job
at a station in this case it would
appear to be that if donors espouse the
wrong political opinions well at least
wrong in the eyes of this current
federal government then there shall be a
price to pay but in this case the price
being paid is veterans getting screwed
out of donations that our viewers gave
in good faith that is nothing short of
egregious
as well as I've pointed out this is the
second time we've experienced this kind
of interference and I suspect that's
coming from liberals who hate the rebel
more than they love our own troops so
I'm going to hand-deliver a petition to
the office of harjeet say yen the
defense minister we've set up a petition
at triple w dot call off your dogs calm
and the wording of the petition is very
simple quote
we demand that the Trudeau government
stop blocking donations from grassroots
Canadians who want to support our
military end quote
that's it call off your dog's com sign
that petition and I'll hand-deliver it
myself and I'll email you a video of me
doing that and I'll keep it up to date
with any other developments that's call
off your dog's calm thank you
hey folks are you tired of the political
interference when it comes to military
charities well please go to call off
your dog's comm and sign the petition
today
you
