are we witnessing the end of critical
thought in Canadian schools right off
the heels of the Alberta government
vilifying an Albertan school for its
refusal to preach a one-sided testimony
of history a school NBC is now vying for
its shot in the cultural Marxist
limelight the school in Kamloops which
assigned this homework to a class of
grade 10 students profiles right-wingers
as racist wiretapping war mongering
women haters and as one would expect a
severely normal parent has taken to
social media to air his grievances with
the high school and has reached out to
the school board and the school
administration to complained the
questions which profiled right-wing
individuals as a gross cocktail of
misogynistic racists and left wingers as
a group of sanely heroes went as far to
say that to be racist is to be
right-wing I wish I could say that this
was a surprise but it's not even a week
ago that Weber Academy in Alberto was
the victim of the left-wing trifecta a
group led by the mainstream media to
disparage and discredit the private
school for looking at history from more
than one side and for valuing critical
thought the juxtaposition is just
stunning check out how the father of the
student Matt - foul starts his interview
with the local media in Kamloops we see
enough examples of just blatantly false
media out there you don't say school
should be a place for learning it should
be a place for the development of
critical thought wow this sounds really
familiar but in a classroom discussion
developing critical thinking skills of
students you should be asking questions
worth what were the negatives and what
were the positives and my impression was
that that we weren't supposed to be
asking a question further any positives
according to de foul the father of one
of the students this sort of behavior
from teachers par for the course I gave
him a call and asked him what he thought
about this and and what it does to
critical thinking skills of our youth
over the long run
it completely erodes it you're putting
you're doing classic propaganda topics
you're say
this group is really bad and this group
is really good so which group do you
want to belong to me with a bad group
with a good group it's it's childish
it's horrible
that's not an assignment that's a piece
of propaganda if we're to stop this we
need to make sure that we shine the
light on all of these so-called teachers
who are playing a part in the mass
brainwashing of Canadian students if
you've seen your kid bring home
socialist propaganda in their backpack
please send me a tweet my twitter is in
the description below and let's expose
this abuse of authority for the rebel
dot media this is canvas if you think
that the mass manipulation of canada's
youth is wrong i have a specific request
for you share this video with your
school board trustees the teachers of
your children and the principals at your
schools let's nip this problem in the
bud and let them know that we will not
accept indoctrination in our schools
you
