well we have an interesting story for
you today a woman who was born and
raised in Vancouver but who led a life
that would be shocking to most Canadians
instead of me telling you about it let's
ask the young woman herself she joins us
now by a Skype from Vancouver Yasmine
Mohammad nice to meet you thanks for
being with us today
I'd like to talk with you about your
life story because it's it's a political
story but it's first off a personal
story you or from a Muslim family you
came your parents came to Vancouver from
San Francisco your mother divorced your
father when you were when she was
pregnant with you if I'm not mistaken
and so tell us the story from there on
so you're you're born in Vancouver you
have a single mom who's Muslims tell us
what she did and how that changed your
life forever all right so yeah as you
say she was in Vancouver and you know
had three kids I was the third child and
my parents got divorced and she was all
alone in Vancouver she'd just moved here
she didn't know anybody and you know
she's an immigrant from Egypt
anyway so she had a hard time fitting it
in in San Francisco but coming to make
her was even harder because she was
completely is a new city for her so she
gravitated unfortunately to a mosque
because that's where she was looking for
community and support she grew up in a
pretty you know it was Muslim but she
was totally relaxed you know secular
Muslim family she went to Catholic
schools growing up her best friend was
Christian there were no issues but when
she went to the mosque looking for
support unfortunately the people that
found her and supported her were
fundamentalist Muslims and they let her
down that path and she ended up becoming
the second concurrent life to an
Egyptian man who was already mayor
to a Canadian convert she's
french-canadian she converted to Islam
married him and then my mom was his
second way and eventually Anna got here
so your mom became Canada so with the
full knowledge I presume of the mosque
your mom became joined really it was
bigamy or polygamy and everyone in the
mosque knew this and this was just fine
and normal in Vancouver
all right happens all the time so he
what happens is the man will be married
to one woman legally and then he will be
married to the other women clinically so
obviously he can't marry that my mom was
not his legal life and so that's how
they were able to get away with it
now this man obviously he's living the
fundamentalist lifestyle with multiple
wives you say your mom was pretty
easygoing secular liberal how was her
life transformed by her new
fundamentalist Muslim husband in Canada
completely transformed so it was a
complete change in our lives all of a
sudden everything was harmed
which means forbidden music was her on
riding bikes was having friends that
were non-muslim was Haram my mom had to
start covering her hair he had to start
reading this foreign language from this
book and praying and all of this stuff
was completely formed and knew and I
fought against it of course I was
unhappy about it I was told at birthdays
or Haram and for for any little kid you
know to tell them you're not allowed to
participate parties anymore of course
I'm going to hate this thing that has
invaded my life plus he was you know an
abusive man so that didn't help either
he was he was physically emotionally
every kind of abuse you can imagine he
was he was abusive towards us as you
know the children and into word of my
mom and his wife as well so it was it
was a complete change
I was very unhappy about it I fought
against it for the longest time but then
we ended up going to Islamic schools
when I was nine years old and that's
when the fighting stopped because you're
completely immersed in it and there's no
there's no reprieve there's no there's
nothing what does a nine year old have
to fight with nothing now I was reading
your story on the website of ayaan Hirsi
Ali the aah a foundation and you
mentioned that you had appeared before
social workers even before the law and
it's your belief that the way you and
your mother and your family were treated
the abuse including physical abuse that
it had you being a blond-haired
blue-eyed Christian girl it would not
have been tolerated the abuser would
have been charged with assault or
whatnot but because you were Muslim the
law the regulations the society the
social workers all the establishment is
what I mean they said well that's their
cultural custom and so they turned a
blind eye to it they had a lower
standard for intervention because they
said well they're Muslim is is that an
accurate statement of your views that's
exactly what the judge said to me
so that's precisely what the judge had
said as he said that this is the way my
family's culture chooses to discipline
us and that is within their right and he
has no right to tell them that the way
that they're disciplining their child is
not right he felt like that that wasn't
his place
so yeah essentially that's what I was
hearing I was hearing if you were just a
you know girl from a Swedish or German
or Scottish background then we would
expect your parents to treat you like a
human being but since you come from a
culture where children are regularly
physically abused and it's part of their
culture then I'm sorry you're just gonna
have to adore that and I felt really
betrayed by my country that was I fell
in
depression for many years after that
because I thought that I really thought
that I was going to get myself out no as
you grew up I'm again I read your story
on the ion Hirsi Ali Foundation website
I read that you had more and more
disagreements with your mother and then
finally you were set up in an arranged
marriage tell me with whom and and what
was he like was he Canadian how how was
that arranged how old was he how old
were you so yeah you're exactly right he
just kept on fighting and fighting and
eventually I just gave in and I accepted
this marriage that she was pushing on me
I was 19 years old at the time when I
entered into the Islamic marriage with
him but we were legally married
about a year after that and in that time
he barely spoke English I was my job was
to teach him English I had been living
in Egypt for two years prior to that so
I was fluent in Arabic the reason why I
was in Egypt was because it was a
last-ditch effort my mom just sort of
took us to Egypt and left me there in
the hopes that being in an Islamic
country have it straightened out
but that didn't work I came back to
Canada and fighting continued and that's
when she forced me into this marriage
where my choices were marry him or
you're out in the street and you're not
my daughter
don't come to my funeral and all of the
emotional blackmail that that comes with
the forced marriage which is a very
typical experience for many girls from
the phonic background and I was married
to him I ended up getting pregnant I had
a little daughter we were living
together for a while and he wasn't home
but my mom was home with me and she just
started to bleed from her nose and her
mouth simultaneously and
and so I started to panic and i called
9-1-1 and an ambulance came and i
hesitated because i'd never left the
house without him before and i wasn't
sure if i should i was scared too but
then i I figured you know he should be
okay with the fact that I'm going to the
ambulance
but her going to the hospital with my
mom and an ambulance I you know
hopefully that's a good enough reason to
leave the house without him so he had
never very first time you'd never been
out of the house without your husband
husband's guardianship and it sounds
more like Saudi Arabia Iran and then
Canada oh absolutely and I was covered
had to tell my black if I ever didn't
leave the house and really is only for
prenatal appointments because he was
once a month basically to see the doctor
women don't leave the house unless it's
for emergency purposes we had curtains
on all our windows but then he also used
like the brown meat packing paper to
tape the windows down as well just in
case the curtains moved and anybody
could see from behind the curtains I was
up on the 17th floor when he the first
time he punched me in the face because
the windows the curtains were open and I
was my hair was uncovered and he was
afraid that people would see me and
started calling me a whore so that was
the first time he hit me so yeah so my
mom was bleeding I went to the hospital
with her for the very first time left
the house without him and he felt like
within minutes I mean it was a very
traumatic stressful time but it probably
almost immediately I was approached by a
man and a woman and they told me they
were from CSIS and I had no idea what
CSIS were I thought that they were
doctors I thought that they were there
to talk to you about my mom then they
explained to me it was like the Canadian
CIA which I never I had no idea we even
have such a thing and then they started
to tell me who I was married to and that
he was a member of al-qaeda and he had
he's an Egyptian man that had come to
Canada
Afghanistan with a fake Saudi Arabian
passport was I mean those those are a
lot of red flag they learned that he was
when he first came to Canada of course
he was detained initially and then he
was bailed out he was got a lawyer it
was paid for him and not a lawyer helped
him to get refugee status and they large
that the person that paid for the lawyer
was Osama bin Laden and Omar and I again
this is pre 9/11 so he's these things
didn't really mean as much to me as they
as they did later when I started to know
who these characters were and of course
he had you know time passed and
eventually he was he ended up in prison
in Egypt and he was sentenced to 15
years hard labor and in that whole court
case before he was sentenced in Egypt
all of this stuff came out about him and
and all of the things that he was
involved in like US embassy bombings in
Africa and stuff like that I didn't even
realize the extent I knew he was a
horrible man to me but I didn't realize
actually how involved he was as a jihadi
what was he doing in Canada I mean I
understand why your mom and dad moved it
to Canada and I also understand you know
finding a fundamentalist polygamist at
the mosque but it sounds like your
husband was an al Qaeda activist if he
was paid for indirectly through that
lawyer by Osama bin Laden what was his
mission did you ever learn what I mean
what was he doing in Canada was he there
to recruit who is he there to do
reconnaissance what why was he in our
country he was here for 9/11 so I was I
grew up in White Rock which is very
close to the US border and back in those
days you can you could cross the border
in from Canada to the States very easily
you wouldn't even need a driver's
license sometimes you would just say
yeah I'm going down to Bellingham to
you know whatever for the day and so it
was very easy to cross the border it was
much easier to come into Canada and to
get refugee status and then to cross the
border that way then it was for him to
try to get into the States would have
been very difficult especially since the
FBI were already onto him so so that's
why he was in Canada
she quit that's why he chose that
specific area now he was arrested tried
in prison in Egypt how did you break
away not just from him but from the
family from the mosque from the whole
oppressive culture I mean you told me
you grew up in a liberal manner I
remember I read your story on the ayaan
Hirsi Ali foundation website of how
shocked you were when your records were
smashed by your your mom's husband how
did you decide to break away not just
from that man
but from that whole subculture that you
had been trapped in really imprisoned in
a way in your own apartment how did he
get out well it was a very slow process
initially I did not leave the house I
was afraid even though I had restraining
order I was too scarcely house and they
didn't know where he was but I stayed in
constant contact when it ceases and
eventually they showed me pictures of
him behind bars in Egypt so that's when
I felt confident to leave my house and
the first thing I did was apply for
student loans to go to university and I
started to go to UBC and I it was you
know my mom had left to go visit my
sister in Florida and I took my daughter
and I packed some bags and I just I left
while she was gone and I rented a
basement apartment and started going to
university and all this time I was still
identifying as Muslim I had a very
difficult relationship with my mom again
I mean it had been difficult my whole
life but of course now she's trying to
force me into the next marriage and
there was no way I was going to do that
again I said no I'd rather be on my own
I'm not scared of being on my own like I
was the first time
and of course girls don't live on their
own but Muslim girls go from their
parents house to their husband's house
so landlords live on their own so she
was very upset about that and not only
was I a divorced woman but now I was
living on my own so I was a complete
embarrassment to the family and to the
community because my mother was the head
of the Islamic Studies department at the
song at school here so you know it was
it was very embarrassing for her to have
such a daughter and when I started going
to university I just happened to choose
an elective called history of religions
not thinking that it would completely
change the trajectory of my life I just
thought oh it you know I know at least a
third of his curriculum really well you
notice about the three monotheistic
Abrahamic religions and I've been
immersed in you know my mother is a
student at LSI University and so you
know and like I said head of the Islamic
Studies department and asked her
daughter I had to know this stuff well
because it was you know it was her
education on the one so I took that
course and the professor that taught the
course was a Lebanese Christian so he
knew the Arab background and he
understood the Islamic background too
and it was really eye-opening for me it
was the first time that I had ever
looked at Islam from an objective point
of view I had always been raised to
believe that it was completely done the
Quran the book was so divine and
different than anything else in this
world that you know you have to do a
certain wash yourself in a specific way
where you touch the book never to touch
the ground on that there's all these
rules around this divine book which is
the literal word of God from God's mouth
written into this book and when I
started to take this course and I
started to learn that a lot of these
stories were just plagiarized from
Christianity and from Judaism and from
pagan stories before that even and it
took all that is Abinadi way and I
started to realize
that I had been fed a lie and it was
just like this weird simultaneously
feeling really happy that I don't have
to follow this anymore that this that it
was all the scam and but at the same
time really really scared because what
else do I have
who else am i this is all I've ever
known and so it was a very slow process
of going through you know basically
rebuilding myself brick by brick
it was wow now there's a long process I
mean from al-qaeda to atheism is the
name of your book so is would you call
yourself an ex-muslim now are you an
ex-muslim activist how did you get
connected with ayaan Hirsi Ali and other
famous X Muslim by the way the penalty
for renouncing Islam which is called
apostasy the penalty for that under
Islam is death isn't it have you have
you received any threats for leaving
Islam have you are you in contact with
your old master your old family well the
first person who threatened me was my
mom
but she actually didn't know that I had
left us that she just follow me without
the hill on it because I had once alone
when I was going through my process the
first thing I did was take off a hijab
and she said you're taking off your each
other your next step is to leave it
religion and I'll make sure to kill you
before that happens because I'm not
risking my own soul because it's her
responsibility to raise a good Muslim
daughter and if she doesn't do that then
she's she could you know suffer the
wrath of Allah so she promised to to
make sure that didn't happen
you know to make sure that she wasn't
going to risk her own life so she had
been threatened to me many time
before growing up you know we're gonna
this is the days before Facebook or
Twitter and Marie thank social media so
they can say something like oh she's
gone back to Egypt and then as far as
anybody knows that's it
meanwhile you're buried in the backyard
or whatever and these are not empty
threats I mean in Canada alone we know
about so far as we know about the
shipping sisters and that's just in
Canada
there's you know thousands if not
hundreds of thousands of examples put
them all so world and from across the
Western world as well I myself had a
friend that just disappeared and we were
told that she had moved to her family's
home in Fiji but we just never heard
from her again but anyway when she this
was different this was not like
threatening to keep kids in line
although all those threats really worked
- this was serious I had moved out now
I've been divorced I was taking off my
job like my mom felt like this was I was
totally out of her control and she
needed to control the situation so yeah
you know there is sir it's the natural
first response when somebody says
they're gonna leave the village and you
get told you realized that the
punishment for that is to be killed and
in 13 countries across the planet that
actually is the legal punishment or
leading a sum so I'm lucky that I am in
Canada because it's not legal to execute
me here for leaving my religion yes I
mean this is a fascinating story and I
would like to talk to you a a much
greater length but I want to be
respectful of your time today I I want
to come to where you are in 2018 because
you're affiliated with the iron hers and
by the way it takes great courage when
you feel so alone to stand up against
those closest to you your mother your
husband your mosque your community I can
only imagine what it must have felt like
and so all alone and as you say when the
judge and the law itself turns its back
on
because you're just a Muslim girl so I
salute you for that and I would like to
have you on
on further occasions to talk with you
about these things I I but for the
remaining minutes that we have today
let's fast-forward to today what a
fascinating story you've gone through a
story of courage what do you do now
because ayaan Hirsi Ali is a voice for X
Muslims a voice critical of Islam and
the jihad and she's very courageous and
public about it but it's hard she's
always under threat I met her once and
she had a whole security detail there
was probably four officers with her she
had to leave Holland because she was
under such real threat of assassination
what's your life now what do you do with
your Tommy are you are you active with
her foundation what do you do yes I
acted with her foundation in fact I'll
be going to speak for her foundation in
Harvard this month and a Stanford next
month like you I have nothing but
respect and admiration for ayaan Hirsi
Ali what she is doing it by far more
difficult than what I'm doing because of
course you know the story of how the
hurt a death threat to her was stabbed
into into the body of that goat so a fee
of that go her who she directed a movie
with so she is definitely under much
higher risk than I am I'm not nearly
obviously as known as she is so that the
but before I spoke up for the very first
time I had to make peace with and I had
to understand that there was the
potential that that could be a
possibility that I would one day have to
live who could potentially have to live
with security and you know something
could happen and I had to know I had to
be okay with that before I spoke out for
the first time and I say
kind of ironic but you know if Sam
always teaches good Muslims to not be
afraid of death and to always stand up
for what they believe and that's always
what I've been taught and now that is
actually being used against their
religion unfortunately for them but I
was quiet for many years just living my
life doing my thing I mean I had no
reason to speak out against this
religion or or against what they're
doing to tell their Muslims I didn't
feel like it was I felt like this was my
own personal story I didn't know that
there were so many people that were
going to relate to to what I would pick
on through but it really all started
with sam harris when he was on the bill
maher show with ben affleck and sam
harris was speaking about us them in the
same way that i would and he was being
you know rational and making total sense
of him and bill maher were talking about
is done in the same way that they would
both talk about christianity and all of
a sudden ben affleck was calling them
gross and racist and that's when I
decided that I had to speak out and tell
my story because everybody in my life
was congratulating Ben Affleck and
thinking the same Harris was indeed
gross and racist and I realized like
well people are so misinformed people
really have no clue what's going on and
so I don't need my responsibility
they're afraid of being called yeah we
hasn't mean this is a fascinating
interview and I just in the interest of
time we have to wrap it up here but I
look forward to part two with you where
we continue the conversation I feel like
you've set the table for your background
and what you went through to bring you
to where you are today in future
conversations and I hope you will come
back we can talk about the fight for X
Muslims who I think are invisible in the
media I think we can talk about Islam in
Canada we can talk about anti
Islamophobia motions and laws and
there's so much to talk about but I feel
like our viewers now really
have a good biography of who you are for
our future conversations great thank you
so much as I look forward to coming on
again well thank you so much what a
pleasure and an honor to meet with you
and we will certainly have you back and
and and once again I salute you for your
courage and for telling a very traumatic
story but it's it's what made you who
you are thank you for for being with us
today all right there you have it you
asked me Mohammed with the ayaan Hirsi
Ali Foundation and her book is from
al-qaeda to atheists that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levant
show normally it's behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube if you want to
subscribe to watch the daily show every
day including always two interviews
today and I read my hate mail just click
on this screen and become a Premium
Member
you
