it's October 5th I'm Angela van and
you're watching battleground
oh hey everybody great to be here I
think I was away last week of memory
serves I was in London for Tommy's what
fourth court appearance I'm referring of
course to Tommy Robinson former employee
of the rebel a friend of the rebel even
though he's no longer working for us and
of course he's the center of much news
not just in the United Kingdom but
around the world because he has been
targeted so clearly by the United
Kingdom establishment the 5p
professionals as Daniel Pipes calls from
the press the politicians the police the
prosecutors the professors because he
says things he shouldn't say he wants to
debate things that are supposedly
off-limits for debates most expressly
the islamification of the United Kingdom
and what it means in policing and crime
including the particular species of
crime of Muslim ranks and it's shocking
to say those three words Muslim rape
gangs rape is a shocking word a rape
gang it's even more shocking shocking
and to add the adjective Muslim you can
see why those three words are so
terrifying and paralyzing but
unfortunately it is a fact they are
overwhelmingly Pakistani men and the
victims are overwhelmingly indigenous
white British girls working-class this
is not my opinion it is a fact and it is
one reiterated by Muslim spokesmen in
the UK such as Maajid Nawaz who points
out that the mainstream media has failed
to report this because they're too
politically correct so it has fallen to
the Tommy Robinsons of the world in fact
the prosecutor of the rather and rape
gangs himself is a Pakistani a muslim
brit of pakistani background who says
the same thing I think they obviously
appointed the prosecutor to prosecute
the Pakistani Muslim ranking say
obviously appointed a Pakistani Muslim
bred because no one else would be
politically correct to get away with him
so that's where I was last week the
hearing if I recall was on a Thursday
but I spent Friday
morning I had a breakfast meeting with
Tommy up in Luton so I didn't fly home
until that afternoon so as usual my
friends David Menzies and Sheila Gunn
Reid took over the show and I'm glad
they did the reason I mentioned that is
to explain where I was last week and I
will be returning to the United Kingdom
because I regret that the four times
I've flown over there so far does not
yet spell the end of Tommy's legal
Odyssey in fact it is starting anew as
you will recall the Court of Appeal and
no one less than the Lord Chief Justice
himself has quashed Tommy's first
conviction for contempt of court but
sent him back for a retrial that was
supposed to happen on September 27th it
did not it's now tentatively scheduled
for our 23 October 23rd I will be there
it is not yet being firmed up so we
should have confirmation maybe as soon
as today as soon as it is locky and I
will let you know one of the things that
I am going to talk about other things
they're going to talk about that
feminists attack with bleach I'm going
to talk about Isis in Greece we got I
got four video clips here for you but I
do want to talk about Tommy just for one
more minute
because it's on my mind I want to show
the real reporters website in a second
when I was in London at the Old Bailey
which is the nickname the customary name
for the Central Criminal Courts it's a
gorgeous building these courts in the UK
beautiful baby the interiors of them
look like museums the archways in the
art it actually it actually for one
second reminded me of the Sistine Chapel
I know you're thinking Ezra that's crazy
don't don't make don't ever compare
everything else to the Sistine Chapel
it's the finest room in the world I'm
not saying it was of that level but it
it made me think of it it made me think
of certain rooms in the Louvre it was so
gorgeous the Old Bailey and even in the
Royal Courts of Justice where the Court
of Appeal man who is an exquisite
building the Old Bailey besides it's
exquisite an ornate art as a
engine in it so it's not just a place of
beauty it's a place of sorrow and hatred
it is where the most serious crimes in
the United Kingdom are prosecuted while
I was there for Tommy's hearing one of
the Westminster terrorists was on trial
same day same building that's what they
if it's it's the kind of court that you
would try Jack the Ripper in that's the
heavy crimes it's the most serious
crimes in London which means the most
serious crimes in the UK murder
poisoning terrorism massive conspiracies
and in the midst of this a civil
contempt matter cuz tommy was chatting
on a YouTube livestream Facebook
classroom are you kidding me doesn't
that seem ajar doesn't that seem
incongruous why yes it does but
everything about this is incongruous
isn't it
Tommy served 10 weeks in solitary
confinement for the same thing that's
incongruous the police and state
resources dedicated to tackling Tommy
rather than the British Muslim rape
gangs is incongruous there's a lot
that's incongruous
and one of the greatest incongruities is
it the media in the United Kingdom which
is generally quite vigorous I would say
that the come the the english-language
newspapers in London are probably the
most competitive newspaper market in the
world certainly more so than New York
City and New York City you got the New
York Post and The Daily News duking it
out the two tabloids
you got the Wall Street Journal and The
New York Times them but the prestigious
broadsheets and that's about it you got
other newspapers true but you really I
think have four big papers in that town
right and the Daily News was just gutted
recently by the way in London oh I can't
even list them all in The Guardian it's
used to be called the Manchester
Guardian
you got the independent you got the
Daily Mail you have the Daily Star you
got the Times you got the Telegraph you
got the the Sun you got the mirror it is
the most vigorous newspaper mark in the
world very competitive as Boris Johnson
who is a journalist was a journalist and
was the mayor of London is an MP may yet
be Prime Minister I read a wonderful
essay by him I don't seek to find it
right now where he defended what he
called the gutter press I am gonna seek
to find it right now Boris Johnson
gutter press I'm just googling that
right now yeah yeah here we go fellas
I'm gonna send you this if he just
google Boris Johnson gutter press it's
the first thing that comes up can you
put the link on the can you put the
image up in the link there it's a great
line Boris Johnson said we need a gutter
press to keep the gutters clean isn't
that an interesting there it is yeah
only a gutter press can keep clean the
gutters of public life legislation to
control newspapers threatens our global
reputation for honesty Lee you scroll
down a little bit yeah you see this bye
Boris I remember that it's five years
ago he wrote that it's stuck in my mind
that line stuck in my mind till this
moment it's a great defense of tabloids
scroll down a little bit more scroll
down a little bit more there's yeah I'm
I haven't looked at this in five years
but it's all coming back school that
keeps growing keeps going yeah look at
this you cannot hope to win a contract
in London by sending some public
official or Rolex or a midnight pool
deluxe and that is because that official
would be too amazed to accept two
honorable or is to accept and above all
too terrified to accept British business
and British politics and the nexus
between business and politics have been
kept cleaner than in virtually all of
the countries because for centuries we
have had a free press and he and he
talks about how the press snooping for
scandal I mean let me read the paragraph
for the bottling screen right now of
course not every business person
arrestor may personally relish the
Zubrin sand frosting the British media
they may not enjoy reading up their
salaries yachts and subterranean
swimming pools but they also know where
should rationally accept that it is the
very boldness of the British press and
its refusal to be bullied or cowed that
makes those deals risk-free and helps
them create the wealth they enjoy
alright I'm done with that thank you for
finding it so quickly
I'm Boris Johnson very thoughtful
sometimes explained why I got oppressed
and the tabloid press is important it
scares people straight don't it so I ask
you this competitive press this rigorous
press this Fleet Street press this
tabloid press this gutter press where
the hell is it with Tommy Robinson Tommy
Robinson a working-class bloke you would
think that at least the working-class
newspapers would be by his side the
newspapers acclaim to be for the
working-class Blitz very classy society
but what I saw when I was London and I'm
almost done this point what I saw when I
was in London on Thursday it was a
19-minute hearing it was a procedural
case management hearing but in those 19
minutes I saw that there were eight
other journalists and the court besides
myself
BBC mm-hmm I think Sky News was there
the independent was there and we left
court after nineteen minutes and we went
into this beautiful ornate hallway and
Tommy he held court he had a briefing
the reporters had their microphones out
Tommy explained his case probably for
ten minutes took a few questions did his
best he did not show a temper he was not
rude or angry in any ways he was more
earnest he was almost professorial whose
explanatory and then to my surprise he
gave out his personal cell phone number
to all eight journalists there me just
said it I mean then he said it a second
time I was surprised by that I suppose
and then I watched as those eight
journalists marched outside and stuck a
knife in him and lied about what he said
what happened the cordon lied minutes in
fact as soon as Tommy was done that
little scrum I walked with Tommy to the
to the cafeteria the court the cantinas
they called in Britain and we sat down
there and his lawyers were there and and
police and court police were there is
remember there was a huge crowd outside
so by the time it took us to walk from
that scrum outside the courtroom to the
canteen what's that five minutes we were
in the same building they were already
lying about what had been said in the
court the minute we got in the in the
cafeteria tommy was showing me on social
media have they had lied about what had
been said in the court minutes earlier
so this vigorous press so praised by
Boris Johnson keeping the gutters of
life clean holding the powerful two
accounts they were in collusion with
each other those eight reporters they
were against Tommy they faked to him
that they were open minded that they
were there as reporters they were there
to stick the knife in they were just as
antagonistic as any prosecutor as any
policeman and so the lesson I took from
that was well I got to keep going back
first of all because even even this 19
minute hearing in my tweets that day I
forget I think I got three million views
on my tweets and videos that day three
million and on his court hearing I had
over the court of appeal I had a 5.7
million if memory serves so I'm flying
in from Canada
we got a 19-minute hearing and my tweets
are getting three million plus views why
am i a scintillating writer no that
ain't why it's because people know that
the eight Liars there are not telling
the truth about Tommy
so he can fix that problem I'm going
back when whether it's October 23rd or
whatever mm-hmm how you gonna fix that
problem it against one and it's not just
eight nobodies these people include for
example example the state broadcaster
over there the BBC the British
Broadcasting Corporation one of the best
funded state broadcasters in the world
really the envy al Jazeera and Vladimir
Putin's
party and I'll just here of course is
the state broadcaster of the OPEC
dictatorship of Qatar they could only
dream of having the power and the
resources and the reach and the
influence of the BBC so you've got the
massive BBC state broadcaster they're
probably the most powerful state
broadcaster in the world after the
Chinese Xinhua you've got all these
tabloids right and left they're all
against Tommy so how you gonna fight
that how you gonna fight that we set up
a page like I did after consultation
with Tommy called real reporters dot uk'
if you wouldn't put that on the screen
feel free fellas
the real reporters dot uk' it's very
simple I'll read it help crowd fund real
reporters for Tommy Robinson's trial I
talked about the Sky News stitch up I
said when Sky News interviewed Tommy
Robinson they edited the video tape on
ethically to make it look like he said
something he didn't say and then they
put their live their fake news right in
their headline and then I say well
here's my plan
we're gonna crowd fund the cost to fly
in real reporters from other countries
to the Old Bailey to do a proper job of
journalism will pay for economy class
air forever for reports to come to
London for Tommy's trial will pay for a
three star hotel will pay for the cabs
will give them a hundred pounds for
incidentals and in return all they have
to do is come to Tommy's trial report on
him so far for journalists have agreed
to come with me I list them they're each
from different cities different media
even different languages but they all
have one thing in common they tell the
truth when Tommy goes back to court
each of these real reporters will be
there as a counterweight to the BBC in
The Guardian and Sky News who just lie
about Tommy please help cover their
economy class travel by donating below
and I am pleased to say that this has
been well received and I as it will not
surprise you to learn other journalists
have contacted me and say can I get a
piece of that to which I say okay do you
have a real audience like I do I mean
with all respect to folks with the tiny
blog the point here is to spread the
word as far and wide as possible there's
one nice fella who approached me from
South Africa
he said I'm up and comer on YouTube and
he sent me the link to us he's got four
videos and they have a few hundred views
each seems like a really good guy but
I'm sorry I just don't think that meets
the pragmatic test of flying someone in
all the way from South Africa which is
gonna be extremely expensive to
broadcast to his audience of hundreds
and it's no disrespect what we're
talking about here is spreading the word
the four people who were coming have
audiences of hundreds of thousands or
even millions I hope I'm not breaching
confidences it's surely not a confidence
but I'm delighted to say that both Tommy
and I have been talking to an Australian
named avi emini who's been a very strong
supporter of tommy's so those of you in
Australia know this and I've been going
back and forth it's hard because the
time zones but I be Yamini wants to come
all the way from Australia now that's a
very long flight as you know maybe you
don't know but I believe he has a
sufficient audience and I know he cares
about Tommy and telling the truth about
Tommy so I haven't confirmed things with
ABI but I've had a little bit of a
back-and-forth with them I don't think
I'm telling tales out of school to say
so and it's my goal to bring ABI you
meanie up from Australia wouldn't that
be something there's a lot of Tommy fans
in Australia I can tell you that if
there are other people I haven't had a
chance to go through all my emails all
my emails but there may be other drills
I've reached out to a journalist in
Italy who I think might be interested so
we have four confirmed right now if we
confirm Abby that's five obviously I'm
going that's six I'd love to get one or
two other journalists wouldn't it be fun
I don't know if Gavin McInnes can come
back again I don't know he rolls he's he
tried he doesn't travel light wouldn't
it be great I said there were eight
other journalists there wouldn't it be
great if we at eight journalists there
do you see what I'm saying
and what I've made crystal clear to
these other journalists is there's no
strings attached I'm not looking to
review their work
I'm not gonna tell them what to say if
they have questions for me obviously
I'll talk to their ear off will I help
them arrange a private sit-down with
Tommy if they want an interview
absolutely that's the whole point here
but I'm not gonna be staring over their
shoulder I'm not gonna be saying oh let
me see what you've no no no no so for
example Cassandra Fairbanks who writes
for Gateway pundit she covers their
Washington DC she's in Capitol Hill
she's very good at this sort of thing
she knows she's no advice on how to be a
journalist and she's good at covering
these kind of stitch ups right I mean
she's a little bit taken with Julian
Assange more so than I am of course but
she's used to covering quote enemies of
the state
I think she'll do excellent work so
Cassandra's coming these other
journalists are coming so just I want
you to understand what the deal is and
it's important that you do and it's
important that the whole world
understands this is not a pay-for-play
where they're getting cash to write a
certain angle about Tommy
I will not see what they write until
it's published publicly I will have no
editorial control or oversight
whatsoever they will continue to report
to their own bosses they receive no
theme for this all we're doing is taking
care of the expense of the travel
economy class airfare transfers from the
airport probably a cab three-star Hotel
not a four-star not a five-star you know
Holiday Inn type thing and a hundred
pounds what I call incidentals you know
step in there a Tesco Express get one of
those British sarnies I'll probably have
so much fun I'll take people out for
dinner but that's that's probably just
happens spontaneously maybe we'll just
go to a pub or something so this has not
come and write something nice about
Tommy I think that will happen because
Tommy's case is very compelling this is
just please come and write about Tommy .
because we need real reporters in there
doing real journalism not the anti Tommy
propaganda that the 8th incumbent legacy
media have done what do you think about
Tommy's excited by it in fact he's the
one who suggested a be a meaning to me
I'm open to more suggestions in fact I
should I should look in these comments
in case there's more suggestions by the
way it's 12 19 and I haven't done
anything I was setting out to do in this
hour but let me tell you what things how
this works here on this is called
YouTube super chat as you can see and
I'm sorry I missed any super chance to
know this one yet maybe because I didn't
mention him a super chat is you can make
your comment in a bright highlighted
color by kicking in a few bucks or
pounds or leader or whatever your
currency is pesos and if you have a
certain amount I don't know if it's like
five bucks or something it's appended to
the top of that little box there for all
to see
I saw someone ship in 50 dollars once I
think and that was up there for like
half an hour so the law the more you
chip in the more the longer its appended
up there which is pretty cool and the
reason it's great is because I think we
get 70% of that dough so it's a form of
crowdfunding really and more to the
point if you want me to read your
comment or statement out loud that will
be yeah as nobody sits like normal chat
but super absolutely Matt Turner
Ezra London needs a free newspaper the
metro and Evening Standard is
distributed to millions of tube
communities every day of the week yeah
there is something to be said about free
newspapers but I got to tell you and I
say this not only for my own eyeball
observation but by seeing the analytics
on our YouTube videos everyone in the UK
is reading everything on their
smartphones if they're on the tube if
they get reception if they if they're on
them double-decker buses if they're just
booting around everywhere that is a
smartphone culture I think they're even
more into their phones than Americans
and Canadians if that's even possible
but that's that's what I sense mmm
read some more comments there's no super
chance
Lorne Southern spelled emasculate says
Gavin is too prickly yeah well you know
I mean you can detect that because the
name of his show was here to be is get
off my lawn I think he fancies himself a
young Clint Eastwood in Gran Torino
don't you get off my lawn
yeah I see Alex oh three nines he says
I'd have left the country by now he
really loved his country well that's the
thing I mean Tommy leaves the country
all the time he goes to Italy he goes to
Germany goes to Austria goes to Poland
goes to Spain but he doesn't want to
flees not fleeing he's a Brit it's in
his blood you can't take Tommy on a
Britain from pressure with love chips in
$2.99 says should dual citizens be
banned from our government now I don't
know what country you're in because in
Canada there is no rule against dual
citizenship in fact a great number of
MPs have more than one citizenship I
know that in Australia this has caused a
constitutional crisis because it is
prohibited down under I would like to
think that if you want to govern and
rule in a country you ought to have no
other loyalties but to that one country
and you would think that wow what if
it's another friendly country I mean
what are the two closest countries in
the world can in the United States how
could that possibly it'd be at odds they
would never go to war well they could go
to a trade war and I suppose it depends
what you think the obligations of
citizenship are if you think it's just a
way to fly around or an ID card then it
means something to you but if you
believe that being a citizen comes with
not only rights but some sort of duties
mainly a duty of loyalty emotional and
patriotic loyalty then how can you be
loyal to two people away would be like
being a bigamist or a polygamist how can
you be loyal
more than one so I suppose my answer is
I don't really think I haven't thought a
lot about it but I don't I don't see it
I don't I don't see it as natural to be
a citizen of more than one country in
government I'm not saying it should be
banned I'm not saying it should be
illegal to be a dual citizen I don't
think I would go that far but certainly
if you want to govern Canada be a
Canadian if you want to govern America
be an American as you know America
requires its presidents to be naturally
born in America you have to be born
there I think that's a pretty obvious
point don't you our age 10 is 12 24 I
invite either oh there we go
Ingrid kay Warner has a super shot for
five bucks your thoughts about faith
being censored by the mainstream media I
know you think she's a mean candidate
but don't you think she should have a
platform to speak this is very
interesting points there Ingrid
the first is I think that if you are
hosting a forum a debate for mayor if
you're a private organization you should
be able to invite who you like
especially if there's 30 odd candidates
if it's your private property your
private club and invite whoever you want
but I think you have some sort of a
moral obligation and not moral but if
you're not if you're not inviting that
the leading candidates and then you're
not really a forum are you and it is a
fact that faith has pulled 2/3 and if if
you don't want to have or then explain
why then explain why if there are any
forums that have a public or quasi
public nature to them I think they ought
to be open to anyone who's a legitimate
candidate and if if not what privileges
or powers or rights or benefits do you
get by being a public or quasi public
institution there may even be some laws
that touch on that for example I saw
that faith tried to buy some radio ads
and they were declined there may be some
laws governing
political expenditures because you could
imagine if you owned a newspaper or
radio station and in the campaign if you
just banned ads from a candidate you
opposed you could sink a democracy I
think there are some laws or regulations
in can especially with regards to
electronic media that are that are
governed by a lot of regulations in
Canada so those are my answers to your
questions about should she have a
platform to speak I would say if someone
in private property in a private
organization a private club wants to
have their own forum I think that's fine
I think it might lack credibility if
they don't invite leading candidates if
there is some public or quasi public
institution or an institution that's
regulated by law which I think our radio
and TV are in this respect then I think
they ought to take ads from anyone
unless that ad in some other way breaks
the laws Keith McIntosh says old news
perhaps but just found out about the
cancellation of you have Cruz anything
else in the words yeah we were D
platform time you know we have other we
always have something on the go I mean
you say anything else that works just
yesterday actually we announced can we
put the link up to the rebel live.com we
announced announced a terrestrial
get-together next month in Calgary
Alberta I don't know where you're from
Keith McIntosh so I don't know what
problems states in the country you're in
but anyone in Calgary go to the rebel
live.com scroll down a bit there we can
show who some of the speakers are I
think it's a little bit further down
yeah there we go there's my chubby
cheeks right there in the middle to my
left there is Maxime Bernie to my right
Sheila Gunn read Brad Proust
look at that Lindsey Shepherd she's
great John Carr Bay the Justin anyway
yeah we got a lot of folks coming got a
lot of folks coming Robby Picard oil
sands activist Scott Winograd business
activist oh yeah Lee Humphrey oh how
could I forget he's a great conservative
veteran
activists so we got some good stuff
coming and we are working on other thing
I mean as you may have heard in June in
July we took a mission to Israel which
is very interesting I want to go to
Hungary and what I mean go to I don't
mean a vacation I'm not a vacation or to
tell you the truth I mean a mission like
a fact-finding mission
a journalistic mission but to take
enthusiastic rebels with us I may give
you an example what I mean last year we
went to Iraq I think there were six of
us and we made a documentary and we
filmed that we did journalism but what
happens if there was a superfan rebel
who said I want to come all right I mean
Iraq might be a bad example because
there's security issues but for our
Israel trip I think we had 61 people who
were superfans who said well I paid five
grand or whatever to come to Israel and
tootle around with you guys so we had
the fact-finding briefing for the
journalists but we also was a great time
for our most enthusiastic rebels that's
obviously gonna be a lot more expensive
going to Israel going to Europe whatever
then a one-day conference in Calgary but
we we will continue to do events we love
events and people seem to like them do
all right I think have I caught up with
all the oh I think it's one more super
chana gotta figure out how to alrighty
top chat live chat here we go I'm just
oh here we go
phrase or make Bernie thanks sorry it
took me a second to find that the media
party fake news cbc seem to be global
McClain's toronto star and politician
did it arrive you don't understand what
you mean by did it arrive but yeah that
is that is what I that's what I call the
media party okay it's 12:30 we've spent
half our time me Kevin sing about the UK
and then going to some comments but I
actually have brought some videos with
me today I can try and get through them
I got four videos here let's take care
of the last one from London when I was
in London
I went into the court 19 minutes dr.
Tommy went outside did a lot of videos
from the street if you want to see my
videos they're all up on Tommy trial
comm and so I was there with our
cameraman ad and Gavin was there and his
cameraman Stuart and we sat down at a
pub JSONP I says thank you as your for
doing what you're doing hey thank you
for an amazing super chat contribution
Jaison so we're sitting in this pub
right there on the street uploading our
video because because our cameramen
record like all these megabytes of video
footage but we gotta upload them from
their cameras to our world headquarters
here in Canada to be edited and uploaded
right just filming it so we're so we're
in the pub and added in Stuart are
uploading and I'm obviously snacking I
had just arrived that morning Gavin's
there and we're there for about an hour
and Gavin says oh my god look at that
look at that look at that and he says he
points to a guy outside on the street
says that's a jihadi
that's a terrorist or something you
didn't say terrorist he said something
like it and I said what do you mean and
he pointed out that fellow to me and and
and it's true because I had earlier when
I was I told you when I was in the
canteen was in the cafeteria
I heard some cops talking about they had
Intel that a jihadist was coming I
didn't mention that to you when I was in
the cafeteria there was a ton of cops
with us for our own protection by the
way and there was like 1,500 Tommy fans
outside so we were up there in the
cafeteria there was probably three cops
and three court police it felt good
felt safe head of security for the court
was there
hey I overheard them talking about some
jihadi all right I thought well I'm glad
they know so I guess this was the guy
and gaps areas there is I said well look
there's so many cops here
I'm not afraid and
maybe I should be maybe I'm stupid and I
got IDI or cam man and he was uploading
stuff but you know I said well it's
going let's go and talk to him and I
just I said well how do you know he's a
she had he and Gavin showed me a story
about him in one of these newspapers the
independent and he was on some TV show
about jihadis I thought all right what's
up for me let's just go up and talk to
him so I did and it's about a 15 minute
interview and I encourage you to watch
the whole thing on Tommy trial calm but
I thought I'd share with you in case you
missed it
Alex can we play all I don't know maybe
two minutes of my interview with it she
had a real name Ricardo McFarland but he
of course has taken a jihadi name take a
listen
who says real avance from the rebel dawn
media in Canada what's your name aback
you are you also go by the name Ricardo
McFarland that used to be your name I'm
talking this morning and can I ask what
brought you here today we're here for
the Tommy Robinson event you know what
so it starts that way can you guys fast
forward to when I asked him about what
his punishment for Tommy would be I
asked him and that's about two-thirds or
three-quarters of the way through I say
what do you think should be done to
Tommy and he says well the Sharia
punishment for blasphemy and I said
what's that here know what I put my
hands up that's all in the debate Tom
Robinson if you put sound opposite no I
was wrong about this you know or even
even out the intellectual debate with
knowledgeable Muslim okay on the same
things he's saying then 100 or a lot you
know that's fine
what is saying is very provocative and
it's very disingenuous can I ask you a
few quick questions that I get again are
you've been very generous your time and
I know these are the folks you want to
talk to you just some quick snappers do
you think that do you think that someone
who is a homosexual should be allowed to
be a teacher in a school setting sir
do you think that someone who is gay
who's a homosexual should they be
allowed to be a teacher in the school in
the UK I don't think it makes any sense
well it doesn't make sense if someone is
I don't think they should be but I don't
fingers homosexual well the gay people
think there is let me speak but I'm not
asking about the deeper theory I wanted
quick answers should they be allowed
it's important though because there's a
belief that says that you're born gay
and I don't believe that makes okay next
question
should it be against the law to
criticize Mohammad Sagan should it be
against the law to criticize Mohammad
like to draw a cartoon of them well days
against the law it is not real and
instead oh is it acceptable to commit
violence against someone who makes a
cartoon of are you interested in the
foundations of the Sharia I want to I
want to understand who you are cuz I was
told you're a jihadist and I want to
know the truth GT do you accept it went
on for quite a while he was very evasive
but he did confirm for me that he
thought the death penalty was the
appropriate sanction for anyone who
marked Islam he thought that Tommy was
guilty of blasphemy and so the death
penalty should apply I asked him if he
thought gays should be allowed to be
teachers which is an interesting
question I thought he wouldn't answer it
he said there's no such thing as gay I
said if someone told you they were going
to join Isis and become a terrorist
would you report them to the police he
said no I would not I asked him if that
ever happened if anyone told him he went
to join a terrorist group he wouldn't
tell me he was interesting he was a
slippery fish he was evasive he was
vague but you could see there from when
I introduced myself to him at first to
ten minutes in a quite a crowd had
gathered they were hostile to him
obviously they were chanting and argue
and I said hush-hush let me try and
extract some answers from him you can
have at him later it was an interesting
coda to my day there and a reminder that
though we had seen hundreds
I think 1,500 Tommy supporters there
were also people who would kill Tommy if
they could kill him if they could that's
why we had the police freezer when
Bernie says it was a shirt Allen Ansel
said how do you like the flag if you're
talking about the rebel flag I loved it
thing
you very much the Fraser I'm sorry I
just don't quite understand what you
mean and forgive me I just don't
understand what you mean but thank you
for your super chat anyways okay let's
check the time is 1237 what are we doing
it's called super chat I have some video
clips I want to show I kibbutz with you
real time tell you about the week I look
at some chat I try and read all the ones
that are super chats because those help
pay our bills thank you for that I
showed you the jihadi let's do one more
on the jihad theme I want to play two
minutes from is this from Deutsche Welle
which is a German broadcaster friend of
ours translated it into English this is
about as you know Greece is in the
Mediterranean and obviously a lot of the
migrants coming both from Syria in Iraq
and from North Africa why not in Greece
either they go there by boat or the
European Union dumps them there but the
island of lesbos once a tourist
destination is now basically a squalid
refugee camp but that's not all it is
because who runs the refugee camp well
look it's not just Lambs in the refugee
camp it's wolves as well no one is
sorting the Lambs from the wolves when
these folks come over from terrorist
places so well I'll let you watch for
yourself here's two minutes from
Deutsche Ville and strain clan limit
Orden sabotage demolishes oh I had many
human angry fiend Antonius suits insist
see but not seen eisenstein flag not
lost soon by orphans it is a burrow and
vida es de zagging got his course on
today s web you believe him on see how
spike Abreu Allahu Akbar la Barthe
ultimate ultimate dead
that's fair enough you know you get the
point you get the point is that Isis
maybe stopped out in Syria thanks to
Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin but Isis
is alive and well on the Isle of Lesbos
in the refugee camps and that is not
surprising to me maybe surprising to you
but when I was in Germany a couple years
back I met people who had fled Syria and
Iraq to go to Germany and then once in
Germany they had fled the German refugee
absorption centers because they were run
by Isis anyone who is not Muslim must
obviously flee and anyone who was a
moderate Muslim it's called him a lamb
is devoured by the wolves and you heard
there that in this refugee camp in
Greece they attack in packs it's run by
terrorists and by the way you can't even
get into a refugee camp usually if
you're not Muslim when I was in Iraq I
saw with my own eyes refugee camps of
Forgotten refugees Christians and
Yazidis who would either be kept out of
the UN refugee camps by UN officials or
they knew better than to go in because
they would be killed there two fellows
have I missed any chance all right I
want to shift gears
let's check the time it's 12:40 we've
got a few minutes um I saw a little TV
ad today I don't know if it's actually
gonna air but I'd like this ad I liked
it it's it's I'm shifting gears now I'm
talking about other things we talked
enough about Tommy and she had that
can't be the only thing we talked about
the nomination and ratification of Brett
Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court of the
United States has been very interesting
in my view every single allegation
against him has evaporated and ever nest
look that word up for you Evan s
probably heard of the band Evanescence
it's faded away like like vapor but the
damage is done isn't it
take a look at this very touching video
called mums support Kavanagh
I am innocent of this charge
allegedly there I may never be able to
teach again totally
permanently destroyed
yeah what do you think of that I think
that's exactly right
I saw a poll yesterday well Donald Trump
himself tweeted that's how I saw it
Trump's at 50% is back up at 50% a
little bit of wind in the sails and the
Republicans how did that happen
we've just had a disastrous two three
weeks of absolute smears against Brett
Kavanaugh so how could the Republicans
be up
well because although the alt left and
the Soros left and the media party left
and the Feinstein left loved this smear
I think the rest of America said whoa
you guys are crazy
you're going through someone's high
school yearbook about how many beers she
drank in high school you guys are crazy
and not just crazy but you're trying to
set a new standard the me to movement
had a lot of bases especially liberal
Hollywood full of predators like Harvey
Weinstein but to say that Brett
Kavanaugh whose Boy Scout I mean sure he
had some beers and in high school or
college to say that to try and demonize
him as a gang rapists that was actually
one of the things they said just
shocking and I think it's backfired very
much so yeah by the way I just want to
say that while Donald Trump hit 50
percent approval in the Rasmussen poll
yesterday I checked and the latest poll
for Justin Trudeau is 40 percent you
wouldn't it wouldn't think so based on
the treatment that each candidate each
leader has in the mainstream media hey
Alex I just it just clicked in what
freezer my Bernie was referring to can
you bring me that white shirt back there
do you see the white shirt right behind
you there it just come right on over
here I think it just hit me I think I
know exactly yeah thanks what Fraser is
this what you mean the rebel the me tea
party fake news CTV I did I did get it
so I just didn't understand what you
meant at first so thank you very much
for sending that
it was just a bit of a time delay I did
not know what you meant and your super
chat but it was right there
you can't see it from here but through
the glass window in the studio we got a
little makeup I put TV makeup on and
they got a little rack of clothes there
like shirts and stuff and it was right
there so yes I have it and thank you for
that I want to show you one more videos
12:45 oh it's a super chat I hear in my
units take a look see prim pal oh wait
five dollars thank you meanwhile Keith
Ellison accuser came forward right away
and has police reports and medical
records Democrats want her to shut up
and go away in stream media black oh
you're exactly right there is an
absolute double standard Saturday Night
Live had Matt Damon come on to play
Brett Kavanaugh and I got to say Matt
Damon can be a good actor when he wants
to be and I laughed I laughed but I
thought holy Lord Thunder and Jesus Matt
Damon
Matt Damon had his own sexual misconduct
me too moment what what are you doing
watts hi anyway this was Hollywood's Way
of saying hey Matt we know you're a
sexual predator but you can get back in
the cool kids club if you come on
Saturday Night Live and attack Brett
Kavanaugh with everything you got if you
do that if you take the stain of your
own real sexual misconduct and fling it
on Brett Kavanaugh falsely you'll have
bought your your indulgence you'll be
out of purgatory that's what happened
there the left does not actually care
about sexual assault
especially from decades ago it was so
what Bill Clinton would be prosecuted
wouldn't he I got one more video I want
to show you today and I might think of
another you never know you know it's
hard for conservative YouTube channels
like ours that our political commentary
to get a million views now I know that
the best of the best can get them
I can count them on one hand mark dice
can get a million views Paul Joseph
Watson can get a million views steven
crowder can get a million views
obviously joe rogan one of the ways
those guys get a million views is they
only do one video a day or in some of
those cases they only do a couple videos
a week we do 10 videos a day so just the
amount output we have for a number of
reasons we're not going to have 10
million view videos a day more to the
point we are under active censorship by
YouTube something they confirm to us so
we used to be able to get half a million
a million views not rarely but it's been
harder under the new algorithms and if
we have any key we really kicked in by
the way when we went to Iraq that's when
I first noticed it very very harshly
anything with word trudeau feminists or
Isis in it YouTube says no we're not
showing that to anyone even the super
chat we've got 1.0 5 million subscribers
and only half a thousand are watching
many people say they don't even get
notifications
that's YouTube for you that's YouTube
what you can do but I want to show you a
video that is going to hit 1 million
views today it's by our friend Sheila
gun Reid and it's just a great little
video and it's gone so viral
I thought shoot you know that doesn't
happen to have YouTube shuts us down
they D monetize they do things I don't
know if someone was asleep of the switch
but they've neither demonetized nor
suppresses video you take a look in a
lot of those images Dov Galia posts the
trains are mostly empty so if someone
wants to just spread out like who really
cares
well that activist cares but she doesn't
care about politeness or trying not to
take up too much space when there isn't
a lot of space to go around you can see
there's lots of space to share enough
for everybody
Dov gallywix attacking these men who are
very clearly depicted as minding their
own business because they aren't keeping
their legs in a
way she and her feminist leg police
cohorts want them to it's so weird
this Russian protester though she's not
exactly known for her good sense at
least amongst the world of reasonable
people late last year
dove Galya protested the fact that
upskirting or taking clandestine photos
of women from below up their skirts
isn't criminalized in Russia and how did
she protest that injustice
well she stood in the busy st.
Petersburg subway station and lifted her
skirt and flashed her underpants for
hundreds of people to see to a protest
upskirting
yeah that'll teach those horny
upskirting bastards won't it anyway back
to the alleged bleach assaults and
that's really what they are if they
indeed happened they are assault you
can't just go around pouring things onto
other people you don't like and by the
female attackers anyway so you could see
it maybe you can see why it got a lot of
views but it's about this so-called
feminist activist who just goes to
editor of your cottage this feminist
activist in Moscow just walks up to guys
on the subway and pours bleach on their
crotches now there's some question as to
whether or not that's that's real or if
it's like a hoax or a setup
but what Sheila points out is it is very
real that feminists are cheering what
she did whether or not it's a real video
of her pouring acid on people or not or
bleach on them the reaction is you go
girl yeah you pour out you pour bleach
on those guys
right on and she makes a very compelling
point imagine if the roles were reversed
if it was guys pouring bleach on women
in a sexual way or something but I just
wanted to share that video with you if
you haven't seen it you can find it
elsewhere on our YouTube page it's going
to hit a million today I was a good
video it was very well done by Sheila
and I can see what's getting million
views okay I see it's 1251 I see another
super chat from Blaine Sandberg I would
also like to see some actual footage of
what is actually going on on the hotels
that has refugees well that is another
one
Sheila's beats and she has used access
to information requests to get
information from the government about
what these hotels are reporting just for
those of you who are not from Canada our
Prime Minister I call him the shiny Pony
Justin Trudeau has decided to stack
illegal refugees they're not they're not
refugees so then most of them have just
walked across the border from new york
state into canada he's storing them in
hotels like whole migrant families in
hotel he's turning these hotels into
refugees camps but no one's warning the
public so there might be a few empty
rooms in the hotel someone books and
shows up and they say where the hell am
i and it's not just a weirdness it's a
danger it's a risk in a number of ways
and these ways have been documented on
TripAdvisor but two things happen first
of all Trudeau's staff went on
TripAdvisor there's then the scheme to
put fake positive reviews on TripAdvisor
and then TripAdvisor itself started
blocking any critical reviews of hotels
that had these refugee camps and that's
incredible so even more must-see TV from
from Sheila there I seen on the super
chat from SN who says can the men Zoid
make a video feed regarding faith Goldie
being destroyed by censorship well you
know my view on faith Goldie is what
I've shared the forum we fired her a
year ago because she went on a
explicitly neo-nazi podcast on the daily
stormer the name itself is a an allusion
to Hitler's propaganda newspaper
disturber and frankly the reasons that
we fired faith a year ago persists and
she is not ameliorated corrected amended
or repudiated what she did there or for
frankly the year afterwards and while I
have expressed myself about half an hour
ago that I object to
public or quasi-public organizations
banning any legitimate candidate for
office from attending a forum or from
buying ads that is not the same as me
supporting for its candidacy which I do
not I don't feel the need to weigh in in
the heavy manner I don't think she has a
chance of winning I don't even think she
would claim she does I think the
campaign itself was actually being
fairly well done but she has a stinger
in her she's had it in her for a year
and she's had this year long Odyssey of
things she's said in public that are
just unacceptable things and you can't
just delete some old tweets and pretend
that year never happened that was not a
privates
you know detour that was not a you know
there was there was an extremely public
bender of racialism if not outright
racism and you can't just delete some
tweets and pretend it's done and then
nobody noticed it may be that you know
very few people actually listen to the
daily storm or podcast but I did listen
to it and I I don't think that until
faith addresses those errors and
judgments of the last year I don't think
that she ought to be supported and
that's again as I said about 45 minutes
ago about Tommy Robinson you don't have
to agree with someone support them or
even like them to support their free
speech so I would of course support
faith it's free speech as I would
support any Canadian citizen having free
speech and if you meet the test to run
for public office you should be able to
run for office and if there's a public
forum you should be allowed into the
public forum if it's on private property
by private event they ought to have the
right to exclude you based on their own
freedom of association but that's
different than supporting your tenancy
which I'm afraid I can't do but other
than really talking about it in super
chance when people press me on the
subject I don't feel compelled to weigh
in I'm not going to do a I'm not going
to do a big video on it new
you're not going to make a big to-do
about it I think I think the election is
going to come and go in a couple weeks
and it's going to be over and I think
that's all I have to say about that it
is 12:56 we have four more minutes I'm
not going to try and read the do any new
video clip I'm going to read some more
comments Alex oh three nine three well
after the pants are off I'd have a
homicide so we just add to the top okay
I don't know what that means
pepper five two four three five I used
to be against spanking nine I don't know
you know there's a lot of comments here
that seem to be off topic
Scientologists are voting in Florida
that's why the Democratic Party mean to
take Florida over I don't know where I'm
looking for a comment that's on point
here Lauren southern what has she said
that is unacceptable
alright I'll answer that well when she
was on the daily stormer which is a
neo-nazi podcast it just is she said I
salute you she said god bless you
she said I'd love to come back for the
full two hours show there was the the
neo-nazi who was hosting the show me at
a Jewish joke about me I tell Jewish
jokes about myself and I don't even mind
Jewish jokes most of the time I tell
them that but when you're on an
explicitly neo-nazi show and the
neo-nazi host makes a Jewish joke and
you finish the punch line for him
without pushing back in any way that has
a different context so I think we were
about four things you can still find
that appearance that she made on the
neo-nazi show online and you can't go on
I mean there I mean would I ever go on
the daily stormer is there a possible
way that someone who's not anti-semitic
could go on an anti-semitic show well
obviously yes if you're going to learn
about them and report back if you're
going to speak truth to power if you're
going to debate them of course I don't
think I would have the interest to do
that here but it's possible that's not
what faith in she went on that and
expressed her unreserved support and had
no dividing line between her and her
house I listened to the whole thing very
carefully at no point whatsoever does
she indicate any discomfort with their
motives their mission their actions at
all in fact it was almost like she was
finishing their sentences for the men in
the case the Jewish joke she was a I say
again I'm not against Jewish jokes but
when you're on a neo-nazi show and the
host makes a Jewish joke it's got a
different context and if you're just
bantering you're showing that you down
with the with the dent what more extreme
after that there are some contexts in
which you can refer to the for the 14
words of white Nash
but faith went on a one-year racialist
bender she just did bad judgment badge
and just no one pulling her back no one
caring enough about her to pull her back
and then about a month ago she snaps out
of it and says I'm gonna run for mayor
in the most multi-ethnic city in Toronto
I'm gonna scrub my Twitter feed of
anything racialist and I'm gonna take as
many selfies with visible minorities as
I can and just pretend the last year
didn't happen I don't think you can do
that without having a moment of
reflection and reconsideration and and
correction unless she thinks there's
nothing that needs to be corrected and
if I guess what I'm talking about owning
or disowning the past year that's him
talking about and I mean that's in
specific answer to your question about
faith
one more super chair from tama g
checkerboarding our irregular is also
sent to apartment buildings by a regular
so I'm sure you mean illegal aliens I
don't know if there's sense there but of
course there are refugees and refugee
applicants and illegal immigrants who
have apartment housing who have houses
some of them are homeless shelters yes
they're housed in the great many ways
the reason I pointed out of the hotels
is because that's a particularly
inappropriate way to warehouse families
with kids don't you think
we're out of time I see there's some
some folks here who don't like my
comments on faith Goldie that's fine
I as I've said two faiths both publicly
and privately her comments on open
borders migration state-sponsored
extreme multiculturalism left-wing ISM
big government ISM my agree with those
but I do not agree with her abiding of
neo-nazis and she did on that broadcast
and then she went further down that road
and if she's come back from that road
she I think owes the public an
explanation of why she went down it if
it was an error to correct the error and
to restate clearly where she is today
obviously none of these racialist issues
have been brought up by her in her
campaign to be mayor of a multicultural
multiracial city and I just know too
much about what she did on that neo-nazi
podcast and what she did in the years
that followed to be like I think most
Torontonians who don't know that
backstory so if you've just met faith
for the first time since here on the
campaign trail talking about crime and
sanctuary cities and taxes you say yeah
right on
and if you see her fighting censorship
you say yeah right on that's all I know
about faith I'd say yeah right on but I
know why I fired her a year ago and
those reasons still persist today I
would fire her again today for those
reasons not because she's against crime
or against sanctuary cities I am too
this Sun why we fired her
anyways this question always comes up on
super chat and I suppose I'll answer
them at least until the campaign is over
and then maybe the questions will stop I
hope that faith does reconsider what she
said a year ago and explained to the
public if she has had second thoughts
but so far she's not done so folks it's
already 102 we've gone two minutes late
that's it for me until our 8 p.m. show
tonight 8 p.m. Eastern Time until then
on behalf of all of us here at revel
world headquarters good bye and keep
fighting for freedom
you
