well Emre was recently fired from his
job as a waiter because he was rude he
was aggressive and he was disrespectful
ray doesn't deny these allegations in
fact he kind of embraces these character
traits so it is that he has filed a
discrimination complaint with the BC
Human Rights Tribunal you see being
aggressive rude and disrespectful are
not character flaws but rather ray
claims they are all part and parcel of
his French heritage
full disclosure folks this is not an
April Fool's Day goof there will be no
big reveal at the end of this commentary
in which I pronounced just kidding nope
this story is as real or as surreal as
it gets in any event mr. ray used to ply
his craft as a waiter at a Vancouver
milestones restaurant he was evidently
quite good at his job but he had some
baggage too namely there were numerous
complaints that he was aggressive rude
and disrespectful
given that milestones in the hospitality
business restaurant management decided
to bid adieu to ray but Ray promptly
filed a complaint against his former
employer with the BC Human Rights
Tribunal the basis of his complaint is
that being aggressive rude and
disrespectful are inherent traits to his
French heritage seriously furthermore
ray argues that behavior that others
interpret as being aggressive rude and
disrespectful are in a French context
actually direct honest and professional
despite both parties agreeing mr. ray
was good at his job
the restaurants manager said Ray's
action left a colleague quote borderline
in tears end quote now the owner of
milestones foodservice giant Keira
operations limited was hoping to have
this complaint dismissed no chance
Keira is learning the hard way that
there is no complaint - trait for a
Human Rights Tribunal
after all job 1 when it comes to
Canada's ongoing human rights grievance
bureaucracy is - well growth a
bureaucracy dismissing a complaint even
one is outrageous as race
well that's simply bad for the Human
Rights racketeering business and so it
is that tribunal member Deven canzano
stated quote mr. ray will have to
explain what it is about his French
heritage that would result in behavior
that people misinterpret as a violation
of workplace standards of acceptable
conduct end quote Oh Oh did you catch
that surname concen L that kind of
sounds French to me if I'm Carroll
operations I already don't like the way
this is going and get this there might
even be a body of evidence that actually
supports Ray's claims
recently the website insider.com ran a
story entitled six reasons why Americans
think French waiters are rude and why
they're wrong those reasons range from
waiters who never smile to waiters who
forbid menu substitutions but the story
quotes a source who notes that in France
quote waiters are seen not as personal
servants but as food servers with
panache end quote
now panache is a French word that means
flamboyant confidence of style or manner
I guess the tribunal case will boil down
to whether or not Ray was being to
panache E for Canadian sensibilities
meanwhile as an indicator of how
inexplicable this tale is just check out
the media coverage from the Washington
Post to the UK's independent this tale
has gone viral around the world and
should when she array prevail in his
tribunal hearing man oh man what a
precedent that shall be set for the
reveled media I'm David the men's ID
Menzies
hey folks the Breville has a brand new
app please download that app and take
the rebel with you wherever you go
you
