so which movie opened last weekend
that's being criticized by the usual
suspects for committing cultural
appropriation hint it was a cartoon so
Wes Anderson's animated feature Isle of
Dogs scored a very impressive 93 percent
on Rotten Tomatoes it features a
talented cast providing the voice work
including Bryan Cranston Bill Murray and
Jeff Goldblum and it looks beautiful
check it out the japanese archipelago'
20 years in the future
canine saturation has reached epidemic
proportions an outbreak of dog flu
ripped through the city of Mecca Saki
mayor Kobayashi issues emergency orders
calling for a hasty quarantine trash
island becomes an exiled colony the Isle
of Dogs I don't think I can stomach any
more of this garbage well you can
already see what the problem is here
because it is 2018 if an English
American white man like Anderson depicts
those of Japanese culture it is
automatically labeled cultural
appropriation as opposed to cultural
homage by various social justice
warriors who can't possibly go a single
week without complaining about a
supposed slight to any identifiable
group that is not white and/or Christian
I won't go into their lame-o arguments
about how Isle of Dogs supposedly
dehumanizes Asians it's not worth your
time folks but it's hard to imagine that
even the most spineless snowflake could
find this film offensive and even if
Isle of Dogs is indeed guilty of
cultural appropriation
so what cultures have been appropriated
since the dawn of man isn't imitation
the sincerest form of flattery but it
would appear we are at a juncture at
least according to the politically
correct net
Bob's negativity that if you make a
movie said in Asia then the cast and
crew must all be Asian if you're
planning to hop aboard the Black Panther
franchise better make sure you have the
right skin color even though the Black
Panther character was created by Stan
Lee and Jack Kirby to Jewish white kids
from New York but here's what I say to
the milquetoast Millennials and their
allies and crying about cultural
appropriation in Hollywood these days
you might think you know cultural
appropriation but you don't know jack
indeed there are examples throughout the
decades of truly egregious or at least
embarrassing examples of cultural
appropriation but we're talking about
going back a half century or so and
because I am trying to render a public
service here here are my three examples
of the most outrageously miscast actors
when it comes to portraying members of a
different culture now my second
runner-up is one or Ã¶land
a Swedish American actor who portrayed
the fictional Hawaiian Asian detective
Charlie Chan here zoeland in the 1936
flick Charlie Chan at the Olympics which
unfortunately does not end with
detective Chen and his number one son
kicking the crap out of Hitler you're a
fine officer mr. Chang you are through
with her duty even though it meant
risking your son's life that for
oriental to lose life than to lose face
also Confucius say this movie never get
made today now my first runner up in
terms of outrageous cultural
appropriation miss casting is 1968 stay
away Joe featuring Elvis Presley as a
half-breed that's the studio's
descriptor folks not mine and Tomas
Gomez and burgess Meredith as
full-fledged Native American Indians
yeah that's right
the penguin played an Indian
whatever they talk to ceremony I gotta
run Wow who knew things were so wild and
wacky down on the res during the
swinging 60s and from Indians the
Cowboys have you thought John Wayne's
entire career was about portraying
riflemen in the Wild West well he went
far east for his role as Genghis Khan
yes the mongol khan in the 1956
Bulgarian feta cheese fest known as the
Conqueror I share your taste in women
target a but not in blood
they'll charter a woman Wow is it just
me or do you expect Genghis Khan to
finish every sentence with pilgrim but
that's my number one flick when it comes
to celluloid cultural appropriation
bottom line
maybe those flicks and various other
films from yesteryear were guilty of
wince-inducing moments of cultural
appropriation but I love dogs
really if you truly think this animated
film is guilty of such a slight please
get a life already for the rebel dog
media I'm David the men's I'd Menzies
hey folks you may have heard the rebel
has a brand new app please download that
app and take the rebel with you wherever
you go
you
