have we reached the jump the shark natal
moment in terms of Justin Trudeau's
never-ending apology tour because this
time around Justin just apologized for
an allegedly heinous act that was
committed by Canada a full three years
before Canada even existed as a nation
well when he's not vacationing Justin
Trudeau is apologizing since taking
office he's never stopped apologizing
typically turning on the waterworks as
he does so from gays and natives to
Islamist terrorists our prime minister
just can't stop his Mia culpa kabuki
dance indeed you may recall how we took
inventory of Trudeau's apology Palooza
tour last December here's a brief
excerpt on apologizing to the
aboriginals of Newfoundland and Labrador
for the residential school system we are
being reunited with a Syrian refugee one
year later so my memory is that that
moment went back to my being a Syria -
before war our life our happiness there
on apologizing to lesbians gays
bisexuals transsexuals and queers for
discriminatory policies
Wow who would have thought that some
bird course drama degree could be put to
such good use just one hitch though
justin is rapidly running out of things
to apologize for on the behalf of Canada
so he's digging deep into his tickle
trunk dusting off some old history books
and trying to dredge up something
anything he can apologize for even if
that apology predates Canada as a nation
and such as the case of six native
Chiefs who were hanged in British
Columbia upon the conclusion of the
Chilcotin war but check out the time
line folks that Chilcotin war was fought
in 1864 that's a full three years before
Canada came into being as for British
Columbia it didn't join confederation
until 1871 whether or not the hangings
were justified as a matter of historical
perspective but if these hangings did
indeed constitute a war crime it was not
something the Government of Canada was
complicit in because as previously
stated there was no such thing as a
Dominion of Canada at that time and
British Columbia as its name would imply
was still under British colonial rule so
it would seem to me if an apology is
indeed warranted in this matter should
it not be emanating from Theresa May and
her House of Commons good luck with that
proposal and moving ahead
what other pre Confederation Canada
events will Justin apologize for in the
near future hmm let's see now oh here's
a freebie for Justin I'll write it for
him
dear USA regarding that war of 1812
thingy we're really really really sorry
for burning down the White House please
send us a bill for the replacement cost
so that Canada can make good on
reparations and hey do you guys accept
Canadian Tire money for the Raval dot
media I'm David the men's Lloyd Menzies
hey folks the Breville has a brand new
app please download that app and take
the rubble with you wherever
go
you
