Hey
destruction of private property CSL out
he gets raped by somebody and they're
like IQ sixteen year old and I can't
have this be
I think we should keep it it's a baby if
someone is raped and she gave birth and
she decided to kill her three-year-old
child
that's pretty crazy eh let's watch it in
because it's very short look at a few
things the the blue haired girl at the
left she's a pro-choice protestor but
she's fine for what I can see now she
seems to confirm a reek lair statement
that this guy had just been vandalizing
their property she says it was all
caught on tape you can see there's
another pro-life girl trying to wipe
something off her arm I don't know maybe
maybe something that was written on her
with a mark I don't know and then to the
right you can see an elderly couple and
then there's this jumpy male feminist
and when the cameras turned on he goes
in to show off mode perform mode
emotional mode maybe panic mode I don't
know maybe because he was caught on the
marker thing he thought well what the
heck I'm trapped now I don't know he
disses little dance and then he kicks
her let's just watch it again
hey destruction of private property CSL
out he gets raped by somebody and
they're like I knew 16 year-old and I
could have
I think you should keep it it's a baby
if someone is raped and she gave birth
and she decided to kill her
three-year-old child
didn't your mama tell you don't punch a
girl didn't your daddy tell you that
don't you know that don't you know man
and then there's little voice he says he
cries out in pain he kicks her and he
cries honey but I only meant to kick
your phone I only meant to get your
phone he winds it three times as if he's
the victim because his further plans for
more assaults and batteries and
vandalism and mischief
you know those plans were a little bit
further then even he was comfortable
with and he just plain old wound up and
kicked a girl I don't know in the face
in the hand I don't quite know in the
hand for sure as if I meant to only kick
your phone is a justification or an
excuse for violence what a coward of
course typical male feminist of course
he's there for a woman's right to choose
he says unless they make a choice that
he doesn't like and then he'll wind up
and cake them in the face right in the
middle of a peaceful and calm
conversation now you've got to be a
special kind of stupid to punch or kick
someone in the face while they're
filming you that's an excerpt from my
daily show the Ezra Levant show weekdays
at 8:00 p.m. Eastern every day I do a
monologue interview a guest and read my
fan mail and my hate mail to subscribe
go to the rebel on media slash shows
you
