meet Brady Forrest a really hip student
senator who tried to pass a resolution
supporting res Mia Oda a Palestinian
terrorist who orchestrated a bombing
that killed two jerusalem college
students
Brady's running for another office at
George Washington University but is
having a bit of difficulty let's take a
look George Washington University
student Brady force is running for his
student councils executive vice
president position and got the
endorsement of the school newspaper on
Monday but it's the day later that
endorsement was rescinded after the
discovery of anti-israel posts made by
the students force gives a trigger
warning to this post where he says I
can't in good conscience attend the
multicultural Winter Formal given the
involvement of the Jewish student
association in GW Hillel both
organizations are complicit and
supportive of the State of Israel and
programs and ideology that are exclusive
and racist the GW Hatchett commented on
the post saying it alienated an entire
group of students on campus by
conflating all people over a religion
political view and nationality as being
racist and just like most leftist it's
not enough for Brady to acknowledge a
different political opinion and get on
with his life
no the personal is political and the
student senator must demonize people
with whom he disagrees here he is
quoting an activist saying that the
founder of Zionism is Satan in disguise
and that it maintains its power through
terrorism what a facile way of viewing
the world people with whom I disagree
aren't just wrong they're also evil and
let me just redefine the word terrorism
so it conveniently includes self-defense
counterterrorism pretty much anything
that doesn't favor my political team it
troubled me that a candidate for vice
president running on a platform of
inclusivity appears to care so little
about making sure Jewish students feel
included on campus said all of I store
fur who posted for statement on the
Winter Formal his decision to single out
the Jewish Student Association out of
all the other groups involved in the
faith in environment panel and
multicultural Winter Formal felt far
removed from his platform some might
call Forrest hypocritical but oh wait
that shirt on his facebook cover photo
only condescendingly calls out people
who are racist SEC
Syst homophobic and transphobic nothing
there about anti-israel or anti-semitism
for campus unmasked i'm rob from shocked
if you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
