in movies we love and underdog but not
just characters the longshot movies that
in spite of the lack of budget or
costume wearing lead draw us into the
theater movies whose stories are
compelling whose dramas are real and
whose messages leave us inspired I can
only imagine is the tremendous true
story of Bart Millard who came from a
nowhere town an extremely abusive home
and used that pain of life and the hope
that he found in Jesus Christ to create
one of the most famous and popular songs
of all time but some people aren't
impressed this film is already a box of
success and beat the second weekend of a
hundred million dollar Disney movie a
wrinkle in time let's see why I'm Ben
Davies this is pure Hollywood
I can only imagine was made for seven
million dollars and has already grossed
over seventeen million dollars opening
weekend it was directed by the Irwin
brothers who fun fact directed my very
first scene in any film I ever did which
was courageous back in 2011 so shout out
to you guys congratulations on another
great project I actually had the good
fortune to meet Bart Millard at the Dove
Awards when we were out for
inspirational film for the movie I'm not
ashamed he is as genuine and it's
amazing as you actually could imagine in
person now people have absolutely loved
this movie bolstering over 96% on Rotten
Tomatoes from the viewers and even
critics gave it a pretty big thumbs up
by giving it 65 percent so why would Vox
released an article downplaying the
success of this film with a title quote
what this weekend's big box of a
surprise tells us about the faith-based
movie audience unquote where they go on
to say that this movie was catnip for
its Christian themes and getting the
audience to rally behind it and say that
the main reason for this movie's success
is that it's about the song I can only
imagine
I guess Vox just cracked the code so I
guess the next studio or producers that
want to have a low budget movie become a
success just do it about the Macarena
Jolin or smells like teen spirit just
bass a movie on a famous song and it'll
make millions at the box office
see how that guy's or maybe it's because
this movie is actually a beautiful true
story that stirs emotion not because of
the song itself but because of the life
leading up to it there's a scene in the
movie that is also in the trailer where
Bart Miller tells his life story he then
says I wrote this song in ten minutes
he's then corrected by someone who tells
him no you didn't write this in 10
minutes you wrote this over a lifetime
my viewer view is a four out of five
this really is a beautiful and engaging
story about a true underdog from the
middle of nowhere with all the pressure
in the world leading him away from his
calling of music to find his way back in
spite of being completely abandoned by
his mother and living in an unbelievably
horrific and relentless abuse from his
father and it is captivating to watch a
life started like that in such horror
and pain going into the future and
seeing this incredible purpose fulfilled
in the hearts of millions inspired and
changed because of the song that he was
created from that experience and as a
critic I'm gonna give this movie a 4 out
of 5 I always say you have to judge a
film on what it is not what it is and
obviously you judge a hundred million
dollar production differently than a
movie that's trying to make a compelling
story with seven million dollars and
this movie did so many things right
throughout it and I really accredit the
team that was behind it
the script is very well structured when
you know the end result you know the
song everyone has heard the song and you
kind of know the beginning from the TRO
that is tragic it is the story and the
script that you string together that is
so important to keep the audience moving
forward and caring about each scene
going on they do this by showing the
historical points specifically he was
here at this location then here at this
location and goes back and forth so you
know it's more captivating you know
exactly where they were at what time
it's very cool to where they do that as
well as specifically creating scenes
that are incredibly emotional and
engaging and this lands on some of the
performances themselves specifically
Dennis Quaid who gave one of the best
performances of his career he was
absolutely haunting and and and
wonderful in the role playing the father
of Bart Miller and one of my favorite
stories to come out of this movie Dennis
Quaid gave an interview where he said
this movie completely touched his heart
so profoundly that he finished his own
Christian song that he'd been working on
for years for his mother's 91st birthday
it was it's an awesome interview I
encourage you guys to check it out and
read that interview my faith and values
is a five out of five if there was
anyone who deserved to be resentful to
give in to anger or malice and live a
life of victimhood and move away from
their true purpose and potential it was
Bart Miller this story is a wonderful
example of the Lord working all things
to the good of those who love him and
are called according to his purpose
without the pain there would not have
been the healing song that many have
clung to even if you're not a Christian
this story shows the power of
forgiveness and then what that weight
can do when it's finally lifted from you
what a burden it truly is in your life
I really hope Hollywood will continue to
allow these kind of movies to make it to
the big screen and even take a few
elements from it and put those back into
the movies that have been so removed for
so many years and in spite of what Vox
says this movie is not just a cheap drug
to get people in the seats the movie is
great because the message is true and
well done and on top of that it's
messages that we are all hungry for and
that are well done when they finally put
on screen but if you don't want to go
through the work of putting together a
really good production in a compelling
story you could always just talk about
social justice issues immigration and
socialism and then you'd probably get a
pat on the back from every single critic
as you walk in the door
I bet Davies this is pure Hollywood and
another fantastic news you can now
download the rebel up and take me with
you wherever you go to get exclusive
content in the entire rebel lineup
you
