a judge sentenced 25 year old teacher
Umar hacked to life in prison for
numerous counts of hideous facial hair
in public no actually this diehard isis
teacher was trying to radicalize over a
hundred children to kill and martyr
themselves for a law let's take a look
the lantern of knowledge Islamic School
in East London employed umar hack as an
administrator
he had no qualifications but that didn't
stop him from teaching over a hundred
eleven to fourteen year old kids during
after school Islamic studies courses now
these classes were a bit more
substantive than the gender studies
queer studies and other nonsense you're
used to hearing about and I don't mean
substantive in the sense of practical or
interesting you see hack showed his
students Isis beheading videos made them
role play attacking cops and planned on
using them to strike Big Ben the
queensguard and dozens of other targets
wow I guess the old saying is true those
who can't do brainwash others to carry
out terrorist attacks for them oh and
here's the kicker the parents of kids at
the Islamic school were paying for those
after-school courses let's hear from the
Metropolitan Police he was showing them
concerning videos terrorist videos of
the headings people being murdered and
seriously injured and and he threatened
those children that if they raised the
alarm and went to their teachers and
their parents if something similar would
happen to them now the very aptly named
hack wasn't just employed at one school
no he was an overachiever and also held
a job in another school where he had
accessed even more young minds hack also
worked at the Hoffs academy in new um
another independent Muslim school and
taught in this tent at a mosque in
Barking he notebooks found at his home
he wrote of recruiting an army of 300
boys in this entry he lists the weapons
they would need guns knives bombs and a
chainsaw British authorities have placed
thirty-five of hacks students in a
long-term D radicalization program pack
was a dangerous liar Justice Charles
Haddon cave said he is intelligent
articulate and persuasive with an easy
smile he is narcissistic and clearly
enjoys the power he wields over others
he told hack you have violated the Koran
in Islam by your actions as well as the
law of all civilized people it is hoped
you will come to realize this now I know
people love to talk about punitive
versus educational justice systems and
how are being too mean to criminals and
just need to read them a book but
honestly how many of these guys are
actually poor misguided souls who just
need a bit of guidance not everything is
a social construct when it comes to
radical Islam some people are depraved
some people are deceived and some people
are gingers for campus unmasked I'm Rob
sim shop if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe if something
happens on your campus and you'd like us
to investigate send us details using the
forum on campus unmask calm
