so this guy our Darryl Fisher who was
running for sheriff in Buncombe County
as a Democrat of course was speaking to
the group moms demand action which is
one of these Michael Bloomberg groups
yep and he said you know he referred to
the old Trenton Heston thing you know
from my cold dead hands you won't take
this gun and he said okay sure let's pry
it from here called dead hens and that
is actually a pretty widespread talking
point among Democrats because we were at
the March in Washington DC this big
David hog rally in DC oh the one like
the one they lied about when they said
they hate hundred thousand people that
they only had two hundred thousand and
no conservatives were allowed there was
no dissenting points of view allowed us
it was smaller than Trump's inauguration
by the way yeah and so they were there
were signs everywhere about gun
confiscation you know from your cold
dead hands they kept referring to that
line so I think that it actually is a
Democrat talking point behind the scenes
they're getting this out through their
messaging and gun confiscation is a big
big talking point right now and and many
of them are being very brazen about it
well yeah I got into it this morning
with Michael Ian Black well I'm get into
it we went back and forth it was polite
the comedian on Twitter far-left guy
because John Paul Stevens 97 year old
former Supreme Court justice it wrote an
op-ed in the New York Times that we
should repeal the Second Amendment now
let's forget that he's 97 years old so
let's give him a pass we'll take care of
I've year-old and I'll see you 97 but it
takes 34 see this is the problem
liberals are ignorant and I don't say
that in a derogatory way I say that in
the truest definition of the word
ignorant they're truly without knowledge
they don't understand that it would take
34 states a convention of stage
two-thirds of the state legislatures to
even entertain the nonsensical notion of
repealing the Second Amendment something
that would never happen they think that
it's a stroke of the wand some federal
judge says the Second Amendment goes
away it goes away the troubling part
isn't their ignorance it's how many
Americans would actually be on board
repealing a right that to me is scary
this is really really important content
I want to bring it to you every day I've
got so many stories like this coming up
for you but please subscribe to our
premium service let me keep doing it by
subscribing to our premium service @ww
at the rebel dot media ford slash shows
