communities that you loved hat at a
euphemism where I come from for Muslims
like Asians that's a euphemism the BBC
use as well from Muslim population if a
hundred men are found guilty of raping
our children in mass grooming gangs the
BBC uses the term Asian so it throws a
few Sikhs half of India and a bit of
Taiwan under the bus as well so that the
Pakistani men raping our children don't
get hurt he feelings that's the country
I live in the Pakistani men sent down
this week for abusing girls as young as
13 in Oxford a city they were called
Oxford men by the BBC press these Oxford
men I have their names here some have
gone premier a br halis van awesome
Kamran had rahim hamid allah heeda you
offer yeah Oxford Oxford men those yeah
really
and if you can't be honest about that
problem you can't fix that problem
either
you
