British Columbia has a cholera outbreak
on their hands their medieval-style
public sanitation standards have
hospitalized more people than Kinder
Morgan's pipeline ever has BC has an
outbreak of cholera happening on
Vancouver Island medical officials say
at least four people have contracted the
illness after eating herring eggs
harvested on the coast of Vancouver
Island cholera is as gross as you
probably think it is it causes nausea
vomiting and diarrhea that can lead to
extreme dehydration even death
cholera may be passed from person to
person but it's usually contracted from
bacteria in food or water sources
infected with fecal matter
this isn't cholera that was contracted
in one of the places in the world that
still has it like Haiti or Africa or
Southeast Asia
now this outbreak is homegrown it's all
ours hidden way down near the end of a
CTV article mixed in with the usual
excuses about climate change is the
truth our oceans are a valuable resource
for food travel recreation and they're
under pressures from sewage from boat
traffic and from rising temperatures our
health is connected to the oceans and I
think this is a sign of that now that
quote is from Island Health Medical
Officer of Health dr. Shannon waters but
it's odd climate change is it unless
climate change caused the last cholera
outbreak in Canada in the 1800's that
outbreak caused about 20,000 deaths no
it's the sewage BC keeps dumping into
their oceans that's right BC dumps their
raw sewage right into the very same
whale habitats they say a pipeline could
harm if a pipeline ever spills there
Victoria BC as of 2016 discharges 82
million litres of sewage into the ocean
every single day untreated but
apparently screened and a hundred years
of using the Pacific Ocean as a toilet
is taking its toll in fact bc's public
health agencies really should have seen
this problem coming since it's been
fomenting like an outhouse for decades
BC has had ongoing problems with
coliform or the e.coli bacteria on their
beaches since at least the 1960s the
National Post article says signs warning
about sewage started popping up on 28
beaches in the mid to late 1960s then
there have been elevated coliform levels
detected on BC beaches and swimming
areas for at least the last decade that
makes swimming and recreational boating
a little bit dangerous
at one point frustrated Vancouver Island
residents formed an advocacy group
called people opposed to outflow
pollution or poop and they adopted a
turd shaped and mascot named mr.
floaties to draw attention to the actual
pollution they have to live with on
their coastlines NBC likes to say it
isn't all that bad because they screen
for solids like that matters but in 2015
that screening system failed in 3
million liters of unscreened untreated
sewage discharged into clover point
imagine if 3 million litres of oil had
poured into clover point imagine the
outcry and this has me worried about
Quebec they - for all their anti oil
posturing keep dumping their untreated
effluent into their waterways with the
full consent of Canada's climate
crusading earth muffin Environment
Minister Catherine McKenna
we know Quebec's marine sewage dumps
have caused massive fish kills how long
until they cause a human death from
cholera or some Black Plague era disease
now I love to build a pipeline through
these Quebec town so that they could use
some of the extra property tax revenue
to stave off ecoli and dysentery and
people who just want to fish and swim
and bode in their local rivers BC uses
their coastline as a weapon against any
fossil fuel development they use the
threat of any potential oil spill no
matter how potentially small or unlikely
as a means to block any development any
threat is just too great of a threat
then except a third-world disease is now
rearing its ugly faecal soaked head in
British Columbia because they are in
reality in all practical senses
such terrible stewards of their
coastlines sort of protesting against
state-of-the-art pipelines
if the BC environmentalists left
actually cared about the oceans or the
whales or whatever shield against
Alberta they've picked up against us
today they should be protesting down at
the Ministry of Health or down at the
Public Works office to get the province
to bring beautiful British Columbia's
Public Health into at least the 19th
century but if you've ever seen an anti
pipeline protest encampment you'd know
sanitation isn't exactly high on their
list of priorities for the rebel dot
media I'm Sheila gunroom guys bad news
fake news is everywhere but the good
news is so are we we have a brand new
rebel media app you can get it on the
Apple App Store or the Google Play Store
download it give it a whirl and take the
other side of the story with you
wherever you go
