ranks the 10th worst college for Jewish
students by the alga miner San Francisco
State University has partnered with a
Palestinian college that supports jihad
band a Jewish hello group from
participating in a school fair
and was the site of a protest where
students shouted down Jerusalem mayor
near barked at now Jewish students are
suing the university for what they call
a long and documented history of
anti-semitism but San Francisco State
President Leslie Wong recently
apologized for an interview in which he
would not say Zionists were welcome on
campus my comments about Zionists and
whether or not they are welcomed at San
Francisco State University caused a lot
of anguish and deeply hurt feelings Wang
said let me be clear
Zionists are welcome on our campus so
people who believe in the
self-determination of Jewish people in
their homeland of Israel are welcome at
a public university pretty reasonable
right well not according to Rabab
ibrahim abdul hadi an SF su professor of
ethnic studies and race and resistance
studies who said she considers Wong's
statement welcoming Zionists to campus
equating Jewishness with Zionism and
giving Hillel ownership of campus
Jewishness to be a declaration of war
against Arabs Muslims Palestinians and
all those who are committed to an
indivisible sense of justice on and off
campus she says she wants the school
social justice mission to be restored
but then says Zionists are not welcomed
on our campus well that doesn't sound
very inclusive does it last week 60
Jewish Christian civil rights and
general education organizations teamed
up to write a letter to the California
State University system calling Abdul
hotties comments appalling and deeply
disturbing especially given the
reposting of the statement on the page
of the university's Arab and Muslim
ethnicities and diaspora studies of
which the professor is director the 60
groups said when an academic unit at a
state university uses its official
online presence to attack students on
its campus for their religious beliefs
ethnic identity or political opinions it
is clearly out of control and must be
stopped we urge you to thoroughly
investigate am
and it's administration and to inform
California taxpayers exactly how you
intend to address this shameful
violation of student rights and
university standards but of course
discrimination is acceptable in academia
so long as it's against students with
the wrong opinions such as conservative
or pro-israel ones and with the
legislature as left-wing as California's
goodluck privatizing those colleges and
stripping them of their funding for
campus unmasked I'm Rob shim shock if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
you
