Vladimir Putin we've always known he was
a pretty brutal guy you had some
experience with Putin earlier in his
career you've told me you're on air that
when you were met with CIA Putin was not
considered that important of a KGB
operative an FSB operative right he was
he was a middle that he was relatively
middle management and where was well
thought you had told me he was a region
that wasn't wasn't even - strategically
significant yeah he was in he was in
East Germany and he was just a is he was
never his career was not particularly
noteworthy in when he was indicated be
because he was not rewarded with a
prized Moscow slot he was instead after
his tour abroad which is a big deal was
a big deal in the Soviet Union he was
sent back he was sent back to st.
Petersburg or a Leningrad that was north
and so as it was kind of a backwater it
was kind of like triple-a ball versus
major league and so obviously he he had
come up maybe short when he was in East
Germany however by doing so he got
aligned with all of the st. Petersburg
power brokers the mayor of st.
Petersburg and all this and then that
cat up that by coincidence just
catapulted his career forward so
ironically if he had been a more
successful officer he would have been in
Moscow and he would have been in one of
12,000 KGB Colonels who were walking
around without a sense of direction
after the Soviet Union fell so so by
being in an outpost like you say an a -
city outpost he was able to shine and
then get on the radar of the hierarchy
in Moscow where had he been in Moscow he
would have been buried under a bunch of
the generals and Colonels with family
connections exactly never one it was
just one of those yeah one of those
quote lucky things unquote maybe not
lucky for us but definitely lucky for
him he's look he's a bold guy right
because he's out there poisoning people
on British soil I mean it doesn't seem
like he cares about write much on his
path to the top so let's talk a little
about this there's a lot of news on this
I know a lot of people are confused as
to the detail so basically the gist of
this uproar which also dovetails with
why some people are upset but the
president congratulated Putin is that
Putin is sending operatives presumably
is his own internal operatives former
intelligence community holdovers maybe
current
Russian religions community to poison
people most significantly on British
soil now that couldn't be considered an
act of war could it not
certainly and and this is something the
Russians have done before they've
liquidated people you know for the last
70 years especially defectors and people
like that as a message to the others you
see so we have to understand like this
guy was a former GRU officer a military
Intel officer who had in fact spied for
the British in like maybe the 90s and
had been found out by the Russians and
had been put in prison later he was
freed in a prisoner exchange like in the
movies where they go on the bridge and
they meet and the British exchanged some
probably some some Russian intelligence
officers they caught red-handed in
Britain or something and they exchanged
them for this guy script pile so the
guys script pal comes back to England to
live a quiet life and actually Putin's
attempted assassination of him basically
breaks kind of an unwritten rule of
espionage and that is I mean once
somebody's involved in a prisoner
exchange you don't go around trying to
eliminate them so we've broken that
broken written law but uh but the habit
of liquidating just in general people
who have a problem with the regime who
defect to other countries that's been
the part of the Soviet and Russian
playbook for like 75 years so this is so
that's the story cuz I was I was trying
to grab the details and that's a great
explanation of it so the guy who becomes
a British asset he's spying on the
Soviets double agent of sorts right he
gets arrested by the Russians they
exchange him back to the Brits and Putin
says wait a second I'm gonna hold this
old grudge and he goes out there and he
tries to kill the guy because that way
maybe it'll make other people in Russia
think twice if they before they decide
to cooperate with the West so that's the
idea and that's why they've always done
that that's why they you know killed
Trotsky with an icepick in 1939 in
Mexico City or whatever it was you know
or or using a gas gun with gas pellets
to like to shoot gas into the face of a
guy who answers the door who is a
Ukrainian nationalist in Germany the guy
immediately dies and it absolutely looks
like a heart attack this is very very
important content and I want to bring it
to you every day so help me do that by
subscribing to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org this
