the Prime Minister is cracking down on
legal gun owners here in Canada but I've
got some very serious questions about
Justin Trudeau's own history of gun
ownership the Liberals have just
announced new expansive firearms laws
that give arbitrary powers to the RCMP
without any government oversight to
reclassify firearms the bill also
requires increased background checks
into someone's personal history that
would cover your entire lifetime the
bill also forces gun store owners to
keep a de facto gun registry on behalf
of the Liberals to insulate the Liberals
from any sort of political fallout I
will go over the nuts and bolts of this
gun legislation in the coming days there
is just so much to it but today I want
to talk to you about the ignorance
willful or otherwise of the very people
who are pushing this gun control
legislation here's Wendy Kuki a the
founder of the Coalition for gun control
she went on CTV's power plate to give
the pro-gun grabber side of the argument
just watch this this is utterly
beautiful we're now seeing that there
are over a million restricted and
prohibited guns in Canada there's
something wrong with this picture
we're seeing farmers in Saskatchewan
using handguns maybe their target
shooters maybe they're collectors or
maybe we've just gone soft on
controlling handguns oh my goodness you
guys
farmers owning handguns in Saskatchewan
what sort of fresh hell are we living in
what's next
farmers driving combines on the roads
farmers drinking Pilsner Saskatchewan
farmers cheering on the Rough Riders
it's chaos people now I must have
watched that clip like a dozen times and
I laugh every single time because poor
Wendy says target practicing and
collecting like it's some sort of legal
gang activity instead of literally the
only thing that you can do with a
handgun
in this country in case you missed it
Wendy killing people is still illegal
but this is really demonstrative of the
level of discourse coming from the
pro-gun control side of the argument
here in Canada and the head gun control
nitwit well that's the Prime Minister
himself I'm going to show you what he
says today about gun laws and then I'm
going to show you some of his statements
that he made in the past that have
really left me with some very serious
questions about the Prime Minister's own
gun ownership and his responsible
behaviors or frankly lack thereof this
is what the Prime Minister tweeted upon
the announcement of his brand new gun
control laws we are also introducing
stronger and more rigorous background
checks on gun sales if you want to buy a
gun by law you'll have to show a license
at the point of purchase right now
that's not a requirement what it is
absolutely a requirement that you show
your license at the point of purchase in
my experience most gun retailers won't
take a gun out of the case to show you
unless you show them a valid pal that's
a possession or acquisition license or
an art pal a restricted possession and
acquisition license you can't buy
ammunition without showing your pal here
in Canada it's the law here it is right
from the RCMP website about transferring
ownership of a firearm from one person
to another so either selling gifting or
trading a gun a firearm can only be
transferred to one of the following and
adult 18 years of age or older with a
possession and acquisition license that
is valid for that class of firearm a
business museum or other organization
with a firearms business license or a
public service agency like a police
force police academy certain government
departments or government agencies you
see being in possession of a firearm you
do not have the appropriate level of
licensing for is a very very serious
offence so is selling a firearm to
someone who doesn't have the appropriate
level of Licensing for that specific
firearm and the only way for someone to
uncover if that person has the
appropriate level of licensing is to
have them present their pal or their our
pal
anyway the prime-minister stupid tweet
that was completely and legally wrong
prompted a swarm of businesses and other
interested entities to take to the
internet and correct Jim my personal
Facebook feed unsurprisingly I'm sure is
pretty gun stores sporting goods store
and hunting show heavy and I saw a heck
of a lot of backlash directed at the
prime minister here's Wolverine guns and
tackle in beautiful Red Deer Alberta
Colleen Trudeau's tweet 100 percent
incorrect in every way shape and form
they said they would lose their business
license if they operated in the way
Trudeau suggests that they do here is
Barton's big country an outdoor sporting
goods store in Grand Prairie Alberta
they called Trudeau's tweet an absolute
lie and a bold-faced attempt to sway the
uninformed vote and then they finished
with a shame on you here is the gun
dealer in New Brunswick they call
themselves Atlanta Canada's largest
firearms store and they said if Trudeau
walked into their store to purchase a
firearm without presenting a valid pal
they wouldn't be able to sell him guns
or ammo and nationally broadcast hunting
show Canada in the rough had this to say
so in your mind is Justin Trudeau simply
not aware of such an important law even
though he just finished announcing
changes to the existing gun laws or is
he trying to deceive those who don't
know any better here's what I think
sometimes I think Trudeau is just not
bright enough to be sinister but I do
know for sure the Prime Minister preys
on the ignorance of the mainstream media
most of the mainstream media they don't
really know all that much about guns and
gun laws and law-abiding gun owners like
me and a lot of you and so true dollop
assumed he could just take to Twitter
for everyone to see and spout something
that was either a lie or completely
rooted in his own ignorance but the
facts remain there are around
two million Canadians with some level of
gun licensing meaning they know the laws
and they've taken all the courses they
need to did true don't really think that
none of those two million of us would
speak up and say something to correct
the record when he had it so wrong but
Trudeau's complete and total ignorance
or lie about gun laws in Canada you
decide which one it is
reminded me of an article I read in the
Hill times nearly seven years ago in
that article Trudeau presents himself as
a gun owner as someone who registered
his long guns when we needed to do that
he presents himself as someone who took
that power course and passed it which
also means that he should have known
about the requirement to present your
pal to buy a firearm or to buy ammo here
let me read to you from the article it
says listen I'm a gun owner and the fact
is that the underpinnings of the entire
message of the Conservatives is once we
know where the guns are they're going to
come and take your guns away which is
not at all parts of the Canadian psyche
or possibility
except that actually has happened anyway
later on in the article Trudeau went on
to say I was raised around guns raised
around shooting we have guns up at our
country place they were registered until
they were stolen in a break-in a few
years ago but it is something that is
part of my life
okay so trio describes himself as a gun
owner although some of his family's
registered firearms were stolen up at
their country place in Quebec you know
as a responsible firearms owner myself I
would much rather have seen those same
guns stored at Trudeau's primary
residence but he's within the law albeit
moderately irresponsible to not have
done that
maybe Trudeau has like a firearms Butler
or something that looks after his guns
for him I'm sort of unfamiliar with the
lifestyles of the rich and the slow
witted but as a self-described gun owner
back in 2011 when this article was
written Trudeau would have to have taken
that pal course and have been aware of
the requirements to show your licence to
purchase a gun
or ello so why doesn't Trudeau seem to
know anything about it now this is a
very important point please remember it
that all brings us up to now last week
in The Globe and Mail Justin Trudeau's
office claimed t doesn't own any guns
the article says neither the Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau nor NDP leader
jug meat sang own firearms their offices
said did she never really legally owned
guns in the first place and was just
telling another one of his crazy stories
to make himself seem like a relatable
normal person did Trudeau pull some
strings and just get a license given to
him without taking the appropriate
courses and is that why he's just so
clueless about what is required for a
gun ownership here in Canada were all of
Trudeau's guns stolen if not how did
Trudeau transfer the remaining ones to
someone else without knowing he had to
check for licensing first I've got a lot
of questions that nobody in the
mainstream media seems to be interested
in asking Justin Trudeau and I think
before Justin Trudeau slaps some more
rules on law-abiding people he needs to
prove to the rest of us that he followed
it the gun laws himself for the rebel
media I'm Shiela gun reads did you know
that I have my own full-length show here
on the rebel it's aptly called the gun
show sometimes we even talk about gun
laws to get access to my show and the
rest of our amazing premium content
become a rebel subscriber today
