former FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe
fired by Attorney General Jeff session
well it finally happened something that
was long long overdue FBI deputy
director Andrew McCabe a guy who appears
to be at the center of the scandal we're
in the FBI weaponized on behalf of
Hillary Clinton in part using that fake
news now debunked Christopher Steele
dossier has been fired by Attorney
General Jeff Sessions now many of us
including myself were really on the
fence about what Jeff Sessions would do
a quick recap Andrew McCabe was turning
50 this weekend and he had until 11:59
p.m. on Saturday evening were midnight
12:00 a.m. Sunday morning who collect
his pension and retire honorably
unless of course criminal charges were
were levied down the way but Attorney
General Jeff Sessions finally stepped up
and did the right thing and he fired
Andrew McCabe before McCabe could retire
honorably and collect that pension now
there's a lot of confusion around the
pension so let's talk about that a
little bit typically when a law
enforcement officer is fired and I'll
say this with the disclosure that the
Department of Justice has not yet given
the specifics on McCabe's pension but
most law enforcement agencies whether
they're local state federal operate in
much the same way and I spoke to a
senior FBI agent excuse me a senior
federal law enforcement agent at
different agency other than the FBI last
night but they're all in the federal
pension system and his understanding was
was essentially mine but again the DOJ
will give us specifics but here's how it
normally works typically when you are
fired
you do get some money you don't leave
penniless because over those years money
was taken out of your paycheck and you
paid in you paid into a pension fund you
paid into deferred comp something that's
called the drop program
401k each agency each pension system has
a different name for it it's a little
bit of a different mechanism so
typically you get that money now with
the FBI
with Federal service normally it's 25
years of service for 57 years old now
McCabe didn't reach his 25 years of
service though it appears that even to
get that one-time lump-sum that he paid
into and was matched a bit
he'd have to wait seven more years to
get that but it does not appear and I've
never heard of a situation where the
person who's fired gets that annuity
that lifetime payment because typically
when you retire from law enforcement you
get your lifetime annuity that monthly
pension check in addition to that lump
sum deferred compensation 401k whatever
they call it payment so what it looks
like will happen which is typically the
case he'll get that lump sum payment but
he'll never receive that monthly annuity
and that's pretty significant because
that monthly annuity what andrew
McCabe's salary was probably hovering
around the $180,000 a two hundred and
seventy one hundred eighty thousand
dollar range with all perks salary alone
that's not including benefits and all
those other nice things I mean it's
essentially at his level about a three
hundred thousand dollar package his
pension was probably in the ten to
twelve thousand dollar-a-month range
that's pretty considerable McCabe by all
accounts is in great physical shape the
guy's only 50 years old he's got another
3035 years ahead of him maybe 40 years
ahead of him I mean if he stays healthy
we're talking millions of dollars in
lost pension annuity every month that
ten twelve thousand dollars a month you
look at 120 to 140 some odd thousand
dollars a year over 30 years we're
talking about some real money here 35
years some real money and so he lost
millions of dollars in that respect
alongside that are the medical benefits
the insurances life insurances that come
with it arguably another million dollars
but more importantly in the short term
the real money in the short term was
taken away from him and that was
millions of dollars in the short term as
deputy director of the FBI
Andrew McCabe was facing a very big
paycheck when he left service had he
retired honorably and I'm gonna tell you
just how devastating financially this
firing his friend room a cabe on my
longer one hour show off-the-cuff
Declassified today
right here on the rebel I want to keep
bringing you this great content every
day so like I always tell you please
help me keep doing that by subscribing
to our premium service at
www.affordablecomm.com and other law
enforcement agencies before he was the
Broward County Sheriff this one is
really gonna blow your mind also go to
your App Store download the rebel app
great way to get all of our content and
if you've done any or all of those
things and I hope you did I'm all thank
you very very much as always thanks so
much for watching I hope you all had a
great great weekend I'll see you
tomorrow
you
