the news that Lauren's southern Brittany
Pettibone and Martin Selma have been
banned from the UK has blown up in fact
the story blew way bigger than I thought
it would I mean what happened to these
three people whatever you think about
them is undoubtedly wrong it's not right
that these people be detained under any
kind of Terrorism Act or that their
political speech should be deemed not
conducive to the public good by
out-of-touch politicians who seem blind
to the fact that actually most British
voters are also concerned about
immigration and Islam a YouGov poll from
a few years ago showed us at 76% of
voters want the government to reduce
immigration so why exactly does our
government think that it's appropriate
to just ban people from entering the
country from sharing that same view but
you know the government does what the
government does and what happened to
these three identitarian is nothing new
it's actually happened loads of times
before let's go back almost a decade to
2009 when Labour Home Secretary Jackie
Smith released a list of 16 of 22
individuals that have been banned from
entering the UK most of the people on
the list were banned for either
promoting Islamic terrorism or neo
Nazism Eric glebe an American neo-nazi
along with the founder of the white
supremacist website Stormfront Stephen
black were among them but alongside
those lunatics was Michael Savage a
conservative right-wing radio host with
a massive following at his peak in 2009
it shows out about 10 million listeners
a week this guy was not an is not fringe
he was a nationally recognized
conservative pundit whose voice could
have been valuable in sensible and open
political discourse but Jackie Smith
said that Savage was banned from the
country as he is quote considered to be
engaging in unacceptable behavior by
seeking to provoke others to serious
criminal acts and fostering hatred which
might lead to inter community violence
and then in February 2009 still under
Home Secretary Jackie Smith dutch MPG
builders was told by the Home Office
that he'd been denied entry to the UK he
planned to come to the UK after he was
invited actually to go to the House of
Lords by Lord Pearson to show his film
at our is on fitna now it's quite a
controversial film but I thought it was
an important one it looks at the roots
of Islam and the effects it has on the
West but you know what no matter how
controversial the film might be he was
invited by a British
here to show the filming the Palace of
Westminster the mother of Parliament's
having an open discussion about serious
issues like this is essential for a
healthy democracy and thankfully
actually in this instance common sense
prevailed but it was no thanks to the
politicians will does one a legal appeal
against the ban on travelling to the UK
and he showed the film fitna in the
House of Lords but unfortunately this
seemed to be an isolated incident when
the Labour government was replaced by a
conservative Liberal Democrat coalition
in 2010 Home Secretary Alan Johnson had
to make way for the one and only to
resume
she's the conservative fire branding
kitten heels who would rid us of this
lunacy right and grab the gavel away
from the babies in the Labour Party
would since 97 had ultimate control over
who couldn't could not enter the UK but
it just didn't work out like that did it
you know as it turns out in 2010 it was
really just the start for Teresa May
setting herself on a seven-year journey
towards the office of Prime Minister
where she would consistently prove not
only her commitment to mass immigration
which is important and I've talked about
that on a previous video but also her
commitment to banning political speech
and banning those with views she doesn't
like from entering the country Theresa
May is not a conservative and she's no
defender of freedom she's as bad as the
Labour Party and she actually banned
loads of people who criticized Islam or
who had opinions that went against the
official accepted narrative on
multiculturalism and immigration Pamela
Geller a well-known counter jihad
activist and author was banned from the
UK after planning to come here with
fellow activist and author Robert
Spencer they were going to go to a rally
by a group called the English Defence
League and you know they were angry and
they wanted to go because it followed
the murder of drummer Lee Rigby for
Americans who don't know about this Lee
Rigby was a military man who was
literally killed in the street beheaded
in the street in broad daylight in
London then there's pastor Terry Jones
he was banned from the UK after he
planned a mass burning of Qurans on the
anniversary of the 9/11 terror attacks
this was back in 2010 and a spokesman
for the Home Office said that quote the
government opposes extremism in all its
forms
which is why we have excluded pastor
Terry Jones from the UK again they said
that his presence was not conducive to
the public good but what is conducive to
the public God in their eyes over the
last few years we've seen horrific
terror attacks and multiple examples
of Muslim grooming scandals that go back
decades now is it conducive to the
public good to just pretend that those
issues don't exist or is it really just
conducive to the government getting an
easy ride for consistent failures over
the last few decades and then there's
even Richard Spencer now I don't agree
with him on a lot of stuff but then why
does that matter
Richard Spencer has been to the UK loads
of times and he hasn't caused riots or
hurt anyone and unless he's shouting
from the rooftops that he wants to kill
non-whites or something or getting
involved with terrorism which he's not
then really on what grounds can he be
banned now I really don't agree with the
guy but so what democracy requires lots
of different voices lots of different
dissenting voices people say that now
Britain's going down this this bad path
this bad road by banning Selna Southern
and Patti bone but actually we went down
this path a long time ago this is not
new we're already well on our way
towards a totalitarian state in fact
we've almost reached it you can't
dissent it University you can't dissent
on the street you can't dissent online
and when you do decide to dissent at the
ballot box well they just ignore you
banning these people doesn't change
anything there are people in the UK who
agree with them and that's not going to
change if we want to maintain healthy
discourse
why don't we instead invite people like
this over to the UK with opposing
opinions and encourage diversity of
thought and critical thinking and get a
national debate going on solving
problems like immigration isn't
discussing and solving problems more
conducive to the public good than
locking up or barring people who share
the same views as millions of people in
this country
you
