just when you thought you'd heard it all
another massive gargantuan pay-for-play
scandal from the man who brought you
Clinton cash the book that chronicled
the Clinton crime cartels numerous
pay-for-play scandals Peter Schweitzer
has just published a book secret empires
with an excerpt published today in the
New York Post and also reported on in
the Wall Street Journal in this story
the son and stepson of the last Vice
President and Secretary of State Joe
Biden and John Kerry created a company
the year after Barack Obama was elected
president called Rosemont Seneca that
company was an investment fund but an
investment fund that wasn't based in New
York like all the others but here in DC
in the swamp an investment fund that got
into bed with the government of
communist China through the Bank of
China which inked a deal with those
individuals to the tune of more than a
billion dollars the resultant fund
acquired US companies including Hennings
Hennings is a company that manufactures
in part very sensitive machinery used by
our military as a result that deal had
to be approved by the US government in
the cepheus board that has to block or
approve foreign government investment in
sensitive deals in America and guess
what the deal which involved the son of
the vice president and the stepson of
the Secretary of State was approved just
as was the deal to sell 20% of our
uranium to Russian companies that had
put millions of dollars into the Clinton
Foundation and paid Hillary Clinton's
husband when
she was Secretary of State as well half
a million dollars for one speech as I
mentioned in my last video we have many
threats that face us from the global
jihadi movement to North Korea to Iran
but the primary one is China which has a
plan to displace us as the most powerful
nation in the world the one belt one
road strategy and it looks as if based
upon this latest book by Peter
Schweitzer at the highest levels of
government
we have people implicated through family
relations with deals that empowered our
worst enemy hold on tight more details
to follow
thank you for watching the Gorka
briefing if you liked this video please
check out the rebel media YouTube
channel follow me on Twitter at Seb
Gorka that's Seb g o RK a and share
these videos on Facebook and Twitter
because with your help
we can push back on the fake news
industrial complex and finally get the
truth out god bless
