those were some students from
Nashville's Antioch high school
protesting for gun control by tearing
down an American flag students from
thousands of schools across the u.s.
commemorated the one-month anniversary
of the Parkland massacre by walking out
of class for 17 minutes one for each of
the victims in power a youth wing of the
Woman's March coordinated the protests
but it wasn't all just signs and stale
slogans those Antioch students for
instance ripped down an American flag
and reportedly trashed a police car as
well that wasn't the only expression of
compassion through violence California
students at Mount Diablo high school
apparently felt it necessary to break
through this locked gate to protest gun
control of course an Tifa chapters and
states like Florida and Tennessee as
well as on the national level approved
of such tactics but while many walked
out of school on Wednesday one teacher
couldn't even walk in California's
Rocklin high school plays history
teacher julianne benzyl on leave after
she asked her students whether the
school would also tolerate a pro-life
walkout the best example I thought of at
the time if a group of students
nationwide or even locally decided I
want to walk out of school for 17
minutes and go in the quad area and
protest abortion would that be allowed
by our administration benzel didn't
discourage students from walking out to
support gun control but thought that
there was a double standard when it came
to other causes and it seems like some
of her students agreed now obviously
what happened in Marjory Stoneman
Douglas high school last month was
tragic but do you really think these
messages are going to fix anything I
didn't get any backlash from my students
all my students totally understood that
there cannot be a double standard
including Nick Wade who did not walk out
University of Virginia students carried
signs saying gun control now hashtag
enough and then see that woman to the
right with the kids greater than gun
sign what does that even mean like who
are you arguing against with that is
there anyone out there saying guns are
more important than kids another sign
said armed teachers with money not guns
because apparently pocketbooks lined
with a lot of dollar bills will stop
bullets the Clinton News Network
reported that after the 17-minute
walkout some
continued rallying instead of actually
you know going back to class where they
could maybe explore public policy a
little beyond this hashtag enough that
la students spelled out by line on the
football field but who are we kidding
the curriculum is probably just as
partisan and facile for campus unmasked
I'm Rob Simms Jacques if you like this
video and support our mission please
make sure to comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mast comm
