so check out the Toronto Stars editorial
cartoon of former PC leadership hopeful
Caroline Mulrooney you know it made me
laugh out loud and it pretty much nails
the whole idea of Princess Caroline and
the aura of unearned entitlement she
seems to generate yet because this is
2018 some are screaming that this
cartoon is sexist and patronizing I'll
explain why the precise opposite is true
well we've seen political correctness
invade former safe havens such as the
comedy club and the celebrity roasts now
lass and alack it would now appear that
not even the delightfully wicked and
witty world a political satire can
escape PC scrutiny you see upon the
publication of the Caroline Mulrooney
cartoon the one in which she is in a
baby stroller the usual suspects were
wailing about this latest affront to
people kind some even wrote angry
letters to the editor here's my favorite
outrage missive it's from Toronto star
reader Marie Muir and she states quote
the Toronto Star's front page had
articles on equity and gender issues
important topics in today's world so
imagine my dismay when I turned to the
editorial page to find the cartoon
lampooning Caroline Mulrooney a female
progressive conservative leadership
candidate being wheeled by her dead
former Prime Minister Brian Mulroney
really I don't believe you ran a cartoon
a fellow candidate Doug Ford making his
bid for the leadership in his mom's
basement I think I may also be correct
in assuming that any candidate makes
full use of friends family and
supporters in their various campaigns
why then the infantile picture of
Caroline Mulrooney I doubt you'd have
run the same illustration if the
candidate had been his son Ben shame on
you end quote
well so much an entity to address so
little time folks first
Doug Ford was mercilessly targeted for
announcing his campaign for PC Party
leader from his mother's basement and of
course we all know what was going on
here the innuendo was the paint Doug
Ford is a loser someone who resides in
his mom's basement presumably playing
xbox all day the media party may not
have published any cartoons about Doug
kicking off his campaign from his mom's
basement but entire forests of trees
were felled mocking this announcement in
print and what makes Muir think the star
would not have depicted been Mulrooney
sitting in a stroller had he chosen to
run for leader like Caroline he has no
political experience either been in the
stroller works equally as well as
Caroline in the stroller
what makes Muir and her ilk interpret
this cartoon as an attack on Caroline's
gender as opposed to her position of
privilege you see it is the Muir's of
this world who should be ashamed for
seeing sexism where it doesn't exist
because the truth is this political
cartoon actually treats Caroline
Mulrooney on the same level as a man in
terms of being lampooned had the artist
decided to hold back or go easy on
Caroline solely because she's a she then
that would have been an act of sexism
bottom line part of the deal in terms of
women achieving full equality with men
in the bloodsport that is politics is
that they too are fair game for
merciless editorial cartoonists I'm
tempted to say if you can't stand the
heat then get out of the kitchen but I
better not do that just in case anyone
thinks I'm being sexist - for the rebel
media I'm David the men's ID Menzies if
folks are Breville has a brand new app
please download it and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
