so this is a big deal in Belgium well
the the gimmick it's not a gimmick with
the German flag it's it makes the
headlines in Belgian newspapers and in
websites so people are talking about it
what about the matter of meeting the
Prime Minister was that in the schedule
and then it was scrubbed or what you
know it was nothing no it was nothing in
shadow but our King he paid already six
state visits to other countries and
every time he met the Prime Minister
this time Trudeau hasn't have time or
EAS other activities so he has no time
for our King so it's a little bit
strange but the Prime Minister is not
the head of state in Canada that's the
Queen she's represented by the
governor-general oh good old Terry
malevsky making excuses for Justin
Trudeau being out of town he was
actually on vacation spring break
because he needed to relax after his he
was going to go on vacation he cancelled
it but has not yet met the royal family
and of course you heard it there that
Canada rolled out the flag but instead
of the Belgian flag Canada chose the
German flag and you don't have to be a
diplomat to know that's a German flag
you just have to vaguely be aware of
things maybe even sports what a series
of gaffes joining us now via Skype is
our friend Lauren country senior
columnist for the Edmonton Sun these
guys were supposed to be suave not like
that reckless cowboy Stephen Harper they
can't shoot straight when it comes to
diplomacy and foreign affairs can they
Lord no because they're arrogant oh and
naive at the same time it's a very bad
combination arrogance and naivet√©
they're arrogant in the in the in the
sense that they believe they're the
anointed ones the enlightened ones that
they are so much more sophisticated than
that then Harper and the Tories and and
they're naive in the sense that they
believe whatever they say will just
happen that there's you don't have to do
any background working
have to get your details right they're
so sophisticated and suave and debonair
that merely utterances from their mouths
make things happen and so it's a bad
combination and you know this this flag
flap is is kind of minor yeah
in most sense I mean it was these two
little Flags like the ones that you know
a hundred thousand people get at a state
rate yeah
attached to a tree where the king and
queen of Belgium were gonna come with
the governor-general to plant a new tree
is the first tree to which the flags
were attached had been planted four
decades ago by the then queen of Belgium
but the point is it's not that this is
Minard not that the Belgian government
said ah don't worry about it was taken
care of
a journalist notice of error you switch
the flags which look very similar you
switch the flags before the royal couple
got there no big deal that's not the
point
can you imagine what Terry malevsky
would be saying if this had happened
under Harper or or Harper's
governor-general
including David Johnson I mean Oh Oh
they've embarrassed us an Internet how
can we ever recover from the shame of
this yeah but but true it does I said
it's oh no big deal that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levant
show normally it's behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on youtube if you want to
subscribe to watch The Daily Show every
day including always two interviews
today and I read my hate mail just click
on this screen and become a Premium
Member
you
