for the rebel dot media I'm as real
avann√° I'm standing at the intersection
of new gates and Old Bailey to ancient
streets in London the courthouse behind
me nicknamed the Old Bailey otherwise
known as the Central Criminal Courts
it's where earlier today Tommie Robinson
was set to have a full hearing for
contempt of Courts a rehearing of his
hearing back in May when he was
summarily arrested charged tried
convicted sentenced and shipped off to
prison in a matter of hours that
drumhead trial was thrown out by the
Court of Appeal but sent back for a
rehearing that was supposed to happen
today however last night Tommy
Robinson's lawyers put to the judge
Tommy's proposed witness statement where
Tommy quarrels with a number of things
in his hearing and the judge said all
right I will refer this matter to the
attorney-general
rather than hearing it today myself now
you might be saying whoa I am now lost
in Lieb legal gobbledygook that is such
procedural Arkana I don't understand it
what's the upshot well I'll tell you by
referring this matter to the
attorney-general
it throws it back into the political
realm the attorney-general as you know
is a cabinet officer so it's a lawyer
but he's political in nature and the
test that any attorney-general and
indeed any prosecutor has to use before
proceeding is is it in the public
interest there's a legal discretion
there and here's my opinion on the
matter today marks the fifth court
appearance tommy has had in this case
number one was May 25th in Leeds number
two was when the Court of Appeal heard
the event number three when the Court of
Appeal decision came out number four was
late September when we were at the Old
Bailey the first time number five was
today five hearings for a civil matter
that is no more serious than a speeding
ticket and I don't exaggerate there has
not been a journalist imprisoned in the
United Kingdom for contempt of court in
70 years typically there's a fine of
several thousands of dollars but it is
not a criminal matter
and here we are five court hearings in
and Tommy's already served ten weeks in
solitary confinement in the dungeon is
it really in the public interest to
proceed against him a sixth time a
seventh time at what point is the
administration of justice brought into
disrepute at what point is contempt of
court proceedings are they overtaken by
the Court's own conduct I think that's
why Tommy's lawyers wanted this thrown
back to the attorney-general
one of the things Tommy Tommy I should
say once the judge decided to throw to
the attorney-general
Tommy came out and there was an enormous
crowd I didn't count at least 1,500
maybe 2,000 I don't know maybe more
Tommy got up on the stage and he read
out word for word his proposed witness
statement that had been sent to the
judge and in it he had a very
interesting case he talked about the
Daily Mirror and the Daily Mail those
are two very large corporate media in
this country tabloids who were in
contempt of court and actually had
criminal proceedings thrown out and they
were fines ten thousand pounds those are
multi million maybe even billion dollar
companies I don't know how big they are
who interfered in a court and actually
had charges dropped and they got off of
the ten thousand pound fine Tommy
Robinson who I put it to you didn't
actually interview interfere with the
case he only read out information that
was publicly available on the Internet
at that moment he he did not jeopardize
the case the rape gang trial outside of
which he was commenting proceeded to
conviction both the Crown prosecutor and
the judge agreed there was no danger or
damage to the case so Tommy Robinson has
served ten weeks in solitary confinement
and is now proceeding possibly to a
sixth hearing in a matter that the Daily
Mail and Daily Mirror got off with a
slap on the wrist and ten thousand
dollar fine I can assure you
as the person who is crowdfunding
tommy's leaders then he has paid much
more than 10,000 pines pounds in just in
his own lawyers and that's the thing
about the law the rule of law means
everyone is treated equally before it
whether you're a media tycoon on Fleet
Street or a working-class bloke from
Luton you're treated the same justice is
blind but can that really be said in the
United Kingdom
when Tommy Robinson now faces his sixth
court hearing and I should tell you
Tommy had a little duffel bag in courts
and I didn't know what that little
duffel bag was until I met Tommy that's
called a prison mag when you go to court
and the possibility is he will be
convicted at that moment they take you
out of court to prison you don't get to
go home first and pack your toothbrush
and toothpaste and and you know your
your teddy bear or whatever
Tommy's prison bag was with him in court
that is how serious it was and tommy
said he kissed his wife and kids goodbye
as if it were the last time because he
may well have been sent to prison had
the matter proceeded that is insane that
Tommy went has gone through that now
five times and Mort is ahead I was
pleased at the rally that I mentioned
that Tommy not only read out his witness
statement and the facts therein but that
others were on the stage including
politicians from you Kip and anne-marie
waters was hear from for Britain there
were journalists that were crowdfunded
to the United Kingdom thanks to our
viewers for other journalists came to
town I think they'll provide useful
balance to the media party in the United
Kingdom that has obviously a malicious
vendetta against Tommy so on the whole a
good day a successful day I had come
prepared to cover the entire meeti trial
itself instead it was a procedural
matter and a rally but nonetheless it
was a pleasure to be with Tommy and his
many fans and there was even a moment
with her fans called out my name
that was very touching and most
surprising you can see more reports
about this at our specialty website
Tommi trial comm I'm here in London
covering Tommy Robinson's contempt of
court hearing for all our videos and to
chip into our crowdfunding campaign to
pay for our independent journalism
please go to Tommy Trial calm
you
