you know not so long ago I received an
official warning from the UK media
regulator for being too pro-israel on
the radio here's what I had to say
Israel for me has got a lot of things
very right and one of the reasons I know
they've got a lot of things very right
is that a lot of our university campuses
can't stand Israel they want to boycott
Israeli produce they want to boycott
mangos they want to pro-palestinian
protester --that is enough for me to
know that Israel's doing something right
if half of our universities are against
Israel that's enough for me to know
they're doing something right we've just
heard that Israel's digging a hole and
building a wall underground a
subterranean wall along the border with
Palestine fan tastic another reason -
that I love them they're building a wall
underground to stop the Palestinian
tumblers brilliant three Israel do not
stand back and allow their people to be
hurt if you chuck in a rocket launcher
from Palestine if you're one of Hamas
and you decide to Chuck a rocket at
Israel they will blow up your home and
the homes of your relatives fantastic go
Israel I say the golden authorities said
I lacked bounce and had failed to offer
an alternative view how rude what
alternative view is there to the fact
that Bibi is brilliant and now to make
my life complete the rebel team of going
to Israel me Sheila Gunn read the big
boss Ezra John Cardillo dr. Tam be our
met and other faces you'll recognize
from the work we do and guess what
you're all invited we've teamed up with
heritage study programs a travel agency
that specializes in politically oriented
tours of Israel and their conservative
like the best of us if you're interested
in
it's politics it's military situation
it's geography and it's placed in the
world this is the trip for you or if
like me you're going with the sole
purpose of staring at members of the IDF
in their fabulous uniforms be assured I
will be right there by your side we'll
get to meet with members of Israel
Knesset military officers journalists
and other regional experts and we'll
have expert guides all along the way if
they aren't that interesting I'll be
offering a Katie Hopkins alternative
commentary on Israel - I'm sure they'll
bill thrilled
don't tell my children but I'm planning
on getting a tattoo from the world's
only surviving tattoo shop from medieval
pilgrims the resume family has been
inking religious pilgrims in the Middle
East for about 700 years and as a
Christian conservative I think it will
be the perfect souvenir in these
challenging times we all face so why not
come join us
come with me to the Holy Land let's go
and investigate Israel together for more
details - including our itinerary and
prices go to rebel is real calm I really
look forward to seeing you there
you
