Cathleen when it's not a business expert
in fact the only business she's run the
government of Ontario she's running to
the ground I don't think she actually
wants to help the Ontario economy or fix
a problem in the workforce I think she
wants to bring in political ideology
into the heart of Ontario companies
that's my very basic explanation what do
you think yes well there's a lot of
agendas here and and this will up this
will accomplish nothing that the gap has
narrowed as women have better education
and and so on and so forth but yes
there's nothing wrong with somebody
saying I want to take two years off with
my baby that's perfectly fine and then
everyone should be absolutely and we
have good systems here we have good
systems to provide support to those
people and and again nothing wrong with
it but don't think it's gonna have zero
impact on your workplace situation
that's just foolishness what bothers me
possibly the most although lots of
things bother me about this is this the
latest legislation what bothers me a lot
is that we have seen a union driven
agenda in Ontario for years now we've
seen what happens when unions drive the
agenda in other countries they ruin
Greece they ruin Detroit they've ruined
Venezuela you know the list is getting
longer and longer
unions love to get into the inner
workings of companies pit people against
each other I mean here they want people
to discuss what they're making in a
workplace I ran a company with 350
employees that kind of thing is a very
destructive situation not that there
shouldn't be published ranges for a
given job that's perfectly fine but the
the unions have have long had a habit
they want to make people dissatisfied
because it's only dissatisfied people
who want a union and and they can be
disruptive within these businesses don't
forget too that unions have failed
miserably to an increase their reach in
the private sector in fact they have
diminished it it's dropped by over half
in about the last 30 years they can't
cope with our current economic
environment of global competition
technology's replacing union jobs the
only place they have a firm a firm base
is government or of course they don't
have to compete in
we have forced union dues and all that
kind of thing but can you imagine here
here a company is going to be forced to
publish how much people are making and
so the union what a nice entree it gives
to that union representative to go in
and say I hear you're making whatever 25
bucks an hour we can get you 28 so don't
fool yourself this is the Trojan horse
for unions that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Ezra Levante show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
