Tereza mace speech on housing could have
been a game-changer for the Conservative
Party but instead the Prime Minister
completely missed the mark and made
promises that she knows her government
can't keep did you see the Prime
Minister's speech on housing this week
you probably seen the pictures of it at
least she did it in front of this big
brick wall thing with what like texts
that have been designed on Microsoft
Paint it looked like a lot of effort
have been put into something that just
ended up being not that good if anything
sums up this conservative government
that's probably it in the speech may
said that she cannot fulfill her dream
of making Britain a fairer place for all
unless we solve the housing crisis fair
enough she told us that the causes and
manifestations vary from place to place
which is technically true but she also
claimed that the root crisis is simple
she said for decades this country has
failed to build enough of the right
homes in the right places which is just
wrong looking at her record it's clear
that Theresa May is one of the most
pro-immigration politicians and prime
ministers that this country's ever had
she's on par with if not worse than
Blair Blair of course is famous for
opening the floodgates into Britain
bringing net migration up from about
50,000 and 97 to over 200,000 in 2004
but his Teresa may as Home Secretary who
consistently failed to meet David
Cameron's pledge of bringing immigration
down to the tens of thousands and she
didn't just miss it by a margin it was a
serious long shot just look at these
figures from migration watch between
2010 and 2016 years were May served as
Home Secretary the net migration figures
which is the difference between people
coming in and out of the UK only ever
went as low as 177 thousand but peaked
at as much as three hundred and thirty
two thousand from an economic
perspective its net migration that
matters
this means that Britain's adding
hundreds of thousands of people to its
economy every year and driving up the
demand for houses while reducing the
supply this is simple economics that
Theresa May refuses to accept either
that or she used the same maths teacher
as dying Abbot sorry that's low blow but
looking at this from a non-economic
perspective for just a moment it's worth
noting that gross immigration figures
are even more startling gross
immigration into the United Kingdom is
sat between
half a million and 600,000 since 2002
ish that's millions of non Brits
becoming permanent residents in the
United Kingdom over a period of 15 years
or so new figures from the Office of
National Statistics shows that Britain's
population increased by more than half a
million by year ending June 2016 with 62
percent of that increase being accounted
for by migration that means England now
has a population for the first time of
more than 55 million and by 2029
according to the ons again the entire UK
population is expected to reach 70
million that's pretty terrifying not
only will this continued info people
from all over the world mean that we
maintain ridiculously high housing
prices I mean if you even looked for
just a one-bedroom down south these days
the prices are insane but these prices
are just going to keep on increasing and
the last thing I want to see is
politicians attempting to reduce that
increase by some small margin simply by
plastering the UK with loads of new
towns and bulldozing over our green and
pleasant land to make Britain into one
big Housing Association apartment block
does Teresa may just not understand
maths or is she purposely engaging in a
plot to transform the face of this
country does she really care about the
people who were struggling to get jobs
does she actually care about the British
people who can't get their first step on
the housing ladder or is Teresa May more
interested in welcoming in hundreds of
thousands more competitors for jobs
dependents cheap workers and people
looking for houses and destroying
Britain's stunning green land in the
process funny that is now I'm a
conservative an actual conservative I
care way more about Britain's natural
landscape than the greens to be honest I
feel like I'm probably preaching to the
choir here I'm sure you already know the
answer to all this but what I find so
amazing about all of it is that if she
just stood up on that stage even with
that stupid brick backdrop and said that
she wanted to reduce demand to stabilize
the housing market then she'd have been
taken seriously by millions of voters
you kids vote shows collapse now and if
she doesn't start appealing to their
traditionally conservative views then
they might turn to Weber I know that
sounds a bit weird and paradoxical but
they will Corbin's protest vote or at
least some people just see him as a shot
at taking Britain
in a different direction Teresa may and
the Conservatives are in government
right now they have a chance to define a
whole new era for Britain through a
successful brexit deal that fulfills the
wishes of the 52% of our nation if she
just did what we told her to do in the
summer of 2016 joined forces with more
populist voices like Jacob Riis MOG then
by God she could win in a landslide in a
few years time but perhaps she needs a
new math teacher first watch me and the
rest of the rebel team on our brand new
app download it now from the Google Play
Store and the Apple App Store
you
