the diversity just fundamentally
everybody half of the people are girls
and women so we have the scientists and
engineers being women here's a thought
maybe less woman actually want to be
scientists take a look at these stats
from women in Canada enrolled in
post-secondary engineering or computer
science just 26.5% of post-secondary
mathematics computer and information
science students are women this has
nothing to do with the so-called sexist
employees who aren't hiring them but
that doesn't stop Prime Minister Trudeau
from bragging about the women in
government in the science portfolios we
just appointed as our Governor General
of Canada one Canada's Great Recession
is focused on leading the charge in
space in science and investment the same
way take down their current secretary
for science and our Minister for science
curacy docket was a Nobel Prize winning
scientist as
is driving drove this review in the
fundamental science and is excited about
the kinds of investments we need to make
whoa whoa wait a minute
Nobel Prize winner Kristi Duncan not so
you see Kristi Duncan was part of an
IPCC the UN's inter-government
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change research team the IPCC received
the Nobel Prize not any individual in
fact the IPCC even put out a statement
saying quote the prize was awarded to
the IPCC as an organization and not to
any individual associated with the IPCC
end quote that doesn't stop Chrissie
Duncan from claiming she's a Nobel Prize
winner mind you and from the prime
minister repeating that lie that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levante show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including all ways to
interview today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
