but back to today's news okay Ontario
struggling to pay for irregular migrants
quote Minister wanna hang on did that
Minister there Lisa McLeod Doug Ford's
cabinet minister did she really call
them irregular migrants I read that
story very carefully and the phrase
irregular migrants is not in quotation
marks it's not attributed to her did she
really say those those words because
sure these people walking across the
border they are irregular just in the
same way as some 100 I don't know
shoplifts a candy bar from a convenience
store is an irregular customer regular
snacker yeah it is irregular to steal
something and not pay for it you bet it
is but we don't say irregular because
that actually hides the truth their
abuse skates and obscures we like to be
clear the salient characteristic of
shoplifting is that it's illegal that
it's a crime so how about these migrants
they are absolutely breaking the law the
side hit rock some road says the guard
says stop
so it's breaking the law the police say
breaking the law do you see them stop it
is illegal to cross the border here or
any place other than important right you
see the word illegal right under the
word stop it says it is illegal the sign
says it's illegal the police say they're
illegal we all know it's illegal and if
they press on the press the police they
have orders from Justin Trudeau just to
let them in and let them stay let them
do all their illegal things there's no
rule of law anymore so yes they are
illegal the sign says so and Trudeau is
abiding the see the illegality but it
doesn't mean the rest of us have to
abide it too by hiding the truth with a
lie we don't have to use fake language a
euphemism we don't have to do that
somebody breaks into your house is not
in the irregular guest they are a
trespasser a home invader they are not a
regular a bank robber is not making it a
regular withdrawal from a bank that's
just mangling the English language to
obscure not reveal the truth which is
the main purpose of the media these days
when it comes to any controversy don't
you think here's the whole article he's
a whole article written earlier by the
Canadian Press on and on and on
published by The Huffington Post putting
the word illegal in scare quotes as if
this Ontario cabinet minister is the
weird one for using the word illegal
anyways put aside that terminological
inexactitude that's an irregular way of
saying
let me read a bit of the actual story to
you okay I'm gonna quote from the story
today the Ontario government says costs
to Social Services are escalating as
irregular migrants continue flocking in
the provinces biggest cities quote let
me be very clear there is a failed
border policy in Quebec that's having an
impact in Ontario unquote said Lisa
McLeod minister of children community
and social services right now we are 200
million dollars in Counting we are
asking the federal government to come to
the table well we've known this for
years since Trudeau brought over 50,000
Syrians without language skills without
job skills
most of them without a high school
diploma no cultural skills no plan he
just brought them over immediately they
all went to food banks and you don't
really have food banks in Syria it's not
a Syrian thing so I'm not sure if they
were really starving or if they just
thought who are these suckers giving us
food for free why should we go to a
supermarket and pay when we can go to
this free supermarket call the food bank
for free I'm sure if we had shoe banks
and jacket banks they would take free
shoes and jackets instead of paying for
them too that's how you roll in a low
trust society like Syria here in a high
dress Society with lots of social
services England Canada you don't go to
the homeless shelter or the food bank
unless you really need to that's not
it's a different culture over there
you're not in Kansas anymore toto the
entire world though knows that we are
suckers now so we're actually a magnet
for the worst people in the world since
you know you have to break the law to
come here you have to game the system
you have to see that sign that says stop
and go so we are attracting by
definition lawbreakers that's an excerpt
from my daily show the Ezra lavance show
weekdays at 8:00 p.m. Eastern every day
I do a monologue interview a guest and
read my fan mail and my hate mail to
subscribe go to the rebel da media slash
shows
you
