let me show you a few pictures here's
Adolf Hitler responsible for the
Holocaust
here's Benito Mussolini who created a
one-party police state and here's
Christina Hoff Sommers who believes the
gender wage gap is a myth what do these
three have in common well they're all
apparently fascists according to some
Oregon law students have you ever seen a
more cringe-worthy and just low-energy
protest students at the Lewis & Clark
law school wrote a letter called refused
fascism in all its forms demanding
feminist scholar christina hoff sommers
be disinvited from giving a speech at
their college nine predictably
identity-based or leftist groups like
the black law student association and
the lewis and clark young democratic
socialists of america signed the letter
which said under the guise of open
debate and free discourse while do those
really need scare quotes the Federalist
Society found it necessary to
unilaterally invite an own fascist to
our campus to encourage what we believe
to be an act of aggression and violence
towards members of our society who
experience racial and gender depression
known fascist Wow could these kids get
any worse at writing propaganda if it's
known you shouldn't have to say it is
known and also no one cares what you
define to be aggression and violence
anymore because by equating hate speech
with actual punches to the face
you've proven that you either don't know
how the English language works or
deliberately twisting it to suit your
own ends rationalizing their profound
intolerance the students cite summers
correct beliefs that campus rape culture
male supremacy and the wage gap are
myths they say freedom of speech is
certainly an important tenet to a free
healthy society but that freedom stops
when it has a negative and violent
impact on other individuals there is no
debate here while I'm sure Lewis and
Clark's highly-trained campus police
will be on hand to slap some handcuffs
on any words that get violent speaking
of handcuffs I'm not saying this next
student who demanded summers accepted
questions during her speech deserves
them but something's got to stop these
hysterical hand motions imagine being so
entitled that you honestly think you can
attend an event for free and then as a
20 year old dictate its format to the
speaker and the rest of the students
it's incredible
these students believe they inhabit a
fascistic patriarchal rape culture
Summers told me in my factual feminist
series I have questioned the wisdom of
such beliefs skeptics are rarely popular
with true believers their impulse is to
banish me for heresy rather than engage
with my arguments I really like the
religious analogy here this kind of
narrow-minded zealot tree is precisely
why people compare Third Way feminists
to Islamists law school is supposed to
train students to reason and argue
continued summers these students seem to
be more adept at name-calling and
melodrama I'm hoping they are not
representative of the school this
reminds me of those harvard law students
who protested learning about rape law
because it was too triggering it's
enticing to think that these kids will
be the only victims of their own warped
realities but remember that the jobs for
which they're being trained have
real-life stakeholders and real-life
consequences
for campus unmasked I'm Robson shocked
if you liked this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
