we have to celebrate this man because he
did so much to create this nation well
folks I'm standing in front of a
delightful pub in Kingston Ontario it's
called the public house until very
recently it was called the Sir John a
and for good reason sir Johnny MacDonald
our first prime minister had his law
office here for 11 years before the
birth of Canada in fact however these
days in the social justice warrior set
sir Johnny MacDonald is linked to the
Indian Residential school system and
therefore he is Prime Minister non grata
they complained they picketed and the
owner Paul Fortier decided to change the
name from the Sir John a to the public
house we're gonna go inside find out
what happened what went down and why mr.
Fortier decided to acquiesce to their
demands well I'm with Paul Fortier and
Paul bought the Sir John a pub about six
years ago it has since been renamed to
the public house and Paul can you give
us some background in terms of who was
complaining about the fact that this pub
was named after our first prime minister
yeah well just let me give you a little
more background so when I bought this
building about five six years ago it was
an Italian pizzeria okay I called for no
so however historically the building was
Johnny McDonald's law office from 18-49
to 1860 of course Canada's first Prime
Minister recently we celebrated as 200th
birthday and of course last year the
hundred and fiftieth anniversary of
Canada's Confederation know that Justin
Trudeau said it was our 100th
anniversary so I remember that one
hundred and fiftieth anniversary Justin
so on you know we wanted to celebrate
Canada's first prime minister answer
Johnny MacDonald you know Kingston's
most famous citizen so you know as time
progressed of course things change a
little bit and we want to be as
inclusive as we can be we want everybody
to feel welcome here
and Canada's indigenous peoples said
they didn't really feel quite welcome
coming in because of the name Sir John's
public house and even though we
commemorate sir Johnny MacDonald in many
ways we have interpretive panels in here
we have a bust
an original bust of him downstairs we
have his portrait here he's all over our
menu so you know there's a plaque on the
outside of the building commemorating
the use of the building so John a is
still here but we did change the name
slightly from Sir John's public house to
the public house just to make it a bit
more inclusive last year was you know
sort of the year of reconciliation and
we wanted to take a small step towards
reconciliation as most Canadians I think
want to do when we talk Paul in this
context about reconciliation and Sir
John a McDonald I guess some native
protesters say he's connected or
attached to the residential school
system I'm just wondering when you say
that you know natives might not have
felt you know comfortable or welcome
here are we talking you know all natives
or is it just maybe some you know
activists in the native community I
would say we're talking about an extreme
segment of the indigenous population who
are activists and this was an easy
target for them but you know in
retrospect - we wanted to take a move a
small move it's not as though we've
thrown Johnny McDonald out I mean he's
my hero I love the man dearly
we wouldn't be Canada today if it
weren't for Johnny McDonald he
single-handedly pulled this country
together created this nation in 1867 and
grew the nation through the CPR railway
and bring British Columbia in - and some
of the eastern provinces as well Oh 100%
I mean there is so much more so much
more - Sir John a McDonald dead a
connection with the residential schools
in the bigger picture of the
reconciliation what I'm always curious
about Paul is that when it comes to
taking down names when it comes to
removing statues and you see that trend
going on at the end of the day does that
really change anything for you know the
average native on the reserve yeah no it
doesn't
it it is a step towards reconciliation
in here I'm a pub owner in the middle of
downtown Kingston what can we do to
contribute towards reconciliation and
this was a small step that we took what
that was symbolic it ended up being much
bigger than we ever anticipated would be
I mean it was national news for you know
several weeks I received more email and
more voice messages than I could even
consider including a few death threats
well I'm very sorry to hear that that's
be online but I was going to ask you
about that reaction in general what has
been the feedback to this move I mean is
it mostly positive are people by moaning
the fact that our first Prime Minister
is suddenly persona non grata at this
pub yeah but of course he's not sir
Johnny will always be commemorated here
he will always be respected we're just
looking at a broader picture here I'm a
historian I was trained as a historian I
worked at the National Archives for 21
years so you know I know Canada's
history I have great respect for it
that's why I bought this pub and turned
it in you know it was an Italian
pizzeria and then it was Sir John's
public house and you know I I want to
commemorate this guy I want to celebrate
him we still continue to do that so we
haven't disregarded him but we have made
a small change to the name in the spirit
of reconciliation to make the place a
more welcoming to a broader community we
want and there most people thumbs up on
the change or are they upset or a few
people that are very upset that feel
that we have disregarded Canada's past
but if they knew me personally and saw
what we do here these are people who
have never stepped foot in this place
they would know that that has not
happened hey folks have you heard the
news the rebel has a brand new app
please download it and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
