all monica lewinsky is embracing the
hashtag me to movement and feeling
vindication and healing from it she
penned an essay for Vanity Fair it is
way too long
seriously way too long I hit the button
for reader version and realized it was
one of those long-form articles not that
I stare away from those not at all
actually when it's on a matter not
pertaining to a door no digging up bones
from 20 years ago but you know when you
walk into a super Walmart or a Costco or
something for just a few items and you
immediately do an about-face because
it's just way too much yeah I almost say
that with this article but I kept
reading and though I still kind of feel
like she directs blame in every other
direction but herself I did find some
compelling excerpts she wrote about how
she met Ken Starr for the first time
three months ago seriously December of
2017 of course she had been face to face
with him many times throughout the trial
but this was the first time that she had
actually met him she writes about how
she is at a place in life now in her
journey in her emotional healing that
she could walk up to him directly and
introduce herself and not crumble she
goes on to discuss how utterly alone she
felt in 1998 and the years following
that tumultuous time in her life and in
our nation's life the collective trauma
that Americans went through witnessing
the most powerful man in the world
reduced to a cowardly adulterous man and
rightfully so I was a young teenager at
the time I I don't really remember much
about the congressional proceedings of
course I do remember being very confused
about the new cycle talking about cigars
and blue dresses in my mind it was
something that I guess didn't really
concern me but I know that the rest of
the country people who were old enough
to witness the fall from grace of our
president that had to have been at best
I guess strange but at worst traumatic
and life-changing that view that many
people held of our country's greatest
office that reverence and dignity it was
completely gone so take some time and
maybe do read that the essay I'm
interested in your thoughts I'm kind of
split on her I recognize that that
Clinton as president was the most
powerful man in the world at the time
praying
a 22-year old intern probably her first
real job but certainly her biggest job
she was young and impressionable and
vulnerable but I think her hashtag me to
experience I simply don't think that it
compares to that of women who experience
rape and sexual assault then again the
wife of Bill Clinton first lady did
excoriate her character and basically
call her trailer trash so maybe that
should be her me too angle let me know
what you think thanks thanks so much for
watching I'm Amanda head for the rebel
if you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us here at the
rebels subscribe to our premium content
at www.osr.wa.gov.au/payrollenquiry
you
