alright let's talk about to the most
prestigious and highly paid professions
in Canada do a gender analysis of them
doctors and lawyers just for examples
and I'm grateful to my friend Manny
Montana Greenough who first brought
these facts to my attention let's start
with lawyers these legal stats are a few
years old now so they're even more
lopsided today than they were in three
years ago law schools are now dominated
by women there are more women than men
in law schools and that is reflecting
itself in law firms now too here are the
stats from the law societies showing
that amongst young lawyers those who
graduating those are five years out of
law school and all the big provinces
women are the majority British Columbia
50.1% Ontario 52% Quebec 62.9% New
Brunswick 51.2 Nova Scotia Newfoundland
and Labrador now that's not the case
with lawyers who have been practicing
for 40 years the most senior lawyers
around are still disproportionately male
because there wasn't 55 60 percent
female enrollment in law schools 4050
years ago but today it's been shorty
women alright but who cares about
lawyers let's talk about something
important like doctors well doctors are
overwhelmingly female now this is from
the Canadian Medical Association it's a
big charge so keep it up on the screen
for a moment and let me explain it as
you can see it says right at the top
it's the number of active doctors in
Canada broken down by age sex and
province or territory so again let's
look at doctors who were aged 35 and
under so fairly new doctors those 10
years or so out for Canada as a whole
there were four thousand five hundred
ninety seven young women doctors and
three thousand and ten young men doctors
that is overwhelmingly female and in
every single province and territory
young doctors are majority women except
in Manitoba where there's a hundred and
one young women and 115 young men
doctors but pretty much equal just look
at Quebec 1672 young women doctors under
35 that is and just 745 men that's more
than two
female doctors for every male doctor
it's tough to even find a young doctor
in Quebec who is male according to the
lone male other professions are even
more lopsided 85 80 % of veterinarians
are women more than half of recent law
graduates are women we mentioned that
females account for 50 point 5 percent
of all auditors accountants and
investment professionals in Canada
according to the globe which brings me
back to my first point we are already
female friendly in fact we're so female
friendly as a country I'm worried we're
starting to be male unfriendly that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show no one leaves behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
