if we want to clean up this party before
the election and beat Kathleen Wynne we
have to start taking a hard look at
those individuals who corrupted our
party and start making some important
decisions and I can't see how those
people are considered members in good
standing and I'm not I'm with Jim Carrey
Holly s ex PC member not by choice mind
you and Jim you've been a longtime
critic Patrick Brown and the carbon tax
I guess as I say revenge is sweet well
it wasn't just the carbon tax it was
also the corruption in the party
specifically with the governance of how
the party was run look corruption
doesn't have to involve money Dave we've
seen allegations of financial propriety
but when you use fraud and when you're
dishonest and those people in power
doing that to get the ends that they
want and they're corrupting certain
rules and governance and lying about the
laws that's corruption and I took issue
with that and that's why they threw me
out of the party when Patrick Brown was
in charge if indeed Patrick Brown is
corrupt if that's provable certainly
there's the integrity commissioners
looking into Patrick Brown there is a
criminal investigation in the Hamilton
West Ancaster Dundas writing should
Patrick Brown be kicked out of the party
just as you were so I don't think we
need to wait for the integrity
commissioners to decide look Patrick
Brown lied about what the Elections Act
said he said that he had the power to
appoint candidates and he decided to
appoint 64 of them he doesn't have that
power Dave and then he ignored the party
Constitution he lied that that the
Constitution doesn't matter and it's
just advisory for him to just make a
choice of what candidate he want so
under the pre C Constitution you have
one obligation as a member uphold the
party Constitution and it's clear to
everyone in the party that he did not do
that
and if I'm gonna get thrown out of the
party Dave I don't know what the grounds
are to keep Patrick Brown in the party
you know you raised a very good point
about the Constitution Jim and it's
something we've seen firsthand covering
nomination writings and whenever the
party strays from the Constitution and
the grassroots members say this is
unconstitutional
party brass such as Rik Dykstra the
former president Bob Stanley the former
executive director say the
constitutional rules are merely
guidelines but when it comes to them
enforcing the Constitution they are hard
and fast rules so it's like it they're
having it both ways well look it's clear
the Constitution is a legal document and
it's binding and the Elections Act
relies on it for us for the party to
decide which candidates are selected you
know what every once in a while things
are gonna slip up in a party you're not
always gonna follow the letter of the
law what we're talking about here is a
deliberate violation of the Constitution
in numerous writings across Ontario what
is indeed the answer from the current
party brass about that well I haven't
heard I wrote a letter this morning I
don't know if they're gonna get back to
me but we can't keep our hopes up look
the PC executive still runs the party
and those people are there the majority
of them because of backroom deals that
Patrick Brown cut two years ago at a
convention so I'm not holding out hope
that those people are now going to see
the importance of a party Constitution
and rules and law and binding legal
documents but if we want to clean up
this party before the election and beat
Kathleen Wynne we have to start taking a
hard look at those individuals who
corrupted our party and start making
some important decisions and I can't see
how those people are considered members
in good standing and I'm not Jim what's
your opinion on why Patrick Brown
resigned just two days before the
leadership debate given that he threw
his hand his hat back in the ring I
guess it was less than two weeks ago
what's the unspoken reason for why he
decided he had to bail again well look
he tried to make it sound in his
withdrawal letter that it had nothing to
do with the media reports that came out
earlier in the day but everyone knew
when the integrity commissioner's
looking into your financial affairs when
the media reports that he instructed on
a nomination to quote-unquote get the
result that I want in a nomination where
the where the police are now
investigating for voter fraud it's
pretty clear why he dropped out and he
tried to suggest it was for other
reasons he showed no wearing fur for the
sake of his family and friends who are
under stress and that sort of thing and
the
concentrate on the the libel lawsuit
against CTV if he didn't want to put his
family through that he wouldn't have got
back in the race ten days ago so I'm not
buying that excuse he should have stayed
out of the race I don't know why he made
a circus of this party for ten days and
and it's clear to everyone you know the
other sad part about that withdrawal
letter is he didn't take any
responsibility for anything he's done in
the last two years or in the last ten
days he took no responsibility for the
circus he's he's done he showed no
remorse for anyone that he's railroaded
for those nomination candidates that
were robbed of their nominations he
showed no remorse and in a moment when
he had an opportunity to conjure some
sympathy he showed us that he didn't
deserve any a lot of Patrick Brown's
people of course went over to the
Caroline Mulrooney camp what do you make
of that well I'm not so sure about that
anymore I haven't been able to follow
the news today but it'd be interesting
to see since Patrick Brown got out of
the race those candidates that signed up
to endorse him in the last 10 days that
said you know what let's do another run
of this corruption with Patrick Brown as
leader they were promoting another run
of him as party leader where are they
gonna end up that's the question now I
want to see if any of these four
leadership candidates are they gonna cut
deals with these candidates that were
promoting and openly saying Patrick
Brown should get another kick at the can
knowing everything that we know so I'm
really nervous about some potential
backroom deals that are happening and
and people looking forward to
overlooking the last two years and not
fixing the problem you know that's an
interesting point Vic Fedele of course
is on record is talking about the rot
that is in the PC Party of Ontario do
you think the rot is simply Patrick
Brown who is now a non-factor or is
there still more rot in this party the
PC party Constitution is the best
democratic constitution that I've seen
from the three major parties in Ontario
so I don't think it's rotten and I don't
think as a whole the party is rotten the
grassroots members are large why would
why would Victor Delhi say that then
well because I think there's an element
and we've seen it it's Patrick Brown and
a handful of his friends and probably
the majority the executive that he hand
appointed or got them acclamation and if
we want to move forward we have to we
have to turn the page we can't just
pretend that it's one person that was
responsible for this mess Jim now that
Patrick
Brown is gone for good in terms of a PC
party leader we have come across so many
conservative so many PC supporters that
have abandoned the party they've there
they've been telling us they're gonna
sit this one out
decline their ballot they're going to
vote for
I guess protest parties like the
trillion party or the Ontario Alliance
do you think now that Patrick Brown is
out of this party
those disenchanted disillusioned
conservatives will come back in well I'm
not sure if he's out of the party yet
he's still a member as far I guess in
terms of a leader that but but you know
if he's going to be a candidate in
election election that's not very good
if some of the people that were
conspiring with them are still gonna
have major roles as candidates and other
factions in the party that's not very
good but one thing is clear the PC Party
is the natural home for conservatives
and we have to do everything we can the
next leader has to do whatever they can
to turn the page from this dark history
in our past and welcome those
conservatives back get them back on
board because we can't loot win the next
election by losing members and losing
votes that's not gonna work so in about
an hour or so there's going to be a
debate with the for leadership aspirants
who do you support Jim well I've got my
ax the carbon tax campaign I've got my
take back our PC party campaign as an
activist I'm not involved with any
campaign I'm putting my issues out there
I'm happy to see all four of them are
now against the carbon tax people were
telling me that was crazy two years ago
we've moved on the issue the PC party's
now for the carbon tax all the grass
roots they said all the grass roots
Patrick Brown said were for it now we've
seen a hundred percent against the
carbon tax
I'm really looking at this debate to see
what are these candidates going to say
about corruption in the party and the
governance of the party are they going
to take this seriously about nominations
the rule of law cuz that's an important
issue that's what conservatives bank on
and I want to see what these four
candidates are gonna have to say about
that let me rephrase the question if you
are a betting man and I think you are if
you had to put a wager on who's gonna
prevail at the convention who do you
think it would be that's not a wager I
would take because to me it's a
wide-open race right you've got Caroline
Mulroney that everyone knows you've got
Doug Ford you've got Christine Elliot
and look Tanya people didn't know about
but she came out of the gate swinging on
that
first debate caught a lot of people by
surprise and she did extremely well in
fact as Rinnai both thought she was the
winner of that debate well she was the
only one that called Patrick brown and
his corruption so we're gonna have to
see if the other three are willing to go
there today and be honest with the
voters like are we gonna actually
address what's going on in this party or
are we gonna try to cover it up and
pretend like everything's rosy now and
Jim last night you put out a mass email
outlining many of the points you've just
discussed with me what has been the
reaction about your your views and your
analysis of the whole Patrick Brown saga
well I sent an email to my supporters
last night about taking a serious look
about those members in our party that
are not upholding the Constitution and
going out of their way to conspired to
break it basically and if we want to be
serious and say that we're a clean party
we got to take a hard look at what it
means to be a member in good standing
and whether you're following the rule on
the Constitution and so Patrick Brown's
gone but there's others that think
everything that happened the last two
years was okay it's small group but the
next leaders got to have to address that
question and maybe they'll start tonight
and Jim those are the questions I had
unless is there anything I I missed that
you feel would be relevant to this story
I think we covered it all looking
forward to tonight thanks for the good
work Dave he folks have you heard the
news the rebel has a brand new app
download that app and take the rebel
wherever you go
you
