some of you may heard I've left rebel
media I've gone independent but I had
campaigns running when I worked with
viral media and I asked people to
support them I asked you to sign
petitions for example we have justice
for Nikki Nikki was a young English girl
who was violently beaten by a gang of
Muslims in Bali I asked you to sign a
petition aimed at the leading police
officer of that area we also had a
petition for a lady called Bev Bev was
working for a company she lost her job
she was very worried in the video when I
interviewed her about ever finding work
again at her age of 60 she served in the
real navy a lovely lovely lady she lost
her job having a different political
opinion I ask you to sign a petition for
that one good thing actually while we're
on it about that about the Bev situation
somebody watched our video contacted and
Bev's found work with that person so as
a happy ending to that story I'd like to
carry on more with that company and with
the Muslim police officer in charge of
badly but I also want to cut my ties
with rebel media so and start a new
chapter in my life so I've asked to sign
petitions suddenly this week I traveled
up north to hand in those petitions oh
it's a badly police station and I went
to contact the work where they've worked
the place where Beverley worked so I've
handed them in and I wanted to do that
what was important to do that rather
than just finishing my contract of rebel
and leaving rebel I wanted to make sure
that you the people who I asked who I'll
continue to ask to help me win cases or
highlight problems it's important that
you knew that I'd follow from what I
said I was going to do that you didn't
just sign a petition that was a waste of
time I've handed it in as I said I cut
my ties maybe I'll follow up on both for
them when I go independent properly
myself thanks for supporting me as
always you now if you want to support me
you'll be able to find me at Tommy
Robinson dot online where I'll be doing
exactly the same again but the gloves
are off
no one on my own boss
you
