more liberal and sanity coming out of
New York City and Bill de Blasio's
administration you won't believe the
lawsuit they settled this time at
taxpayer expense seldom does a day go by
when the insanely far left Bill de
Blasio administration in New York City
doesn't do something that both rust
rates and infuriate Smee so add this new
one to that long list the city of New
York is spending one hundred and eighty
thousand taxpayer dollars to settle a
lawsuit with three Muslim women settle
lawsuits with three Muslim women who
didn't want to remove their heat jobs
for police booking photos after they
were arrested the case is started in
2012 when a woman got into a scuffle a
Muslim woman with another woman
she was arrested and she was brought to
the 62nd precinct in Brooklyn she didn't
want to remove her hijab in the presence
of men male officers male employees men
that weren't part of her family and to
whom she wasn't married
so the precinct accommodated her they
brought her into a room with a female
officer in which you're moving hijab and
was photographed but when she got to
Brooklyn central booking their camera
was fixed and there were no female
employees corrections officers take the
photo now understand what central
booking is in New York City when you
make an arrest you bring the person to
the local police precinct you fill out
the preliminary paperwork and then they
go to a holding cell for a couple of
hours to a couple of days depending on
the severity of the offense and and that
cell the central booking facility is
typically located in the in the bottom
of a courthouse of the County Courthouse
they are held in a Cell and they're
escorted from the cell through the
arraigning judge where they're given
bail released on their own recognizance
remanded and it means held without bail
etc that's the process you've seen it a
hundred times a thousand times on
television shows like Law & Order so
when she got to central booking they had
a fixed camera and it's been that way
forever when I would take my perps the
people I arrested in a Bronx central
booking there was a fixed camera there's
a long line of people being booked it's
get him getting get him out boom we take
your picture
boom click the click take a picture on
to the next on to the next on to the
next get them in the cells
there's no time to specially accommodate
people who are arrested simply because
they're Muslim and simply because they
didn't want to remove their hijab well
that was the 2012 case in 2015 and 2016
the same lawyers filed these two
additional cases very similar
circumstances when these Muslim women
got the Brooklyn central booking they
didn't want to stand in line like
everybody else and click-click-click
have their photo taken and move on they
demanded special treatment and they sued
the city now this is ridiculous
this has very serious public safety
implications people look very different
very very different with dramatic head
coverage than they do without this is a
public safety issue this is a criminal
justice issue and let's say it this
could be a counter-terror identification
issue I'm not saying these were more
accused of Terror but they live and
operate in a community especially the
Muslim community in Brooklyn that had a
lot of activity a lot of activity pre
and post 9/11 and a lot of activities
surrounding every other plot in New York
City successful or foiled and I don't
even like to say there are oriole to
terror plots when somebody gets a bomb
in a Port Authority terminal they were
successful the mechanical device failed
to go off but we didn't stop that plot
it was by the grace of God that their
device failed and in this particular
community this particular Brooklyn
Muslim community we have seen a lot of
terror Association a lot of Terra
fundraising and a lot of terror activity
pre and post these attacks well I don't
want people to be able to keep their
hijab Zhaan I wouldn't want a Christian
to be able to wear a certain type of
headgear I don't want to seek to be able
to wear a certain type of headgear I
don't want Jewish prisoners to be able
to wear anything that would obfuscate
the mugshot I don't care who they are if
we arrest Hasidic Jewish person he needs
to take his hat off if we arrest a
devout Christian who might be required
to wear head covering because of their
religion I want it off for the mugshot
there are certain times where you simply
have to comply in certain times where
taxpayers shouldn't be required to
fought a 180,000 dollar bill now I know
why the city of New York settled this
well I know why the corporation Council
which is New York City's civil attorney
will say they settle this but I suspect
the motives are far more politically
correct and I'm gonna tell you all about
what I think those are on my longer
one-hour show off the cuff Declassified
right here on the rebel if you like
these stories and they are really
interesting they give us a glimpse
inside the mind of progressivism please
subscribe to our premium service a
www.mediaed.org Scott is real calm and
sign our petitioner when we're bringing
it to the Broward County Commission
Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi and
Florida Governor Rick Scott demanding
the removal of sheriff Scott Israel from
the helm of the Broward County Sheriff's
Department also go to your App Store
download the rebel app a great way to
get all of our content and as always
thank you so much for watching I'll be
back with you tomorrow
you
