tanja you keep talking about you talked
about tearing up the wind turbines the
McGinty liberals got in big trouble by
canceling a gas plant you might have
heard about that how are you gonna
cancel contracts to generate energy
without costing taxpayers loads of money
so I didn't say tearing up windmills I
said ripping them out of the ground and
I'm very clear about that how would we
do that because we have it within our or
we have it within our power legislative
power to do so so if we pass legislation
that we will cancel those contracts then
we get to say how much if any money that
will be paid but I'm gonna put companies
on notice if they're getting fat off the
taxpayers and families in Ontario that's
gonna come to an end you mentioned a
couple of times tonight that you had
wish that Patrick Brown was on the stage
if that had been the case what would you
have said to him well I've made it very
clear I would have held him to account
for his political crimes and one of the
major themes of those crimes is the
corruption and the corrupt manner in
which he has governed this party and in
which he has run local nominations
follow-up question tell you know two
years Patrick Browns been leader he has
alienated social fiscal Democratic
conservatives to the point that so many
have stopped supporting the PC party if
you became leader what would you say or
do to attract those supporters back to
the fold
thank you well that's why I'm in this
race to be a strong voice for those who
felt disenfranchised by Patrick Brown or
her or simply neglected or stole to
leave and what I would do is I would I
would unify people with my with my voice
I will tell people let us come together
we we need to focus now move beyond
Patrick Brown and we need to focus on
defeating the McGinty win Liberal
government that has ruled us for way too
long so I would make sure that the grass
roots are heard that's the most
important thing to me let people have
their voice we're not gonna kick people
out of the party we're not gonna bully
people out of nomination races we're
gonna have open fair and Democratic
nominations and let the best candidate
win and that's how we restore some
integrity to this party and that's how
we govern ourselves with integrity
we need to make sure that we are
equipped to do that and I will be the
person to do that very clearly you've
been pushing for candidates to come out
and set their policies and positions on
a few issues parental control of
education and also a number of things
I'm wondering if do you feel it as
though there's been any evening progress
and this have you got them to put put
down the positions on on the ground well
I think you can appreciate that from the
very minute I entered this race
candidates have already evolved their
positions on issues that affect all
Ontarians so for example with the sexual
education curriculum I guess the only
candidate who hasn't evolved is karellen
Mulroney because she still said she
won't revisit it which is sad because
there are many parents whose rights are
being trampled with that kind of
position but you know I see the Doug
Ford has come some way on that issue
Christine Elliot just tonight said that
she would give notice to parents when
these matters would be discussed within
the classroom and I commend them because
that's important we need to make sure
that parental rights and parental choice
with their children is respected in
Ontario to build off that you appeared
you were trying very hard tonight to get
the other candidates to pledge that they
would reopen any contentious nomination
races that occurred what did you make of
the answers that you got tonight from
each of the candidates so the reason I
was very vocal on that issue because I
respect grassroots democracy and it's
the right and the just and the correct
thing to do is to reopen those
nominations I would have liked to have
well I think Doug Ford committed to
reopening those nominations and I
commend him for that I would like to see
the other two candidates put an end to
the corruption within this party and
give due process to those candidates
who've been shut out and who were
bullied and and and discredited we need
to put an end to that can you name
particular ridings where you would
reopen the nominations identify the
exact ones sure there are several I mean
we know already the party has overturned
to a Scarborough Center and Ottawa sauna
peon there's now the writing of a
Hamilton West Ancaster Dundas obviously
the candidate there has stepped down to
allow for an open then there's of course
a lot of
dirt that has come up in the past week
some other writings is Carlton with
Goldie to Kumari we have issues here
Glen Garry Prescott Russell with Miss
Simard what other writings Durham I
mentioned that one in the debate with
Joe Neal the current candidate is
Lindsey Park we've got to open up that
one I mean we could go on and on and on
I mean those are the ones that have been
have been made and known who knows how
many others are and I would like to hear
from those candidates because if we're
gonna talk about due process and if
we're gonna talk about real conservative
values then we to talk about respecting
democracy and especially at the
grassroots local level Tonia where are
you running well we have committed to
run because you have to in order to run
as a leadership candidate and as of this
point until I'm the victor we do not
have to commit to a location no but when
you when you filed your papers that you
had to file to get approved by the
provincial nominations committee you had
to declare a writing what writing did
you declare well there were only a few
handful that were open but I'm happy to
see that and since that time that I
filed those papers that more writings
have been opened up so once we've passed
this process of running for leader that
I will look to see what other writings
have been open up and I will select a
writing then okay so but if you're not
saying what writing you're gonna win it
does it depend on whether you become
leader or not I think it depends on
what's available at that time and I'd be
more than happy to answer that question
as we progress in all answer that
question on March 10th you'll have to
talk to the lyac about that no but three
the PNC okay but you you aren't saying
what writing what writing did you
declare in the papers that you filed
with the provincial nominations
committee I was under instruction from
the provincial nominations committee
that we don't have to commit to that
writing or declare it so I will let you
take that up with a provincial
nominations committee so you filed it
your name in a writing but you don't say
what the writing was I'm take that up
with a provincial nominations committee
okay the other thing though is this is a
ranked ballot what are you telling your
supporters to do for who do you want
them to rank second I don't I let my
supporters exercise their democratic
right to to vote and rank as many or as
few people as they choose
number one message is rank Tanya Granick
Allen as number one and do the rest as
you as you would like Tanya when you
gave that list of writings you'd like to
see reopened I'd like to get your
viewpoint on one of the write in German
ships Carrollton with gold eagle Mary
and she has allegedly written on social
media that Jesus is worm food and
Christianity is gay and I'm just curious
as a social conservative what do you
have to say to those comments I don't
think I have to be a social conservative
or anything just to address those
comments and I think that's something
that the the pmc will have to address
because she was vetted and she was
approved to run so that's up to them
again I miss Kumari can say whatever she
likes I mean this is a democracy and we
have freedom of expression but for more
information on other writings I'm sorry
one I think you asked for a list of
other writings just go check out take
back our PC party Jim kara helios has a
lot of information on a lot of these
writings with a lot of details and I'm
sure you'd find a wealth of information
there but by the way so I just one more
question I I don't agree with her
opinion there that was AIA poor that a
position he folks have you heard the
news the rebel has a brand-new app
download that app and take the rebel
wherever you go
you
