according to critics the greatest movie
ever put to screen was just released
boasting a critic score on Rotten
Tomatoes higher than Iron Man in the
Avengers or even Braveheart in the
Shawshank Redemption and until it dipped
to 97% after opening weekend had a score
higher than the Godfather and
Schindler's List how are these few
dissenters from the ranks needed to be
investigated because it was clearly a
coup that needed to be addressed
headline reading quote a critic gave
Black Panther its first bad review and
people are not buying the reason unquote
the only explanation being an act of
malpractice or bigotry because of the
overwhelming praise offered to the altar
of this movie headlines reading quote
Black Panther inspires more than
african-americans community leaders
emphasize importance of movie Black
Panthers Wakanda gets everything right
about Africa that Trump got so wrong
so can a movie ever live up to this
godlike praise and did the creators of
Black Panther - Jewish men living in New
York City Stan Lee and John Kirby
miraculously contrive the most pure
version of what it means to be an
empowered person of African culture
let's find out I'm Ben Davies this is
pure Hollywood
Black Panther was made for 200 million
dollars but grossed over 360 worldwide
opening weekend making it the fourth
largest opening ever for Marvel and for
opening weekend puts it just behind the
Avengers 1 and 2 and Captain America
Civil War what is fascinating about
Black Panther success is that it's
almost exclusively domestic box office
sales that boosted it to the top meaning
it was the American viewers themselves
for the support of the movie and the
people involved and at the worldwide box
office didn't do nearly as good as these
other movies for example the top dog The
Avengers age of Ultron opening weekend
have 32 percent of its total gross
profit from domestic and 60 7.3 percent
of all the money earned was from the
worldwide box office while Black Panther
got 53 percent over half of its total
revenue from the domestic population and
only 46 worldwide almost 70% of total
profit from the world for age of Ultron
and then down to 46 for black panther
very interesting statistic considering
that the african-american population the
United States is about 13% and then
apparently America is so entrenched in
racism they would never support a movie
like this oh wait that's just the
mainstream media's narrative they keep
pushing maybe you should tell that's the
rest of the world that didn't support it
let's get away from the politics for a
second and get into the movie was this a
good movie Black Panther I will give as
a viewer a 4 out of 5 I really enjoyed
seeing the blend of nature and
technology is really beautiful to see
this contrived world of Wakanda
where it's built into literally the
mountains in the heart of Africa with
this beautiful scenery also with this
great piece of technology was really
cool to see on screen it was very unique
that I hadn't seen in very many other
movies so the story follows T'Challa or
black panther who is kind of the hero of
this story he fights to keep his people
in the Society of Wakanda intact as a
whole and not fall like many other
nations have done in the past it is his
time to lead the story itself has a bit
too many characters for you to really
follow and so you kind of have to sit
back and take everything in at once also
in a special effects driven movie it was
odd to see a few scenes that were very
beautiful very fun very exciting to
watch strung them with a few that looks
so green-screen and awkward and odd that
is really distracting in these type of
movies too I love seeing the technology
that you can just imagine and create on
screen and some of the technology was
very inventive and unique while all this
were just odd and out of place but these
minor theatrical mishaps really don't
steer you
away from the overall hero story and
slapstick comedy we've come to expect
and love from marvel as a critic I'm
gonna give the movie a three out of five
the main problem of this movie was a
lack of a central hero into Chawla or
black panther he's supposed to be that
here I mean after all he is on the cover
but as the movie gets on you realized
that hey this guy is just kind of a hero
just because I mean just because he has
a suit and he had me born the Wright
family and he ate a magic herb literally
in this movie his sister who is 16 is
more intelligent than he is an is the
most intelligent person in the kingdom
his female role guard is a better
fighter than he is and his love interest
who is basically uninterested the entire
time is seen as the better leader and
could be a better queen if she was given
the chance and this is even mentioned by
him in the movie and as this continues
well these side characters being thrust
in the spotlight it seems that he's just
the hero because it's just because he's
there that black panther needs to be the
hero of the story and I really think
that's what's suffered the most out of
all the other elements I actually did
enjoy the antagonist Michael B Jordans
character of kill monger he was much
more complex character is more
interesting to watch and it was more
justified in all of his actions he was
at least a clear antagonist person other
than that everything was basically just
good solid as like a movie and nothing
was outlandishly special or important
enough to really break down and talk
about now I have to performance Awards
first going to Andy Serkis can we please
give this guy an Oscar already I mean
you were the best actor an Academy Award
winning movie in Lord the Rings playing
Gollum his work in ink heart and Wild
Bill including the plan of the eight
series like can we please give any
circus an award at some point please and
Lupita younga who already did win an
Oscar for her performance in 12 years of
slave in this movie she has given almost
nothing to work with her character is
basically just there which is the fault
of every other character basically
around Black Panther because they're all
have to be perfect but they're all
perfect characters with nothing really
to struggle with so as an actress she
did had basically nothing to work with
but on screen she definitely stands up
above the rest which is a testament to
how good of an actress she really is and
my faith in values I'm gonna get black
panther a 2 out of 5 now this is gonna
be interesting for me because the cover
country basically for Conda is a
third-world country in the center of
Africa that is exactly mirror image of
Uganda which is also in the center of
Africa where the mouth of the Nile River
starts I spent about a month in Uganda
doing missions work so I have a small
glimpse into the society and some things
that I think would help and some things
that definitely do
help I think it's interesting too that
the antagonist in the movie Michael B
Jordan is super mad at the place that he
was raised he was left in America that
was apparently super super hard even
though he was able to go to MIT finished
top of his class go to West Point
finished off his class be a leader in
the US military and be a hero over there
and then come back and now he's super
mad and wants to take it over while all
the while wanting to become the leader
of Wakanda which it's former leader
murdered his father and let them
abandoned their and in Woodland
communities an outsider but anyway he
and other wakandan leaders believe that
if you pour money and share our
technology and weapons and and basically
give power to these different people
that's how we're gonna find unity and
peace that's we're gonna have raised up
Africa and bring people out of poverty
is just sharing finances and resources
basically with everybody but would that
work in real life
Uganda the average woman has over five
and a half children that has gone down
all thank goodness in the past couple
years there was over six and half but
what is even more striking about the
culture and the values there in Uganda
currently is that almost sixty percent
of all women think it's justified for
their husbands to beat them if they do
something wrong there is a clear need
for a father figure in all these
different homes in these communities in
Africa particularly in Uganda that I saw
firsthand the women share the lion's
share of the burden around the house and
with the children and it basically
everything else why most the men would
go out with their buddies and just drink
and come back later no this wasn't
everyone but this was a vast majority
while I was there
honestly it was tragic it was so
entrenched in their culture in their
duties that when I was there I was even
helped one woman out in the kitchen
because I just she had so much work to
do and by me going in there and doing
dishes it put great shame on her that
she could be beaten for because
apparently she couldn't do the job that
she was supposed to do that she was
entrusted to do and then could face a
consequence and it was a great sign of
disrespect that I would go in there and
help her because the only the women are
supposed to do that kind of work and the
elements of the family that were shown
in the Black Panther movie are something
that I do think deserve some praise that
I think would help a community like that
in the movie it stresses the importance
of family and culture and history and
values all those kind of things it's not
by power technology or finances that you
can propel yourself to your best self
why Panther holds his father in very
very high regard even like in a god-like
stance because he ascends to this plane
or whatever but he has something to live
up to
he assuming to be accountable with and I
do love those elements of family and
values but the question is how can those
be achieved well the Bible says quote
would draw near to God must believe that
he exists and that he rewards those who
seek him unquote obviously not everyone
be blessed with a great father figure or
like a lineage like that so you need
something something some tangible person
exactly like I truly believe that any
real change is gonna start with God
poured down to the family to the
children that also gives you a lifestyle
expectations of accountability for you
to make something of yourself it's not
going to be fixed by people throwing
money at stuff or giving technologies
can be by people sacrificing their time
and their lives to raise up the next
generation and what is shocking to me is
that in the movie what they say is gonna
promote and really fix the problem is
basically to be like this country like
what kind of the perfect embodiment of
of African culture when really
everything that what kinda stands for in
the way that it works and its political
elements in the political society not
the family stuff but the political stuff
and the way that his hero runs his
country and all kind of stuff is exactly
what white nationalists and the alright
have been promoting for years and his
force bias mentality is so so
destructive and potentially dangerous
and very similar ideas were promoted by
Hitler and mass murderers in African
nations towards other African nations
even their own communities without any
Western influence like Darfur Rwanda and
Idi Amin genocide in Uganda where I was
literally tens of millions of people
have died because of this tribal
mentality of if you're not with us you
should be killed and you're ostracized
because of it and if you haven't seen
the last King of Scotland about idiom
meaning Uganda I highly suggest watching
it's a fantastic movie and like I said
in the movie they blame most the
problems on Western influence for all
these African societies Wakanda is
perfect cuz it didn't have any influence
whatsoever but I was there on the ground
in the mountains in Jinja and Uganda
where a lot of the people had never even
seen a white person before outside of
any Western influence who were living in
unbelievable poverty and huts with no
clean drinking water and it only got
worse as we got towards the cities like
Kampala the capital where there's
actually closer to the government in the
corruption it just gets worse and worse
and worse because of the power they have
over you and the corruption the
government itself we even had to pay off
police officers and I give us these fake
tickets because they were just extorting
everyone constant on the roads so then
the real question is how do you help
these incredible people that are in
these terrible situations like how do
you fix the culture that's at the bottom
of it and then fortunately that can't be
done by throwing money and resources at
it so then how do you get that purpose
and accountability to move forward the
bible says quote every knee will
before me every tongue will acknowledge
God so that then each of us will give an
account of ourselves to God unquote real
change happens person to person by
helping to instill values in a culture
that everyone agrees to live under and a
rock to stand on and maybe real
empowerment is not gonna be found with a
for us bias mentality or creating an
ethnos state but rather believing in a
real superhero
I've been Davies this is pure Hollywood
and another fantastic news you can now
download the rebel up and take me with
you wherever you go to get exclusive
content in the entire rebel lineup
you
