anteye firearms boycotts are coming to
Canada inspiring left-wing busybodies to
boycott water bottles and ski helmets of
all things and it looks like the sjw's
at Mountain Equipment co-op are ready to
jump on the bandwagon a change.org
petition has just been launched asking
Canadian company Mountain Equipment
co-op to stop the sale of all Vista
outdoor brands now Vista outdoor brands
owns a number of companies including
Camelback which makes water bottles gyro
bushnell which makes optics Bolle which
makes helmets and goggles Camp Chef and
Jimmy sticks but this saw also owns
Savage Arms which makes among other
things semi-automatic firearms the
petition reads given the recent massacre
of high school students in parkland
Florida MEC is facing an urgent ethical
obligation to act in accordance with its
mission and values and immediately stop
selling brands owned by Vista outdoors a
company whose profits are derived from
the production of assault weapons
capable of mass murder oh yes assault
weapon it basically means whatever you
want it to mean in this instance assault
weapon means run-of-the-mill bolt-action
rifle owned by millions of people
legally and it looks like Mountain
Equipment co-op is getting ready to fold
like a cheap suit according to the
Financial Post MEC said earlier Monday
that its senior management would be
meeting to discuss calls for it to stop
selling Vista Outdoor incorporated owned
brands including Camelback and Bolle
mech on the other hand doesn't really
cater to hunters and sports shooters
they don't really sell anything like
scent blocker clothing technology that
hunters would use out in the bush but US
hunters are pretty outdoorsy and we have
an expensive hobby an MEC does carry
things that we would probably buy but
it's pretty clear they'd rather chase
away our business to gain well absolute
we know new customers bold strategy MEC
let's see if it works out let's take a
minute to examine exactly what Mountain
Equipment co-op is willing to chase away
from their stores
let me start close to home the way I
always do Albertsons are seeing a
renaissance in the hunting and shooting
sports according to government of
Alberta numbers just over one hundred
and twenty seven thousand hunting
licenses were bought by albertans in
2016 up sixteen thousand from 2012 and
those hunters in Alberta just by buying
hunting licenses Outdoor ID cards and
draw applications added eighteen million
dollars to government coffers alone and
all those brand new and returning
hunters well they need someplace to go
buy their outdoor equipment and they
have been the retail Council of Canada
said they're delighted to see such
strong growth in hunting participation
in Alberta because it's good news for
outdoor stores except of course if
you're an sjw outdoor store that can't
even sell you a water bottle because the
bottles parent company manufactures
perfectly legal firearms but I digress
let's go out a little bit further gun
ownership is on the rise here in Canada
the last year there is available data
for non restricted guns in Canada is
2011 that's the last year of available
non restricted data because the
Conservative government thank God in
heaven stuck a knife in the hearts of
the gun registry vampire but that data
did reveal that there were 7.1 million
non-restricted guns in Canada up nearly
10% since the Conservatives came into
power even more heartwarming the
worrywarts at the Coalition for gun
control say by 2020 we will have double
the number of restricted guns from 2009
restricted meaning of course handguns
and rifles the RCMP doesn't like the
color of the coalition for gun control
claims there was an 82% increase in
restrictive gun ownership while Stephen
Harper was in power
I suspect the rate of non restricted
ownership is seeing the same sort of
increase but at the same time I'm also
very happy that the government doesn't
know anything about it anyway
what's my point that there are a lot of
people with a lot of guns doing a lot of
legal things with those guns in the
outdoors here in Canada and we spend a
lot of money doing it although these
numbers aren't as closely tracked in
Canada as they are in the United States
in 2012 nearly a billion dollars were
spent directly in the pursuit of hunting
in Canada you chase hunters and sports
shooters out of your outdoor store at
your own financial peril but this isn't
the first time that mec passively told
us they don't want our dirty money in
their stores anyway and I think it's
about time we should get better at
listening to them when they say it MEC
has close ties with eco justice Mountain
Equipment co-op CEO David Libous tour
has pushed conspiracy theories about
conservative legislation in the past
remember the changes to the navigable
waterways Protection Act in 2012
environmentalists at the time were
shrieking about how it removed
environmental protections from Canadian
waterways which is absolute and total
bunk it's like people don't understand
the difference between the word
navigable and environmental anyway
MECs CEO is quoted in an eco justice
press release saying he believes the
proposed amendments to the navigable
waterways Protection Act would
significantly erode outdoor recreation
in this country and the opportunities it
provides for adventure and inspiration
anyway
the changes were made to the law and
everybody is still out there kayaking
just like they did before but now you
don't have to jump through a thousand
hoops to get permission to build a boat
dock now so there's that anyway here's
eco justice again this time fighting
against now dead Northern Gateway
pipeline calling it unsafe unsustainable
and unnecessary on the very same page
eco justice thanks Mountain Equipment
co-op for its generous support of their
work to block Canadian infrastructure
and fight against the best interests of
Albertans
and all Canadians Mountain Equipment
co-op has been anti normal people for a
very long time we just haven't been all
that graded paying attention to them in
the face of a small amount of Fringe
outcry Mountain Equipment co-op is
running scared
but it's not like they needed all that
much help bending to every SJW cause in
the book because well they do that
anyway which is fine by me because I
suspect this will all work out the very
same way it is for Delta Airlines after
they caved to anti NRA activists in the
United States by ending their NRA
discount Mountain Equipment co-op is
only going to alienate reliable
customers to please people who would
probably shop with them either way
Camelback in the store or not and as for
people like me I'm a hunter with a
pretty costly past time the good news is
I can stroll right into a handful of
other stores frankly more affordable
stores that want my business and don't
presume I'm in support of school
shootings because I have a date with a
deer and a tree stand
every November for the rebel dot media
I'm Sheila Gunn read speaking of anti
NRA wackadoodles have you signed our
petition calling on Florida Governor
Rick Scott to fire Broward County
Sheriff Scott Israel for the failure of
his department to save the lives of
students at Marjory Stoneman Douglas
High School our petition is being
censored by Twitter but you can still
find it at fire Scott Israel calm
