on November the 8th 2016 a political
revolution occurred that's a quote from
General Mike Flynn president Trump's
former national security adviser and
general Flynn was absolutely right it
was a peaceful revolution but a
revolution nonetheless why because the
man who is now the most powerful person
in the world is not a politician and was
not beholden to any part of the existing
political establishment I can tell you
this because I've worked for him I've
worked for him during the campaign and
in the White House
first time I met Donald Trump was in the
summer of 2015 just prior to a
Republican candidates debate when I was
asked to travel to Trump Tower in New
York and meet with then mr. Trump we
talked about national security issues
about my potentially working for him as
an advisor and then halfway through the
meeting there's only three of us in the
room myself Corey Lewandowski his then
campaign manager in the future president
of America halfway through the
discussion mr. Trump stopped turned to
his campaign manager and said I like
this guy let's hire him that's who he is
he doesn't wait for polling figures he
has an incredibly accurate instinct and
he is decisive that is something that we
don't see on the left or the right the
President of the United States is only
accidentally a GOP politician in fact he
never held public office before he came
into the White House and never served as
a general in our military which has
never happened before he is a man who
appeals across the board with his common
sense I saw this most vividly when in
the summer of last year we flew to
Youngstown Ohio which is the center of
steel Valley we were there for a rally
we drove from the airbase where Air
Force one landed for
20 minutes to the stadium passing
disused steel mill after this new steel
mill we arrived at the location tens of
thousands of local people from Ohio
individuals who you know because I met
with them we were taking selfies for at
least half an hour before the president
gave his speech people who had been
registered Democrats whose parents and
grandparents had voted Democrat but when
the first lady Melania and when the
president came on stage the audience
erupted they chanted USA USA and drain
the swamp how is this possible it's
possible because we've had a political
revolution and a man who responds to the
failure of left and right in Washington
DC what does this mean for the midterms
well what's the president's CPAC speech
that he just gave I would say quoting a
good friend Larry O'Connor a radio host
here in DC that the November midterm
campaign began on Friday when the
president gave his CPAC speech he was
very very commonsensical he actually
said at one point this scripted speech
is boring so I'm gonna go off prompter
he said to the audience we will never
let them take away your second Amendment
rights he pulled out a poem from his
pocket a poem about a snake that is
taken in and then attacks the person
that is looking after it
as an analogy for the broken immigration
system we've inherited he connected with
the audience everybody there knew that
things have changed question is do the
Democrats and does the GOP establishment
it seems the Democrats have no idea they
still don't understand what happened in
November of 2016 they're still talking
about Russia Russia Russia and have this
collusion delusion when most Americans
simply don't care they see the booming
economy they see the tax reform the
bonuses companies are giving and they're
going to vote with their pocketbooks
but what about the GOP what about the
party that is normally the president's
well they have a decision to make they
need to understand that the president
won despite the GOP not because of the
grand old party if they understand that
they can ride his shirttails to a
victory in November which will mean
seven more years of Donald Trump we have
had a revolution in America we will see
if the establishment understands thank
you for watching the Gawker briefing if
you like this video please check out the
rebel media YouTube channel follow me on
Twitter at Seb Gorka that's Seb ji o RK
a and share these videos on Facebook and
Twitter because with your help we can
push back on the fake news industrial
complex and finally get the truth out
god bless
