this incident was predictably
politicized first the reason for the
massacre was Trump then it was white
supremacy then it was the NRA and on and
on it went
but you personally attended the memorial
service and the way some members of the
media behaved was absolutely beyond the
pale what was the worst thing you
observed John well you know it was it
wasn't a service proper David as much
was a running memorial right there were
there were cords and remembrances on the
main fence of the campus and there was
that the image that we that you just
showed of the crosses on a little hill
in front of the school it was sort of a
24/7 running memorial and people were
understandably upset - I would say
inconsolable and the worst of it was
that the mainstream media and they were
parked alongside on the other side of
the street I mean they took up the whole
right lane their trucks their satellite
trucks etc they were looking for people
who were mourning the hardest not only
shoving cameras in their faces but they
weren't even saying how are you feeling
what's your relation to the tragedy it
was do you believe in gun control
shouldn't we ban guns they weren't even
giving these people a second to grieve
they were politicizing their grief and
making it all about a left-wing
political agenda you know it's
incredible John back when I was in the
newspaper business I only did one story
involving someone who died in an
accident I had to interview his mother I
hated every second of it she couldn't
stop crying
I hated interviewing her I hated writing
the story I'm glad I never had to do
another one again I would never think
for a second to politicize something
like that is there a special breed of
cat in the mainstream media these days
John that has absolutely no empathy that
they just have subscribed to the credo
if it bleeds it leads and they will
actively exploit something even a
profound tragedy like this
oh absolutely look you know one of the
one of the most telling things I saw was
there was a male and a female both on a
broadcast journalists who were debating
whether or not it was appropriate to go
to the funeral homes and catch the
families as they were leave
I mean think about that David that there
is that there is even a smidgen of your
of your being of your persona that
thinks it's okay to go to a funeral home
and ambush a family who's burying their
child this is what some of these people
have become I never want to do that kind
of coverage I will never engage in that
kind of coverage they were really
considering getting in their vehicles in
doing this and I was thinking to myself
man I want to tell them when I think of
them this is not the appropriate place
in time hey that was an excerpt from my
weekly show rebel roundup in which we
highlight the best stories of the week
with your favorite rebels if you want to
see the full show please sign up to
become a Premium Member
you
