it's on credible media I'm here with
kaya Jones who just an outstanding
rendition of our national anthem at
president trump speech that was great I
loved the speech I thought it was an
outstanding conservative speech what'd
you think
I loved it it's like it's just so him it
was it was flowing and feeling he was
relaxed there was no like I'm scripted
because we know that they've put a lot
of scripted things for him to read it
was he was himself again I love when the
president Ivo said this since the
campaign I love when Trump is 75% on
prompter and 25% off and just being
Donald Trump the guy from Queens for him
that's why we voted for him because he
is just him you know what I mean like
he's just doing him we there's no one he
could be better than just Donald Trump
you've been as much as you're an
entertainer and activist for the
president you're out there you working
hard in 2018 people tell me I'm crazy
the liberals tell me I'm crazy I think
art I think our trendline is gonna rise
I think we're gonna pick up seats in the
midterms am i delusional no have you
just seen the videos lately of Nancy
Pelosi her numbers are at 20%
I mean her own party's charity got her
the rats are eating each other at this
point it's amazing and they're fleeing
the sinking Democrats oh I have already
said this that party's about to split I
think you're right because we were we
were so divided and Trump is really
answer coming up and the independents
are they're moving over here cuz they're
starting to see I mean he's not like if
you watch a speech you watch a full
speech not the fake news not the
chopped-up version you never think he's
a racist you would never say the things
that people do because he's actually
just Pro America that's it
you know what I say kiyah though I don't
carry your race your gender your
religion no one votes against more money
in their paycheck no one and he's
putting more money in people's paychecks
yeah and he's breathe we're now at 2.7
million jobs he's brought in a year
come on the numbers don't lie it's
substantive economic growth I mean he's
getting people off welfare in a system
that's broken to begin with you know
this is what is important people need to
take care of their families they need to
be able to eat you can't
eat what are you gonna do oh it's gonna
be like la where everyone's homeless I
couldn't agree more you're gonna be out
there in force in 2018 singing the
anthem for candidates I have to I have
to keep pushing it not just the anthem
keep using my voice in every which way I
can because it's not over it's not over
and we're coming up - you know our mid
and we got to keep pushing pushing
pushing and just because you know he
said it just because we whined we can't
get complacent you know I think he threw
the gauntlet down and told the Dems
we're conservatives we're proud of it
and we're coming for your seats we are
and we should we should start acting
like we won because we did we did Kyle
Jones thank you very much great to see
www.mediaed.org
