welcome back well one of the issues at
CPAC and indeed for conservatives around
the world is how to deal with radical
Islam and one of the answers at least we
believe this at the rebel is the answer
to radical Islam is moderate Islam
liberal Islam that's why we love people
like Raheel Raza and whatever heals
allies is our next guest Judy Jasser is
the leader of I want to get this just
right the American Islamic forum for
democracy it's great to talk with you
I've met you before tell me a little bit
about yourself and your organization in
your mandate well I'm the son of Syrian
immigrants was born in the US so it was
in the Navy for eleven years and after
9/11 we formed organization with the
mission to separate mosque and state
people didn't get it they said why don't
you just counterterrorism we said well
the root cause is the Islamic state
identity whatever form it takes
it's a theocracy jihadist want to die
for their Islamic state identity
I would only die for America for freedom
for liberty I want nothing to do with
theocracy no different than our founding
fathers did so come 2013 Isis comes to
fruition and people realize oh that's
why you're about the separation of
mosque and state now here at CPAC we
have a president who finally has taken
us beyond the eight years of nonsense of
trying to debate what we call it we
agree that it's related to Islamism it
is Islamism is the problem the precursor
of violent radical Islamism is the
nonviolent Islamist so that really fix
the problem the cancer if you will you
don't just cut it out cut out the tumors
of Isis and al Qaeda you have to treat
the the root cause which is political
Islam and go through a reformation no
different than the West did I mean
that's an enormous thing to say just go
through a reformation just that I mean
that that's about the biggest thing
possible some people used to phrase
Reformation another phrase that's used
for a period of Christian civilization
is enlightenment I think our friend
Raheel uses the phrase progressive I
think let me ask you this how many
Muslim people in traditionally Muslim
countries or in the West share your
vision I think you can look in Iran now
to see the revolutions I think you see
in Egypt
one year of the Brotherhood running
Egypt did more to mobilize the
anti-islamist to bring ten million to
the streets more than went to the
streets against Mubarak so while the
Islamists are a significant plurality of
30 if not 40% the majority I believe
reject Islamism and that's been shown
over and over again they're failing the
AKP is only in power in Turkey because
they're not beginning to use autocratic
means to stay in power which always
happens so ultimately while Reformation
is part of it that's not going to happen
in my lifetime the the writing of new
Sharia books that are commensurate with
modern society what will happen in our
lifetime is a john locke a james madison
a thomas jefferson of islam which
rejects the priests or the imams
controlling government and says you know
what we need to help build civil
societies that are not run by theocrats
but run by a principles of the universal
declaration of human rights our muslim
reform movement has a two-page
declaration that should become the
litmus test of which muslims are our
allies those that believe in those two
pages and which muslims are enemies or
should we should not be working with
those who reject any of the principles
in that document one of the reasons we
love Rahill razza and i know i'm singing
her praises here but she has helped me
think of these things clearly and i know
that your allies with her is that I look
around the American and by American I
mean the United States and North America
Canada the voices I see speaking for
Islam are typically the Islamist voices
either explicitly Islamist or Muslim
Brotherhood who are Islamist but they're
a little bit more politically savvy how
can we give voice to Muslims who want
the separation of mosque and state
patriotic Muslims I think that's a
phrase I first you heard you use how can
we boost the signal for folks with your
thinking instead of just hearing in the
public square from the other side as
well that's the most important question
really
we need a whole of society approach I
talked yesterday on the mainstage about
the need to form a commission on radical
Islam where we have all of government
from State Department DoD to the
legislature Congress to
the white house where we all of
government says it's not just terrorism
countering violent extremism means
nothing we need to focus the crosshairs
of every project homeland security
immigration foreign policy on countering
Islamism not not terrorism which is a
tactic but Islamism their end goal which
is the Islamic state so once you do that
you will marginalize the Islamists so
the reason they have the voice of most
organizations is they are the
establishment they're the ones who are
petro islam you know the the petra the
billions of petrol went to fund the
Islamist organizations the rest of us
either reject them or we've not had the
wherewithal the organization the
collectivism to come together and say
you know what we reject the Islam is we
are inherently anti collectivists and
that's why we've not been organizing and
I think the rest of the world all of you
need to begin to hold Muslims
accountable and not have this bigotry of
low expectations hold us accountable to
the same things you do to every other
faith community anti anti-semitism
should be rejected auntie you know
homophobia should be rejected all the
things that you see in mosques that are
just ignored by people like Prime
Minister Trudeau should be focused on
and not have this bigotry of low
expectations
well that was gonna be my last question
I know you're a busy man everyone wants
to say hello to your duty in Canada we
have a prime minister who has explicitly
not drawn a line between Islam that he
will visit and truck with and talk to
and Islam that's too far there's this
one video clip we've shown on our
channel a lot where he specifically
mentions a mosque in Montreal the Asuna
Wahhabi mosque which the Pentagon has
said has been a place where terrorists
were recruited the various expose show
they teach full extremism you know
violence should be the remedy for
adulterers or gays so Trudeau has
explicitly not rejected those mosques he
campaigns in those places and I'm not
even talking about his policies what
would you say about Trudeau he wants the
Muslim votes but
the what would you say to him about the
fact that he still trucks with
extremists I think it's you know at best
it's a it's a profound ignorance and at
worst it's an intentional almost bigoted
elevation of the worst elements of our
society of our community in that he can
go I mean there's a soundbite of him
going into a mosque where the women are
behind a curtain and he's saying to the
sisters upstairs he can't even see their
face and he says to the sisters upstairs
would he go into a synagogue or a church
and ask the same thing no he needs to
adhere I would ask him to adhere to his
same leftist values feminism gay rights
the things that he claims to marchin
while he's marching in a gay parade he's
wearing Islamic socks it just doesn't
make sense because the people he's
consorting with actually want the demise
of the Canadian culture the demise of
good Canadian contract of society so the
left needs to hold him accountable to
their values and if you look at our
Muslim reform movement and includes many
feminists like Raheel Ezra Nnamani
Shireen Kudo see and they're just
horrified but what they see on their own
sight I'm a conservative so I have less
influence on the left but I can tell you
on the right this is the message that
I'm giving here at CPAC well I really
appreciate you taking time out for us
and thanks for your comments about
Canada great to see you again suiting
time thanks for all you do
we're at CPAC it's a giant conservative
conference in Washington DC I got to say
I've seen some Canadians here though hey
if you want to see all our videos from
CPAC go to the rebel media's slash rebel
CPAC
you
