well it's Ezra Levant here just outside
Washington DC at the CPAC conference my
first time I tell ya it's a very
exciting feeling for a conservative
especially from a non conservative
country like Canada I feel like it's a
giant reunion of activists thinkers and
we're talking right now with herb London
of the London center who is a foreign
policy scholar nice to see ya
pleasure to be with you now you were on
a panel yesterday on national security
tell me a little bit about CPAC and and
why a fellow like you who is more on the
ideas side the strategy side would come
to this event what do you get out of it
I'll tell you what I get it up and I get
a lot of young people who are inspired
by conservative ideas from me it's very
important to think of the next
generation when you're gray around the
temples as I am obviously you start
thinking about well who are the
successors who are the young people are
going to carry the torch into the future
they're right here at this place it's
true I'm amazed by how many young people
college age people people starting out
you know interns juniors staff and
politics it's exciting
hey I want to talk a little bit about
the Lemon Center I mean you with a
Hudson issue before now you have the
your own think tank I want to talk about
an issue that I know is the front of
your mind and it's Egypt Barack Obama
his first major foreign policy speech
was in Cairo he made a great departure
from American foreign policy I think it
was a disaster can you tell us I mean we
haven't heard a lot about Egypt cuz I
don't think it's been friend of mine for
Donald Trump what's the latest on that I
just want to jump in cuz we got you
you're in Egypt expert well one of the
things that is certainly true of Donald
Trump is that he restored American
confidence in that part of the world I
was partly responsible for the Riyadh
speech that the president gave wrote
wrote a significant portion of that
speech and the speech was designed to
say to Egypt and Saudi Arabia we
understand that the plight you are
facing you are facing very significant
challenges from Iran and the desire for
this Shia Crescent from Tehran to the
Mediterranean is a threat to you we
understand that we're not going to put a
hundred thousand troops in the ground as
we did in the past however we can
provide logistics intelligence
military equipment that would serve you
very effectively again filling in the
gaps and after that speech I think is
absolutely necessary but there is no
doubt that direction taken is very
different from the past
now what was shocking to me and I think
a lot of lovers of Liberty and folks who
thought Liberty could take root in the
Middle East was how Barack Obama and
Hillary Clinton in particular made
friends with the Muslim Brotherhood I
mean with Mohammad Morsi the president
of Egypt briefly I thought it was
shocking did they do it with good
intentions did they do it as a rebuke to
the old order yeah help me understand
their thinking it was a disaster but
what were they trying to achieve I think
what they believed and this was part of
the Cairo speech where you may remember
Barack Obama reserved the first two rows
for the Muslim Brotherhood and what he
was saying in effect is that the Muslim
Brotherhood could be negotiated with we
think they're only a terrorist group
that's not true that was his view
however is very interesting I meant to a
meeting of the Council of Foreign
Relations Hillary Clinton was there with
four members of the Muslim Brotherhood
trying to point out these are terrific
young people and they came right out of
central casting the woman looked like a
young Hedy Lamarr the the three guys one
went to Oxford
one went to Cambridge one with a Harvard
they were all extraordinary so I asked
the question how do you feel about the
cops in your country the Coptic who the
Coptic Christian and they said all we
wanted everything in our power to
incorporate them into the Egyptian APOD
body politic of course none of that was
true and so this was the PR yeah I mean
Muslim brother is very good at deceiving
very they were great it was Huma Abedin
connected to them I know her family was
family was and she was on the board of a
group of that associated with the Muslim
Brotherhood and her mother of course was
the editor of the Muslim Brotherhood
newsletter that's terrifying to me I
think she was in many ways Hillary
Clinton's most senior adviser certainly
her most trusted personal confidant I
think America dodged a bullet there the
Middle East dodged a bullet
here's the thing Donald Trump poses that
with some justification he's a grand
deal maker the art of the deal he's been
doing it in business and he has had some
success in Congress with his tax cuts
is it possible to do a grand deal in the
Middle East or is that a false is that
like a mirage in the desert when you say
a grand deal at very dumb unit so that
someone ambiguous terminology I would
say if you're talking about a way in
which Saudi Arabia and Egypt and
obviously Bahrain and Jordan major Sunni
states can come together in some fashion
to create a defense condominium that
serves as a counterweight to the
ambitions of Iran that is the grand deal
and as Israel fit into that as an
unregistered member of that team look
see see already has a very very large
bull's-eye on his back you're referring
to the president of Egypt you don't
wanna make it any larger right so Israel
can be part of it but just on the down
low well keep in mind that one of the
reasons why you've seen very few
demonstrations in Middle East after the
change of the consulate than they of the
embassy is a large part because both
Egypt as well as Saudi Arabia want to
make sure that they maintain close ties
to Israel isn't that it's a very good
point
you would think that there would be
endless riots there there were more
riots after the Danish cartoons of
Muhammad than there were about moving
the embassy is that into an excellent
point you know carry secretary Kerry
made the point they're going to be
terrible disruptions in the Middle East
we're not I can't even world war for
unbeli the way it's been so nothing
we've we've even forgotten about it's
the dog that didn't bark in fact there
was I was watching a TV program where
they had so-called demonstrations in
Lebanon there was one guy who burned a
tire one guy well I tell you that's a
demonstration I can live with that
listen herb it's great to catch up with
you in person with you as well I keep on
Friday I'm so glad that your ideas are
finding their way into this
administration and I think the whole
world is safer for it nice to see you
today all right kind of you thank you
cheers nice to nice to be with you
that's her London were here at CPAC
we'll have more interviews in the days
ahead we're at CPAC it's a giant
conservative conference in Washington DC
I got to say I've seen some Canadians
here though hey if you want to see all
our videos from CPAC go to the rebel
media's slash
rebel CPAC
you
