pro-palestinian students at a
Massachusetts University keep trying to
force the university to divest from
companies supporting Israel and they
keep failing this latest attempt also
targeted US Immigration and Customs
Enforcement
what kind of wacky language did it
include let's take a look
Northeastern University student
government voted 47 to 7 against holding
a referendum to boycott hewlett-packard
it's the third time in nearly as many
years that such a petition has failed
but why would they have such a
referendum
well the school student for justice in
Palestine chapter says HP provides
technology that plays a central role in
the Israeli occupation of Palestine
which is illegal according to the UN as
well as the mass deportation of
immigrants from the US by ice first of
all the UN declaring something illegal
is like me telling you you can only
browse YouTube for campus and mast
videos we both really love to do that
but neither of us have the legal
authority to do so and the mass
deportation of immigrants well what
would the left be without a bit of line
by omission
it used to be illegal immigrants then it
was undocumented now I guess the
criminals are just like any ordinary
immigrants anyway let's see the students
reasoning behind presumably going on a
campus-wide
HP jihad and wrenching every computer
with those letters out of its socket
they want to start a conversation about
Northeastern's financial ties to the
oppression of immigrants in the US and
of Palestinians in Palestine and Israel
ah oppression
yes let's use more subjective language
you can justify anything and everything
with a handy-dandy victim narrative did
you see that Syrian refugee kid who
drowned better open up your borders to
everyone especially all of the fighting
age economic migrants look how cute and
innocent Wilbur is from Charlotte's Web
wouldn't you feel less pity and more
self-righteous if you lived out the rest
of your days as a vegan a pro-israel
group at Northeastern said HP employs
Palestinians and is helping to grow the
IT industry in the West Bank this is
just one example of how this referendum
would harm both Israelis and
Palestinians and they're not wrong
just look at the impact of the boycott
divest section movement on SodaStream
pressure from anti-israel agitators
actually cost 500 Palestinians their
jobs at the beverage company but I am
sure those unemployed Palestinians are
okay with divestment as long as you tell
them it's for the greater good as for HP
campus unmasked reached out to the
company for comment but received none in
time for press and that's alright their
time is probably better spent making
equipment to help deport those pesky
illegals for campus unmasked I'm Rob
shamrock if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
