hey guys it's John Cardella with the
rebel I'm here with Kyle Olson publisher
of the American Mirror if you don't know
the American Mirror you should I don't
think a day goes by now you don't have
two or three links up right at the
center of Drudge it's going very well
and we what we do is we look at news in
a different way and we talk about
liberals and we talk about you know just
the craziness that's going on in
politics today well you know in that
vein because Kyle is one of the guys I
love to talk to about things like this I
read the other day and I blew my mind
that if Dianne Feinstein is reelected
she'll be 91 years old when her term is
up it's stunning to me that here is the
party of youth the party of new ideas
and you have Nancy Pelosi who's 77 you
have Maxine Waters who's 79 you have
Feinstein you have all of these people
Bernie Sanders Hillary Clinton these
this is not new vision for America these
are old people and I think it's
important to to think about that oh yeah
and all people who are all very wealthy
Nancy Pelosi has got a 9 figure net
worth I think Feinstein an eight-figure
Maxine Waters and her husband somewhere
between 7 & 8 figures
Bernie Sanders the crazy ol communist is
approaching a couple of million I mean
these are wealthy these are the 1% of
the 1% and so when they talk about the
1% and they talk about income
redistribution all this people realize
this is nonsense because look at you
living in your fancy house your multiple
houses all of that Nancy Pelosi just the
other day was was heckled over how much
she is worth and so people are catching
on and it's not just conservatives it's
liberals who are catching on and they're
eating their own well Nancy Pelosi's net
worth came in just shy a 200 million
dollars then it's stunning
it is stunning people thought of my no
idea people have no idea well I think
the average American though is is
wondering they're saying look we
understand wealth we understand people
made money before they get into Congress
but you're making 174 grand a year you
don't need it let somebody else have a
whack of a job and it's so and we need
to drain the swamp because there is this
culture of corruption that is in
Washington DC and how does someone like
Nancy Pelosi or Maxine Waters how do
they accumulate all of that wealth on
that sort of salary well that's it I
love when when the left uses the
anti-gun argument you don't need an
ar-15 well you're worth 200 million you
don't need your congressional salary but
they don't you know what's good for me
is not for they that's right it's and
that's the attitude is they know best
and so the average person is saying no
you don't I know what's best for myself
and I want to make those decisions
myself that's a great point I think
that's a big reason Trump was elected
the personal response wasn't really a
campaign theme it wasn't Mogga or
America first to build a wall but
personal responsibility was really an
undertone wasn't it that and just a
disgust with the political system
because they see people like Nancy
Pelosi and Maxine Waters
out there saying one thing but living in
a different way Maxine Waters doesn't
live in her own congressional district
and so people are fed up with that and
that's a big reason why Donald Trump was
elected in Maxine Waters home is valued
at four million dollars last estimate I
mean most Americans even CEOs don't live
in four million-dollar homes it's
stunning and so I encourage people
follow the money how how are these
politicians getting away with this how
are they getting all of this money all
of this wealth and people should look
into it you know doesn't concern me when
someone was successful in business
before they came in office
what does concern me Kyle is when we see
a financial disclosure their first 120
years back where they and their husband
they and their wife disclosed half a
million in net worth and now 20 years
later it's 67 million and the husband's
an insurance guy and they're an elected
representative that's problematic we
have to start asking questions about
what do they know that we don't
absolutely and not only that but when
they leave office they stay in DC and
they become a lobbyist and they just
continue in the swamp and so those are
the sorts of things that people need to
question they are questioning and that's
why people are disgusted with the system
I remember our beans Oxley past and I
believe was Oxley who left Congress he
made something like 11 million dollars
his first year out fighting
sarbanes-oxley there should be a
moratorium on that there should be a ban
on lobbying against or for any
legislation you created I think a lot of
people are for that because at some
point the system has got to change
otherwise frankly it doesn't matter if
Republicans or Democrats are in charge
you're gonna have the same people do
making the same decisions
and it's something has got to change yes
something really has to give Kyle Olson
publisher of the American mirror and a
good buddy of mine thanks for being here
Kyle great to see you for all of your
CPAC 2018 coverage stay tuned to the
rebel and don't forget to subscribe to
our premium service at www.mediaed.org
out the rebel app
you
