joining me now is none other than dr.
Sebastian work up one of the new rebels
how are you sir
greetings I like that new rebels every
year at CPAC when I do this I feel like
don't ask me about American football
okay don't go there
good event this year vice president Penn
spoke today President Trump be here
tomorrow and obviously the big issue in
the room is gun control host the
Parkland shooting we're seeing a lot of
hysterics down in Florida but our state
legislature I was very encouraged
they held the line on the second
amendment yes what do you think if
anything legislatively we're gonna see
at the federal level I think the
president's tweet today nailed it this
is a mental health issue so number one
who uses guns in a bad way number one we
have criminals bank robbers muggers not
no legislation is gonna stop somebody
who's gonna use a gun illegally
intentionally then we have terrorists
like jihadis like the San Bernardino
shooters no legislation I'm sorry it's
just a fact is gonna stop a jihadi and
then who's who's left
well it's it's the events we've seen
with right Aurora Colorado whether it's
the CLE bald at the high school or
whether it's the recent killing killings
in Florida you can't legislate against
mental illness right you can't buy just
like morality and create legislate bad
baby look I said this this guy in
Florida Nicholas Cruz he broke state
laws when he entered the school with a
gun
he broke state laws and he discharged
the gun he broke 17 counts of the murder
statute in Florida no law was stopping
this right but let's let's go back to
the real issue nobody wants to talk
about in the 1970s the left had a full
frontal assault on the mental health
system in America there was the evenness
to Precor Supreme Court ruling that led
to what you see in downtown San
Francisco and man yesterday yes we you
cannot literally it is almost impossible
to adjudicate somebody's mentally
incompetent and you're right impossible
that's right impossible and even
you get to a point where you can holding
them in an institution for their own
safety as well as the safety of others
more for more than 72 hours is literally
as a former patrol cop
it is impossible right and oftentimes
the psychiatrist would let him know in
12 hours and unless they committed a
crime except it didn't matter we could
have been called to that home 50 times
right if we got a liberal psychologist
and they said they're okay or
psychiatrist they're out on the street
in 12 hours how does that make sense it
not to me how does that make sense not
to any cop so when the president says we
have to integrate the the issue of
mental health background checks into the
system who can be against that no I
don't think anyone is against that I
certainly am NOT I think the primary
point of concern for conservatives is
they want built-in due process yes for
somebody placed on one of these right we
don't want has happened previously the
suggestion that if you're a veteran who
needs help and they're filling out their
tax forms that suddenly you can't manage
your finances therefore you're mentally
incompetent and therefore you will be
held from a practicing your second
Amendment right absolutely
it has to be true danger to themselves
and others with due process totally
agree yeah and you know you bring up a
really interesting point personal aside
sir I've got a friend who served
honorably combat journalist in the Navy
then he was deployed with the Marines
some of the worst fighting in
Afghanistan voluntarily submitted
himself for PTSD and voluntarily gave
his firearms to a couple of other
friends whoa
a far-left overzealous US Attorney tried
to prosecute him because they said he
had constructive possession of his guns
even though said he was undergoing PTSD
treatment in Montana and the guns were
with his cousin in Colorado unbelievable
agent stepped in on behalf of my friend
they helped him out but till this day he
has had to spend tens of thousands of
dollars
I'm sure and though he was adjudicated
mentally fit by the VA by private
psychologist he still doesn't have his
firearms because as we sit here there's
no legislative or judicial path to
rights restoration for veterans right
now this is a massive issue the due
process issue is huge
and you mentioned you know you connected
this to civil rights and some people
react weirdly to this but this is a
civil rights issue people look at well
what look at the models let's use the
Australian model let's use two British
moral anglo-saxon models of gun
ownership and I say hang on there's only
one country in the world that has a
Second Amendment
their civil right for what purpose not
hunting not to stop the mugger one
purpose and one purpose alone you the
American citizen are the last line of
defense against a tyrannical regime is
no model we're going to copy cos guess
what we were born in revolution against
tyranny and there's a reason that it's
number two after freedom of speech on
that's right and people forget the
fundamental being of the US Constitution
it exists to say the government you
can't do this right you can't not not to
us you can do this right a government
right stop this is it's like the issue
of gridlock people I live in the swamp
people known about gridlock you can't
get in so guess what
the founding fathers wanted gridlock yes
it's called checks and balances that's
right oh what a new King George riding
roughshod over the Supreme Court over
the legislature you know this we were
built upon the only nation in history
built upon the concept of individual
liberty and freedom let's remember it we
had that for the last eight years called
King Obama by the way New York City won
a dubious distinction today I saw it
when I was flying up here New York under
Bill DeBlasio is now the dirtiest city
in America look my wife lived in Chelsea
she was there I mean look how can you
deny what what what what the good man
did met Giuliani I was in the police
department under him it was a stress
situation yes a dangerous city and with
that no broken window policy he turned
it around and it's as if we forgotten
how can we forget while jumping the
turnstile on the Metro is where you
begin the broken window I'll show begin
broken windows closing their undoing it
and it's it's it's really sad for guys
like me that worked me under David
Dinkins and we saw I say as I told you
that soft line we saw a change in two
weeks not two months not two years can I
just pull up to the please of 50,000
feet interesting you say that the
parallel to our military I was in the
White House it was the second month of
the the administration we had a group of
future Green Berets coming to the
building I was asked to brief them a
Tier one operator on detail briefed them
as well after his briefing I didn't know
him but he recognized me came up to me
and he said I need to tell you doctor
Gorka you have no idea how the morale of
our troops has skyrocketed why because
we have leadership that we understand
has our back whether it's a commissioner
whether it's a man or whether it's a
commercial
it matters John it doesn't matter it
does matter it matters more than anyone
knows I have people in federal agencies
tell me that I just hope we continue on
until 2024 oh look I really I'll tell
you one thing a woman working for the
president he's never gonna give up you
know yeah I was asked about impeachment
on the stage there I said Democrats
bring it cuz you have no idea yeah you
have no idea who you're dealing with
I mean he's just gonna run around you on
Twitter he will make you a laughingstock
and the American people will offer you
we're gonna have seven more years the
president from eight more eight years
after that of president Pence last
question how long do you think molars
investigation goes I've spoken to the
president since I left the White House
he has demonstrated to me an incredibly
hands-off approach he tweets about stuff
but right not get involved correct in
law enforcement which is great my my
desire is that the whole thing collapses
by itself right me she should not
interfere they should say this is all
we've got and it's got nothing to do
with Russia wire fraud with that Ukraine
ten years ago by a gun collapse under it
let the taxpayers
complain now and say why are we wasting
money on millions who we spent thousands
and thousands of man-hours you know it
right you know and this indictment I
read it everybody should read it read it
read it it's a joke it's ridiculous this
one what was it Pennsylvania where the
Russians spent was it $30 or $80 they
spent 40 I said on my show the other day
they spent forty six thousand dollars
Trump and Clinton campaign spent 81
million they the Russians were
whispering into a hurricane and a
tornado plan it was it's ridiculous
since and spent 12 million or one dodgy
da say yeah by the way the Trump rally
in Florida in South Florida saw 15,000
people the Russian rally saw that's
always 7:00 absolute pleasure dr.
Sebastian Gorka let are doing rebel
alright great to be able to team for all
of your CPAC 2018 coverage stay tuned of
the rebel and don't forget to subscribe
to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org
check out the rebel app
you
