is Hollywood in general anti-american
it's always telling to see what stories
they choose to focus on but nothing
nothing is more telling than what they
consciously choose to omit to make a
movie about a historical event and
consciously choose to omit and ignore
the most iconic snapshot of that moment
like hypothetically a movie made about
Ujima and purposely skipping the moment
where the flag was raised on that
hilltop or a movie about the World Trade
Center terrorist attacks and decide to
you know just skip the moment of the
firefighters raising the flag but these
moments pale in comparison to arguably
the most iconic snapshot ever the first
man ever on the moon standing next to
the American flag he planted yeah that
would never happen in a movie right well
it did and after backlash now they
released a new trailer for the movie
first man with flags everywhere that'll
fix it right I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood
the controversy surrounding the new
movie first man has been talked about a
bit but now the studio is starting to
roll it back a bit apparently there are
moments in the movie where you do see
the flag on the moon but certainly not
kneel planting the flag or this iconic
moment but this cinematic choice was
absolutely no action the writer openly
defended not having that moment and
spoke on behalf of an American hero
saying that Neil Armstrong would have
been disappointed by the controversy one
of the reasons the director chose not to
have this scene he said quote this
movies about one of the most
extraordinary accomplishments not only
in American history but in human history
well thanks I guess we didn't know that
in that moment totally would have ruined
it wouldn't it some of Armstrong's
grandkids were promoting the movie and
said quote the filmmakers chose to focus
on Neil looking back at the earth and
his walk to the Little West craters yeah
you know in that two-and-a-half hour
runtime there's plenty of time to have
Neil walk to a divot on the moon and sit
there but not time for him to plant the
American flag one of most iconic moments
in all of human history what was this
all intentional well Ryan Gosling did go
on to say quote I think this was widely
regarded in the end as a human
achievement and that's how he chose to
view it Gosling later said I also think
Neil was extremely humble as were many
of these astronauts I haven't time again
he deferred the focus from himself to
the 400,000 people who made this mission
possible right so I forgot was that
Neil's flag or was that the American
flag that represents all this 400,000
people that is exactly the point
that's literally what this flag this
moment would represent you know the
country that was founded not on race or
class but rather a creed of freedom of
life liberty and the pursuit of
happiness that everyone can be a part of
and sidenote little history lesson do
you know why these men died and
countries were literally in a race to
the moon because there was oil there now
I'm just kidding there's no financial
gain in this it was because it was a war
the Cold War a war of ideologies of
submission and control and the Soviet
Union and the freedom promised by
America and the Western world and each
accomplishment each victory was a stack
in the argument for what the future of
the world would be and the ideology of
freedom was losing the Soviets had the
most powerful weapon in the world
they sent the first satellite into space
and the first man into space and the
world began to believe that subjugation
and authoritarianism may be the better
way to go for Humanity a victory needed
to be won and that is when JFK made this
famous speech JFK said
for the eyes of the world now look into
space to the moon and the planets beyond
and we have vowed that we shall not see
it governed by a hostile flag of
conquest but by a banner of freedom and
peace yet the vows this nation can only
be fulfilled if we in this nation are
first and therefore we intend to be
first this was the only reason Neel
stepped on that moon this was not a
human experience together there was no
technology shared between the Chinese
the Russians and the United States this
was a race for the hearts of the world
to see which ideology would release the
greatest potential for the human race
and thank God it was an ideology of
freedom and thank God a flag of peace
made its mark on that rock for the world
to see so go pound sand if you don't
think that moment is important to
capture for the world to see but
thankfully I was not the only one upset
by this purposeful omission and the
studio released a third trailer for the
first man movie you know because the
first trailer only had a shadowy
American flag in the distance at a
graveside this one there's flags and
emblems everywhere you know to show the
audience we're not anti-american we just
purposely choose to omit that one
specific moment well I guess what's it
the way and see how the viewers react
when the movie is released and but
personally I hope because this movie
looks so good and it's such an
incredible story and moment I hope they
actually did shoot the scene just in
case and purposely chose to keep it out
and then now they're gonna add it back
in that would be awesome to me I've been
Davies this is pure Holly and another
fantastic news you can now download the
rebel up and take me with you wherever
you go to get exclusive content and the
entire rebel lineup
