well as Elton John once saying sorry
seems to be the hardest word and that
certainly seems to be the case when it
comes to politicians who seem incapable
of apologizing when they're wrong and so
it is folks that members of Toronto's
Chinese community have come all the way
here to Parliament Hill in Ottawa to get
the Prime Minister to apologize in his
role in he jab hoax as you may recall
that was when an 11 year old girl in
Toronto said that her hijab was shredded
by an Asian man wielding scissors it was
all a big fat lie and they're here today
to ask for three things number one they
want the Prime Minister to apologise for
what they say were racial and prejudice
filled comments secondly they want the
authorities to reopen the investigation
into the hijab hoax to find out what
really happened and thirdly they want
all ethnic groups treated with equal
respect and it's worth noting that some
military veterans are at the protest -
they're here because Trudeau said some
injured exit soldiers are asking for
more than the federal government can
afford to pay it doesn't get any more
shameful than that
as you can see folks this is the anti
fell protest a lot of people here are
carrying signs that say solidarity
against hate and just curious who the
hateful ones are maybe we can find out
hey guys what brings you out to this
protest we noticed some signs that says
solidarity against hate hatred to whom
so the Chinese community are upset about
a hijab hoax and that's hatred the war
veterans are worried about their
benefits being clawed back that's hatred
see they can't enunciate their points
folks they just can't communicate
we tried sir who are you sir sir why
don't you remove your burka and show
your you gotta get violent now under me
yeah well you know sir I'd like to see
your hair but you're covered in some
kind of a mask or niqab I so I can't see
it though I'm sure you have lovely hair
too so anyways folks this is this is the
anti-fog response when you ask them when
you ask them what they're protesting
your mouth who's touching who how about
yourself sir what brings you here they
cover the microphone they cover the
camera this is this is what passes for
free speech in Canada they can't even
communicate what their signs mean when
it says solidarity against hate hatred
towards whom irrelevant you're speaking
about yourself when you're saying you
weren't relevant that's it that's a
terrible compound by the way what is
your profession what do you do is your
day job yeah I'm a human rights lawyer
Oh a human rights lawyer who are who
your clients part I mean your client
everybody yeah so you have a sign here
sir solidarity against hate what does
that mean this is against hate so we're
against fascists we're against
racism were you know you want to speak
on camera right so the only way the only
way to the only way to counter it is to
is to have a conversation with the made
your own colleagues won't even yeah you
know he can he's entitled to do that too
he's a nice guy I like him he's kind of
he's kind of disrespecting I don't want
to have a conversation you want you want
to have a conversation with me and I
respect that but he isn't respect that's
you know I mean he can do that though
that's all right
well I guess we'll get some audio so the
hatred is by the members of the Chinese
Canadian community and the war veterans
that are having their benefits clawed
back no that's not the hatred we're
talking about we're talking about anti
we're talking about Islamophobia we're
talking about homophobia
it's his llama it says llama phobic to
call out a hoaxer I don't even know what
should it's not even a that's such a
non-issue like why would you why sure
that that's the crux of the matter
they're here because a member of the
Chinese community was accused of
slashing and eleven-year-olds he ji with
scissors which was a lie how many times
have you been accused of something
falsely probably plenty of times right
the police and the family admit it was a
lie
it's not a false accusation sir okay but
who cares like that's that's the point
okay who cares that's the point you're a
lawyer and that's your best argument sir
is that a question or okay well that's
my answer
well another chant folks when Muslim
lives are under attack what do we do we
fight back
funny thing is behind these masks it
seems a predominantly white crowd it
doesn't seem like there's a lot of
Muslims here so I really don't know what
the causes they're fighting and who
they're fighting it for
as you can see folks there's several
hundred people here they've come from as
far away as Toronto and Montreal to
protest the hijab hoax
once again deja vu given our the
protests that happened at Queen's Park
don't see any other members of the media
it is the family Day long weekend though
so maybe they've shipped out of town
trains Koenig is from coast to coast I'm
catering here oh hi man he'll bang out
for myself
I'm speak up the truth fellow Canadians
you are all welcome to join us and thank
you for being here well I'm with Vivian
one of the organizers of the hijab hopes
protest and Vivian earlier we were over
on the other side of the hill trying to
talk to members of an Tifa and they were
chanting chants about this group saying
that you're racist that you're
Islamophobic anti-muslim how do you
respond to that I think our demands
demands we see them very clearly on the
open letter doesn't you don't I'm just
trying to understand that as you
eloquently said members of the Chinese
community were slandered by this hijab
hoax
so is it hateful to call out somebody
who's telling a lie if they happen to be
Muslim is that the Canada we live in now
no we're not really calling on the 11
years old girl
we're just condemned Justin Trudeau
four-phase irresponsibly
you know racial prejudice of your
comments and it's also kind of funny I
mean there's so many people here that
are Asian and the vast majority of
antiva are white people at least 98
percent and they're the ones calling you
the races again it does not compute yeah
I know I guess you know
the situation becomes like this all the
lefties work other people resistant who
doesn't have all the rights to call
other people racism
you can't matter it's true or not afraid
you're right anyways thank you and good
luck with your protest I'm just reading
your your flag here Trudeau anti first
stop ray shaming Canadians we were just
trying to speak to Antipa earlier
because they're calling this group
racist
Islamophobic anti-muslim etc etc I'm
just trying to connect the dots here why
why they're saying these things about a
group that was unfairly maligned in a
hoax
can you explain what anti fuss all about
seriously it's difficult to logic with
some people and I see that I was
speaking with them also and luckily
nothing happened so I'm with one of the
organizers Monica and Monica he jabbed
hoaxes protests it's all about getting
an apology from the prime minister and
it was kind of funny while you were
having a rally across the hill here anti
foul was making chance at you people are
hateful you people are racist how do you
what's your response to that actually I
think V are evicting of the races we are
not racist
we are just Canadian for Asian Canadian
we are good people we are proud of our
yellow skin our black eyes and our black
hair when I know our image was damaged
we were very upset
so we are here to support the free
speech of the community Chinese
community and Stephane we were earlier
we were down trying to speak to an Tifa
it's it's almost impossible getting an
answer a simple question but they were
doing chants calling this group hateful
Islamophobic anti-muslim and yet i'm
trying to connect the dots I don't I
don't understand how they can say that
victims of a community of a hoax are
hateful it's easy if you try to defend
this the speech Liberty you are wrasses
your Islamophobe you try to defend your
country nor islamaphobe and your country
your trip you make some critic against
Islam you are Islam Allah you know that
do not make me islamaphobe because we
will like to protect or identity you
know or
do you think at least in the Asian
community that this is going to cost the
Justin Trudeau liberals votes in the
next election
yes these definitely impact because
Chinese we only have 10% votes actually
Chinese a developing community we have
one point eight million people in Canada
we only have 20,000 people who vote why
is that why is the voting turnout so low
in the Chinese community because we come
here to Canada we love this country we
believe these are home so we think
everything is beautiful and peaceful
from now on I realize that all the
Chinese people that we have to wake up
we have to know we have to learn we have
to go and we will vote then before we
have more percentage people to vote and
we can take the benefit and take
necessary stuff for our Chinese people
for Chinese community all the parties
they should respect maybe Trudeau has
awoken a sleeping dragon if you will God
knows God knows because I think this is
really definite impact for his election
next year
so in the aftermath of the Parliament
Hill he jab hoax protests what did we
learn today
well for starters an T file which is
comprised by about 98% Caucasian people
think that Asian people are racist
somehow for calling out the hoaxer and
wanting an apology and speaking of
apologies it doesn't look like there
will be no apology forthcoming from this
prime minister to the members of the
Asian community and it looks like there
will still be no additional funds coming
to those wounded veterans and how odd
folks when it comes to say a convicted
terrorist like an Omar Khadr well the
Prime Minister is very apologetic to him
and he has millions and millions of
dollars to give to that person but
there's nothing in his heart or in the
Treasury for that matter when it comes
to making amends to those Canadians who
love Canada and who have actually put
their lives on the line defending it for
the rebel media I'm David the men's
Lloyd Menzies
you
