here on the rebel we often look at the
consequences of Islamic radicalism but
today I want to focus on a potential
cause and I'm talking about things like
this fifth-grade Palestinian Authority
textbook that instructs kids to tell a
story of a martyr from their hometown
who rose in defense of his religion and
his homeland Palestine pretty wack let's
check it out
well that Palestinian Authority text I
just showed you does more than just ask
students to write about hometown martyrs
it also provides them with some examples
the book shows fifth graders Fatah
terrorists along Mugabe who helped kill
38 individuals a third of whom were
children on a bus the publisher covers
her with a hijab and says her struggle
portrays challenge and heroism
making her memory immortal in our hearts
and minds
she irrigated the land of Palestine with
her pure blood to create a flourishing
revolutionary history that will never
calm down yeah I'm not sure I'd want my
10 year-olds reading about how anyone
has irrigated land with pure blood
especially terrorists the book also
insists the enemies of Islam never stop
at any time in place to use all means
and methods to fight Islam and the
Muslims hmm
fight Islam and the Muslims is a very
curious phrase I mean you could have
used to fend against or get blown up by
Islamists or a number of other
expressions but instead you pick
something that makes Israel seem like
the aggressor and don't worry you can
get your dosage of Palestinian agitprop
in other grades as well 12th grade
textbooks apparently call the whole
group of Jews
sinful and liars and refer to parts of
Israel as part of that mythical nation
Palestine Najaf plateau is apparently in
southern Palestine and Nazareth is in
the Palestinian north one map labels
Israel Palestine after the 1948 war and
then breaks the territory down into Arab
lands and lands seized by the Jews after
the war
one ninth grade social studies textbook
argues that the solution to the problem
of overcrowding in the Gaza Strip lies
primarily in the return of the displaced
population to their homes in Israel I
don't know about you but the historians
I typically read in school would
typically just give me the facts and
then let me use those to make my own
arguments and draw my own conclusions
but then again I didn't have the luxury
of going to a Palestinian school for
campus unmasked I'm Rob simcha if you
like this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
