we're sorry India please don't think all
Canadians are like Justin Trudeau and
his family and friends were not we're
making this video to apologize to you
for his behavior
and I'm asking Canadians to sign our
letter at we're sorry
India calm to let you know that
Trudeau's misconduct does not reflect
our feelings about you
for example thousands of Canadians visit
the beautiful Taj Mahal every year but
none of us demand that 35 thousand
pilgrims be forced to wait outside in
the heat for 60 minutes while we take
our photos there just to have a better
picture like Trudeau and his family did
we're sorry India please don't think
that's how most Canadians are we
actually try to be polite we're
interested in Indian culture and food
and music and people and we have many
great Indians in Canada as I'm sure you
know but not all Canadians put on bindis
and wear Indian clothing when we go to
an Indian restaurant and say namaste
namaste namaste all the time when most
Canadians meet Indian people we can stay
calm we don't have to pretend we're at a
costume party or that Indians are a
curiosity in a museum I mean it's pretty
embarrassing when Trudeau met a
Bollywood star but he was the only one
wearing an over-the-top costume but most
of all please do not think that
Canadians support terrorism like you we
were shocked to learn that Justin
Trudeau invited a convicted terrorist a
man who was found guilty of attempted
murder against an Indian cabinet
minister we were shocked to read that
that man was invited to attend a dinner
with Justin Trudeau and his entourage on
this India trip there's the terrorist
Jaz paul at wall with Sophie Trudeau in
Mumbai the Trudeau's have known Atwal
for a long time there's another picture
with Trudeau meeting without wall back
in Canada for Trudeau to work with a
convicted terrorist is inexcusable and
we have no excuses other than to say
that's not who Canadians are we're
peacekeepers not terrorist supporters we
don't support breaking up your country
either we are sorry India with
of India we're both Commonwealth
countries that have achieved great
things since our independence were both
democracies we could do a lot more
business with each other we'd love to
sell you our oil so you don't have to
buy it from OPEC dictatorships we'd love
to sell you more food - unfortunately
Justin Trudeau didn't invite our Energy
Minister or our Agriculture Minister on
his junket I guess there wasn't room for
both them and jaspe Atwal were sorry
India please don't think we're all like
Justin Trudeau our last Prime Minister
Stephen Harper deeply respected India
and became good friends with Prime
Minister's Modi and Singh and please
don't think that indo-canadians support
terrorism a very tiny minority might but
not most Canadians so we're sorry India
we've set up a public letter at we're
sorry India calm we're asking everyone
to sign it let's see how many thousands
of names we can get on it and we'll send
it to the Indian High Commission in
Ottawa to let them know that Justin
Trudeau's behavior doesn't truly reflect
how Canadians feel please sign the
petition now at we're sorry
India calm go - we're sorry India calm -
sign our petition letting India know
Justin Trudeau's misconduct bothers us
too
you
