in the last month in Australia
particularly in the second biggest city
in Melbourne they've been having real
problems around African gangs now has
been a few hundred of these used and the
crimes are varied from riots assaulting
police and multiple robberies there's
been front-page news for a lot of
general though it has settled down to an
extent now and brings around those
questions around refugees immigrants and
crime now recent European studies have
shown the groups around asylum seekers
that are the most likely to commit
crimes notably sexual assault are asylum
seekers who've just had their claims
rejected so that's the most likely group
and I guess you can see why now I work
in aro Sydney where there are many
people from Africa in Australia like
Adam canada√≠s is very multicultural but
even even here the sort of glistening
black skin the sort of towering height
of Sudanese and surmount Somalians is
really quite exotic well I think the
youth crime problem among Africans is
kind of the latest installment of young
people particularly teenagers and
adolescents from ethnic backgrounds
struggling to find their place now
particularly those from refugee or
unskilled margaret groups now
correctional services in australia have
long held special booklets for pacific
islanders because they're over
representative crime
there's also you euphemistically named
middle eastern Crime Squad in Sydney
dealing almost exclusively with Lebanese
groups now like other children of Arab
and Pacific Islander heritage the
Sudanese teenagers come from traditional
cultures who once lived in sort of
tight-knit clans bound by religion and
tradition but this rapidly disintegrates
within a generation of living in
Australia Sudanese families are often
led by single parents and they'll have
seven or eight children parents often
don't even know their kids are in
custody the refugee experienced from
African countries can be especially
traumatic the part of the EU's problems
are a generational split but they feel
like their parents don't really
understand what it's like growing up in
such a different environment such as
Australia they're also from a culture
that doesn't place a big emphasis on
setting strong boundaries for boys
girls were often closely controlled now
these attitudes among some Africans are
quite similar to many Arab families that
I see the way in the middle-class West
we have a quite a different parental
attitude and some others called
helicopter parenting we give them
autonomy
but sometimes we can wrap them in a
degree of cotton ball you know limiting
their resilience but many cultures
around the world where the kids boys in
particular allowed to roam free until
they're much older and that's where the
conformity comes around say work or who
they can marry but it doesn't always
work that that's that parenting idea or
strategy if you like isn't always able
to be applied in when they move to the
urban West now recent reports discovered
some African parents are sending their
children to boarding schools in place
like you abandoned Uganda to try and
instill some discipline into their males
now youth gangs our way of expressing a
kind of emerging cultural identity away
from the constrictions of sometimes
quite stifling communities and it's
adolescence it's teenagers who really
want belonging and just as there is a
sort of jihadi street feel that some
some people who went to say Syria having
their videos some of this this gangster
rap culture is also very attractive to
many of the Africans whose expresses an
oppositional non-white way of expressing
themselves but you can't blame rap music
I mean rap culture is very attractive to
lots of I guess non-white young people
who don't necessarily feel part of the
white mainstream but this a way of still
kind of expressing rebellion which is so
typical of their life stage now strains
are lucky that South Sudan is the region
that is a majority Christian population
it's possible if they were of Muslim
descent they could have channeled their
antisocial behavior with some terrorist
leanings now the reality is in Australia
we have had some recent terror related
incidents involving Africans including a
Somalia for mr. Ali in Melbourne and
there a woman in Adelaide who was a
nursing student and was accused of
pledging allegiance to Islamic state
like other Muslims growing up in the
West part of their problem is
trying to form identity when they're
caught between two cultures now
obviously no question Islam can be a
factor but this difficulties in identity
formation is also a critical part
especially when you link the identity
politics of the West where there's less
of a coherent national identity
now it's unhelpful to overstate any
African problem but the realities many
of them are thriving especially in music
and sport it's oh yeah you know it's we
shouldn't understate it but the problems
around antisocial youths are real and as
well as having strong law and order one
of the key solutions I think is smaller
families and strict boundaries with boys
I'm Tanvi Roman if you liked that video
subscribe to rebel
you
