thank God we have Robert Muller
protecting us from international
criminals right yeah not really
Robert Muller's latest groundbreaking
indictment had nothing to do with Trump
nothing to do with Russia nothing to do
with Trump Russia collusion nothing to
do with the Trump campaign nothing to do
with anything surrounding politics or
elections in the United States at all so
what in the world is Muller doing well
Muller just indicted a guy named Alex
vanderzwaan
who was an attorney he was was an
attorney at the time with Skadden Arps a
very high-end law firm and they were
doing some work with Ukrainian Ministry
of Justice who was a trying they had on
trial Ukrainian politician named Yulia
Tymoshenko Skadden Arps appears from
what we're reading was was tasked with
preparing some trial or pretrial reports
also represented by vanderzwaan was Rick
gates all mana forts partner and
presumably Paul Manafort no big deal
Skadden Arps is a large international
high-end law firm they have clients all
over the world thousands and thousands
of clients not unusual that people doing
business in the Ukraine that business
that that involved millions upon
millions of dollars would hire a firm
with the resources of Skadden Arps so
nothing unusual here whatsoever Muller
however likes to find a crime in a dish
of ice cream so he goes and he
interviews this guy and I'm reading the
charging document in in front of me now
understand this is all about twisting
arms because no American no American no
one has ever worked in the criminal
justice system no one who understands
what's going on here with his bogus
mother investigation wants American
taxpayer money wasted on the indictment
of a Dutch national who lives in London
now the other reason they're going after
this guy is that his father-in-law is a
very wealthy Russian oligarch who's very
close to Vladimir Putin but that's not
even an element of the indictment that
those people the father-in-law Putin
Russians aren't even referred to here
this is solely about twisting arms on
the mana for it and and gates matter and
want man afford to take a plea because
we spoke about this a couple of shows
ago how mana forts got their money to
fight them and Muller's cases are are
hanging on by a thread because of the
allegations that he is not disclosing
exculpatory evidence of the fence and
that being supported by a change in
judge to judge Emmett Sullivan who's
known for being a guy who calls the DOJ
to task for doing exactly that or
withholding exculpatory evidence but
things aren't looking very good for
Muller despite the cover being given to
him by the mainstream media but let's
read the charging document here in the
charging document
they say things like his last
communication with Richard talking about
this lawyer Alex vanderzwaan his last
communication with Richard Gates was in
mid-august 2016 which consisted of an
innocuous text message and his last
communication would person a we don't
know who that is ones in 2014 when
vanderzwaan and person a discussed
person a's family friend that's actually
a paragraph that's actually a paragraph
in a charging instrument by a special
counsel who reports the United States
Department of Justice that's an element
that was used to indict this man that he
spoke to a client Richard gage brigades
in a not via an innocuous text message
and then he spoke to another person
about that person's family not a family
friend I'm sorry spoke to that person
about that person's family like how are
your kids doing how's your son's soccer
game going that apparently is enough for
Robert Miller launched a criminal
investigation I mean I feel like I live
in a Twilight Zone they then go on to
say now understand you're a lawyer at a
firm like Skadden Arps
you're this guy vanderzwaan High Net
Worth guy you've got international
high-profile clients a special counsel
in the United States knocks on your door
and says I want you to produce all this
to me and he goes to comply well the
second point when it said other points
of the charging instrument he did not
know why an email between him and person
a in September 2016 was not produced to
the special counsel's office
and it says when in fact oh I'm sorry
that's from the previous paragraph the
way they wrote this is yeah he did not
know why an email between him and person
a and spammer 2016 was not produced to
special counsels office now I would
assume this very high net worth attorney
at Skadden Arps is representing very
very wealthy international clients
robably wasn't acting as his own lawyer
I'm guessing he had a team of attorneys
handling these discovery requests for
him or the requests for information the
subpoenas if they were issued by the
special counsel so an email was not
produced stop the presses Lock this guy
up throw him in Supermax 30 feet
underground treat him like a Taliban
terrorists right I mean that's how
mother's thanking you
in or about September 16
they're saying is so those are the two
things that he's claiming he talked
about
they're saying the special counsel then
says when in fact as he then and they're
well knew and believed at the special
counsel now
Muller's office is very good at assuming
what people believe when general Flynn
said I don't recall mullahs office said
yes you do we're gonna indict you on the
process crime of lying to us because we
believe you could recall and you're
saying you couldn't it is bizarre to me
I've never seen anything like this in my
entire career but when in fact as he
then in there knew well and believed in
or about September 16th he spoke with
gates and personai regarding the report
and surreptitiously recorded the calls
and he deleted and otherwise did not
produce emails sought by the special
counsels office and law firm a including
the email between person a and him in
September 2016
now
they are assuming that the guy
but the guy interpreted the calls the
way they did they are also assuming that
he didn't delete that email way back
then
as an attorney it would be privileged
communication and he would never think
that some overzealous prosecutor from
the US was coming to grab the guy up I'm
gonna grab him up but this is all about
arm twisting no American cares about
these bogus charges it's all about arm
twisting and I'm gonna tell you whose
arms are being twisted and what I think
the end result well Muller's desired end
result is on my longer show off the cuff
Declassified if you like this really
important content the stuff is getting
very interesting because the way Muller
is I think improperly handling it I want
to keep bringing it to every day so
please subscribe to our premium service
at wwww do forward slash shows you're
already subscriber thank you very very
much don't forget to go to the App Store
your App Store download the rebel app
it's the greatest most efficient way to
get all of our awesome content and over
the next couple of days I'm gonna do in
the show from the Conservative Political
Action Conference CPAC in Washington DC
you got to be sure to tune in you're
gonna love it to me great guests really
interesting interviews I will be back
with you tomorrow from Washington DC
thanks for watching
you
