it's about to go down the highest-paid
actor on TV came to the defense the
highest paid athlete in America saying
quote someone tell this bleep to meet me
outside unquote the victim LeBron James
the street justice vigilante Ellen
Pompeo and a criminal was Fox News
political analyst Laura Ingraham for
giving her political analysis and then
days this is pure Hollywood
the greatest showdown of the year took
place in the battlefields of Twitter
after LeBron said that President Trump
doesn't give a blink about people also
friend and list topping of highest-paid
athletes Kevin Durant said about of
America and president Trump quote as a
team as a country is not ran by a great
coach unquote Laura Ingraham as expected
for Fox News criticized these self-made
millionaires saying quote you're great
players but no one voted for you
millions elected Trump to be their coach
so keep the political commentary to
yourselves or as someone once said shut
up and dribble and this is when Grey's
Anatomy star Ellen Pompeo who warmed up
for the showdown by quote her behind the
scenes fight for what she deserves
which of course was becoming the highest
paid person in all of TV making over 20
million dollars per season and in The
Hollywood Reporter article she cites the
great adversity heroically saying quote
I knew I was f she recalls thinking at
the time afterall Pompeo was supposed to
be a movie star
unquote the struggle is real and the
struggle of missing out on some movies
and being forced to become the lead on
one of the most popular TV shows in the
entire world gave her the courage she
needed to stand up for LeBron James and
challenge Laura Ingraham to a backyard
brawl now as of this video the fight has
not been scheduled but there's a few
rumors of the location including behind
the local 7-eleven or in the parking lot
behind the school however Laura Ingraham
did reach out to LeBron James clarifying
her comment and offering LeBron James to
come on her show and talk about their
disagreements that's way less
interesting I've been Davies this is
pure Hollywood and another fantastic
news you can now download the rebel up
and take me with you wherever you go to
get exclusive content in the entire
rebel lineup
