it's presidents day here in the States
and it got me thinking about the
institution of the presidency its
Presidents Day and it got me thinking
about the office of the president the
institution of the presidency in fact
they're gonna picture behind me with
many many presidents depicted in that
print a print in which Barack Obama is
trampling on the Constitution and past
presidents like Abraham Lincoln are
bringing an anger pretty appropriate
but also got me thinking about the
hysteria against Donald Trump but we
like to call from derangement syndrome
the Trump is a president in the vein of
the founding fathers now I know one left
would laugh at me and then they would
mock me for saying that I'm not saying
that Trump is a Thomas Jefferson or a
George Washington every president was
unique in their own way what I'm saying
is Donald Trump is a president like the
founding fathers in terms of his
unwavering love for this nation
his unwavering love for the
opportunities and his understanding of
the opportunities this nation of Ford's
every American Donald Trump is labeled a
racist much like earlier presidents the
founding fathers were called hateful
names by the Tories the loyalists to the
British crown that one from his label
the race is to spite when he took over
mar-a-lago many many years ago he sued
city of Palm Beach in Palm Beach County
who integrate the club Jews African
Americans people of different sexual
orientations a man is hardly a racist if
you look around he has women in senior
positions communications director as a
woman is press secretary is a woman he's
appointed African Americans like dr.
Benton Carson a cabinet-level positions
he has Jewish colleagues and friends and
senior positions in the administration
Gary Cohen he has people running the
Trump Organization of the Jewish faith
but all of these insults hurled at
president Trump are without merit
they're baseless they're fact 'less
and it's done because the left would
rather the guy in the print behind me
Barack Obama they'd rather socialists
like that trample on the Constitution's
it on it step on it
tear it up and throw it out the window
the further a socialist progressive
cause and have Americans sitting in the
Oval Office I have presidents who truly
love not just America but the concept
the philosophy of American
exceptionalism American exceptionalism
where you can be anything you want to be
where a guy from Queens like Donald
Trump can take millions turn it into
billions and become President of the
United States he wasn't from a a bush
line or a Kennedy line those lines of
self-perceived American royalty you feel
entitled to the presidency no he was a
real estate guy from Queens who hit it
big wanted to run for president
despite the establishment throwing 17:17
campaign experience well-funded
opponents against him opponents he
picked off one by one
and you know how Donald Trump picked
them off one by one well sure it was his
own style of knowing how to insult that
knowing how to push their buttons and
knowing how to had a really peg and
exploit their insecurities but at the
end of the day it was you the voter as
me is all of us we were sick we were
sick and tired of progressivism
we're sick and tired of the institution
of the presidency being insulted by
people like the Clintons who literally
disgraced the Oval Office people like
Obama who apologized for America
apologize for America the greatest force
of good the world has ever known a
nation that it's freed billions from
oppression a nation that welcomed in
African Americans a nation that welcomed
in Italian immigrants Jewish immigrants
a nation that went to war on behalf of
African Americans with itself over
slavery
if that isn't exceptional what is a
nation or a black man
it came President of the United States
and that that terrified the left more
than anything is that was a symbol that
was a loud and clear message that the
progressive policies don't work and
African Americans are not less they're
not inferior they can achieve the same
goals as white American every American
has a level playing field in this nation
if Barack Obama a kid from a broken home
will barely knew his dad an immigrant
from Africa and never even emigrated to
the US and just came and visited
somebody who by all accounts if you look
at two sociological and criminal logical
models Barack Obama should never have
gone Harvard Law School
Barack Obama should never have gone to
good colleges he certainly couldn't have
been President of the United States
mystically
Barack Obama should never gotten near
the presidency but he did and he did for
one reason American exceptionalism the
fact that everyone here is equal
despite the left telling you there is
despite the left screaming about racism
and anti-semitism and an anti-gay and
this and that and everything is terrible
and everything is horrible if you're
patriotic and doesn't doesn't the facts
don't I should say the facts don't they
really contradict the left's narrative
because the less narrative has now
become patriotism equals white supremacy
patriotism equals some kind of Nazi
esque nationalism nothing could be
further from the truth
patriotism the love of America the love
of American exceptionalism is a love of
understanding that every American has
equal opportunity now sure if somebody's
born very wealthy they have a leg up
Bill Gates his kids certainly have a leg
up over a kid in the projects
I'm not naive that's not what I'm saying
but what I'm saying is that kid in the
projects has a shot in America he
doesn't have in other places there are
opportunities for him to get a better
education there are programs to get him
on an executive track if he takes an
entry-level job and a large corporation
norway's for him to climb the chain he
can walk into a McDonald's and get a job
and Bank a little money and that's a
start it's a learning of responsibility
it's a learning of showing up on time
the most rudimentary basic skills you
need to succeed in life accountability
to management or work ethic customer
service understanding how to deal with
customer temperaments deadlines and just
rush orders if you're busy the simplest
job gives you the tools you need to
succeed in America and that's the crux
of American exceptionalism and so when I
look at the presidency on this
Presidents Day I look at the presidents
that have made America exceptional I
look at the president to understand
America is exceptional and who have
worked toward that American
exceptionalism I mean I look at the
presidents that focus on globalism on
progressivism on socialism on wanting
America to be more like countries that
we have had to go to war to free in
kind of silly doesn't it and when I look
at those two things I realized there's
two common threads the former the ones
who loved in American exceptionalism who
believe in America who want America to
be better who want America to lead the
world well they tend to be conservative
and the ones who want us to be more like
the countries who had to free from
oppression well they tend to be
progressive
but when this Presidents Day I'm very
very happy we have a conservative who
understands American exceptionalism in
the White House and I just hope we keep
one there long after Donald Trump's term
you like this content please subscribe
to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org light right here on the
rebel it's a full hour of this content
great guests you're gonna love it go to
the app store I keep telling you this
because I really mean it
go to the App Store download the rebel
app it's awesome really really fast way
to get all of our great content and as
always thank you so much for watching
I'll be back with you tomorrow
you
