John let me get this straight
Kim jong-un's sister kim yo-jong
according to CNN at least is quote
stealing the show at the Winter Olympic
Games meanwhile US vice president Mike
Pence seems to be getting the stink-eye
from journalists for rightfully snubbing
a woman who is part of one of the most
deplorable regimes in the world John was
there some sort of a quantum cosmic
calamity last week that shifted planet
earth into the bizarro Superman
University what do you make of this yeah
apparently for only for Whoopi Goldberg
CNN the Washington Post in the New York
Times because the rest of us still
understand how reprehensible the Kim
family is and this North Korean regime
is you know what's really troubling
David be the woman I forget her name
right now kind of five thought I believe
it is from the Washington Post is there
an Asia reporter she was the one
swooning over Kim's sister but this same
woman
this same reporter did a storage did a
piece where she profiled the horror
stories of multiple people who had
escaped North Korea how they were beaten
how they were tortured how the police
fair used methamphetamine so that
because their lives are miserable so the
drug dealers are treated better than the
citizens and then on the heels of that
she goes and swings over the family
responsible for it all I mean the
mainstream media's become a parody of
itself but you know Jon I'm trying to
you know connect the dots here the
people in the media they know what's
going on in the Hermit Kingdom even
though they're not permitted to go there
unless there's some exceptional
circumstances they know their starvation
there's they know that there's more than
a million North Korean refugees living
in China they know that there's people
just eating grass to survive how is it
that I don't know maybe she's photogenic
maybe she's polite does a little curtsy
but how is all this reprehensible
behavior by the regime excused as they
court this woman well because because
they finally found someone who hates the
United States as much as they do they
have an ally in her their enemy's enemy
is their friend so she and her brother
despise the United States they despised
the United States and American
journalism why not gravitate toward one
another and and join forces to insult
our nation and really to insult Western
values right to insult Canada and the UK
and Germany and Italy and France all
nations that allow their people to live
freely look we might have fundamental
differences of opinion on policy and
politics with certain European nations
but by and large their people are free
they go about their day they can own
their businesses North Korea is nothing
like that and the mainstream media is
sliding further and further left so in
in in North Korea they find an ally they
find somebody that can hate Western
exceptionalism American exceptionalism
as much as they do hey that was an
excerpt from my weekly show rebel
roundup in which we highlight the best
stories of the week with your favorite
rebels if you want to see the full show
please sign up to become a Premium
Member
you
