conservatives across the country are
speaking out the feds are conveniently
silent Rachel not least trying hard to
pretend like she's doing something for
once and BC is being run by a shadow
government of backroom activist yes
friends it's been another wild and crazy
week here in the saga of the trans
mountain pipeline in the Balkan states
of Canada the BC NDP government has a
blockade on any further Alberta oil
sands exports and everyone has something
to say about it that is except the feds
former Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall
spit hot fire at the Trudeau liberals
for their silence in the ongoing trade
rift between Alberta and BC over the
trans mountain pipeline wall said Canada
is in danger of losing its national
cohesion saying and I quote we have to
decide if we are proud or ashamed to
have a world-class energy resource it's
paid a lot of bills in this country
transfer payments and a lot of jobs
because right now it looks like most of
the country is ashamed of it wall said
the federal government sees the oil and
gas sector as an ongoing source of shame
former BC premier Christy Clark said
that her successor John Horgan's
opposition to Kinder Morgan's seven
point four billion dollar project is
illegal and unconstitutional and it's
causing all Canadians to lose out
Alberta United Conservative Party leader
Jason Kenney as always was highly
critical of the lack of leadership from
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau Kenny said
Alberta will not soon forget Horgan's
actions against us saying if the BC
government is threatening to violate the
Constitution they can't do it without
repercussions and the federal government
is doing well a lot of nothing to defuse
this constitutional crisis between
Alberta and its next-door neighbour BC
and the feds don't seem particularly
interested in getting any pipeline done
considering they keep adding layer upon
layer of regulation to every new energy
project in this country but despite all
of these reasonable defenses of Canadian
Confederation the inmates are definitely
running the asylum in
see the NDP are the government over
there and just like the NDP everywhere
the radical anti-development voices are
the only ones the BC NDP are listening
to their even taking private meetings
with them like the reported meeting
between BC Environment and climate
change minister George Haman and radical
environmentalist sapore Berman just look
at this answer Haman gave to BC liberal
MLA Peter millibar when he was pressed
about why Haman was meeting with radical
environmentalist groups who promised
civil disobedience against trans
mountain at one of the activists
planning retreats just watch
perhaps the member opposite would care
to reflect on the actions of the past
government that didn't believe that was
important to consult with Oliver
instead honorable speaker that it was
important to meet quietly in Calgary
with proponents of projects just before
they received several hundred thousand
dollars and contributions from Kinder
Morgan and their friends Heyman says the
word Calgary like it's a dirty word sort
of the way Democrats say the word
Kremlin but you know who the BC
Environment Minister really sounds like
a lot there Rachel Notley about a year
ago defending herself in the face of a
lot of criticism for hiring that same BC
anti oil activist supporter Berman to
not just sit on but to be the chair of
the oil sands advisory group panel to
advise Alberta on the future of our oil
industry remember that we tried really
hard to get her fired back then Notley
said at the time that people will
disagree but the way forward is to find
common cause not to develop silos and to
develop your own echo chamber and then
to be really surprised when no one
agrees with where you are going not
least said I think that the vast
majority of Albertans believe in
inclusivity they believe in mutual
respect they believe in civil discourse
and they believe that it's absolutely
appropriate to disagree but to do so in
a way that allows you to have an actual
thoughtful conversation oh really no at
least said Alberta could have a
thoughtful conversation and civil
discourse with support Behrman
let's take a look at what that
thoughtful discourse and conversation
looks like right now shall we
Berman is willing to land herself back
in the old crowbar hotel in her ongoing
efforts to block Trans Mountain spy
plane
she said if they break ground then there
is no question that hundreds if not
thousands will stand up to oppose them
nobody likes conflict I've been to jail
and it's not a pleasant place and I'm
not looking forward to going back there
but we do what it takes
Berman is threatening illegal civil
disobedience not civil discourse the way
Rachel Notley promised us and she's
doing it against her enemies just like
she has done in the past Berman was a
leader in the war of
woods against BC's logging of clock
watts sound trees were spiked what that
means is iron spikes were driven by
activists like Berman into the trunks of
trees to both sabotage logging equipment
and to endanger and cause loggers to
fear for their lives that was the first
time Berman went to jail it was during
the summer of 1993 and I certainly hope
it isn't the last because you know what
lock her up no one with any foresight
should be shocked about Berman's
rhetoric against trans mountain given
her long and storied history of civil
disobedience
these are not leaves environmentalist
chickens coming home to roost
by hiring berman Notley gave her all the
credibility and legitimacy of the
Alberta government Notley accredited
Berman as an expert in oil sands
development and now it's being
weaponized against Alberta by our
political enemies in British Columbia
and for that Berman should hang like a
yoke around Rachel notley's neck until
2019 for the rebel media I'm Shiela gun
Reid I am always on my phone partly for
work partly because I'm a mom and partly
because as Justin Trudeau says it's the
current year and everybody is on their
phone but life just got a little bit
easier because we have a brand new rebel
media app you can find it on the Google
Play Store or on the Apple App Store
download it give it a whirl and take the
other side of the story with you
wherever you go
