I've been saying for a long time that
the Tories are losing the conservative
vote and it turns out that one of the
donors thinks the party has lost their
way also
take a look at this quick clip of
Conservative Party donor Michael Spencer
talking about the Tories I think the
Prime Minister if I might say has let
herself down personally by not being a
champion of business to the extent that
she could be or should be
you might make a legitimate excuse that
she's been so busy on brexit she hasn't
had time to focus on him but post-break
said this is one of the key issues the
Conservative Party must address the
conservative I would say have lost their
way not lost their ideology and I feel
optimistic and indeed one of the reasons
I stay involved in the party is as a you
know a representative or you know a
supporter of the business community
interesting so I've been saying for a
while about the Tories in fact not just
me I'm not gonna claim to be some kind
of prophet here a lot of people have
been saying this but I've been saying
that the Tories abandoned the
conservative vote the social
conservative vote a long time ago in
becoming increasingly left-wing moving
towards the quote/unquote middle towards
Tony Blair and they have done that but
it's not just that because the Tories
don't even seem to be championing
business anymore which is the bare
minimum you would expect from the Tories
it's one of the key tenets of being a
conservative now the city grandi Michael
Spencer thinks that who's a big donor to
the party he thinks that Teresa Mays
lost her way and that the party must now
address where it stands on enterprise
innovation and competitiveness along
with other industrial changes he says
and he says that he's still involved
with the party because he wants to be
representative of the business community
in the UK to have a voice within the
Tory party but he wants to see action as
well and I don't blame him if I was a
Tory party don't Tory party donor as
well I'd want to see a bit more action
and I would agree that the Prime
Minister Tereza Mae has let herself down
the party no longer resembles anything
even remotely conservative I challenge
you today name one conservative policy
from the Conservative Party just one but
it in the comments proved me wrong
and he's right to say by the way that
they're not championing business because
the cheque is deal which to resume is
endlessly pushing despite the fact that
the EU have said no oh
and over and over and over and over
again and labor of said no and her own
party have said no but she's still going
for it it offers as no real advantage
for a business it's somebody the ERG the
European research group and Jacob Riis
Morgan Co who are actually willing to
champion business post brexit know this
so there's nothing to fear about leaving
the EU on WTO rules or even agreeing on
a free trade deal that works for us the
EU has already accepted a free trade
deal and they're willing to do it isn't
it time that the British government
started thinking about business big and
small and either working on a deal that
the EU has already accepted and said
that they would work with us on or just
telling them to do one and leaving the
EU on their own terms as the medium
would call it crashing out of the EU
leaving with a no deal may might tell us
that her goal is to protect business and
she definitely does tell us that but
it's telling that one of the party's
biggest donors is speaking out about it
Spencer voted to remain in the EU by the
way but he respects the Democratic
decision made by the people and wants
the Tories to make good on that decision
and to do a deal that benefits business
when you do deals the benefits business
particularly small and medium business
you're doing a deal that benefits the
people protects the British people
protect workers protects jobs protect
the economy protects our livelihood it
all it all felt filters down to the
basic point of how how can the
government work to benefit its citizens
you got to protect business and as Jacob
Riis MOG put it just a couple of nights
ago in his speech there's a brilliant
report by the House of Lords from March
last year with a committee mainly of
remainders saying the legal position is
absolutely clear if we leave on WTO
terms we are under no obligation to pay
a penny not a brass farthing we would
not owe them anything and we would
immediately be able to trade with the
world now that sounds like protecting
business to me and it also sounds like
the Tory party of old Teresa may I think
it's time for you to start listening to
Jacob Riis MOG if you want to see more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
remember to Like and subscribe
you
