a very troubling question remains in the
parkland shooting I'm gonna tell you
what it is because I've been asking it
there's something that's bothering me
about the Broward County Sheriff's
Office's public information response now
the men and women of the Broward County
Sheriff's Office both on a law
enforcement side and on the emergency
services side Fire Rescue it an
outstanding textbook job evacuating
students from Marjory Stoneman Douglas
High School in parkland after the
horrific shooting that left 17 dead but
I have now personally four times by
phone and once by email inquired with
the Broward Sheriff's Office as to
whether or not there was a school
resource officer on the campus as to
whether or not one was even assigned to
the school I asked him a series of
questions and still haven't received the
response
despite by statute them having the
respond within a business day now I
understand they're busy well I'm not
gonna be a stickler for timelines
they're being inundated with information
requests from around the world but this
is a very important question cool
resource officers are what they sound
like an armed trained police officer
typically a deputy with the Broward
County Sheriff's Office assigned to the
school I was speaking about it a bit on
the show yesterday this school was very
large thousands of students it in and of
itself is a small city the Tilton
community it's a good-sized town so
having an officer there just makes sense
you heard the former sheriff of Broward
County say police respond to schools all
the time anyway stolen bicycle stolen
cell phones fights altercations unruly
kids unruly parents arguments at sports
games they respond there for all types
of crimes like they would in any other
community my questions were was there a
school resource officer sign in the
school was there if there was why didn't
they intervene if there wasn't why if
there was were they on campus and if
they weren't on campus why these are
valid questions and questions the public
has a right to know now I think the men
and women as I said at the Broward
County Sheriff's Office
do an outstanding job every day it's one
of the most professional law enforcement
agencies I've ever encountered but like
many other issues with law enforcement
these days I'm not a big fan of the
person at the top I've found sheriff
Scott Israel to be lacking in his
understanding of training in his
thoroughness with training protocols
I hear accounts from deputies from
sources telling me that training under
him is is different there's much less of
it and there's less of an importance put
on it than there were under previous
sheriff's and that's very problematic in
these times Broward County is home to
Fort Lauderdale we have a very large and
active seaport we have a very large and
active Airport but is shooting at our
Airport we need a sheriff who
understands these things but I am NOT a
fan of sheriff Israel because quite
often he worries more about being a far
left Democratic politician and he does a
chief law enforcement officer the
sheriff's here are our elected positions
very political positions on the previous
sheriff a Lamberty who I had on the show
full disclosure is a friend of mine but
I respect the man he was a cops cop he
spent 35 years in that agency Israel was
a sheriff of a small local department
who then won an election in a heavily
Democratic County that doesn't
necessarily make one qualified for the
job and my opinion as a former law
enforcement guy is that Israel is a bit
out of his League I've been very under
impressed with the way he's handled
things and I say this again as a friend
a law enforcement person but also as a
resident of Broward County they're a
resident of the county in which he runs
the police department the sheriff's
office I've been very under impressed as
are many other people but this isn't
about the sheriff this is about the
public information response and the
sheriff's management of that not about
the sheriff's career on the whole they
need to tell us what went on with the
school resource off
you need to explain to us if one was
there one wasn't there why and I'm
hoping I get a response when I do I'll
bring it to you on my longer show
off-the-cuff Declassified tune in can be
very interesting if you like this
content and this is very important
pungent please subscribe to our premium
service at www.mediaed.org add the rebel
app it really is a great way to get our
content very fast very efficient I
absolutely love it it's how I access the
rebel now exclusively as always thanks
very much for watching and you have a
great weekend I'll see you next week
you
