look at all of them in the space for a
few weeks number one a global warming
politician suing a professor for seven
years and losing and the media cheers
for the suing politician number two
Trudeau promising that more government
journalism is the answer and that's who
we can trust to keep a watch on our
democracy government journalist three
one free speech group calling to ban
Donald Trump for another free speech
group calling to ban the rebel and words
they don't like and five Trudeau
threatening Facebook if they don't do
his dirty work and let me add on number
six
Trudeau's right-hand man calling
journalists like us who joke about
Trudeau he calls us Nazis and Trudeau
stood by that in Parliament limas
Speaker when it comes to civil discourse
when it comes to the kinds of back and
forth that happens in this house it's a
real shame to see the Conservatives
using lines straight out a rebel
magazine and rebel all of this in the
course of a few weeks all these six
examples in the course of a few weeks
this isn't about us this is about the
state of the media and diversity of
opinion in free speech but maybe in a
way it is about us Trudeau hates us he's
obsessed by us so is his right-hand man
Gerald butts and so is the media party
and so are the Canadian journalist for
free expression and Canada pen Canada as
moammar mualim says he wishes anyone who
disagrees with him on his favorite
subject would be fired as a journalist
so maybe it is a little bit about us
here the rebel the one last independent
media company in Canada that's not
lining up at the trough even the post
media newspapers even the Toronto Sun
that I love and the National Post that I
like they're lining up for Trudeau's
money too we really are the only
alternative to the government media in
this country or at least we will be if
the next budget has payoffs for the rest
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
