well it is the right of citizens in
Canada the United States any free
country to criticize their own country
but I think good taste suggests that
when you're in your own country you
criticize it but generally when you're
abroad you'd be a bit of a Patriots and
you defend your country especially if
you are in a foreign dictatorship well
tell that to Robert De Niro who was
recently in the OPEC dictatorship of the
United Arab Emirates and this is what he
had to say while in the UAE he said I'm
talking about my own country the United
States of America we don't like to say
we are a backward country so let's just
say we're suffering from temporary
insanity now in that particular case the
particular subject at hand was global
warming of course the United Arab
Emirates is an OPEC dictatorship so I'm
not sure if if the United States or any
Western country is like lessens to take
from the UAE on the environment but on
anything from civil liberties to the
treatment of minorities to democracy
Robert DeNiro was condemning one of the
freest countries in the world from an
oppressive dictatorship it may be a
benign dictatorship but it's still a
dictatorship joining us now to talk
about this via Skype is our friend
Pamela Geller good to see you again
Pamela how you doing it's good to be
here oh the irony
esra the irony yes it's a free country
but not if the likes of Robert De Niro
really has anything to say about it of
course the the irony is not lost on me
let's review shall we
the UAE has slave conditions many people
refer to the migrants they are working
there as slaves that shame the West
because as you know institutions like
NYU New York University use those slave
workers if you recall in Abu Dhabi they
submit Israeli athletes from wearing
national emblems okay it's Nazi esque
actually I guess the yellow star it's
sort of the same sort of a piece of you
know hatred and anti-semitism and when
is
one they refused to play the Israeli
anthem that so many examples abound the
American mother who was slaughtered in a
bathroom in a mall there by a burqa clad
muslima in that trial non-muslim
witnesses would be discarded that's what
the defense said um I could go on and on
the hypocrisy is astonishing you know
what's interesting first of all there
was a time for decades that robert de
niro navigated to the news he was a man
of mystery named it certainly would have
served him better than opening his mouth
where he showed the world he really was
a moron who and his partnership with his
law partnership for example with Harvey
Weinstein he never really came out
publicly and said anything about that
they they produce several movies
together and he's been strangely yes
strangely silent and also you don't have
to talk about his history of abusive
stories one of his girlfriends he
coerced and abused and trying to have an
abortion I mean people in really brittle
glass houses should not throw stones and
if America is suffering from temporary
insanity which by the way I agree with
but not for the same reasons yes I'm a
trumped arrangement syndrome and in the
media and the left I agree you know I
want to pick out one detail and it's the
United Arab Emirates I have not been
there I'd like everyone else I marvel at
the skyscrapers of Dubai but I also know
that those skyscrapers are designed by
architects in London England or the
United States or Germany and they're
built by foreign indentured labour the
majority population in the United Arab
Emirates our foreign guest workers often
from other Muslim countries by the way
that Filipinos ties it as well the the
Emiratis themselves are I think only 1/7
and the population they're sort of
layabout Prince's my point is it's not
even a country like it it's in some way
an economic miracle and it's not
terrorist infested like other countries
in the region so we should give it a
do but here's what gets me pamela is why
is why is robert de niro going there and
it reminds me Margaret Atwood went there
to get some prize and all these artistes
go there there is no cultural capital in
the United Arab Emirates the Emiratis
were basically desert nothings they were
any note culturally or civilization Lee
until they struck oil
the modern miracles of their city are
built by Asian labor and Western design
the only reason to Nero and outwit and
all other celebrities go there is
because they're given bags of cash for
showing up to give that little
dictatorship any sort of reputation it's
sort of if you're going there you're
clearly being bought off for PR for the
local dictatorship that's my view what
do you think I think they're horse
that's what I think enormous amounts of
money and they turn a they turn a blind
eye to the Sharia riddled country and we
see this in the Kardashians doing shows
over there I mean what was more absurd
then Sex in the City doing the movie in
in Abu Dhabi what was more absurd than
that you know as they're flying around
in these scant
outfits surrounded by these prison clad
these cloth caught and what women I mean
they should be ashamed they've sold
their soul no principles I mean it's
just it's it's exposed it's naked no
principles no courage of any convictions
how could they then they're morally
bankrupt they have no moral nerve they
have no morals and so they sell out to
the highest bidder and for someone like
that to preach to us is just the height
of hypocrisy and absurdity and I think
that he was exposed for what he is and
what's he doing there anyway it's see
your point what is he doing what is he
doing there and sitting amongst men in
literally 1,400 year old outfits they're
wearing and he is preaching to ask them
if anyone is insane
it's the the unhinged left in this
country Hollywood media academia because
the people spoke the people spoke in
2016 and Donald Trump thank God you know
we dodged a bullet a bullet sadly I hear
Canada is suffering under your Prime
Minister Trudeau you know I mean if you
want to see judge stuff there's two very
parallel universes
you had Harper we had Obama yeah and
then we sort of switch sides on that you
know the idea that DeNiro is in the UAE
and I think a Margaret Atwood who wrote
a book called The Handmaid's Tale there
was a Christian theocracy that treated
you know that had a gender apartheid in
a Christian theocracy but yet she was
happy to go to in a agenda a Muslim
gender apartheid country and take a cash
award that's what gets me and it reminds
me there's this really really sad
picture of Nicolas Cage and I happen to
like Nicolas Cage as a as an actor most
of the time but I guess he fell on hard
times and so he took like a million
dollars or something to go to some
birthday party and one of the stands I
don't remember if it was Kazakhstan or
loses Becca Stan or something and he
there's this photo of them dressed in
the local you know garments and his face
looks utterly dejected like how did my
life end up here well the answer is when
you fall in hard times you go to one of
the stands you go to the United Arab
Emirates you pick up a big appearance
check and you're basically there to
bring Western fashionable political
approval to what would otherwise be
called
you know well what it is an illiberal
dictatorship I think that Robert De Niro
swatting around the UAE is gross enough
in itself but maybe he's on a hard times
like Nicolas Cage was but to then swipe
at the freest place in America his own
home country his super gross last word
to you Pamela I mean you know when you
think about the Italian immigrants how
they came to this country how they
worked so hard and what a success they
made and what a success he made and to
kick sand in the face in the freest
country that made him
he is shows really what a piggy is
there's no kind word for this we can
come up with fancy terms morally
bankrupt and so on and so forth in that
country where are people I mean they has
there is a slave class and he is calling
us backward I think was a stunning
indictment of Robert DeNiro
not-not-not of who we are as a nation
you're so right about the slave class
because they are indentured workers who
have built that city great to see you
Pamela I mean I I try to separate the
art of actors and singers from their
political statements but with DeNiro
it's just how I look at him now and I
just see this trumped arrangement face
and eye it's hard for me to like his
movies anymore you know I guess I got to
stick to Clint Eastwood or something
well we'll stay in touch my friend
thanks for taking the time today thank
you for having me there you have a
pamela geller of pamela geller calm
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levante show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
