and this is the most depressing part for
me is we had people just permanently
leaving the labor forces and just not
even trying to get a job anymore let me
zoom in on on just one number for
Ontario it's called the participation
rate as in if you're 80 years old and
retired you're not counted as unemployed
if you're 10 years old you're obviously
not counted as unemployed because you're
not participating in the labor force and
if you choose to be a homemaker you're
not counted as unemployed either because
you're doing real work at home you're of
working age and you you're working at
home but if you don't want to join the
labor pool and find a job that's the
participation rate it's based on the
total number that unemployment stats are
calculated so look at this look at
Ontario's labor participation rate in
December it was 65 percent you see that
it plummeted to sixty four point four
percent one month later
so although Ontario's unemployment rate
officially look better it went from five
point six to five point five percent
good news right no way because look at
that point six percent of Ontarians just
said yeah
I'm not gonna even look for work anymore
why bother
I'm gonna quit I didn't do something
else I'm gonna retire I'm not gonna look
at all okay look at one more stand I'm
sorry to pummel you with stats but it
tells the story for Ontario from
December to January look at that the
population of Ontario grew those are
measured in thousands right so the
population in ontario grew from eleven
million seven hundred and seventy-one
thousand people to 11 million seven
hundred and ninety three thousand people
you see that so Ontario grew by twenty
one thousand eight hundred people in one
month right okay but look at the labor
force like that it fell from seven
million six hundred and forty-eight
thousand to seven million five hundred
and ninety three thousand so while the
number of people in the province grew
twenty one thousand eight hundred the
number of people who just stopped
bothering even to look for work with
that number the number of people in the
labor force fell by fifty four thousand
eight hundred my point is that
is not even taken into account and the
unemployment numbers because you don't
count people who've dropped out of labor
force so what is masking how bad things
are in Ontario and you think this is
going to get better or worse as Trudeau
jacks up his national carbon tax and
Ontario jacks up their pension plan
withholding tax and next year's round of
minimum wage hikes kicks in oh yeah
we're not done yet neither Alberta or
Ontario do you think this is going to
get better or worse especially in
contrast to the United States where
companies are doing better than ever
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews a day and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
