volleyball it produces more movies each
year than the United States how many of
those have you seen what about China and
Japan who collectively produced more
movies the United States each year none
here in the United States in Hollywood
we have shaped movies not by force and
it's not a matter of money either
because many of those other movies have
massive budgets but because of the
unique stories and unprecedented
execution however many on the regressive
left think the system is broken that we
should change it you know not by
producing the best stories but rather
putting in some weird postmodern quota
for race and gender sound like the
bigotry of low expectations or extremely
sexist well not to the soy Bandcamp that
is variety which ran a recent headline
saying quote Star Wars 96% of its films
universe writers and directors are white
meant unquote I wish I was joking I'm
Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood
those of you that have lived under a
rock George Lucas created Star Wars note
the white skin and beard those are two
problems we'll come back to they have
grossed nearly nine billion dollars
worldwide just in box office revenue not
including all the merchandise that's all
over the world this has supplied
billions or hundreds of millions of
dollars to hundreds of thousands of
employees and people all over the world
not to mention captivating an entire
generation because of the unique story
and incredible spectacle but this has to
stop because George Lucas wrote on the
first six mountains and directed four of
them and he shouldn't have been allowed
to do this even though he created
because of his race and gender clearly
this needs to be fixed right now
according to Variety and marine Ryan who
said quote I adored the last Jedi I
cried during almost all of Carrie Fisher
scenes unquote clearly we should take a
lesson from this winter she seems like
she embodies this strong woman she goes
on to complain in an empowered voice and
only a mother could tolerate talking
about the writing and directing
positions on Star Wars movies saying
quote no men of color women of color or
white women have held these positions
the franchise's leading creative voices
have been white men and 96% of the time
unquote keep in mind she's talking about
two positions amongst thousands that
make up a film crew first of all it
hasn't just been white men who have held
these positions there been many awesome
Jewish writers and directors that have
worked on this but seriously like who
cares since when does the pigment of
your skin determine the merit of your
story the creativity of your art or the
power of your performance we don't
complain there's enough diversity in
Japan China or Bollywood no because they
are the majority I mean I feel stupid
I'd have to say this Kathleen Kennedy a
woman at Disney is now in charge of the
entire Star Wars franchise and she's
determined to fix this oppressive
patriarchy franchise by seemingly trying
to turn it into some type of feminist
propaganda as seen in the last Jedi the
real problem is just the implication in
the headline itself because a guy who
happened to be born white created an
entire franchise that was extremely
successful he was primarily involved and
dedicated his entire life to this story
yet it is somehow racist and sexist
because he didn't acknowledge his
privilege and remove himself from his
life
work simply because of the shame that
his skin apparently brings and just
throw the reins of his story to anyone
that the public deems as the empowered
minority and these regressive lefties
think that this is virtuous because of
the color of their skin or the genitals
they were born with on believable I'm
then Davies this is pure Hollywood and
another fantastic news you can now
download the rebel up and take me with
you wherever you go to get exclusive
content in the entire rebel lineup
you
