the Liberals have a brand new batch of
tax cheaters in their sights
this time minimum wage restaurant
servers by the time 2019 rolls around
the only people that liberals won't
consider to be tax sheets will be other
liberal cabinet ministers servers in
Prince Edward Island are complaining
about being audited by the Canada
Revenue Agency over their tips one 25
year old server told the local newspaper
that she's been struggling to pay off
her student debt but now she's been
slapped with a fifteen thousand dollar
tax bill from the CRA because they think
she didn't claim all of her tips now it
would seem that the CRA is targeting
Murphy Hospitality Group Murphy
hospitality claims that several of their
servers have been hit with the same
bills from the CRA in the thousands of
dollars another server a woman named
Anita Cayce also a university student
said that she claims a good portion of
her tips on her taxes but she ended up
being audited
anyway she also argues that even though
she realizes that servers are supposed
to claim their tips on their taxes that
tips should be considered a gift from
her customers to her for good service
and not part of her taxable income
service staff and restaurant workers are
often young people and students trying
to earn a living on minimum wage
the Liberals are the ones who are
constantly prattling on about how
service staff should be making what they
call a living wage well how about this
service staff could be making a living
wage if liberals weren't taking the
gifts they're satisfied customers are
leaving for them on the table Federal
Finance Minister Bill Morneau already a
multi-millionaire married to a
multi-millionaire enriched himself as
finance minister by not putting his
assets in a blind trust he benefited
from his own changes to tax legislation
and he lost track of just how many
assets he had for getting all together
that he owned a French villa but here he
is cracking down on minimum wage earners
for not declaring every last penny of
the tip say
why can't they just forget to do things
like Bill Morneau does now this auditing
of service staff is really just the
latest move by the federal government
and the CRA to target normal people just
trying to earn a living back in November
the CRA quietly ordered PayPal to hand
over information about its business
account holders so the stay-at-home mom
who makes crafts and then sells them on
Etsy or in her Facebook groups well
those are also Trudeau's tax cheats and
he needs to get his pound of flesh from
them too a CRA spokesperson called these
folks part of the underground economy
that hurts the Canadian tax base and
before that Finance Minister Bill
Morneau targeted small businesses saying
that owners who employ their children or
other family members were guilty of
something he called income sprinkling at
the very same time changes to both
corporate tax rates and the capital
gains tax made it more difficult for
farmers to pass their land on to their
own children rather than to sell it to a
large multinational corporation but I
guess trips to a billionaires private
island aren't exactly free and Justin
Trudeau absolutely refuses to say if
he's going to repay his two hundred
thousand dollar bill for his illegal
vacation on the Agra kondal ibraheem
invoke insertive motion calling on
Trudeau to pick up the tab for his
luxury vacations now someone has to pay
for all this wasteful opulence and I
guess those people are minimum wage
earning university students this time
the Liberals are on a witch-hunt
looking for tax cheats around every
corner of middle class Canada but this
time they are looking at the literal
bottom for minimum wage earners when
Trudeau is refusing to pay his
billionaire Island bills in Morneau
while he just forgot to disclose his
French villa are the waitresses at the
local diner really the problem are they
the people the Liberals need to be
looking for more money from by the way
80% of food and beverage workers are
women that doesn't seem very feminist
feminists of Trudeau to target them does
it let's recap because the
girl's list of tax cheats is getting
long and more and more Canadians are
finding themselves on it every day right
now it's small business people really
really small business people who sell
their handmade goods on Etsy and
Facebook and other online farmers market
sites farmers themselves and now minimum
wage restaurant workers is this what
Trudeau meant when he said he would be
engaging young people and helping the
middle class for the rebel media I'm
Sheila Gunn read are you like me are you
completely lost without your phone well
then have I got good news for you we've
got a brand new rebel mobile app you can
find it on the Google Play Store or on
the Apple App Store download it give it
a whirl and take the other side of the
news with you wherever you go
you
