we all have memories of a summertime job
from scooping ice cream the cutting
grass but incredibly the Trudeau
Liberals have managed to do the
improbable they've actually politicized
the summer job
well who in the world saw this coming if
an organization applies for a grant to
the Canada summer jobs program and it
doesn't subscribe to all of the values
this Liberal government embraces guess
what its application will be
disqualified so much for freedom of
expression so much for agreeing to
disagree indeed
just check out the eligibility
requirements quote to be eligible the
core mandate of the organization must
respect individual human rights in
Canada including the values underlying
the Canadian Charter of Rights and
Freedoms as well as other rights
these include reproductive rights and
the right to be free from discrimination
on the basis of sex religion race
national or ethnic origin color mental
or physical disability sexual
orientation or gender identity or
expression and the Liberals apparently
mean business check out this letter from
Service Canada that the rebel obtained
from an organization applying to the
Canada summer jobs program it reads your
application must be resubmitted because
the attestation cannot be altered or
modified now perhaps the most
contentious issue is the proviso
regarding reproductive rights simply put
the Liberals want all hiring
organizations to pledge that they are
pro-abortion and so it is that if an
organization isn't pro-abortion
it shall automatically be denied funding
several religious groups that are
pro-life are understandably livid over
this requirement noting it's a mandate
that goes directly against their values
as well such an edict might very well be
unconstitutional recently we drop by a
Canada Christian College in Toronto to
speak with dr. Charles mcbeatty who is
heading the charge against a grant
requirement provision that many are
labeling as being unconstitutional I
guess the big question is why are the
Justin Trudeau liberals politicizing the
summer jobs program well they have put
together a ideology test the
organization has to attest to support
abortion and to support multiple genders
and and and these are two of their own
their positions but not every Canadian
supports these do things this is an
ideology test and the only time I can
find in history that this has been done
is really with communist rule countries
where what do you think and what you
support will determine whether you get a
job are you with the Communist Party or
you're not with the Communist Party I'm
the president of a degree granting
institution our students get the Canada
student grants OSAP in Ontario dose up
are they gonna bring this there and make
students a test to support abortion and
multiple genders in order to get student
loans it appears as though there's no
stopping these liberals when they want
to go down this fascist tyrannical path
this is an ideology test this means soon
the the middie it's not you but the
maybe is seventy five million dollars a
year and I ask the journalists what is
it gonna be your ideology test are you
gonna have to maybe with us
right-wingers get India off the sport
creation I mean or if Donald Trump was
in Azhar LaVon said maybe you would have
to swear support for the Second
Amendment or I mean where is the freedom
of thought freedom of conscience where's
the section fifteen equality under the
law so you get equality not just not
just for being prosecuted under the law
but equality for benefit under the law
this is all taken away with an ideology
test and it may be me tomorrow but it
may be you or you to the next day and
doctor maybe the liberal government
they're kind of wrapping this
stipulation
the Canadian Charter of Rights and
Freedoms that these are Canadian values
we have to subscribe buy them do you buy
this explanation no of course not
because first of all abortion is not a
right it's not in the Charter it's not
even in the law we don't even have a law
for 30 years we just don't have a law so
it's not that this is an ideology that
they subscribe to and we're the only
country in the Western world that has no
anti-abortion law so so even Western
even even socialist countries have
anti-abortion laws so it's not a de
facto human rights law so that everyone
must support it but they're making it
that litmus test and you know what
doctor my beauty it's interesting I have
spoken to people who are pro-choice or
pro-life you will and they're against
this because they don't feel that
someone's right to an opinion someone's
right to an ideology should be taken
away or or someone else's ideology
should be forced on them and these are
people that are pro-abortion so I'm just
wondering is this at the end of the date
is this a political win for the Trudeau
government or are they gonna get some
serious blowback back when you and I
were thin it's been a long winter folks
more than a winter when we were young
it was the left that fought for freedom
of speech
now the left is trying to censor speech
and roles have reversed somehow and we
on the conservative side are fighting
for freedom of speech but but beyond
this even the Canadian civil rights
Civil Liberties Union I mean they
support you on this don't they but
they're to the left of Idi Amin
and they support us on this surprisingly
CBC has come on board and really done a
number of good articles and and
broadcasts on this and I hate to say
that but it's true and you have to speak
the truth and and The Globe and Mail
National Post pretty much the media
right across the board has been on our
side on this so I think this is a losing
proposition for the government it has to
be we have to win
it's there's no other option losing and
and and you you paying your taxes based
on your ideology or getting any grantor
or anything based on ideology that is a
rages we will never stop fighting this
and how far will you take this fight
Charles we're gonna take it to the
street that's the the court of public
opinion is the most important court but
if we have to go to the Supreme Court we
will we are going to take this all the
way and we and they're not just we
Christians I mean with Jewish and Muslim
and Hindu and Sikh and atheist and and
leftist partners in this because
everybody knows that no government
should be putting an ideology test to
funding what is your next step in the
here now well we need to raise as many
people across the country who will stand
up and say no to this in the defend
marriage camp we brought together a
million people the protested I'm
believing that we're gonna be able to to
get even more than that in on this this
is a hot topic and this spans the full
gamut when it comes to freedom and
democracy so we need to raise up a
million people in this country to go
against the government and then surely
they'll listen to the people and not
their special interest groups after
speaking with dr. my vidya seems that as
is par for the course the virtue of
signaling government in Ottawa seems
committed on dividing Canadians and
creating controversy where acrimony
never existed before but the Trudeau
Liberals do have a fight on their hands
and it's a fight that might very well go
all the way
the Supreme Court for the Rebel dot
media I'm David the men's I'd Menzies
hey folks if you like that report please
consider becoming a premium subscriber
and never miss another rebel video
you
