dictatorships are real and they're not
just ancient history
I'm the child of parents who escaped a
communist Stalinist dictatorship the
Republic of Hungary my father the age of
24 resisting communism was put in a
political prison and given a life
sentence after having being tortured by
the secret police that was decades ago
but dictatorship still exists and one of
them is the dictatorship of North Korea
this is a country that is more Stalinist
than even Joseph Stalin's original
Soviet Union but nevertheless the left
celebrates this dictatorship during the
Olympics in Korea the left-wing media
the Washington Post and CNN have been
celebrating the sister of the dictator
kim jeong-hoon his sister kim yo-jong is
the deputy director but really the
director of propaganda for the North
Korean communist regime and because vice
president pence refused to shake her
hand and sat sternly on the same podium
with her as she beamed at the cameras
the cnn's of the world in the washington
post's have been celebrating her style
and just how impressive she is this is
the woman who is the sister of the man
that runs North Korea a country that has
labor camps a country where a large
proportion of the population estimates
exceed 10 million are on the brink of
starvation because of that regime's
mismanagement and its political control
of the economy a regime where you can be
imprisoned tortured
and killed if you have political views
that disagree with the Communist Party
Central Committee this harkens back to
the bad old days of the 1920s and 30s
when Walter durante of the New York
Times sang the praises of the Soviet
Union and the wonderful paradise that
was socialism we knew that this was a
lie especially by the end of the Cold
War but to celebrate this regime and to
celebrate this woman who is part of that
regime in contrast to Vice President
Mike Pence who is perhaps one of the
most honorable men in America today and
definitely inside Washington politics is
obscene it speaks to a level of
sycophant ism for regimes that are
dictatorial that is beyond belief what
we should be celebrating our Koreans who
escaped that dictatorship like GCO ho
the man who drank Donald Trump's State
of the Union raised aloft his crutches
after he lost a leg in North Korea but
then escaped nevertheless walking
hundreds and thousands of miles to get
away from dictatorship remember people
risk their lives on made homemade rafts
escaping across minefields to come to
America not to go to places like North
Korea which are living hell evil exists
and North Korea is an evil regime
don't let the fake news industrial
complex get away with this perversion of
the truth push back and with us at rebel
media tell the truth god bless this is
Sebastian Gawker with the Gawker Bree
thanks for watching if you want to see
the rest of my videos please subscribe
to the rebel media YouTube channel and
don't forget to follow me on twitter at
said Gorka that's Seb Geor ka and if you
like this video please share it on
Facebook and Twitter because the fake
news industrial complex has been lying
for far too long and with your help we
can get
the truth out
