you guys are lucky I don't know how to
build a bomb because I would have done
that
Musa Jamal Hassan a Muslim student
allegedly told investigators Hassan
faces charges for trying to leave the
country to join al-qaeda trying to
recruit two classmates and setting fire
to nine university buildings including a
daycare center which contained 33 kids
but what delusional ramblings did she
tell investigators and how many years
can she face in prison let's find out
Nusa jamal hasan was a student at
minnesota catholic school st. Catharines
University where she majored in English
which is rather surprising giving her
fervent hatred for the United States
Hassan told authorities she set the
fires as her own jihad in retaliation
for the alleged misconduct of US
military forces in Muslim lands she
wanted them to kill innocent people
but sprinkler systems fortunately put
them out her son attempted to reach
Afghanistan last September to join
al-qaeda but got stopped in Dubai
because she lacked the visa to go for
any further
well visas don't stop illegal aliens
from working but I guess we should be
grateful that they at least stopped want
to be terrorists Hassan faces up to 48
years in prison and is being held on
bail of $100,000 but the Minneapolis
United States Attorney's Office says the
prospective jihadi presents an
extraordinary danger to the community
and a significant risk of flight and
therefore should remain in custody
pending trial
she'll be in court on February 28th but
let's hear what a st. Catharines
University student has to say admission
wanting to have your voice heard but
that's definitely not the right way to
do it and the fact that she did like say
she intended to hurt people I think
that's not not the right way to go about
it oh you think that's not the right way
to go about it huh either the left is so
heavily stigmatized critique of radical
Islam that this meek little whimper is
all we're gonna get or this is a
pernicious ginger just as intent at
bringing down American society as Hassan
but seriously there should be no problem
condemning this attempted terrorism in
the ideology that gave rise to it now
let's hear what st. Catharines and its
president had to say the school said we
are shocked and saddened by the reported
statements made by newsa Hassan in
addition to my sadness I have a
tremendous amount of gratitude knowing
that all of our students faculty staff
and other community members are safe
said Becky Roloff st. Catharines
president we are proud to be an open and
welcoming University that embraces
diversity as such we strongly believe
that one person does not represent an
entire group and we deeply value all
Muslim members of our community
don't be so basic Becky no one's saying
Hassan represents all Muslims the lesson
here is that she represents a
disproportionate number
the group honestly this reeks the same
approach to Paris Orlando it's always
terror attack virtue signal with a
hashtag or Facebook filter forget then
another terror attack rinse and repeat
will it ever get old for campus unmasked
I'm Rob trim shock if you like this
video and support our mission please
make sure to comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
