Cavanaugh says he was a virgin in high
school and I'm sure in his mind this is
saying he was naive or that he wasn't
sexual in nature but subconsciously this
is the toxic masculinity at play he's
saying back then he couldn't have
assaulted her he wasn't man enough
that was a Georgia professor's hot take
on Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh
you just can't win with these people
let's take a look
so that woke take claiming that
Cavanaugh saying he was a virgin somehow
suggests that he wasn't man enough to
commit sexual assault came from Georgia
Southern University professor Jarod
Yates Sexton who shocker
also covers politics for salon think
about the mental gymnastics it takes to
reach that kind of conclusion Jerrod
also said Cavanaugh has to go pull back
the nomination in name some other
right-wing creep obsessed with
overturning roe v-- wade roe v-- wade
you know the abortion decision with
which presumably only half of women
agree I mean the latest Gallup figures
show that men support abortion in some
situations at a higher percentage than
do women but Jared wasn't the only
professor tweeting words of wisdom
Georgetown professor Christine fair
slammed mail Pro Cavanaugh senators or
maybe mail commenters supporting the
nominee saying look at this course of
entitled white men justifying a serial
rapist arrogated entitlement all of them
deserve miserable deaths while feminists
laugh as they take their last gasps
bonus we castrate their corpses and feed
them to swine yes and when discussing
Cavanaugh's friend mark judge whom
Christine Ford said was present when the
Supreme Court nominee allegedly
assaulted her fair said his rapey ass
needs to be subpoenaed
I hope the VG GOP realizes how
completely not normal this looks for a
non rapey person to refuse to testify
about a rape attempt that was never
attempted hashtag not fucking normal
hashtag what is he hiding now in case
you couldn't tell from the baseless
smears coming out of her potty mouth
Chris
isn't the most normal person herself and
one look at her Twitter profile in
banner shows that she certainly isn't
hiding anything then of course there was
Rutgers professor Brittany Cooper who
said Kavanagh was being a total jerk
characterized his very passionate
testimony Thursday as a whole meltdown
and yes accused him of that dreaded
mansplaining B's the expression just to
let you know isn't a colloquialism or
anything but actually a swipe at
Feinstein for not having XY chromosomes
don't you know and O Canada don't think
I'm leaving you out of this University
of New Brunswick professor Matthew Sears
said for those who argue that the
Cavanaugh's of the world deserve due
process consider that the whole point is
that they have always benefited from the
due process that they themselves create
and perpetuate for their own benefit
while excluding others from that process
it'll come as no surprise that Sears
doesn't seem to have elaborated on when
exactly Kavanagh has denied others due
process Sears finished with this gem in
the u.s. believing women and caring
whether or not one of the most powerful
people in the country might be a sexual
predator is a partisan issue which tells
you a whole hell of a lot
finally Matthew gets something right yes
uncritically listening and believing has
become a partisan issue for campus
unmasked I'm Rob trim shock if you like
this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
