Canada's Environment Minister Catherine
McKenna thinks the Winter Olympics are
being held in North Korea and then they
wonder why I call her climate Barbie it
looks like that ongoing mainstream media
Charmin propaganda offensive on behalf
of the North Korean regime is working
and working a little too well I'm sure
you've seen all the headlines
The Washington Post called the evil
little sister of Kim jong-un the Ivanka
Trump of North Korea captivating the
people in the South that is one heck of
an interesting choice of words right
there captivating considering the people
of North Korea are literal captives of
their own government
here's CNN saying that Kim Jong Un's
sister was stealing the show at the
Olympics and The Daily Beast because of
course The Daily Beast says Kim Jong
Un's little sister steals Penta thunder
and Trump's Trump at least in Seoul they
even called her a luminary which really
is is the second most powerful person
outside of the Supreme Leader she's the
head of the censorship and propaganda
arm of the North Korean government and
with the way the mainstream media and
Western liberals are reacting she's
doing one hell of a good job at
propaganda because it would appear that
Canada's Environment Minister Catherine
McKenna has been so charmed swayed and
persuaded by the propaganda that she now
thinks the Winter Olympics are being
held not in Pyeongchang South Korea but
instead in Pyongyang North Korea McKenna
tweeted this gem right here test
question to all the Canadians watching
the Olympics which Canadian MPs and
Senators were also Olympians hashtag
Team Canada hashtag Pyongyang 2018
except Pyongyang is in North Korea
Pyeongchang is in South Korea where the
Olympics actually are being held and
where the Canadian government has spent
millions of dollars to send our athletes
to I think there's a sort of wonderful
irony that they can't exposed yourself
as
geographically challenged in a tweet
where she was just trying so darn hard
to seem smarter than the rest of us with
her little trivia challenge and I would
think that someone who was as
well-traveled as McKenna is would know
better but as we all know this isn't the
first time that Catherine McKenna has
driven her Twitter account right into
the ditch there was that time when she
tweeted out a video of a puffin to
celebrate world penguin day remember
this is someone who routinely lectures
the rest of Canada on her version of
science yet she doesn't know the
difference between two different species
of birds there was also that time when
the Environment Ministry was pranked on
Twitter by a genius named Alan in
Saskatchewan with a ridiculous
suggestion to fight climate change just
turn off your security lighting McKenna
tweeted a very nicely done graphic
featuring Alan's suggestion that studies
show so-called security lighting does
not reduce crime it's time to put an end
to insecurity lights so we can have a
brighter future Wow it was then when we
were looking into how that stupid tweet
even happened that we discovered McKenna
has a taxpayer-funded
army of staff dedicated to screening and
planning her ministerial tweets nearly
two dozen people there was at time
McKenna tweeted praise at Syria for
their commitment to climate change she
tweeted Canada salutes Nicaragua and
Syria for joining onto the Paris
agreement global climate action cop 23
yeah that's something you tweet when
you're more annoyed with someone else's
SUV than you are with chemical weapons
and sarin gas being used on innocent
children
now McKenna deleted that tweet and then
she threw her staff under the bus
blaming them for heaping praise upon a
dictator all twenty-something of her
staff and last week she went on CTV News
and made the suggestion that oil and gas
workers earning a living in remote
communities could pose a danger to the
women they're just watch this
gender impact how does that fit into a
pipelined approval process so I'm really
glad you asked that because I think
people are like well what is this
gendered thing well imagine that you
were you have a huge number of people
going to a remote community many men
what is the impact on the community what
is the impact on women in the community
and actually once again smart proponents
understand this so they're going to put
measures in place that's all it is it's
just taking a smart approach to thinking
about okay what's gonna be the impact of
a major development in a particular area
okay that's interesting all right
McKenna
routinely invokes Holocaust denial
language to scold her political
adversaries as ignorant backwards rubes
yet she doesn't know the difference
between a hermit nation that operates as
a prison camp state and the free liberal
and innovative country of South Korea
she's a quota higher in a job she's not
fit to do appointed because of the Prime
Minister's ongoing desire to be the
leader of some global feminist cabal
she's Katherine Mick Koda and she's
embarrassing Canada again by saying
something moronic on Twitter and you
just know true to form she'll know don't
blame all the snarky and well-deserved
criticism on sexism instead of her own
vast ineptitude the way she always does
I call McKenna climate Barbie I gave her
that name and she needs to quit giving
my male colleagues all the credit for it
I think that's bad feminism and I say
climate Barbie not because I hate women
and certainly not because I care that
she has blonde hair as she has suggested
in interviews and to suggest as such is
as dumb as anything that warbles out of
McKenna's mouth or rolls off the end of
her fingers onto her hot mess of a
Twitter account I will continue to call
her climate Barbie because McKenna is a
plastic parody of a politician playing
dress-up as a competent individual and
she is failing miserably for the rebel
media I'm Shiela gunnery are you like me
do you absolutely live on your phone
well then do I have some great news for
you because life just got a little
easier we just launched a brand new
rebel mobile app it's a
available on the Google Play Store or on
the Apple App Store download it try it
out and take the other side of the story
with you wherever you go
you
