okay so this story is so insane how do
you know where to start
I'm just gonna tell you someone to stop
and give my opinions on it try to erase
yourself this is a weird one Quentin
Tarantino is the latest Hollywood
powerhouse to be drug under the piercing
spotlight and interrogation of the media
I'm Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood
the master of tension in Hollywood Gore
is facing some serious backlash from
comments director practices and not
doing more about Harvey Weinstein
because he said he feared backlash for
his career oh well that excuse worked
now Quinn's finally being talked about
because uma brought up an account of her
on killed bill where she's driving a car
and she crashed and she claimed that he
made her do it that's not the worst part
of this story my giving the worst part
first so I'll make the absolute sludge
radio podcast show that Howard Stern
used to do in the early 2000s Quinn
Tarantino came on talking about Roman
Polanski now Rome plants he is a guy
convicted of drugging and raping a 14
year old girl Quinn went on there saying
oh no she wanted because they did date
in the past and she's been hanging
around him for a long time and the girls
since they were dating and knew about it
wanted it to happen oh boy nah didn't
know how much relationship they had
before this horrible horrible event
happened but my first thought was where
were these parents that allowed this to
happen and second was Quentin Tarantino
is a garbage human being for saying that
and I have no idea what's gonna happen
to him after this interview was
rediscovered my second thought was oh my
goodness every director and actor that
was on Howard Stern Show they always
talked about terrible
Ted awful things and now they're gonna
comb through those and so many people
are gonna get in trouble you know I
think that is the absolute worst part of
the story but let's get back to why this
was discovered the first place but with
Herman dug up the footage of her driving
a car and killed bill where she was in a
car accident she says I Quentin
Tarantino was really upset that she
didn't want to drive the car because he
gave me this shot and want to be done
properly now obviously it's traumatic
when anyone gets hurt on set but this
happens all the time in keeping my
Quentin Tarantino didn't say he's gonna
fire or anything like that was gonna
happen he was just upset wandering
throughout the car and she's like she
was coerced into it fair enough but
Quentin as the director and writer of
this has every right to be upset if he
can't get the shot he wants and like I
said this does happen all the time ask
Jackie Chang how many times these broken
bones onset or semester Stallone getting
punched in the chest by Ivan Drago
forcing him to be airless to hospital
because it's harsh hit another fun fact
Brad Pitt actually tore his Achilles
while he was playing
Chili's in the movie Troy let me just as
an actor it's a very complex
relationship with the actor and director
like they both want to have a vision for
the movie and there's also battle back
and forth it's just a really complex
relationship now the most interesting
part about this story though is what
happened next
reporters brought up two different
instances on Kill Bill where Emma Severn
was spit on the face by Quentin
Tarantino and Huma Thurmond when she's
being choked by a chain saying that this
is misogynist is abusive and brought
some complaints towards quitting about
it but matheran was not the one that
actually made his complaints these were
just reporters that saw this and brought
the complaints directly to Clinton now
for those of you who don't know actors
will do crazy things to get the shot
they want to make it realistic I even
lived as a homeless man okay backers
just do crazy things to get in these
roles could the shot done right and
Quinn says he discussed this with luma
Thurman when they're doing the spitting
scenes they throw stuff on her and
didn't look right and then finally she's
like yeah let's just do it just do three
takes of this and we'll be done they got
the shot it look really realistic and
completely gross the chain scene was
also really interesting because they
want to show Huma Thurman being like a
basically abused on set and being choked
out but she also agreed to it they she
said they wanted the choking to look
real and the veins be bulging she did it
for about 20 seconds took breaks and
then they got the shot they needed now
keep in mind in this movie uma Thurman
completely destroys and ravages about a
hundred men this is the whole thing the
arms flying abuse everywhere but they
were focus was one specific shot saying
this was somehow awful you weren't even
complain something with her and brought
up she's an actress also talked with
Quentin and agreed to do these scenes it
just really shows the complex Ness of
Hollywood right now you have a director
and creator that obviously said and did
some pretty awful things you have an
actress that was upset that some things
happened and then you have a media
bringing up stuff that was never even
complained about to start up drama and
controversy in Hollywood in the end it's
complex mess of a situation and I'm sure
this is just a sign of more things to
come Oh a typical Tuesday in LA I'm Ben
Davies this is pure olive oil and
another fantastic news you can now
download the rebel up and take me with
you wherever you go to get exclusive
content and the entire rebel lineup
you
