I knew anyone willing to talk you can't
Nancy please go I'm a Nazi in the last
few weeks Germany has been rocked by
rapes and murders of its people by
migrants welcomed in by Angela Merkel
and the media tries to suppress this in
coitus after going to many cities and
speaking to the German people they're
scared it's good to lose their jobs free
think showing their political opinions
it's the same all over but the
difference is in East Germany because
Germany suffered under communism they
understand what it's like not to have
freedom they understand what it's like
to fight for their freedom that the
slogan and the motto when they when they
brought down communism as people walk
they walked like this they've done this
they walked silently and the slogan was
v as in this Volk we are the people
you'll hear that phrase coming from the
demonstration when we get there these
people understand I remember speaking to
an elderly gentleman and he said we know
what this is we've seen a totalitarian
ideology before we know what it's like
not to be able to speak you can't say
that you'll lose your job you'll lose
your job
they said we saw that with communism now
we see it with Islam this has been
forced upon the German people there's
thousands if not tens of thousands here
every Monday night they're marching
because they see their country at risk
they see their future at risk one of the
slogans I heard earlier was country
tradition multiculturalism is a dead end
they're right they feel their whole
identity is at risk and it's encouraging
to come here from the UK to see the
resistance on the streets of Germany the
British media won't show you this that
put tens of thousands of people March
every single week they don't want you to
know that and you should know that
because you should get inspiration from
the fact that across Europe people are
standing up people are standing up
across Europe and I see Germany being
the catalyst for the European movement
what's gonna happen I always say that no
one knows at the moment that's going to
change Europe there's going to be a
defining moment in our history that
changes the path we're going down I
think that moments going to come in this
country
hopefully involving looks did you
actually know that today's our very
historical day for the eastern German
people you know don't you don't know
what's today that's a special day for
the eastern German people because today
right on the day the wall exists it for
28 years
and exactly today it is down for 28
years so and the same happens again they
are actually screaming now no Claire's
to go Merkel away Merkel Merkel must go
Merkel must go but I always tell the
people then when they scream that I
always say to them not just Merkel to
hold government to hold government
twaimz
that's that's basically cleanup that's
what I scream as well as a young star
how old was you that when the wall come
down 16 and you was involved in trying
to bring that down I wasn't involved
because the whole crowd of these young
people I brought them because we met
always Mondays and I brought them to get
to the central railway station where the
big demonstrations happened and I bought
them there that's why there I got
arrested just a couple of days but it
was still enough it's 16 year was a
child I didn't even know what they want
from me because I just want to go there
for freedom for the freedom of speech
and to can travel wherever I want
because we've been living behind a Iron
Curtain so we brought it down
Vanita finish like shuttle might be a
nice thing boy
because now he's 20 Levinson I'm eight
and Tamiya and the young boy whose face
was slashed where my fatigue purpose and
the ongoing violence against that
beautiful city the people are decent and
they hard-working they've been betrayed
by the government that has lost touch
with his nation
great strength and resilience of the
German people is the inherent right of
the world you are the trimmer a sense of
a unified police - earthquake and the
leaders will feel it beneath their feet
we are the people beyond sentence
I don't
this is the ante for demonstration
there's literally but behind those big
sheets there's 19 people
where were you realize you're on the
wrong side guys can I just say no no no
okay
so what you don't can you not put your
argument across any better than that
let's talk about your argument you
obviously have a problem that's why
you're here what is that is that as good
as it gets
let's let's talk dialogue look at this
some will you talk you speak you've come
out tonight there's not that there's
what 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15
16 17 18 19 20 a scale you're very angry
you're very angry
come and talk do you understand that you
you also do you I'm a journalist yeah I
know okay so you can't not see please go
I'm a Nazi how I explain how I'm an
Aussie
please go why my Nazi please go I do not
want to have you year we're in a free
society yeah I know you don't like free
societies we're in it for a free society
oh I'm asking you a question how am I
not see first how am I not see I have no
now you have no argument you call
everyone what is wrong with these people
if you have an argument no cut them so
sorry officer
so are you willing to ask a question
excuse me no you're not willing to talk
unbelievable
not not one person here wants to defend
why they're here no a little more
distance okay is anyone willing to talk
can we talk can we speak with anyone
speak hi will anyone speak anyone
I try to get in it we tried again
you
