well the little Titan of comedy movie
blockbusters Kevin Hart is back with his
new movie night school and with all the
drama this summer on the big screen and
in the real world we could really use a
laugh so there's one of Hollywood's most
bankable stars deliver and it's this
movie actually pro-capitalist an anti
victim I mean maybe I'm Ben Davies this
is pure Hollywood
kevin hart has been something of a
juggernaut in hollywood coming off the
smash hit Jumanji last year and
everyone's been looking forward to the
next one and that's all well and good
but how does this movie stack up to
other comedies in a time when we
desperately need one as a viewer I give
night school a three out of five this
movies stupid I mean really stupid like
more slapstick than I thought however it
does have its moments of hilarious
comedy and is surprising Kevin Hart
gives another hilarious performance
playing himself which is what he does in
literally every single movie and Tiffany
Haddish was also good though I do think
she was outshine by some of the other
supporting characters in the movie and
there are also a few emotional moments
in the movie that did land so sprinkle
that in with some comedy and suspense
and it's fun pretty much the whole time
as a critic I give night school a 3 out
of 5 this is surprising for a comedy
giving the critic review as high as the
viewer review and the reason for this
was the characters the themes in the
comedy throughout it now a few spoilers
ahead now the characters were absolute
caricatures from the beginning
particularly the white Christian mother
who of course had kids too early who
absolutely hates them now and hates her
husband employing of course I should
have aborted that baby and joined the
workforce
however this movie does not take that
lazy goal and plotline and fortunately
just like the other characters they are
all redeemable in some way for example I
thought the Christian mother's Ark would
be divorcing her husband and being a CEO
and activist at the end of the movie but
no through her work at the night school
she develops more confidence and their
marriage heals and they live happily
ever after together with the kids and
this is someone for other characters in
the movie now the comedy was also
balanced of course there were some Trump
jokes and Republican jokes in the movie
however there were also plenty of jokes
about racism and people complaining
about being victims even Kevin Hart
saying he couldn't pass the test because
they're obviously they're slanted and
geared towards white people so he's
gonna go fight the man I'd be an
activist my faith in values is a 3 out
of 5 and this is not because the movie
is clean literally I have no idea how I
got a pg-13 they had to dub in over
people's voices to change certain lines
to get it under that our rating however
this movie really does promote hard work
over being a victim in a time that
really surprised me so kudos to you
Kevin Hart in the beginning Kevin Hart
just plays the victim card and used that
an excuse constantly however he still
works at many jobs and now must pass
this test and he fails multiple times
even when his classmates all pass he
fails but he keeps trying again and
again and again and after dozens of
attempts he finally does and really I
appreciate it not having the theme of oh
my gosh we're all oppressed because
all these people are doing these things
against us no it's just do the work get
the job done you're fine get over it do
the work don't be a coward it's
basically the same there was also no
cheating or divorce promoted or shown on
screen which I actually really
appreciated so if you enjoy Kevin Hart's
comedy movies and you need a change of
pace while the drama's release this
summer go check out night school it's a
pretty decent ride I'm Ben Davies this
is pure Hollywood and another fantastic
news you can now download the rebel and
take me with you wherever you go to get
exclusive content in the entire rebel
lineup
you
