the marijuana industry is all about
white privilege
who knew last once again when it comes
to the left everything and I mean
everything is about race even when it
isn't like most major cities in North
America Toronto is home to a free so
called alternative weekly newspaper
called Now magazine it serves as a
playbook for the social justice warrior
set for the rest of us
now's newsprint makes for superb budgie
cage lining the latest affront according
to now is the number of white males and
the cannabis business apparently being
white as bad and being male as bad but
being both white and male well that's
truly horrid here's what writer Lisa
Campbell notes with regard to the
domestic wacky tabacky business quote
when it comes to racial diversity the
numbers are even more shocking almost
all of the country's 80 plus licensed
producers are run by white dudes the
reality is that licensed producers push
diversity as a marketing tool but don't
walk the walk end quote
now then the article goes on to profile
several women and people of color who
are in the marijuana business no issue
there
cannabis is going to be fully legal soon
and everyone has a right to make a
living but why does Campbell have to
couch an article about diversity in such
bitterness the way she spits out white
dudes like it's a pejorative term now
I've never partaking in marijuana heck
I've never even had a cigarette you're
looking at a real square here folks but
when I think of marijuana
I don't necessarily think of whiteness
in fact when I think of the nation most
closely associated with cannabis it's
this place
come get some Jimmy and when I think of
the two biggest pop culture icons linked
to marijuana its these guys yeah not
exactly Snow White and the Seven Royal
Canadian Caucasian yachtsman is it not
to be outdone on the marijuana and race
file Shri Herod car also chronicles this
subject in the Toronto Star in a truly
bizarre column entitled a reckoning on
black people and marijuana is a long
time coming
shreya according to her bio writes about
discrimination and identity anyway she
wants the government to pass blanket
amnesty for all passed marijuana crimes
her rationale for this amnesty a
disproportionate number of folks who
have criminal records due to cannabis
possession are black what's more these
folks have the grassroots know-how of
how to run the marijuana business and
who could become contributing members of
society gee I guess those criminal
records are preventing these ex-cons
from getting jobs at the LCBO the liquor
and cannabis bureaucracy of in Theriot
which will be selling this stuff once
it's legalized but for anyone who was
selling a substance when it was still
illegal sorry you knew the risks at any
event because this is the Toronto Red
Star here shree doesn't miss a chance to
also channel anti-americanism in her
cannabis and race rent check out this
pithy prose quote even the usage of the
word marijuana which comes from Mexico
came into being during the Prohibition
era to warn off Americans by appealing
to their xenophobic sensibilities with
the suggestion that it could lead to an
intermingling of the races end quote wow
talk about reefer madness
what is sri powered car smoking anyway
when she Sobers up someone oughta tell
Sheree and her colleague at now magazine
that if everything is racist including
the impending legalization of pot then
nothing is racist for the rabble dot
media I'm David the men's ID Menzies hey
folks if you like that rent please
consider becoming a premium rebel
subscriber and never miss another rebel
video
you
