those were students at San Francisco
State University
protesting Jerusalem mayor near bark at
rated the number 10 worst school for
Jewish students by the alder Manor San
Francisco State also partnered with a
Palestinian college that supports jihad
and banned a Jewish Hallel group from
taking part in a school fair two of the
students from that group are suing the
university for what they call a long and
documented history of institutionalized
anti-semitism the lawsuit alleges SFSU
Jewish students face displays and events
on campus that equate lling with Nazis
and baby murderers deprivation of their
rights to speak listen and assemble
threats harassment intimidation and
bullying the two plaintiffs Jewish
students Charles Volk and Liam Kern
describe a February 2017 situation in
which university administrators and
student officials allegedly banned them
in their group from a social justice
fair that was ironically about the
oppression of minorities SFSU president
les Wong issued a statement condemning
both anti-semitism and Islamophobia it's
not clear where that second one came
from and said the school would
investigate Hill ELLs exclusion from the
event an investigation which ultimately
showed the Jewish students had been
unfairly excluded from the event a year
before that SFSU students shut down a
speech by Jerusalem mayor near bark at
in case you couldn't tell by its name
San Francisco State University isn't
exactly a stranger so left-wing lunacy
this is the same school at which
students refused to eat until the
university gave eight million dollars to
its college of ethnic studies
oh no who will eat the soy shakes and
vegan chocolate chip cookies and the
same place a black student accosted a
white student who dared to wear
dreadlocks
hairstyle because your culture
after the Jewish student group got
banned from the social justice event San
Francisco State University announced its
creating a task force on campus climate
and hiring an assistant vice president
for equity and community inclusion
because if there's one thing the school
definitely needs it's more social
justice initiatives that need to find
bigotry and anything and everything to
justify the hundreds of thousands in
student and taxpayer dollars they guzzle
up for campus unmasked I'm rubbish in
shock if you like this video and support
our mission please make sure to comment
and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
you
you
