so I really wanted to show you what
women that are feeling strong and
empowered are doing about life here in
South Africa on farms it isn't a case of
being resigned to something it's much
more a case of being ready about
something and and ready for something
and having just spoken to these two
brilliant ladies both of whom are wives
on farms now they've decided to do a
short refresher in some of their
training so they're able to use their
pistols they're able to fire them
they're able to work their weapons and
they're not there's no intention to go
out to harm anyone they're saying if you
come to me I will be ready and I think
that's a truly powerful thing load make
ready and then just go for it
what you're gonna do now it's just a
simple draw is just going to stand pick
up t-shirts drop pick up t-shirts now
we're gonna do it the same job just
faster as quick as possible pick it up
t-shirts to to drop the gun
very good
all right girls thank you very much for
a great day to arrange no serious
injuries and nice exercises thank you
I think watching these strong women work
out how not to be resigned to the stuff
coming to their farm but be ready the
stuff coming to the farm I think that's
a truly powerful thing and I think it
puts Western feminists to shame join me
as I find more strong women in South
Africa a Hopkins worldcom
