question how many politically correct
spine challenge counselors reside upon
Halifax City Council the answer 12 the
same Dirty Dozen that shamefully voted
to remove a statue of Edward Cornwallis
the city's founder from a local park
well Joseph Stalin would have been proud
the other day a crane rolled into a
Halifax Park and removed the statue of
Edward Cornwallis OLED was then strapped
to a flatbed truck and whisked off to a
storage unit where it will never be seen
again unless of course the statue
emerges as some sort of booby prize on a
future episode of storage wars
Cornwallis has now statue non grata
thanks to protesters who say that
Cornwallis headed up a so-called
scalping Proclamation in which he
offered a cash bounty to any one who
killed a Mick ma native now according to
a CBC report the eradication of this
statue will make for a awesome step
toward reconciliation at least in the
eyes of Rebecca Moore a member of pictu
Landing First Nation but will it really
does the absence of a statue actually
change anything for First Nations people
the problem with historical revisionism
is that it's so easy to be righteous
when using the lens of 20/20 hindsight
but the fact is when Canada was
originally colonized by the English and
the French there were wars with Indian
tribes it was a bloody period to be sure
but the sanitized for your protection
removal of a statue doesn't change that
history and there was so much more to
Edward Cornwallis than warring with the
mick MA including the fact that he was
the founder of the city of Halifax
how tragic once upon a time we could
approach history with critical analysis
and open debate as opposed to embracing
the tyranny of censorship yes as the
cliche goes history is indeed written by
the victors but when it comes to
revisionism what about those inherent so
called teachable moments you know what
about a Frank and open discussion about
those we choose to immortalize as
statues as opposed to hiding the statues
away for fear of someone becoming
triggered due to a changing political
landscape if that's too outrageous an
idea for 2018 then in the department of
inference
pound Halifax City Council should move
forward with a proposal to demolish the
city as in all of it no seriously this
city now undoubtedly occupies former
native land founded by a man who
advocated for the murder of natives
so goodbye Citadel Hill adios Maritime
Museum of the Atlantic it was nice to
know you how the facts public gardens
all these edifices surely exist as
stains harkening back to the brutal and
bloody history of the real estate now
known as Halifax you know a century ago
Halifax was almost wiped off the map due
to a catastrophic explosion of two ships
in its harbour an estimated 2,000 people
died on that day in 1917 but these days
the people of Halifax need not worry
about steamships transporting deadly
cargo rather their concern should be
with their own elected representatives
the majority of whom so willingly bend
to the whims and desires a politically
correct squeaky wheels for the rebel dot
media I'm David the men's Wade Menzies
hey folks if you like that rant please
consider becoming a premium subscriber
and never miss another rebel video
you
