the Prime Minister scolds a woman for
using words not approved by the Liberal
Party of Canada while liberal party
staffers troll LinkedIn for the ladies
is this how feminism works I don't think
we can hug it out this time
Miriam Binney was looking for work in
May 2016
when a staffer of liberal Minister
Bardis chugger approached her on
LinkedIn and then again on Facebook
Denis said she sent the staffer a man
named Vahid Vida her resume to his
government email address and then the
two met for breakfast at a restaurant to
discuss the position she said during
this first meeting Vita placed his hand
on her thigh and advised her that she
should turn her bikini photos on her
Facebook account to a private setting
and he complimented her on her body so
he had routed through her Facebook like
a truffle pig it's strange but yeah it
happens then a couple of months later
after hearing nothing back from the
Liberal Party they met again for coffee
ostensibly to discuss the position she
was applying for the conversation took a
turn for the personal when invited
discussed his sex life but she brushed
it off
Denis reported that she had subsequent
telephone interviews including one with
Claude éric gagné from the Prime
Minister's Office Denis didn't get the
job and she also then reported the
interactions with Vida to chuggers
office who said vito was never
authorized to screen for any sort of
employment okay that's weird
and very inappropriate for sure then
nearly a year later Claude éric gagné
reached out to her on Facebook he said
that although he doesn't normally do
these sorts of things she was just so
pretty that he couldn't resist and he
couldn't control himself and then Gagne
asked her where she lived
she told him but then she stopped
replying to him which was a pretty smart
move if you ask me
Gagne has subsequently been turfed from
the Prime Minister's office so for
sexual harassment allegations now we
don't know if those are related to this
incident or not and vitae well he's gone
from chagas office to now when Denis
spoke out on Facebook about the whole
mess someone named Bret almond from the
prime minister's office reached out to
her for more details now this is weird
because the Prime Minister has
repeatedly stated that an independent
investigation into misconduct was being
conducted by a law firm not his own HR
department now let's go back to the
liberal LinkedIn troll Vita you know he
doesn't deny the story at all he just
says that he did touch the woman's
shoulder or leg but it maybe wasn't in a
sexual manner he could be just a touchy
open guy and really this touchy grabby
act with women is one the Prime Minister
himself uses all the time I think it's
wildly inappropriate no matter who does
it
vitae though could just be reflecting
the culture of oversharing and over
touching the Prime Minister is growing
in the Liberal Party of Canada
unfortunately vitae just doesn't have
the profile in Liberal pedigree to use
it with any real success the Prime
Minister touches any woman or any man
for that matter who gets near him the
pictures of the prime minister engaged
in long and overly intimate embraces and
weird eye gazes with strangers people he
knows work colleagues work colleagues
spouses world leaders royalty their
endless and I don't think it's very
feminist for the Prime Minister to use
this Hoggy weirdness to disarm women who
are trying to make an emotional
criticism of him remember the woman who
confronted Justin Trudeau over the cost
of her electricity bill just watch
entirely
the Prime Minister hugged her to shut
her up it sort of worked the media
stories were of Trudeau's empathy for
her not the energy poverty liberal
policies have plunged that poor woman
into and when the Prime Minister finally
encountered a woman that he couldn't
shut down with a warm embrace and a
weird gaze into her eyes he did
something to left likes to call
mansplaining just watched this grotesque
dismissal of this woman at a recent town
hall here so that's why we came here
today to ask you to also look into the
policies that religious charitable
organisations have in our legislation so
that it can also be changed because
maternal love is the love that's going
to change the future of mankind so we'd
like you to look we would like to say
people kind not necessarily mankind that
was so ridiculous I actually thought it
was dubbed or edited but it wasn't
people kind sure you know who didn't get
a weird hug from the Prime Minister
though corporal rock last check just
watch nobody forced me to join the
military I was prepared to be killed in
action what I wasn't prepared for mr.
prime minister is Canada how turning its
back on me
so which veteran was it that you were
talking about thank you for having the
courage to stand here and thank you for
listening to my answer on a couple of
elements you brought up and first of all
why are we still fighting against
certain veterans groups in court because
they are asking for more than we are
able to give right now okay that was a
very rare smart move by the prime
minister not getting handsy with that
fella there let me just say though that
there is so much of this me too and
times up stuff that is a complete and
utter witch hunt mixed in with real
allegations of actual harassment sleazy
behavior and horrible sexual assault are
the awkward interactions between men and
women that make up humanity's often
strange and difficult heterosexual
mating dance rife with heartbreaking
rejection strange pickup lines and
uncomfortable endings to dates and we do
victims a real disservice when we
conflate the two and I'm not conflating
the two but the Liberals often are they
are the people of microaggressions who
constantly lecture us on words that may
or may not be sexist in racist despite
these words being part of polite
parlance since well forever the left
started this witch-hunt they picked up
the torches and the pitchforks first
sometimes rightly sometimes wrongly but
the left kept lowering the bar and
lowering the bar of what constitutes
harassment and assault now the Liberals
get to take their turn at being the
Frankenstein monster that everybody
wants to run out of town and they can
use their own pitchforks and torches to
do it and maybe just maybe if they get a
taste of how ridiculous their own rules
are they might just pump the brakes and
change them a little bit of course that
last part is complete wishful thinking
on my behalf we learned through this
latest allegation about Vahid vitae that
the Prime Minister's office literally
has a Special Investigations Unit to
deal with allegations of sexual
harassment now given the fact that there
have been at least
six alleged instances of sexual
harassment in the liberal party that we
know of
Kent hair dharshan kang hunter - -
claude éric gagné Scott Andrews and
Massimo Pichette II it's quite possible
the Liberals really do have that much of
a problem with rape culture or it could
be that they're just considering
literally everything to be sexual
harassment but either way it's really
really bad for everyone involved at the
end of the day the liberals get to
either be hypocrites or hyperbolic
inflaters and I'll let them choose which
one they want to be and I'm learning
that it's possibly time to be very very
skeptical of men who literally won't
shut up about what feminists they are
for the rebel media I'm Sheila Gunn read
did you know that I have my own show
here on the rebel it's called the gun
show and we deal with issues facing
Alberta and the rest of the entire
country - you never miss an episode of
my show and to get access to all of our
amazing premium content become a rebel
subscriber today
you
