it's when you thought they couldn't
stoop any lower
CNN steps up and says hold our beer
Sheldon does a day go by when I don't
beat up CNN for their bias I mean they
make it really easy with guys like Jim
Acosta Jake Tapper and brian Stelter my
favorite is that brian Stelter a guy who
uses nothing but anonymous sources host
a show called reliable sources but every
now and again CNN does something that's
particularly egregious and so is the
case with an announcement they made this
morning something that my sources told
me last week was gonna happen something
that I tweeted about over the last
couple of days and that's the hiring of
a guy named Josh Campbell as a new law
enforcement analyst well why is it
important that CNN hired a new law
enforcement analyst well typically it
wouldn't be we figured we'd get a guy
whose bias in favor of Democrats and
promoted CNN slant on issues pretending
to black lives matter and criminals and
criminal justice reform but gosh
Campbell is important because he was
James homies special assistant at the
FBI he was a go-to guy to fix problems
for Andrew McCabe well it sure looks
like CNN is making sure that Josh
Campbell James Comey former special
assistant at the FBI is now very cushy
cozy and comfortable as a law
enforcement analyst over there and it's
the feeling of people inside the bureau
that he really has one job the throw
shade or Comey mccabe and the FBI Comey
a mccabe now have an Inside Man at the
bureau somebody they could trust with
maybe classified information they have
hang playing around they've hung on to
that would be improper I'm not saying we
know they did hypotheticals but this is
why you would use a guy like that there
are still come--and McCabe allies inside
FBI Peter stroke and Lisa Paige they'll
have jobs there they still have allies
at DOJ now those people have someone
inside CNN to whom they can pass
information and the CNN bosses aren't
gonna question him they're not gonna say
who's the source let me say it they're
gonna say this guy was commies right
hand he was at the bureau for 12 years
in a senior role for most of those years
we believe him we hired him for this
reason but in reality they hired him
because he's ideologically aligned with
them and they're ideologically aligned
with Comey and McCain and this is where
the mainstream media breaks down this is
why the term fake news exists this is
why Americans mock and don't trust
outlets like CNN because they don't even
care anymore about the veneer of
objectivity about the veneer of honesty
they don't care anymore they've thrown
it away they're gonna tell you Josh
Campbell is objective and you're gonna
read everything else he's written and
you're gonna see all of the comments
that are gonna start to come out by
sources inside the FBI that say he's
anything but objective and CNN is gonna
mock you hey Jake Jake Tapper is gonna
go out there and tell you that it's
nonsensical and brian Stelter is gonna
mock you and Jim Acosta is gonna mock
you and Allison Camerata is gonna mock
you and they're gonna tell you don't
believe your own lyin eyes believe us at
CNN and this to me is particularly
reprehensible because they're now
justifying the corruption of a law
enforcement agency look I don't care who
the corrupt person is I don't care what
their politics are I have a political
bent I'm a conservative guy I advocate
for Republicans I advocate for
conservatives I'm a fan of this
president but let me tell you something
I don't care who the person is if that
person committed a crime I don't care if
that person were someone that I had
previously a hundred times on this show
defended and respected and advocated for
if that person committed a crime and the
evidence was overwhelming I'm gonna
objectively give you that evidence if
that person is convicted I'm gonna run
through why and why I felt it was right
if that if procedure was followed in
that case I might tell you wow I'm
incredibly disappointed that someone I
respect that admired supported bail so
far it's really disappointing to me I
thought they could do great things but
now they were convicted now we've got to
objectively tell the story of why and we
need to root out all of the corruption
around them CNN doesn't do that be a nun
only wants to do that on the part of the
Democrats they're fine when a guy like
Adam Schiff who's allegedly been leaking
classified information and now that's
coming out more every day well they're
fine when he gives him in oh they don't
want to look into his wrongdoing they
only want to look into it on the part of
the Republicans but this is particularly
dangerous because now homey and McCabe
can spread disinformation
bumbling things even more confusing
people even more and I think this was
highly unethical on the part of CNN if
you like this content I want to keep
bringing it to you please subscribe to
our premium service at wwww forward
slash goes you're already subscriber
thank you very very much and don't
forget to check out my new hour-long
show off-the-cuff Declassified thanks so
much for watching I'll be back with you
tomorrow
you
