but sorry I hate to say it our prime
minister Justin Trudeau I actually think
he's stupid listen to this so that's why
we came here today to ask you to also
look into the policies that religious
charitable organizations have in our
legislation so that it can also be
changed because maternal love is the
love that's going to change the future
of mankind so we'd like you to look we
would like to say people kind not
necessarily mankind what the person was
asked the question was a bit vague
talking about charities and churches and
maternal love perfect question for a
politician by the way you can really say
anything in response to it and sound
smart and compassionate I mean it was a
softball question but for some weird
reason Trudeau felt like before
answering he had to put that woman in
her place a bit he had to mansplain to
her a woman who was talking about
maternal love that she was being sexist
that we don't use the word man anymore
why did he feel he had to do that why
does he always feel the need to scold
Canadians to school the individual
Canadians or to scold all of us together
he always does it he says we're racist
or sexist or homophobic or Islamophobic
whatever it's not a sense of his own
modesty or humility or self-deprecation
he's never saying he's guilty of any of
those things only that we are and funny
enough he always puts himself forward as
the solution to our own moral flaws but
seriously in a town-hall meeting with a
lovely lady who had a question as gentle
as a lamb why the psychological
emotional need to put her down to
disparage her just a little bit to reset
the emotional balance of power before
answering
that's a manipulative trick to put
someone down like that I mean you're the
Prime Minister we we know you're more
powerful you're superior in every
measurable way socially politically why
did he feel the need to knock her down
to gently insult her to his disparage
her to tell her she's beneath him
morally but she was an emotional need
that
shocking actually a narcissism of vanity
no wonder the Chinese government and the
Iranian government who've been studying
diplomacy for millennia know exactly how
to manipulate Justin Trudeau but that's
an excerpt from my daily TV show the
Ezra Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
