this week celebrities were delirious but
Trump got serious the Grammys the State
of the Union address president Trump's
immigration proposal and more today on
the rebel buzz let's start with a light
topic for this weekend by light topic I
mean it had no impact on the lives of
practically anyone so this week's
Grammys served as the latest platform
for Hollywood pontification z' remember
that rundown that I gave you guys last
week of the typical Oscars programming
well it was pretty much the same at the
Grammys but trousered yay oh and Cher
honey a little tip you can't wear that
anymore
I don't even really know what you were
wearing but unless it's a tarp and
there's a tag on your toe you're
probably not dressed appropriately so
aside from the heinous wardrobe choices
the show turned political almost
immediately with celebrities like host
James Corden Paris Jackson she's the
weird little daughter of Michael Jackson
and Jennifer Lopez denigrating the
current state of affairs in this country
and of course President Trump in her
speech Jennifer Lopez said at this
particular point in history our voices
are needed more than ever this is
precisely the time when artists go to
work oh really
that's super rich coming from Jenny from
the block who's overpaid for what many
would consider a very cushy dream job
and just a little Hollywood sign note a
dear friend of mine is one of her ups
and she's a royal pain in the
bootylicious backside so of course the
icing on the Grammys cake was when
Hillary Clinton read an excerpt from
Michael Wolfe salacious work of fiction
fire and fury now the saddest part of
all of this is that mrs. Clinton still
thinks that she's relevant and to be
fair in Hollywood ostensibly she is but
to the rest of America she's a bad joke
with an even worse punchline it's
pitiful albeit fully deserved for a
woman who has lied cheated and stolen
her way through life as a public servant
now I'd provide you with a list of the
Grammy winners but there is Google for
that possibly one of the best moments
this week came during President trumps
State of the Union address now I think
it was one of the best speeches of my
lifetime and personally I believe that
if you're a conservative never Trump er
or a part of the left
resist movement even so if you heard
that speech and didn't believe in what
President Trump is trying to achieve for
this country you probably just hate
America I can really come to no other
conclusion he spoke of unity equal
opportunity and prosperity of a new tide
of optimism sweeping across the land he
talked about making America great again
for all all Americans our president
commended heroes of the Las Vegas
Massacre the Cajun Navy in Houston and
the firefighters in California yet when
he proposed to set aside differences to
seek out common ground with Democrats
Chuck Schumer skelet and Nancy Pelosi
squirmed like her chamber seat was a
fire ant bed when discussing
unemployment numbers declining
specifically among the black and
Hispanic communities Democrats browned
and refrained from clapping because
Trump did it not them not their poster
boy Barack Obama and not their geriatric
queen of failure Hillary Trump covered
many topics during his nearly
hour-and-a-half long speech which was
interrupted over a hundred times by
standing applause he discussed the
influx of new jobs and companies moving
or returning to manufacturing on
American soil he talked about judicial
appointments veteran reform regulation
were all about rollback the opioid
crisis and immigration the latter part
of his speech covered our military and
the new rules of engagement which no
longer undermine our military with
artificial timelines and taking a
beautiful little dig at prep at the
previous administration Trump said that
we will no longer tell our enemies our
plans glorious
so after touting a few more promises
kept including recognizing Jerusalem as
the undivided capital of Israel and
keeping detention facilities open at
Guantanamo Bay
Trump closed with as long as we have our
confidence in our values faith in our
citizens and trust in our God we will
never fail our families will thrive our
people will prosper and our nation will
forever be safe and strong and proud and
mighty and free so cheers of USA USA USA
reverberate it throughout the chamber as
Democrats like luis gutierrez stormed
out he's clearly not on the Trump train
but who cares because America's back
which brings me back to president
Trump's plans for daca all right let's
be real Democrats would likely boot the
entire daca population from our country
if Democrats couldn't be guaranteed that
they would get their votes Democrats
don't care about the docupace lobbying
if they did they would applaud Trump's
plans yet when President Trump spoke
during his State of the Union address
about the four pillars of his
immigration proposal Democrats booed yes
like drunk football fans like petulant
children they booed Trump's first pillar
maps out a path to citizenship for
illegal immigrants who were brought here
as minors by their parents now they
would have to meet education and work
requirements and show good moral
character but over a 12-year plan
meeting those requirements they would be
eligible for citizenship so there you go
Democrats but in return pillars two
three and four required a fully secure
border ending catch-and-release
practices ending the visa lottery
program and ending chain migration seems
reasonable right nope liberals will
fight it with their wilting little
clenched fists every step of the way
because I mean it won't deliver them
enough votes in the end so let's
remember that five years ago under
Barack Obama the entire Democratic
caucus voted to build 700 miles of
fencing along our southern border now
all in all Americans were overwhelmingly
pleased with the president's first State
of the Union address President Trump
said he was reaching across the aisle to
Democrats to overcome some major
challenges and enact historical
legislation so I'm hopeful that the
Democrats will join him and other
Republicans but I'm skeptical because my
momma didn't raise no fool but let's
pray that it happens I'm Amanda head for
the rebel
if you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from me and my pals here at
the rebel make sure you are subscribing
to our premium content at WWWE do
forward slash shows and make sure you're
following us on Facebook and Twitter for
all the latest news thanks so much for
watching i'm amanda head for the rebel
