how do we save women from the likes of
true rapists and predators but save men
from you know ten years after the facts
buyer's remorse from a bad date I think
we do need some rules and I think the
first rule in terms of the allegations
against Patrick Brown and a few others
is that no more anonymity for accusers
if if people if women want to come
forward that's fine but they're there
these accusations virtually ruin a guy's
life
they don't have to be proven in court we
have the court of public opinion it
seems to be enough nowadays to to hang a
guy and if they're going to do that I
think they should put themselves on the
line a bit and give us their names so
that we can assess especially in a
political case so that we can assess
well women is there some other
motivation here if it's somebody who has
political gripe against this guy you
know that that that would factor in
first of all this this idea that all
women always tell the truth all the time
we know that just isn't so and I don't
see why they should be given a home home
run advantage just because they're women
and by the way in this Patrick Brown
affair there is good reason to think
there is evidence to show that the
reporter of CTV who who opened the file
on this who ran the story on this is a
friend of the accuser and you've seen
I'm sure you've seen evidence of that
yourself yeah Rachel Aiello of CTV
friends with a link her name is Chelsea
Nash the accuser has been identified in
social media but but you raised a very
good point I mean there are certain rare
occasions in our legal system where the
court brings in a publication ban to
protect the anonymity of people it's
almost always in the case of minor
children or where some victim would be
identified if the accused
or was identified so it's it's almost
never that we have a secret courts even
in fact the the right to face your
accuser to know who it is to look them
in the eye to challenge them is so
essential to our system we don't believe
in secret trials in Canada we just don't
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
