this week the world found out that the
murderer of little eight-year-old Tori
Stafford terilyn McClintock isn't even
in prison anymore not really she's in an
aboriginal healing lodge in Saskatchewan
a place that doesn't even have fences
and Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale
well he defends that decision I'm going
to show you a clip from CTV News please
pay attention to how good ale describes
the crime here which was procuring a
little tiny child for sexual assault the
kidnapping of an innocent little girl
and then the murder and disposal of her
tiny battered body like it was trash
just listen to how good ale describes it
here and are you are you going to make
society safer by by developing the
circumstances in which that life can be
changed for the better or released
cold turkey at the end of the sentence
no chances I gotta be released till 2030
why mr. godell that's a long way away
why are you getting into this so early
well the the prison management officials
have determined this is the best way to
both rectify her bad practices in the
past but also to keep the public safe
bad practices Hey
what bad practices is Goodell talking
about the kidnapping rape and murder of
a tiny little girl or is he talking
about the very recent assault that
McClintock pled guilty to that she
committed while she was behind bars for
Tori's murder those bad practices no in
all of this something else was revealed
yet another layer of injustice for
Stafford's family I don't know if
McClintock is Aboriginal or not and
apparently it doesn't even matter
because to get access to these
aboriginal healing lodges instead of the
hard prison time these violent offenders
deserve all they have to do is identify
as First Nations there's no proof
required of their First Nations status
McClintock has absolutely figured out
how to gain the system here then somehow
Trudeau found a way to blame the
Conservatives for what happened to
McClintock
on the Liberals watch here Terry in
McClintock help your Tory hit Tory three
times in the head with a claw hammer she
was on that she was a lookout while Tory
was raped and then he'll face Tory's
body in a garbage bag
Prime Minister knows full well that he
has the power and authority to change
this case in an instant why would he not
use his power and authority right now to
do the right thing for for Tory's family
and the right thing for society
I hope Canadians pay attention to that
question in this answer in 2014 the
individual was transferred to a
medium-security facility under the
previous government this individual is
still in a medium-security facility
today that question well now
Trudeau's comments there they're pretty
gross and they feel a lot like sympathy
for the devil they really shouldn't
surprise us he's so apathetic to these
young female victims and their families
that's an excerpt from my daily show the
Ezra lavance show weekdays at 8:00 p.m.
Eastern every day I do a monologue
interview a guest and read my fan mail
and my hate mail to subscribe go to the
rebel da media slash shows
you
