oh joy the Liberal government has just
changed the lyrics to our national
anthem Oh Canada to make it gender
neutral well you likely know the
backstory the late Liberal MP morale
Boulanger took umbrage to some of the
lyrics in old Canada specifically the
inherent sexism of all thy sons command
and our feminist prime minister because
it's 2018 well this business of having
all that male pronoun stuff occupying
the song sheet for Canada's national
anthem no sir or I mean no ma'am that
just ain't gonna happen in this day and
age changing in all thy sons command to
in all of us command is of course simply
virtue signaling by the progressives in
this country it won't stop at a
gender-neutral anthem either the
cultural revisions are just beginning so
here's what we can do go to save o
Canada dot C a and pledge to sing the
anthem how it was originally written and
to call on politicians especially
conservative politicians to do the same
you know I bet you most Canadians don't
want to tamper with our anthem so we're
going to commission a simple poll do you
support the Trudeau government changing
the lyrics to O Canada to make it gender
neutral the cost of Commission an
independent pollster is about 2500 the
results will be statistically valid and
we'll update you when we receive the
results go to save o Canada dot C a to
pitch in if you want to prove that
changing the lyrics of our anthem in the
name of political correctness is
unwanted and uncanny n' and folks at the
same website save ole canada see a sign
the petition to repeal this virtue
signaling law today was all thy sons
command that got tossed into the
shredder a political correctness in
order to make way for in all of us
command what will it be tomorrow go to
save o canada dot CA to take a stand for
our anthem for the rebel dot media i'm
david the men's i'd Menzies
the progresses in this country won't
stop at a gender-neutral anthem folks to
stop this cultural revisionism go to
save oh canada dot CA sign the petition
and pitch in for our poll to prove that
Canadians don't want this change
