outstanding State of the Union address
last night by President Donald Trump I'm
gonna give you my winners and losers of
the evening well the two biggest winners
last night were President Donald Trump
and the United States of America
president Trump laid out a clear case as
to why he's the right man for the job it
was a wonderful speech it was a
beautiful tale of America told to
Americans our successes our failures our
gains our losses who we mourn with who
we cheer it was a wonderful emotionally
connected speech to the American people
and president Trump defined himself as
the right leader for the times he won
big but America won bigger we finally
have a president who loves this nation
who cares about this nation it was
implementing policies who is governing
in a way that will truly make America
great again
the man is keeping his campaign promises
now other winners were our veterans
President Trump
honored a young Coast Guard Oh a woman
who's with the United States Coast Guard
a rescued people there in the hurricane
our first responders he honored a young
police family he honored a a nice agent
who was targeted by ms-13 but pushed on
made his cases and arrested those
violent gang members other winners were
are working people he honored a young
welder he honored small business with
deregulation America one our veterans
one our first responders one
hard-working patriotic Americans one
very very big last night
American families one big the rule of
law one big president Trump spoke much
about the rule of law national security
was a big winner last night in all of us
who care about national security
but the two biggest winners again were
President Trump himself and all of us
the United States because were finally
on the right track the biggest losers
last night which won't surprise you were
the Democrats with special dishonorable
mention for the Congressional Black
Caucus Chuck Schumer sitting there with
his glasses on his face and his mean
luck and Nancy Pelosi with this jaw that
Arnez what the cop in me was like well
then she'd use coke or meth because that
looked like druggie Tweaker job
cory booker from new jersey was sitting
there looking like the cops were coming
in like he had a warrant i don't know if
you saw Booker
he look like somebody was after him like
some loan shark was coming to collect
this Vig the guy was coming in the front
door Booker was gonna shoot out the back
and let's talk about running away
representative Lewis Gutierrez we never
met a criminal violent illegal he didn't
love had smoke on his shoes running out
of the room their chance of us a started
think about this he sitting elected
representative to the United States
Congress ran out of the room when you as
a was chanted is there anything more
disgraceful now the Congressional Black
Caucus embarrassed themselves most of
all they were big losers hitting like
this living like this Chuck Schumer was
hitting like this and Marco Rubio was
pouting like this Rubio embarrassed us
all here in Florida with his behavior
last night but the Congressional Black
Caucus deserves special this honorable
mention as a Biggest Loser is they were
only miserable for one reason their lie
is over the ruse is up president Trump's
message last night to all Americans was
that success and prosperity a back and
it's yours for the taking if you work
hard enough and you really want it but
when he touched on black unemployment
being the lowest it's ever been and the
Congressional Black Caucus sat it told
me that they knew the joke was up there
lie will no longer work they're saying
to black Americans you're not good
enough you're not smart enough you're
not competent enough hell you can't even
get ID to vote you need us so come the
Big Brother Democrat and we'll coddle
you and rub your head and we'll give you
your entitlement and we'll give you your
food stamps and you don't have to do
anything but be dependent on us keep
voting for us president Trump comes
along and he says everything those
morons just told you is a lie there's
money here
there's prosperity here there's success
here the brass ring is here this
education here there's a better life for
your family here all up to you you just
need to choose what path you want to
take put a little work in and go down
that path you don't need those Liars any
longer you don't need those loser
Democrats any longer you don't want to
be on entitlements we know that we know
that here are your paths to success the
markets are saying cap
fusion's again the jobs are opening up
unemployment rates in your community at
the lowest they've ever been it's yours
for the taking just go for it and black
Americans cheered that and the
Congressional Black Caucus is terrified
because it's how they stay employed
keeping the entitlement like going all
Democrats were big losers last night
Democrats remain seated when veterans
were honored it remains seated when
police officers were honored they remain
seated when a young black guy who's a
hard-working welder was recognized
because he has more money in his
paycheck they remained seated when USA
was chanted they remained seated when
patriotism was talked about they
remained seated when strong borders were
talked about they remain seated when the
families of two young girls families of
color a Hispanic family and a black
family were recognized and America mourn
with them because their two young
daughters 116 and 115 were murdered by
the criminal illegal gang ms-13
Congressional Black Caucus and Democrats
couldn't even stand up for those
families
I don't know anything that would define
you as a bigger loser than that
it was reprehensible it was absolutely
disgraceful it was sad it was sad to
watch people elected people who took an
oath to protect preserve and defend the
Constitution of the United States took
an oath to protect this country from
enemies foreign and domestic
it was sad it was tragic to watch them
sit there and pout and protest while the
president talked about a strong America
a prosperous America a safe America for
every American for white Americans for
black Americans for Asian Americans for
Hispanic Americans for every American
every religion every race every sexual
orientation every gender
president did not engage not one word
not one period not one comma in identity
politics he didn't engage in virtue
signaling in fact I didn't find his
State of the Union political it wasn't a
poke it was a very conservative speech
but it wasn't an overly politicized
beach
talking about a strong strong prosperous
America is not politicizing a speech
it's the way every president should
sound unfortunately we were so used to
eat years of Obama insulting us that we
had an inferiority complex we were
insecure Obama was like an abusive dad
an abusive spouse someone who insults
you and degrades you to the point where
you start believing maybe I'm not good
enough that's what Obama did to the
psyche of America and many of us
conservatives well we punch back were
I'm gonna take the abuse we said hell no
this the greatest nation on earth we're
gonna fight you every day tooth and nail
we're gonna counter every narrative you
have with five of our own but many
Americans many Americans who still trust
their institutions for more than I do
listen to him and they said well he's
the president he couldn't have bad
interests at heart for us right he's
just telling us the truth well he wasn't
Obama lied to your face America was
always the greatest nation on the face
of the earth all Trump's done is come up
there and tell you the truth we're great
we're strong we're powerful were rich
were healthy and the world needs us that
way the world wants us that way so
another winner last night was the rest
of the world because a strong America
means global prosperity it means global
security it means we'll continue in the
coming decades and centuries to free
billions upon billions more from
oppression like we've always done since
the birth of this nation
two hundred and some-odd years ago
the big winners in short were President
America Americans and the world the
losers were the Democrats the Liberals
and the globalist it was a great great
great State of the Union and we really
are making America great again if you
like this content please subscribe to
our premium service that www dot the
rebel dot media forward slash shows
don't forget to catch my new hour-long
show off-the-cuff Declassified right
here on the rebel you're gonna love it I
guarantee it we go much deeper into
these issues I have great guests on
every day it's a lot of fun yeah check
it out and if you're already subscribed
to our premium service thank you very
very much I will be back with you
tomorrow thanks for watching
