remember how the Washington Post falsely
reported that Donald Trump's massive and
sold-out rally in Pensacola Florida in
2016 was empty remember how Post
reporter Dave Weigel tweeted a photo of
an empty arena neglecting dimension that
the picture was taken hours before the
venue was actually open to the public
well guess what folks when it comes to
underreporting numbers fake news is
alive and well in 2018 so over the
weekend we covered the rally at Queen's
Park organized by members of the Chinese
community they were upset that elected
officials were so quick to buy into the
hijab hoax in which a 11 year old
Toronto Muslim girl falsely claimed an
Asian man shredded her headscarf with
scissors so it was that hundreds of
mostly Chinese protestors assembled not
only in Toronto but in other cities
across Canada to demand an apology from
Justin Trudeau and other political
elites who were oh so quick to buy into
the hijab hoax story hook line and
stinker make sure you check out my full
report from the rally and Sheila Gunn
reads coverage of the Edmonton protests
that occurred on Monday but today I want
to focus on the media coverage of the
Toronto protests first of all that media
throng that jumped on the hoaxers story
well they weren't interested in covering
the protests no sir they stayed away in
droves it seems they're only interested
in doing stories about fake Islamophobia
however reporter Kevin Connor of the
Toronto Sun did drop by for about 15
minutes or so around 11:30 a.m. and he
reported that about 30 protesters had
assembled well to quote Romulan senator
Vern Eck oh it's fake alright and how
did Toronto radio station news talk
10:10 deal with such fake news well they
made it faker listen to morning man John
Moore on the roundtable weigh in on the
crime
sighs on Monday evening yeah this was a
piddling protest they say 30 I can
barely find tan in a picture a peddling
protest I can barely find 10 in a
picture how about we get Elaine Benes
from Seinfeld to weigh in on that
analysis hey hey hey baby now folks
here's what the protest looked like by
the time the group marched down
University Avenue around 1:30 p.m. does
that look like about 30 people does that
look like barely 10 does that look
piddling to you and was it any wonder
they were chanting CBC fake news CBC
fake news media real news simply put if
it doesn't fit their progressive
narrative then there's nothing to report
on even so I'd like to remind those
members of the mainstream media about
something namely when it comes to
telling the truth you are indeed
entitled to your own opinions but you
are not entitled to your own facts for
the rebel dog media I'm David the men's
ID Menzies hey folks if you like that
rent please consider becoming a premium
subscriber and never miss another rebel
video
you
