the office for national statistics the
ONS has just announced that knife crime
and robbery in England and Wales has
increased over the last year by 14
percent the new figures show that
between September 2016 and 2017 there
were 5.3 million crimes recorded so
let's break this down
robbery offenses went up by 29% with
over 68,000 cases recorded over 138
thousand sex offenses were committed
that's an increase of 23% there was an
increase of 21% in knife crimes with
over 37,000 recorded and violent crimes
went up by 20% with 1 million 290 1405
offenses committed there were even six
thousand 694 gun crime offenses
committed nationally in that same period
shadow home secretary Diane Abbott has
said that the figures were truly
shocking but then again any numbers that
she can't count on her fingers and toes
are shocking to her the news comes as
Mayor of London Sadiq Khan is being
urged to start cracking down on gun
crime in the city by conservative
assembly member Steve O'Connell almost
half the number of gun crimes committed
in the whole country happened in London
there were two thousand five hundred and
forty two gun crime offences recorded by
the Met Police in London last year alone
as the highest figure in five years and
a forty four percent increase over 2014
figures so there's clearly a problem
here and the stats show is it's not the
rural areas that are to blame this is in
a city warfare this is community tension
at a level we've never seen before
this is Sadiq Khan Londen the crime
stats nationally a shocking enough but
it's the figures for London that really
hammer home the fact that this is a city
at war with itself the ONS statistics
revealed that knife offenses rose by 23%
murders increased by 19% robberies
increased by 30 percent and vehicle
thefts increased by 14 percent this is
consistently higher than the national
average so London is it's it's own
little microcosm of death destruction
chaos violence and brutality this is a
city that has so many acid attacks that
were almost on par with Bangladesh it's
a city where you can't use your phone in
public without risking it getting
snatched out of your hand by some
haunted motorcyclist a city that's
plagued by postcode wars between rival
gangs and it's getting worse under Sadiq
Khan
despite his claim they said he will
create a safer and more secure London
seriously I'm no fan of the Conservative
Party but look at what Sadiq says in his
own website quote the Conservatives of
left London and less safe city and
dangerously vulnerable because our
police force is spread so thinly really
let's take a closer look at this again
so Sadiq Khan says that the Tories left
London a less safe City now I suppose
that might be true if we compare the
crime stats under Boris Johnson to stats
from a time way back when when London
wasn't plagued with ethno-cultural gangs
and street warfare but the latest
figures show that knife crime in London
year-on-year has gone up by over 31
percent between 2015 2016 and 2016 2017
this is data from the mayor's own office
for policing and crime furthermore knife
crime with injury went up by twenty
point seven percent and on New Year's
Eve don't have you heard about this but
four people were stabbed to death in the
city and for all the faults of the
Tories the number was nowhere near this
high under Boris Johnson and if Sadiq
thinks that the problem is a lack of
effective policing which it isn't by the
way then why isn't he properly
allocating the city's resources Sadiq
wrote an article for The Guardian of
course the Guardian claiming that crime
occurring in London was a symptom of
falling police numbers so he's a typical
Labour politician isn't it he makes a
mess of the place that he was elected to
represent and then he just passes on the
blame to the other side
I mean technically he isn't wrong about
police numbers they have hit a record
low over the last year we've lost some
930 officers but here's the thing if 930
is such a huge number to the mayor of
London why exactly is the Metropolitan
Police boasting about having over 900
specialist police officers tackling a
crime this is not an effective
allocation of important resources
especially when people are being
permanently disfigured from rising acid
attacks they're being mugged on the
street and left without any help at all
when they're flat gets burgled in one of
London's many multicultural vibe
burro's reallocate those 900 police
officers give them a proper job and the
problem solved name but let's be honest
at this point
London is possibly beyond saving and the
only thing that would keep peace on the
streets of London is if armed police
officers patrolled every street corner
in the city 24 hours a day and even that
would cause riots look at the backlash
from hard left activists and from fellow
labour politicians when Sadiq was forced
to reintroduce stop and search after he
promised not to and can you imagine the
chaos the black lives matter would cause
they destroy the city London has the
perfect combination of socio-economic
problems a housing shortage pissed off
native Londoners lost ethnic minorities
forming street gangs radical Muslims
forming their own parallel societies and
tedious naive left-wing numskulls
that has made it one of the most
dangerous places to live in the country
this is a divided city this is an
obvious truth but the statistics also
don't lie look at this the 2011 census
now outdated and bound to be replaced
with plenty of surprises in 2021 showed
the white British moving to the
outskirts of the city
an Arab Bangladeshi and Pakistani
immigrants creating their own inner-city
ghettos look at this
if London is really a multicultural love
nest why is it that the most violent
crime happens in the most ethnically
diverse areas of London head over to a
multicultural new room where native
Brits make up 16.7 3% of the population
and 32% of the residents are Muslim and
you might just get your face burned off
with acid or head over to Barking and
Dagenham where immigrants are shipped in
by the boatload in return for labour
votes and you might get your moped
nicked only for it to then be used to
commit moped robberies in the West End
of London so it's not just the fact that
these areas are multicultural and
divided which is causing crime it's
because people are also living in
poverty Trust for London found that 27
percent of people living in London are
living in poverty they also found that
58 percent of those people are from
working families they're not on the
street and begging for change these
people are working they can't afford
their rent there's no way they will ever
be able to afford a house in the city
and they can barely afford to clothe and
feed their kids and what you expect when
the government imports hundreds of
thousands of new people every year and
over 13% of the entire UK population
live in London almost 9 million out of
65 million people live in the capital
city crammed into these concrete blocks
with children growing up never seeing a
field or a cow but knowing from an early
age how metal detectors at the school
gates work at this point you have to be
mad sort of in London and it's no wonder
that crime has gotten so bad it's a
third world
overcrowded city with a third world
quality of life so Sadiq if you really
want to tackle crime if you really want
to see peace on the streets nurture
community cohesion by tackling the
threats that actually exist
stop spending millions on hate crime
hubs and listen listen to the Londoners
who've seen their home city destroyed
and transformed beyond all recognition
listen to the parents whose children
have fallen victim to grooming and
families who've had their lives turned
upside down by gang violence listen to
them and spend money on tackling hate
from the followers of the religion of
peace crackdown on Sharia patrols and
racial violence stop prioritizing
immigrants over the local community and
then arrest wresting those same locals
when they become frustrated at being
treated like a second-class citizen in
their own country
stop being a smug self-entitled brat and
do something good with the gift that
you've been given by the people of
London this is a special city its
history goes back 2,000 years it
survived the plague civil war great
fires and aerial bombardment during
wartime
it's a city that birthed great movements
poetry science and art it's the home of
the mother of Parliament's the Tower of
London and Buckingham Palace the people
of London and the City of London itself
deserve much better than this our videos
are free for everybody anywhere to watch
but they're not free to make we have a
studio we have a camera crew we have
editors we have security I'm asking for
your help to keep us on the air if you
value the work we do if you value the
news we bring you the police go to tony
robbins and calm
forward slash support and give us a
monthly voluntary donation keep us on
the air
