you may recall the heinous murder duo
Terry Lynn McClintock and Thomas
Rafferty they're the couple who until
recently were both locked up in max for
the first-degree murder of a young girl
Tori Stafford
well government attitudes change and
apparently life in prison doesn't mean
all that much anymore because after only
a handful of years McClintock has been
released from maximum security in
Ontario and is on her way to an
aboriginal healing lodge in Saskatchewan
in this video I'm going to talk about
one of the most heinous disturbing
crimes Canada has seen in the last
decade at least this is not a trigger
warning but brace yourself it was
gut-wrenching enough to just read about
Terry McClintock is best known for her
active participation in the brutal
torture rape and murder of a young girl
Tori Stafford her heinous crimes do not
stop there she actually boasts about the
time she microwaved
a live dog and the other time when she
was incarcerated for assault and robbery
the story today well McClintock has been
shipped to Saskatchewan from Ontario
where she can retire to an aboriginal
healing lodge in the hopes that she can
begin to heal you know the thing that
Tori Stafford's family will never be
able to do well let me be the first to
welcome McClintock to Saskatchewan the
very same province that 75 percent of
the population would prefer that you had
been put down without a second thought
for your egregious inhumane evil albeit
willing and capable participation in the
rape and blunt-force murder of a child
in fact it turns out that nearly
two-thirds of all Canadians support the
death penalty for first-degree murderers
of children surprising to most Canada is
actually on par with United's United
States in our shared support for justice
it is interesting to note the main
reasoning many of these folks have for
their position on this touchy subject is
at first and
for most it will serve as a deterrent
for future murders well that is not much
help in young Tory's case a very close
second however is that'll save taxpayers
money and other reasons cited were that
it would provide closure to the victims
families and then it is impossible to
rehabilitate murderers just for some
perspective here's a picture of the
Country Club sorry the healing Lodge
that this monster is going to be living
in
no wonder Tory Stafford's family is
organizing a protest in Ottawa I would
really be interested to figure out how
much money Ralph Goodale is actually
spending to put McLintock up in this
facility but it is likely protected
given the circumstances of freedom and
freedom of information in these cases
speaking of good ale and the latest in
the government's lam√© response to the
public outcry of this transfer check out
this video of him shirking the
responsibility of a child murderer being
released to a prison summer camp under
his watch the officials that have the
professional capacity to make that
decision are making it in what they
judged to be the best public interest
last time I checked the officials that
have professional capacity to make
sentencing decisions are the criminal
court judges who determine sentencing
computer considering every single
stakeholder which includes the victim's
family friends the community the
mentality years backwards why on earth
are we prioritizing the interests of the
offender over the proper administration
of justice oh wait I think this will
explain in check out this clip why after
just five years mover to minimum mate
medium security facility well I
understand that she indicated that she
was in fact Aboriginal so that she has
therefore said that the healing Lodge is
available to her well the the prison
management officials have determined
this is the best way to both rectify her
bad practices in the past so let me get
this straight in Ralph Goodale idea of
justice there are two tiers of criminal
in one group we have dangerous criminal
offenders
and then in the other group we have
Aboriginal bad practicers I'm sorry I'm
not buying I'm not buying this this is a
woman who beat a child's head in with a
hammer the type we as a society should
offer zero sympathy to let alone frame
the terms of her sentence on
rehabilitation instead of punitive and
harsh retaliation on the behalf of the
hurting family and community if you
agree with me that this is wrong I
invite you to sign my petition demanding
that Ralph Goodale quit dragging his
feet drop the excuses and throw this
hardened criminal in prison and throw
away the key just like what Corrections
Canada in fact is doing with her male
counterpart but I guess that's neither
here nor there it's a video for another
time for now I would settle for 25 hard
years of time
Canada's toothless definition of life in
prison but I know that will never ever
be enough for the poor family that must
go about their lives knowing that this
monster is on vacation for the remainder
of her sentence you can sign that
petition by going to WWF means live CA
or by clicking the link in the
description for the relevant media this
is Qian Bechstein please share this
petition with your family your friends
and your colleagues this is not just a
sad day for the family of Tori Stafford
it is a sad day for every mother and
father of children in the past and in
the future who have and will never see
the justice that they deserve
you
