CPC fake news media real juice well it
was a sensational story that went viral
from coast to coast and even around the
world an 11 year old Toronto Muslim girl
claimed that our headscarf was shredded
by an Asian man brandishing a pair of
scissors just one hitch however it never
happened it was all a big hoax and that
offender well he was about as real as
Edward Scissorhands
now while the mainstream media has moved
on to cover other items members of the
Chinese community are still upset that
someone in their community was unfairly
maligned and that's why they're here
today at Queen's Park to protest and
demand an apology
well it's the early stages the protests
about a hundred or so people have
arrived so far folks what's missing from
this picture yeah you guess it other
members of the mainstream media who
packed a Toronto schoolhouse to
diligently listen to a little girl tell
lies about a hijab being shredded well
they're just not interested in covering
the fallout I guess there's a Tim
Horton's protest somewhere were two
people that they have to cover instead
I'm just reading a sir some of the signs
here the jab hoax divides Canadians we
will vote and also hoax today horror
tomorrow what does that mean exactly if
no truth today then more lies tomorrow
do you think the Prime Minister by his
actions and words is doing something
very bad here and that is pitting one
community against another definitely
definitely and this is very dangerous we
have seen in other countries that when
this kind of politics start what happens
those countries have turned into now
second world countries or third world
countries I just want to thank you to
the Toronto police for telling all
Canadians people the truth so we can
keep hold our Canadian value as we know
the honest is the core of our Canadian
value I'm just gonna help anybody I can
because I am just totally against the
Liberal Party that stands I'm not
against a liberal party of years ago but
this Liberal Party is very corrupted and
it's infested well I'm with Vivienne
Hong she's one of the leaders of this
protest and Vivienne tell us what are
you hoping to accomplish here today we
demand
Josua to do--and a Catherine wing to
apologize tell me living when when
people thought this was an actual real
story there was tons of media that the
Toronto District School Board even had a
press conference with miners which had
I've never seen in my life
now that it's been revealed that it's a
hoax I'm looking around there's hardly
any media here covering this event what
do you make of that oh yeah I think
because of the political correct
you know actually most of the mainstream
media in Canada actually have obvious
bias against certain groups and certain
opinions you know they are not really a
reliable media source anymore that's why
we are here to protest because we need
to stand up for ourselves to speak aloud
to choose
not only to ancient Canadians also
these don't you cry
well media
yeah
CPC fake news
Ramo media real you well that was
incredible I wish we had that on camera
up at Queen's Park circle just a few
minutes ago a CBC News fan came slowed
to a crawl
took a look at some of the signage on
the protest and then hit the accelerator
like Bobby unser in the Indy 500 they
got out of Dodge real quick I guess
there's no story to see here folks
through the pot a rebel maybe a real
news
no their rebel media
well post hijab hoax a few questions
remain namely will there be any
apologies forthcoming from the likes of
Trudeau Winn and Tory well not so far
and will there be any follow-up from the
authorities well it doesn't look like
the Toronto Police Service is going to
press charges for filing a false police
report and it doesn't seem like The
Children's Aid Society is investigating
even when it's known that a hoax is a
hoax calling out the hoaxers in Justin's
Trudeau's Canada well that might be
considered a tad culturally insensitive
for the reveled on media I'm David the
mens ID Menzies hey folks if you like
this report about the Chinese community
and their reaction to the hijab hoax
please consider becoming a premium
subscriber and never miss another rebel
video
you
