it's about to get worse because justin
trudeau is not content to have the CBC
as his mouthpiece undermining
competitors Trudeau was about to
announce a massive bailout program for
dozens maybe hundreds of private sector
newspapers who will surely have to bend
the knee to Trudeau politically I mean
for heaven's sakes look at what they
require any summer camp or summer house
painting company to do to get a few
thousand dollars for summer jobs they
literally have to attest that's their
word to swear that they agree with
Justin Trudeau's personal moral ideology
on religious and sexual matters if
that's the requirement before Trudeau
will give a non-political tree planting
company or a non-political restaurant a
few thousand bucks to help with a summer
job imagine what Trudeau will demand
from highly political newspaper
publishers before he gives them millions
of dollars here's the story it's written
in The Globe and Mail today it was in La
Presse and Montreal a few days ago
here's the globe version Canadian print
media poised to get financial aid in
next federal budget let me read a little
bit from it it says all signs point to
print media getting a much needed
financial assist from the federal
government in the next budget the
financing is expected to be doled out
that's the good use of the word dole
dole out through the Canadian Canada
periodical fund which currently assists
print magazines non daily newspapers and
digital periodicals hey taxpayers just
in case you didn't know this money is
much needed by publishers sorry you're
gonna have to go without it but someone
needs your taxes more than you do I mean
sure your grocery money your rent money
or vacation savings your college fund
for the kids whatever that's needed but
these millionaire publishers they much
lis need it that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Azrael avance show no
one leaves behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews a day
and I read my hate mail just click on
this
and become a Premium Member
you
