President Trump winning big at the World
Economic Forum in Davos Switzerland
while the fake news mainstream media
continues to embarrass itself all right
this is great I'm gonna read you three
different takes from three different
media outlets on Donald Trump's very
successful visit to the World Economic
Forum in Davos Switzerland so first
let's go to the Daily Caller now the day
we call her as perceived as a right-wing
outlet but I find them very objective
and I find their reporters do some very
good work within with in terms of
investigative journalism
Lucroy siak over at the caller has been
doing outstanding work as Chuck Ross on
the stroke page emails in various
impropriety surrounding DOJ FBI and
Muller's investigation so here's a
report from the Daily Caller about the
Trump's visit over to Davao about the
president sub visit over to Davos titled
America first European CEOs go one by
one to tell Trump they are investing
billions back in the u.s. in no way
shape or form cannot be a bad thing
or in companies he Trump's economic
policies is positive and they're putting
more money into the United States
thereby hiring more Americans increasing
their US stock prices people's
investments values are rising Penn
pension funds are worth more only good
is coming from it economy up
unemployment down very simple about the
economy stupid jobs jobs jobs messages
the Republicans used to throw out there
it worked very well we got away from it
we're getting back to it all good stuff
so let me read you a paragraph from the
caller story then we're gonna contrast
it against the Washington Post and CNN
and you'll see how far they've fallen in
the caller story it says quote in a
stunning moment one by one European
titans of industry from companies like
Adidas Siemens and bear went around the
table to thank Trump for the passage of
tax cut and easing corporate tax burdens
almost every CEO had a new us-based
investment or strategic business to
announce only good right you've got big
companies adidas
the electronics manufacturer Bayer
Aspirin
and very big European companies are now
saying we're gonna make new investments
in the US more importantly new business
units will come into the u.s. we're
growing our I tell you about Saul time
our research and develop or putting more
money in the R&D or developing new
products and when you put more money
into US operations you're a European
company you put more money into R&D more
money in the US operations you you grow
your business and you launch new
business units you know that means one
word jobs and it's great for our economy
it means more jobs and it's great so of
course the liberal media had to do their
best to downplay this well let's go over
to the Washington Post
well the Washington Post headlines gonna
make you laugh Trump wins over global
elites at Davos all it took was a 1.5
trillion dollar tax cut but let's read a
couple of pieces from this story
Davos Switzerland Washington Post Donald
Trump may have finally gained entry into
the exclusive club of the corporate
elites he has long scorned and which has
scorned him they start the story by
claiming that Trump hates these people
and they hate him but now he's finally
in the club and why is he in the club
all it took was a 1.5 trillion dollar
tax cut and a much more hands-off
approach toward regulating companies for
business leaders to embrace him now
could it possibly be that that's not the
case could it possibly be that he's very
very smart
CEOs from very successful companies like
adidas like Siemens like Bayer legacy
icon brands that are run incredibly well
very smart people business geniuses
running these companies can it be he
that they look at the change in policy
from Obama to Trump and they realize
it's good for business
maybe because Obama was a business
ignoramus an economic and financial
ignoramus he was a moron and his
policies were designed for one reason to
crush the private sector and
drive the world toward globalism and
socialism he didn't want a strong
private sector Obama hated a strong
private sector because it cut into his
globalist socialist leanings but these
titans of industry look at the US now
with less regulation a lower corporate
tax rate and they say we want to spend
our money there whatever spending in
Europe where some in some places the
marginal tax rates are 60 70 % we're
gonna spend it in the US where it's in
the low 20% range we have more money
back to our bottom line we can develop
more products launch more business units
hire more people reinvest those profits
it's it's pretty simple math folks it's
pretty simple math you don't need to be
an economic genius you don't need an MBA
or a PhD in economics to get this when
you let individuals and companies keep
more of their own money they're not
going to all of a sudden become
irresponsible ingredient when they've
never been irresponsible and greedy
they're going to invest that money
they're gonna help people with that
money but that's a story the left can
never tell you because the left has been
painting them as evil boogeyman for
years who if you give them more of their
own money you let them keep more of
their own money they're gonna give it to
their greedy CEOs and crush the poor
when nothing could be further from the
truth and what happens when the private
sector and private individuals keep more
of their own money and with that money
they invest they create businesses they
create jobs they hire their charitable
they donate to charity they donate to
their churches their synagogues what
happens well people become less
dependent on government people don't
need government as much government
becomes smaller and philosophies like
that of the Democratic Party the
progressives the radicals socialists go
extinct and so they're fighting for
their lives the progressives are the
Democrats are they're fighting for their
lives and using their cronies in the
mainstream media do it now if you
thought that's yeah that doesn't impose
was bad wait'll we go over to CNN CNN is
by far and away my favorite and there's
a line in here that I was laughing at
this morning when I read it
CNN the headline is rump pushes America
first in Davos in wake of report he
tried to fire Muller
now there's another bogus report out of
the Washington Post today that back in
June Donald Trump told white House
Counsel Dan McGann he was gonna fire
robert muller and don McGann threatened
to resign causing Trump to back down
except the sourcing is limited to a
person and people familiar with the
episode meaning someone sitting in a
diner three blocks from the White House
could have overheard two White House
staffers saying hey I heard this morning
that Trump wanted a fire Muller and
McGann threatened to resign oh yeah who
told you Dave oh you know that guy who
works in a uniformed Secret Service I
heard him telling an agent about it and
this is a big deal in a Washington Post
reporter sitting at the booth next to
these two guys and reports it as people
familiar with he asked him a question
about it and it's now people familiar
with the episode give me a break with
this sourcing story also goes on to say
that Don McGann never actually told the
president he wanted to resign though
other people heard what might have
happened in third fourth fifth party it
got back to the New York Times now I was
reading you the it was a New York Times
story originally the Washington Post
reprint and repurposed it for almost
word-for-word but it's ridiculous Trump
himself looks into the cameras in Davos
and says fake news folks fake news and
that part is relevant to the CNN story
the CNN is now pushing something that
never happened because even if parts of
the story were true Trump never fired
Muller
so CNN and in the New York Times today
and now CNN made headlines out of
something that never even happened
well that's a literal definition of fake
news right let's read a little bit about
the CNN story
dnm says Trump did not address the
bombshell report that he had tried to
fire robert muller and that's a lie i'm
gonna go right here on record on my show
and say CNN is lying that is fake news
the literal definition of fake news
Trump look at the cameras in Davos as a
record of it all over the media all over
the web and said fake news folks fake
news when asked about the report that he
tried to fire Muller the CNN is caught
in a lie in a lie and if the story came
was was published before Trump said at
CNN should have corrected it and updated
it to reflect from statement of course
they didn't but we're gonna give them a
lie on this one we're gonna mark them
for a lie and call it fake news but
here's my favorite rum banana bread
address the bombshell report that he had
tried to fire a robert muller who is
investigating alleged collusion between
from from campaign and russia blah blah
blah it was no collusion Muller I found
it instead he stuck closely to a script
that emphasized favorable conditions for
making money in the United States
the President of the United States
at the World Economic Forum spoke about
doing business in the United States and
better conditions now for profitability
and CNN is annoyed that instead of doing
that at the World Economic Forum he
didn't talk about gossip from June that
never actually even happened about an
incident that never actually even
happened that's what the mainstream
media is hysterical about
that's what the mainstream media's media
CNN is hysterical about but the
president did his job in Switzerland
it is it is it would be funny if it
wasn't so tragic now I want to read you
another story from the New York Times
today unrelated now Saturday is tomorrow
is international Holocaust Remembrance
Day so of course the New York Times
editorial board had a slam Trump again
and imply he was anti-semitic the guy
who has been an amazing Allied Israel
the guy who Bibi Netanyahu praises
night-and-day they're good personal
friends they're great allies most
notably Trump recognized Jerusalem as
the capital of Israel and sort of the
State Department him over embassy there
Israel has had no greater friend in the
White House in in a long long time let
me tell you what the New York Times have
said about you ready for this unlike
previous presidents mr. Trump couldn't
be bothered on a July visit to Warsaw
stop at the site of that city's
notorious Jewish ghetto now we don't
know what he had planned with European
leaders what he had planned but the
Polish president we don't know about
security conditions we don't know if the
Secret Service said look it's not a good
idea this trip will go next trip we
don't know
but he gets better in May he visited the
Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial in
Jerusalem but offended some people
anonymous random people probably the New
York Times poor reporter who was with
him was the only one offended because he
was looking for something to be offended
by her she was and why did Donald Trump
offend why did he offend some people at
the Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial in
Jerusalem well he zipped by the museum
he zipped by the through the museum to
quickly or the memorial to quickly it
says he offended some people by zipping
through it far too quickly to absorb its
poignancy and power so now if you don't
follow or you don't operate at a pace
that the New York Times editorial board
deems appropriate and and with regards
to Trump no pace would be appropriate
who went too slow they would say he was
distracted if he went too fast he didn't
care you're somehow anti-semitic you
hate the Jews and you hit Israel but it
gets better then he signed the guestbook
with the discordantly but typically
self-referential entry vote it is a
great honor to be here with all of my
friends so amazing and we'll never
forget I think about that for the New
York Times the President of the United
States visiting a Holocaust Memorial but
not walking as as slowly as they would
like him to that's proof of
anti-semitism and Nazi leanings but then
signing the guestbook it is a great
honor to be here when the present United
States and I am honored to be with you
with all of my friends the Jewish people
he Israeli people the government at
Israel Netanyahu my friends I will never
forget it it's so amazing
that's considered disrespectful to the
New York Times that is why we laugh at
them that is why we call them fake news
now in New York Times speak if I'm
honored to be with you if I consider you
my friend if I find the experience
amazing and something I'll never forget
that's self referential and
disrespectful and also indicative of the
fact that the president is a Nazi a
hater of Jews around the world and it's
just a generally horrible human being
and this is what we on the right are
trying to fight every single day this
stupidity this insanity it's absolutely
ridiculous but thank God for outlets
like the Washington Post CNN in The New
York Times they do our job for us
because I can call out the fake news
every day a man they put it into print
if you like this really important
content as much as I absolutely love
bringing it to you please subscribe to
our premium service at www.mediaed.org
nt you're gonna love it we go much
deeper into all this great stuff I have
on great guests every day thanks so much
for watching I'll see you next week
