we asked him for two things we said we
need to have open nomination meetings in
other words democracy which has not been
the case
absolutely it's worse than ever his
leadership that that's been worse than
with any previous PC leaders and I've
seen it firsthand at several nominations
oh and me too and you know and it
happens in most ridings actually the
party interfered intervene because they
knew better who should be the
representative than the people that live
in the ride this is so bad and number
two was we want grassroots policy well
when he announced the carbon tax at that
meeting in March of 2016 that was
anything but grassroots apology that
came from the backroom boys which was
the problem with who to act the problem
Ettore the problem with Ernie eves and
that was lose-lose-lose so when Patrick
changed from his commitments to those of
us that backed him for the leadership
and abandoned everything he said he
promised us that he that he would do
these principles he would stand for we
were devastated you know and so and then
it got worse he flip-flopped on the sex
education of the thing as you say came
out with a platform last fall which is
sort of I called too conservative
manifesto
it's a socialist program everywhere
seventy five people's promise the
people's promise a communist manifesto
whatever you like even it was vote
buying in the extreme
he's even going to do something on hydro
lure hydro bills twelve and a half
percent by borrowing from the future the
same as Kathleen but you know here's the
thing jack
I mean right now we still don't know
who's gonna be the face of the PC party
come June at election time but I've been
told by insiders that it's not going to
matter I mean one person gave me a
football analogy right now they're
replacing the quarterback on the field
but the coach GM and the owner of the
team are still the same and there's been
lots of allegations that you know a lot
of former liberals are now part of the
PC party they're the puppet masters
they're pulling the strings is anything
going to change with all these policies
that Patrick Brown was fronting you know
I guess I'm saying meet the new boss
same as the old boss whoever the new
leader is I agree with you David it's
going to be more
the same old same old same caucus same
backroom boys nothing's going to change
policy will be the same and they're
gonna have trouble this is what happened
yesterday to Patrick was devastating for
him but it's devastating for the
conservative PC Party of Ontario they're
gonna have great difficulty attracting
the voters that they were hoping to
attract I think they're going to fail
and I'm and this is just gonna I would
say potentially pave the way for the
Liberals and it creates opportunities
for all kinds of people like the
Trillium Party we're new and we're
talking about we respect the institution
of democracy we say when I was a member
of the PC caucus we were told what to
say we were told what to vote we they
demanded absolute loyalty to the party
and don't cause us any trouble or you're
not gonna get along very well in this
party and I couldn't bring myself to
vote yes every time and do you see any
of that changing despite who the new
leader is the nice that will not change
hey that was an excerpt from my weekly
show rebel roundup in which we highlight
the best stories of the week with your
favorite rebels if you want to see the
full show please sign up to become a
Premium Member
you
