congratulations to the National Hockey
League for the first time in some Oh 40
odd years I'm actually going to tune
into that sad shitty match that is the
NHL all-star game well for a little bit
at least and you know it has nothing to
do with what's happening on the ice so
Kid Rock is booked to perform at the NHL
all-star game in Tampa Bay this coming
weekend whoa stop the presses liberals
are frothing mad because you see Kid
Rock is one of those few individuals in
the entertainment industry who happens
to openly swing right-of-center
no sir can't have that not these days
indeed perhaps the most perversely
ironic cross-tracking of Kid Rock came
via some amateur-hour sports website
called SB Nation don't know what SB
stands for I'll take a guess son of a
bitch anyway here's SB Nation's
unintentionally funny headline quote Kid
Rock's NHL all-star game show undercuts
hockey's message of inclusiveness end
quote the bit about inclusiveness is a
reference to NHL commissioner Gary
Bettman statement last year that quote
the NHL family strives for diversity and
inclusiveness end quote Wow how profound
but Alicia with some nut bar
organizations such as black lives matter
who doesn't strive for diversity and
inclusiveness these days but here's the
thing Kid Rock is a Trump supporter and
he's a Colin Kaepernick critic a good
golly Miss Molly kid rock actually has
an opinion that's different from a
card-carrying progressive he supports
the president and divides a washed-up
quarterback who dines out on dissing the
national anthem this kid rock he's some
kind of maniac isn't he but wait a
second here let's just deconstruct the
argument put forth by the author of this
drivel sexual price who I pray is not
related to all-star goalie
Carey price
Elizabeth at hockey's message of
inclusiveness is not being honored here
but he's advocating for the NHL to be
inclusive by being exclusive yes he
wants the NHL to economically penalize
right-of-center entertainers like Kid
Rock by boycotting such performers
because they don't espouse the correct
political viewpoints the people like
satchel price even read the direct they
compose do they even understand the
definitions of inclusivity and
exclusivity satchel and his ilk want Kid
Rock sequestered in the penalty box not
based on talent but on the fact that Kid
Rock is a trump supporter gee too bad
the Dixie Chicks weren't available
the fact is Kid Rock has a significant
fan base get this he's actually a huge
hockey fan himself being a supporter of
the Detroit Red Wings Kid Rock is one of
those rare celebrities who understands
that an icing call isn't a request for a
bartender to put a few more cubes and
his mint julep so it is this weekend
that I'll briefly tune in to the ghastly
sporting spectacle that is the NHL
all-star game not to watch something
that more resembles ringette rather than
hockey mind you know I'll be tuning in
to catch Kid Rock's act and to see if
any anti Kid Rock snowflakes up in the
cheap seats experience a meltdown under
the balmy Floridian Sun for the rebel
media I'm David the men's I'd mensies
hey folks if you like that red please
consider becoming a premium rebel
subscriber and never miss another rebel
video
you
