great culture is not a myth rainbows are
anonymous microaggressions are real my
brother
Russians are real forget each other is
real
remember christina hoff sommers speech
at the Lewis and Clark law school back
in March there are times when she
literally just had to stand there and
endure those cringe-worthy chants
probably because you can't realistically
communicate your arguments while being
drowned out by mindless slogans now
while I don't think we're seen as too
eager to return to that Portland Oregon
school anytime soon it looks like
another school won't have this same
problem you see the University of
wisconsin-madison has instituted
punishments for petulant cry boys who
use their speech and let's not forget
other more violent actions to drown out
the speech of others
if uw-madison protesters disrupt a
speech once I think they get a warning
but the possible consequences if a
student is found responsible for a
second violation of this policy during
their enrollment is suspension for a
minimum of one semester any student who
has been responsible for a third
disruption will be expelled good we
tried to Olive Branch with these guys
now it's time to use the rod I also
really like how uw-madison specifically
describes what constitutes disruptive
behavior for instance noise that
prevents speakers from being heard
pulling the fire alarm as well as visual
disruption like using signs to block
people's view and turning off lights
it's important to make policies that
give as little wiggle room as possible
it shrinks student protesters chance
that plausible deniability and makes it
harder for administrators to gerrymander
certain words and clauses to let
students with the right politics
typically left-wing politics off the
hook
remember we're not really dealing with
rational people here this is the same
University whose student government was
trying to put up a plaque by the school
statue of Abraham Lincoln accusing him
of playing a role in the killing of 38
innocent Native Americans the UW Madison
Chancellor rejected this request saying
Lincoln only approved death sentences
for Native Americans who raped or killed
this is also the same school whose
left-wing student groups eat up over
$400,000 in mandatory student fees while
conservative groups get just a tad over
$10,000
the same school where 700 students and
professors complained about racism when
police arrested a student accused of
posting graffiti all over campus and the
same school that held a problem of
whiteness class so if you're going to
reach out to uw-madison definitely give
the school a pat on the back for this
new policy but along with holding their
feet to the fire to enforce it you might
also want to mention that when it comes
to the insidious cancer that is social
justice speech disruptions seem to be
the symptom not the cause for campus
unmasked I'm Rob Simms Jacque if you
like this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
