don't tell me son sure I know people
have been knocked down and beaten by
people from antifa
so that is true it does happen we have
it on tape please roll the tape right so
you're saying is that justified yes that
was Mike Isaacson who until recently
ironically was a professor at John Jay
College for criminal justice I say
ironically because while Isaacson taught
future police officers he also advocated
for dead cops and is a co-founder of the
anti Farooq smash races in DC dead cops
are good Isakson informed Twitter in
July expressing gratitude for his job a
month later he said some of y'all might
think it sucks being an anti-fascist
teaching at John Jay College but I think
it's a privilege to teach future dead
cops he went on to joke about killing a
hypothetical student of his who went on
to become a cop weren't you my econ
professor see you had the opportunity
blade drops blade I'm guessing because
do you really think leftists know how to
use guns
here's Isakson defending the future dead
cops remark on Fox don't because that's
not what you're saying you're not saying
everybody dies privilege means that
there is some joys that you take I do
take joy in situations knowing and well
you know what they say when you can't
beat them go on national TV and make
yourself look like an idiot
the head of New York City's largest
police union called for Isaacson's
firing condemning his disgusting anti
police attitudes and his gleeful embrace
of political violence including violence
against police officers John Jay College
placed the antifa giraffe on leave in
September and president Carol Mason said
I'm appalled that anyone associated with
John Jay with our proud history of
supporting law enforcement authorities
would suggest that violence against
police is ever acceptable a college
spokeswoman told me Monday that Isaacson
no longer works at the school why did I
reach out to John Jay College on Monday
well it just so happened that Isaacson
was inciting violence on Twitter saying
burn a police station for me Philly the
day of a football game in the City
campus unmasked reached out to Isaacson
so he could elaborate on that insightful
here's what he had to say sports rights
are a proud American tradition dating
back to the era of Crisco the great to
deny the people there athletically
driven destructive catharsis is to deny
the will of God well thanks for the
heads up prophet Isaacson I'm sure you'd
feel the same way if the riot happened
on your property I also asked about the
former professors current employment
status but that question mysteriously
went unanswered for campus unmasked I'm
Rob shamrock if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
