brand new federal NDP leader jog meet
Singh just tried to out Trudeau Justin
Trudeau himself and if it works I think
just might be the best thing that ever
happened to us conservatives so a couple
of days ago weird Castro loving federal
NDP leader the guy without a seat in the
House of Commons job meets inked
proposed to his girlfriend and she said
yes what a happy thing to have happened
I mean we are on different teams
politically but marriage is of course an
exciting and wonderful thing and I wish
everybody could find the happiness that
one derives from being married but
what's creepy about jog meets in getting
married is that I even know about it at
all let me explain a little bit let's go
back remember jog meet saying he praised
Fidel Castro for lifting his people out
of poverty when Castro finally took his
rightful place on a hot rock in hell and
sing routinely tweets weird word salad
affirmative mumbo-jumbo stuff like this
one here when the NDP lost a couple of
by-elections each and every one of us
has an inherent self-worth nurture and
grow it give it time and love build a
courageous belief in your own self-worth
and you will have the strength to
overcome any challenge you face
seriously what does that even mean that
was his tweet in response to a
by-election loss anyway back to the
Blessed engagement this is from the CTV
story about Singh becoming engaged to
his clothing designer girlfriend it's
buried a few paragraphs in but it is
weird along with friends and family
Singh invited several members of the
media including the Canadian Press to
witness the surprise proposal Tuesday
night friends cheered as Singh and car
arrived Singh pulled a ring out of his
jacket pocket and got down on one knee
to propose to car who accepted a few
moments later the couple waded into the
crowd and car shouted raising one hand
in the air hey everyone I'm engaged what
that's right guys he invited members of
the media to a quote unquote surprise
proposal with his girlfriend the media
but then it gets worse look at this
picture taken by the Canadian presses
franc gun absolutely no relation I
promise you is this real-life Singh and
his new fiancee just used the Canadian
Press as an engagement photographer
service and the Canadian Press
photographer happily obliged what on
earth is going on here where does this
slippery slope lead are they going to
have a press availability after the
first dance that their wedding is the
Canadian Press going to be in the
delivery room for the birth of their
first child god help us all and
especially people like me who watch the
House of Commons as part of their job if
sing finally gets into the House of
Commons in a by-election with him upping
the ante by fashioning himself to be a
pop culture icon and Trudeau constantly
crying for attention all the time it's
going to be a lot like a bad reality
game show where the country is always
the loser it's basically gonna be like
The Bachelor but this is what Trudeau
has done to the culture of politics in
Canada it's morphed from merit and
result into selfies and shameless
publicity stunts why are you seeing
worshipping tyrants barfing out
platitudes and turning his life into a
reality TV show well it's because he
wants to be Prime Minister and that
means at least on the deeply unserious
left side of the political spectrum
being even more Trudeau than Trudeau
Trudeau gave us China as his most
admired dictatorship the because it's
the current year meme and stupid socks
as a national symbol and far left-wing
voters like those who normally vote for
the NDP voted for him in droves so the
only answer is to be even more Trudeau
than Trudeau himself and as annoying as
it's going to be for me too
watch all of this as a conservative I
have to welcome it heck I should even be
encouraging it why because in Canada we
split our vote three ways with just one
Conservative Party and two Looney
shallow progressive parties and when
each one of those progressive parties
has a strong albeit loopy leader
conservatives benefit from that vote
split conservatives need Singh to be as
frivolous and ridiculous as Trudeau if
not more with less baggage so bring on
the crazy
bring on the TV cameras crank up those
publicity stunts speak in halting
nonsense because conservatives need all
the help they can get for the rebel
media I'm Shiela gonna read what you
just saw there was my daily video but I
also have my own full-length show here
on the rebel called the gun show
available only to our premium
subscribers so get access to all the
episodes of my show and all of our
amazing new premium content including
John Carr dillos new show off-the-cuff
Declassified treat yourself to a rebel
subscription today
