James Franco was riding high after he
won Best Actor at the Golden Globes for
his work in the disaster artist he was
shortly knocked off that high horse by
five allegations of sexual assault and
harassment by five women now the next
award show the SAG Awards are coming up
and your boy James Franco is planning to
attend the Hollywood drama Ben Davies
this is pure Hollywood if you remember
from my last video about the Golden
Globes the SAG Awards is gonna take one
step forward and be even more
sanctimonious by only letting women host
and present at the showcase and James
Franco who was a Hollywood golden child
and has one of the most praised movies
of the year this year is planning to
attend honestly this might be the only
reason I'm gonna watch just to see how
this whole thing shakes out I'm not
gonna make an argument for what should
be done because of all the irrational
arguments and movements out here
promotions and stuff in Hollywood so I'm
just gonna give my two cents on James
Franco and kind of the hypocrisy of this
entire situation this whole thing
started the Golden Globes when Ally
Sheedy who was the start of The
Breakfast Club tweeted at James Franco
saying quote okay wait by Christian
Slater and James Franco at a table on at
Golden Globes hashtag me too hashtag me
too she later had it quote James Franco
just one please never asked me why I
left the film slash TV business unquote
I wonder if she wants us to ask all
these tweets since then have been
deleted and Ally Sheedy has not
responded to what she said now it seems
at least strange and maybe a bit
unstable her responses and lack of
follow-up but later a few people who
work with James Franco came forward and
report to the Los Angeles Times James
Franco was teaching several acting
classes of the past few years and they
said that he was inappropriate during
some of the sex scenes that they were
practicing and teaching about while in
these classes now for those of you who
are not in the entertainment mystery
there are some hardcore classes that get
really into these moments and you know
sex scenes and relationships all its
kind of stuff for example I've never
been in this class but one of my friends
goes to an acting studio and he says
that once a month there's topless day
where all the girls would show up
topless
to promote free spirit and being
comfortable with your body and being in
these scenes being romantic not being
you know shaking or uncomfortable for
any reason now as a Christian I think
this is gross and ridiculous and I would
never attend one of these classes and if
I was asked to do something similar I
would just not do it but like I said
there are many other classes that
totally feel okay with this kind of
practice and training some of these
students were also complaining about a
movie they were cast in working with
James Franco called the long home they
specifically said they were
uncomfortable sexually in one scene they
shot what was the scene while it was a
giant orgy with four completely nude
girls that they were all acting together
with where James was in they're also
acting with them they said that doing a
completely nude sex orgy scene with
James the camera Rowling's were totally
fine why they had a little piece of
saran wrap covering their genitalia but
when one girl was asked to remove hers
for an oral sex shot of the scene that's
what it was uncomfortable yeah
and that really crossed the line I know
that I know that sounds crazy like this
never happens in Hollywood right well in
this very movie there were actors such
as Josh Hutchinson from Hunger Games
Josh Hartnett from a bunch of films I
didn't I didn't know he's back in all
the way
Ashton Kutcher and Courtney Love all
read the scripts signed on and did this
movie no problem
now if James Franco did sexually assault
anyone I hope he goes to jail for the
rest of his life but with the crowd of
people who are screaming and asking for
James Franco's head to be taken off are
the ones attending the SAG Awards who
many of have written acted performed
coached taught worked in acting classes
or even directed projects very similar
to the one that James Franco was a part
of the hypocrisy just knows no bounds
all while claiming to be the voices of
morality and clarity for the rest of us
in America so when this kind of thing
happens I just like to sit back laugh
and watch the fireworks I may actually
want to watch this horse show I've been
Davies this is pure Hollywood if you
like this video and others like it
please consider becoming a premium
member to the rebel that way you'll have
first access to pure Hollywood and the
entire rebel lineup
you
