I mean I know how that's politics I know
the Liberals want to talk about this I
know why the labor unions do but a
national broadcaster how how is it news
that a franchise owner doesn't like
minimum wage hike but let me read the
first few lines of this breathless super
long story a staff memory tonigh a
couple of Tim Hortons franchise owners
in Whitby Ontario blames cuts to
employee benefits on the Ontario
government and its minimum wage hike the
notice also suggests employees contact
Premier Kathleen Wynne if they have
concerns about the changes and let her
know she doesn't have their support
quote I encourage you to let her know
how your workplace will change as a
result of her new minimum wage law and
that you will not vote liberal in the
coming Ontario election in June 2018
says the notice which lists Susan and
Jason Holman as the authors okay so
what's the problem
I mean what's even the news here well
the problem is obvious a small
businessman was engaging in wrong think
he was telling his staff that he doesn't
like the Liberals that they're making
his business difficult that they should
contact the Liberals and tell them about
that those are improper opinions at the
CBC of course because it is a state
broadcaster funded by the Liberals now
scroll down the web page the CBC if you
if you look at the website the CBC even
creeped the Tim Hortons owners social
media account for pictures of them just
to name and shame them now I get it the
liberal war room trying to humiliate any
entrepreneurs big bully union bosses
doing that I get it but the state
broadcaster engaged in political hygiene
policing Daxing any businessman who
isn't clapping loud enough for his own
demise sit here you're going to social
media accounts now and you're getting
personal pictures of an owner and his
family and you're just trying to
embarrass them as a news story and
you're the government broadcaster that's
an excerpt from my daily TV show the
Ezra Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on you
- if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always -
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
