a government-run liquor monopoly changes
its mind about approving a brand of beer
apparently the beers name and logo might
lead some consumers to think it has
medicinal purposes as a result this
small brewery is out thousands of
dollars yes here's yet another story
folks about how the nanny state on
steroids can ruin your livelihood
so the ottawa-based all-work Brewing
Company can't have its India Pale Ale on
the shelves of the liquor corruption
bureaucracy of Ontario apparently
Ontarians are just too stupid to contend
with a beer that might be mistaken for a
medicine after all the name on the can
features the word doctor and not just
any doctor but a doctor with the surname
of feelgood which might imply if you
feel bad the stuff in the can will make
you feel good and the logo features the
image of a snake coiled around a pole
that sort of resembles the ancient Greek
symbol associated with medicine so you
can just imagine the potential for
confusion right Anna Theriot beer
drinker goes into an lcbi o spots a can
of dr. feelgood with that medicinal like
logo and says oh thank God since I have
a headache I'll drink this beer so I
don't have to buy advil at Shoppers Drug
Mart now even a chief of surgery would
be confused well at least in the eyes of
the liquor Kratz so for public safety
reasons these feel-good suds are beer
non grata now but get this stalwart
co-owner Adam Newlands told CBC News
that the LCBO originally approved the
supposedly confusing label and then
later they just changed their minds hey
no skin off their nose but Newlands has
a lot of skin in the game
the brewery has already produced 5,000
cans of dr. feelgood
which could no longer be sold at safe
space LCBO stores anymore
and then there are some 20,000 labels
that cost
$33,000 to produce now here's the part
of the story I love the LCBO says it's
up to manufacturers to make sure labels
conform the federal and provincial rules
but in this case the LCBO says its
assessment was regrettably late indeed
LCBO spokes thingy Jennifer Bell added
quote it's never our intention to
contribute to any inconvenience to our
partners in explaining how the
monopolies screw up ended up
inconveniencing a partner Bigley now I
suppose mr. Newlands could sue the LCBO
for your creating this mess I wouldn't
do that not because he'd lose I think
he'd probably win it's just that the Al
Capone wannabes running the LCBO would
almost surely retaliate like how about
this D listing all of stalwarts products
as in forever based on some lame excuse
or no excuse for that matter because
that's how an abuse of government
monopoly operates especially one that's
drunk with power but you have to wonder
though as the LCBO ever taken inventory
of its own product line I mean for
decades they've stocked booze with the
brand name dr. McGillicuddy's oh my gosh
what if some lamebrain interion dying of
cancer thinks a bottle of doctor
McGillicuddy's intense peach whiskey is
a cure oh the humanity
oh the liability then again maybe the
LCBO should simply demand that all its
suppliers sell their products in plain
generic bottles and cans with no names
or logos effects so that Ontarians will
never ever mistake a nail for an aspirin
or a lager for a laxative in the
meantime I'm just so happy that there's
a bumbling booze monopoly looking out
for all our best interests especially
given that we're obviously way too
stupid to do it ourselves for the rebel
media I'm David the men's ID Menzies hey
folks if you like that commentary please
consider becoming a premium subscriber
and never miss another rebel video
you
