people talking about
fiat-chrysler talking about bringing
back a truck plan to the United States
from Mexico this is just not happening
here and the reason it's not happening
here is that we're talking about social
license and we're talking about greening
our economy and getting rid of the
carbon economy and shuttering coal and
you know I we we sound like some sort of
late-night freshman bong sessions
whenever it comes to economics you know
I did it so that oh wow man like we
could really go without carbon no sorry
you can you know it's funny I mean let's
just talk about that I showed a clip of
Catherine McKenna who has never run a
business never had to sign the front of
a paycheck always signs the back when
she cashes it she was a social justice
warrior lawyer did some UN stuff like
she's just never had to stress about oh
my god can I make payroll oh my god how
can I pay this bill she's never lived
that life take it take a second with me
Lauren you got Justin Trudeau second
generation trust fund kid and the
Trudeau family you got Catherine McKenna
who in many ways is the leaf the lead
industrial minister she's talking about
pipelines and stuff like that
you've got Bill Morneau who inherited a
company he was basically a he managed an
existing company that was but I wouldn't
call him an entrepreneur I would say he
was more attack strategist but that's
about as close as again you've got token
appointees like barges Jagger go ahead
the Global Affairs Minister Krista
Freeland whose only claim to fame is
having written a book which which
advances every economic myth that the
left has and and that's you know that's
your economics brain trust with the new
Trudeau cabinet that's an excerpt from
my daily TV show the Ezra Levante show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on youtube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including all ways to inter
you today and I read my hate mail just
click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
