basically long story short she just says
well it's my finding that term you'll be
dismissed as of now with no notice do we
have freedom of association in the UK
that's the freedom to join any political
group new one without facing retribution
such as getting fired from your job it's
actually in the law book but we still
don't have it right I met with a local
lady local to this beautiful city her
name was Beth
she joined for Britain for Britain was a
political party set up by anne-marie
waters once she left you Kip here's what
interested Bev in join him for brim
everything that she that she was saying
with things that were true you know gal
Breck say stop immigration stop the
country we've taken over on partitioning
to Sharia sure I'll or I'm not sure I'll
our Sharia law whichever you want to
pronounce it so it was those type of
things but also because it wasn't only
brexit and immigration also she was
talking about the NHS and that's a
really big thing of mine that I'm you
know I believe it needs to be totally
realized in top to bottom so there were
many things in there that and just
totally I just it wasn't some of them it
was every single thing that she spoke
about was something that I really do
believe in and that was why I thought
was she's going on her on yes you know I
want to be involved Beth was up front of
a managing director about her
involvement with his party she also made
it clear that would not involve her work
it's outside of work it's in our own
free time it's her right to do this but
then she was called into a meeting by
her boss about some of her facebook
posts he says we need to look at where
to fight to find a resolute resolution
to this issue because we I find that
it's in conflict with our business that
you you know you are supporting and he
said Britain first in the letter so I
thought we got the rumble mean they were
here from start off and then he had
these screenshots and they were just
pathetic one of them you know gonna
laugh at this was one from your Facebook
and you know the phiman the video and
family making the popping out of the
horsies that was beautiful absolutely he
shit okay so he shared it cuz you've
shared so from me yeah that's what the
yeah so the other one turn so that video
just so people know we'll put it in here
that video is actually where the fireman
it makes a papi at the fire hose yeah
beautiful women
it was Remembrance Day and that's why I
paused it cus I thought that it was
absolutely lovely video and I never even
noticed I didn't even look cuz she can
yo your feed you just get that watching
dog yelling I didn't even realize who
they would have been all these the other
one was yacht means today was doing the
rounds with the concrete blocks yet side
yeah and it was another one and there
was the invite to Ann Marie's the
meeting the fundraiser at Pontefract and
the other one was hello mate you know
the things been going around for about
five years on it and I just share it
every now and again you're asking me
you're allowed to be against allow me
exactly whoever you were exactly
in fact the House of Commons make a big
massive deal because they found out that
halal meat was being served into the
politician so those were the screenshots
and he mentioned in this letter
invitation letter that I must be aware
I'm I should be aware I'm I must know
that's we have some contracts with we
they did do a couple of mosques and sort
of this metalwork design you know a
structural stuff which is great you know
I think like that upset me because I was
working there you know nothing doing
this part of my work the fact that
they're working for mosques I just
tapped her you know it was business
nothing to do with anything
Alexes you also have Muslim colleagues
well really I wouldn't have known really
that I had two Muslim colleagues if I
did if they didn't go off to mosque
every Friday afternoon otherwise how
would I know what their religion was and
whatever they and I got on really well
you know
I worked with two Muslims for 12 months
it's probably one way she was lured into
a meeting she had no idea she was
getting the sack and then she was fired
for things she said on her private
Facebook they even said it had nothing
at all to do with our performance all
she'd done is joined the wrong political
party so they took me up to the meet you
know and in the letter it told me that
they'd hide an HR company to come in and
do the meeting okay so it gets up to the
meeting room they open the door shut the
door left me in there with this woman
I've never seen before in my life
so she starts reading this bloomin
letter from top you know stats finishes
she got to the Midwest has been first I
says I need to stop you there because
it's not written first it's for Britain
totally different
Keller fish you know she just sort of
just carried on
cuz that done there I don't know then
she shows me my facebook cover now my
Facebook is tied down all I can see is
my cover and my foot and I had the thing
of Westminster and a for Britain Trident
and on the cover and on my picture my
head shoulders picture yeah so when she
brings the screenshot of this and she
goes can you identify this person and I
went it's me so she calls for the tip
and I went oh goodness she started on
then asking me how how did I how did I
think that this that I could continue
working at this company when they had
Muslim clients and most people who were
of the Muslim faith so I just said well
it why she didn't make a difference I'm
a professional person you know I've been
reading the four C's you know and know
how to conduct myself in a business
environment why in the forces yes I was
in the area for room seven years yeah
okay basically long story short she just
says well it's my finding because
apparently she was there to put her
decision that term you be dismissed as
of now and with no notice and you were
sacked there and then yet for simply
being a member of a political party
that's it
yeah that's what it comes down yeah
because it was in common a conflict of
interest for the business for me to
suffer me to work there I was absolutely
gutted going through my head was oh my
god no no come now you know and I
thought it was pay day the next day and
I thought that's it that salary that
goes in tomorrow that's it I've no more
money coming in and now let's go look
for a job you know virtually a mother
for Christmas at my age because I'm
sixty next year there's no way
am I gonna just be a walk into just
despite my skills and experience you
know I have got a good CV but nobody
wants to employ somebody six years of
age you know so I'm just thinking so
then I says well I need to collect my
personal effects
so she said they're already boxed up for
you downstairs
I had to walk out with that building
emulator with my box of stuff in front
of all my colleagues and whoa quick
what's the girl back and I turned around
to the HR woman who followed me out and
I said you imagine well put me in a room
so all in shackles around my ankles and
she just went like sense of humor
failure and I don't know why you're
you're waving I know my Corp and I do
stuff with humor
however and as you can see my fingers
are picked to pieces and and what have
you got some absolutely worried sick
because I don't have a partner I'm not
I'm divorced I don't a partner who is
going to help me live I don't have
anybody
so I'm now having to literally look all
these avenues of ways to start bringing
some form of incoming for me to start in
January on top of all all this and
trying to cook with this so two weeks
before Christmas a mother a decent lady
loses her job is embarrassed and
humiliated in our workplace simply for
having the wrong political opinion a
political opinion that she's entitled to
there's her god-given right and the
breach law this is bigger than just Bev
and this is bigger than just than just a
RC engineers this is going on across the
country I'm constantly contacted by
people who are disciplined or scared in
their workplace for showing their
political beliefs it's about time we
made a stand against this I want you to
help me make that stand I want a RC
engineers to be the company we draw the
line with I want my other employees
across the UK when they're thinking
about firing someone because their
political belief I want them to say
remember what happened to a RC Engineers
remember what happened with that Bev
lady that's what we need and that's what
we want and I need you to support it so
I'm starting a petition to go against a
RC engineers to show them that the
bridge
public are not happy the reason why they
said they're a foreigner because I
didn't want to bring negative opinion on
their business so I decided to pay
Andrew Remington from Arc engineers in
Mali
a visit Andrew Andrew hi are you where
are you are you aware it's not 1975 in
these stand blocking people are you okay
are you where are you where are you
aware are you ready
you can't fire people for having a
different political opinions yourself
I've read the course can you explain on
what basis Bedford Fire please I've come
for an amiable peaceful chat can you
explain why you think it's okay to sack
people for having a different political
opinions just talk Andrew Andrew what
point he's making it worse than you
entered so I'm going to come back now
Andrew Andrew Andrew the line in the
sand is here let's set an example upon
this company in this md's let's make the
whole country realize that you can't
just fire innocent hardworking people
because they have a different political
opinion in their free time
this is Britain this is not the Eastern
Bloc 1975 we have rights we have
freedoms so please sign the petition get
behind this www port Bev UK thank you
very much
you
