for most year I've been doing videos
with rebel media full-time we're
reporting on the London attacks and
Manchester attacks poor the stories that
mainstream media ignored we've
campaigned for people like John Fletcher
Chelsea white we've bought a wheelchair
for Knox
we've got justice for the Navy vet Chris
eat we've even been to Poland we've
brought you exclusive reports on
Independence Day Valley that the world's
media lied about we've helped people who
deserve it reporting the stories you
want to hear about I loved it I've had a
great time and so have millions of our
viewers across the UK and across the
world
but when YouTube cut off ad revenues for
video channels like ours we had to find
another way to pay the bills because we
have staff here in the UK we have Jack
buck be cut be our producer we have Lucy
our camera woman our tiga we have kids
whoever is driving us around for eight
hours in a day when we will fall asleep
or if it's been extra set of eyes and
ears as security so I don't get jumped
when I'm out on the street that happens
quite rigging easier we always have to
think about security that's why we built
our studio here in a secret location
with bullets proof doors yes
bullet proof doors that cost money it
built we have to keep paying our rent
and then there's legal fees for when
please turn up at my house at 4:00 a.m.
in the morning that's going to continue
to happen anyone who knows me lasts nine
nine years no it's a continuing trend
okay the Tommy Robinson show isn't free
for us creating videos takes a lot of
work we have a lot of bills every month
YouTube doesn't pay the cover the cost
at all anymore
so in the memo we decide to do what and
meet other media companies have done we
put up a payment we ask people to pay
seven pounds a month to subscribe she
had to pay to see our videos a lot of
people did we've been doing daily Tommy
obviously shows two videos a day with
big stories and me reading in those
papers having a crack bringing your
hoodie for the week if every Friday yeah
but I never liked the payroll instead of
millions of people seeing our stories
now only thousands of people do the
whole reason why I started to do videos
with revell media in the first place was
to spread the message including to
people who have not heard it before if
you're a subscriber I want to thank you
for supporting me
your support has been really important
but I don't want to just talk to people
who already know who I am
who already agree me I don't speak in
echo chamber a lot of these people have
never heard our side their story before
who have never seen the big kind of
videos we're showing I'm not doing this
for a job I'm doing this because I
believe in it I want to read till the
world but I also know we have to pay the
bills we can't do this unless the bills
are paid so I spoke to my friend Ezra
who runs mobile media and I convinced
him to change things starting now all my
videos are available to everybody for
free but it doesn't mean we can run the
operation for free we can't okay cost
real money we're not like the BBC we
don't get 5 billion a year given to us
to run our show
Tommy Robinson show can only carry on if
you step up I made a change for you but
now it's up to you to keep the show on
the air for me I need your help with our
monthly voluntary donation system you
don't have to pay anything if you can't
afford to pay anything but I hope you
can and I hope you will we're moving to
a new voluntary monthly donation system
you choose what you pay every month and
in return I promise to keep bringing in
the content you love if you do this for
me on and keep your show on the air and
I'll work even harder if enough for you
commit to a voluntary monthly donation
of your choosing ok
then Tommy bubbles and shoka stay on the
air and we can keep reaching millions of
people and then there'll be perks for
mega fans as well if you can afford 25
pound a month you'll become an associate
producer of the Tommy problems and show
50 pound a month you can join a monthly
video conversation with us ok there'll
be other benefits as you go up if you
can afford it but even just free pound a
month helps keep the show on the air
this new model allows us to put all the
shows and Tommy Robinson comm for free
I'll be bringing the stories and media
doesn't want to talk about and reporting
from events you can't make it to but we
need to pay the bills to make this works
the only way this can work if you value
the work we do if you value the work we
do ok please help us and I'll keep doing
it so let me hand you over to the
founder of rebel media is relevant
thanks Tommy
we asked you to join the rebel because
we believe in your message and we want
millions of people to hear it so I agree
with you let's take down the paywall but
we need people to voluntarily support
you Tommy will support you with a
production team will protect you with
security and lawyers and we'll spread
your message but we need everyone who
can to voluntarily help us cover our
costs Tommy thanks for caring so much
about the message and to all of Tommy's
fans thanks for your moral support
Tommy convinced me to make all of his
videos free to the world but we need you
to help us do it thank you thanks Rob
there it is you wanted all my videos to
be available for free I listen we've
made the change you want it for now I
need your help urgently need to make
this work I have so many people stop me
and say how can I help what can I do how
can I get behind you this is it it's a
voluntary donation monthly and it will
give us the ammunition to run around the
country bringing you the stories please
become an official support if I head
into Tommy Robinson calm and pledge him
what you can afford every month even if
it's just a couple of weeds if you're
already a paying subscriber please
consider continuing your subscription as
a voluntary donation you'll still get
access to all you haven't rebel media
shows that are on ok
your donation keeps the Tommy Rogers
show on the air and brings you the only
honest news story new show in this
country thanks now let's get reporting
on everything the BBC one
you
