diversity has no place as a criteria for
hiring and promoting in law enforcement
but it appears that's exactly what's
happening inside NYPD I analyze various
topics for you daily many get me fired
up many others frustrate me and then a
few deeply concerned me and this is one
there's something happening right now
inside the New York City Police
Department and even if you don't live in
New York City it should concern you
because there are two global law
enforcement agencies that all the others
tend to follow and I mean worldwide it's
the FBI
and the NYPD that's why I do so many
segments on the FBI when the FBI tests a
new handgun or they decide to make a
switch in the type of ammunition they
use many many many departments not just
around the United States but around the
world follow suit same with the NYPD
when the NYPD writes a new book on
things like disorder control or or
patrol protocols the rest of the world
tends to follow because these
organizations are among the oldest and
the most professional at what they do
and they've literally written the book
on many many of the strategies that
deployed around the world by law
enforcement agencies around the world
but what's happening in the NYPD right
now is very very concerning there's a
reshuffling of Chiefs and senior
management and it's being done there's a
good story in the New York Post about it
but it's being done
quote because the well I should say
because quote the NYPD has been under
pressure from the City Council to
diversify its upper ranks now my sources
inside the NYPD and there are many my
old friends that I worked with are
telling me that this initiative is being
driven by the far-left members of the
City Council but even more troubling by
Bill de Blasio's wife Sharlene McCray
herself a very far left radical now look
I have no problem with merit-based
promotions of anyone who's qualified one
of the best bosses I ever worked with
who was also a gentleman one of the
greatest guys I've ever worked with was
an african-american sergeant a black
sergeant this guy was such an
outstanding Street cop and his
reputation
and preceded him he was an incredibly
well-respected detective with an
impeccable track record I mean this guy
closed every case in one of the busiest
precincts in Brooklyn that came across
his desk and he was funny and he was
witty and he was engaging and he treated
us incredibly well he's a tough boss he
demanded you do your job but he was a
guy that commanded respect he was a
lawyer it was actually a New York City
police sergeant and a lawyer
and he commanded respect and you did
your job better you didn't want to let
the guy down you aspired to rise to his
level on the job his color had nothing
to do with that he wasn't promoted
because of his color he was promoted he
had the respect he had because of his
work ethic because of his
professionalism because of his
competence because of the way he
interacted with people and respected
them I had friends who were Hispanic
officers and an Asian officers and and
women and gay and all of them people
that I chose to work with and ride with
or row or work on certain special teams
with were people that I trusted their
race their sexual orientation their
nation of origin their their religion
none of that mattered to me nor didn't
mine to them because we're all wearing
blue and those bullets the bad guys
might fire at us they didn't care they
didn't care if my partner was gay or my
other partner was black or one was
Hispanic or was Jewish or one was an
atheist they didn't care you were gonna
be there dead or seriously injured just
the same and so you learn to back each
other up and you treated people the way
they treated you that's why I have to
laugh when people say law enforcement is
a racist institution it's probably the
most non racist institution on the
planet I've never seen more interracial
relationship relationships than I've
seen in law enforcement it was
commonplace it was commonplace among
cops are cops and members of the public
that they met there were it was it was a
really a colorblind job and these false
narratives from the left and an group
like groups like black lives matter
really are unfortunate because they
tarnish the great work our
law-enforcement people do day in and day
out they're colorblind I've said this on
the show before when I would get a
priority call and we were racing lights
and sirens that violent crime in
progress we never went over the radio
and said what color is the victim race
is the victim what religion is the
victim what gender is the victim what
sexual orientation is the victim we
didn't care we were going to get there
as fast as we possibly could to save
that person we never even asked those
play those questions forget asking them
there weren't even on our frame of
reference we get asked the race the
gender the description of the offender
because we wanted to catch them
on behalf of that victim so so to say
law enforcement is racist is really
ridiculous but this reeks of racism
because this is a group of far left
radicals in New York City saying we
don't care if the existing rank-and-file
is competent we don't care if the
existing upper management is confident
we want to change the complexion of the
department at the risk of changing the
competence of the department and that is
a really bad thing
that's a very dangerous thing and that
trickles down to the ranks look the
NYPD's always had a problem called the
hook and the hook means if you have an
influential family member friend
colleague that's willing to make a phone
call for you and get you into a better
unit or get you on a path to be a
detective or move you around into some
very elite units and only have a small
amount of open slots
and usually it's a family member and
it's very demoralizing if you don't have
one now I and some other people
understood how to make our own we would
work as volunteers on political
campaigns and if those people got
elected well then they became our hook
but a lot of cops didn't get that and so
they went through their entire career on
patrol and and working in a place they
didn't want to work and demoralize
because somebody else had a bigger phone
call had a more significant person
calling police headquarters saying hey
take care of my guy take care of my girl
move them over into the scuba unit or or
to aviation or to k9 or or the detective
bureau any of these desirable special
units that were given more prominent
stature in the NYPD and if you didn't
know how to do that on your own if you
if you didn't have the entrepreneurial
spirit you go out there and make your
own hooks it was a tough ride for you
you you sort of floundered on patrol and
look patrol is the backbone of the NYPD
but like any other job after many years
of doing it you want to change you just
want to change you want to see what else
is out there in the department of forty
thousand people well this is as
demoralizing as that because this is now
telling all of the white officers in the
department it doesn't matter what you do
it doesn't matter what you do if a less
active less competent less qualified
candidate of a different race a
different gender a different religion
different sexual orientation wants the
slot that you are more qualified for
well according to our City Council and
from what I'm being told the mayor's
wife they're probably going to get it so
what's the incentive for cops to be
active what's the incentive for those
cops without the hook that's the vast
majority of the NYPD I would say eighty
to ninety percent and that's probably
conservative don't have that hook that
could get them moved around what message
does this send to them that you're only
worth your race you're only worth your
gender it doesn't matter if you're the
busiest cop in the city and hey it
doesn't matter if you're an
african-american man if you're a black
male cop who's busy and competent and an
outstanding street cop because that
black woman who does nothing well he's a
little more diverse than you are so
we're gonna give her the slot it is so
demoralizing across the board but even
worse it's putting the wrong people in
the jobs that need to be done by the
best of the best these are the jobs that
respond and stop people from being
killed children from being raped old
people from being beaten and having
their fixed income check stolen we can't
afford to have incompetent diversity
hires in these roles we need the best of
the best no matter what their race what
their religion what their sexual
orientation what their gender is it is
irrelevant these are not the jobs to be
social socially experimenting with
diversity but unfortunately
as often happens in New York City the
far-left City Council the far-left
mayor's office and it appears the
far-left mayor's family are putting
political correctness way ahead of
Public Safety
if you like this important content and
it really is important I really want to
keep getting this information out to you
please subscribe to our premium service
at www.mediaed.org this
you
