out of all the provinces Alberta spends
the most on government handouts to
businesses and sees the least amount of
return I can't believe that handing out
low-flow showerheads and free lightbulbs
was a bad investment a new report from
the University of Calgary school of
public policy says that Alberta gives
more taxpayer handouts to private
enterprise than any other jurisdiction
in Canada $100 more per capita than the
next closest jurisdiction Quebec
according to 2014-2015 numbers if that
money were left to you instead of a
company the government picked you would
be six hundred and forty dollars richer
every single year even more shocking the
report said that half of the overall
subsidies handed out to companies fail
to improve the economic performance of
the company which is so often the Rasch
now the government uses for giving your
money to a private company it'll create
jobs in the economy blah blah blah
apparently at least half the time that
isn't the case it gets even crazier
though eleven percent of the subsidies
handed out had no rationale or metric to
measure the benefit to the taxpayer at
all it was just free money gone Alberta
was also excoriated for being the
jurisdiction in Canada with the least
amount of transparency around government
subsidies instead of having information
about how taxpayer dollars are allocated
to private companies just readily
available to the taxpayer here in
Alberta you have to jump through hoops
and the procedural rats maze of having
to file a Freedom of Information report
to get access to this information it's
not something that normal busy people
just have time to do in Alberta small
businesses in agriculture were found to
be the two most subsidized
industries interestingly enough those
two business demographics have been
highly targeted by the NDP over the past
two years through increased taxes and
regulation farms and ranches of course
faced increased regulation through the
NDP's farm
unionization law bill six and the
oppressive carbon tax all of this costs
money and Alberta's small businesses are
facing many of the same challenges that
Alberta farms and ranches are exorbitant
energy costs through an ever-growing
carbon tax and increasingly onerous
labor regulations like a hike in the
minimum wage and changes to holiday pay
and sick leave that are costing
Alberta's small businesses thousands and
thousands of dollars every single month
the NDP solution to the ballooning
financial burdens on farms and small
businesses is to give them subsidies
according to the Alberta jobs plan to
diversify the economy the Alberta
government is handing out Alberta
innovates small business vouchers
handing out cash through a community and
regional economic support program
offering grants to support food
processing jobs in support of the
agriculture industry and giving out ten
million dollars to help farmers reduce
their emissions and save on their energy
bills in short the NDP solution to
taking too much money from small
businesses and farms is to just cycle
the money they've taken through the
hands of a hundred different bureaucrats
bleed it off along the way and give some
of it back to us in the form of a
handout - the NDP's favorite pet project
like the ridiculous free light bulb and
low-flow showerhead energy efficiency
program that was born out of the carbon
tax proceeds only the NDP could try to
tell us that paying an out of province
company a pile of taxpayer dollars to
install a light bulb that you already
know how to screw in and that cost under
$10 is a good investment for our money
subsidies seem to be the first
inclination of big government to
economic challenges facing small
businesses when in reality handing out
cash without any form of accountability
should be the absolute last resort if
any resort at all I've got a better
solution than subsidies we do what
Donald Trump is doing Walmart's
employees just got a $1,000 bonus and a
raise in their base pay
eighty other companies have publicly
announced bonuses wage increases or
other kinds of benefits since President
Donald Trump signed his tax reform into
law on December 22nd cut taxes cut
regulations eliminate trade barriers
government shouldn't be picking and
choosing winners with someone else's
money because as we just learned in this
recent report they are really really
terrible at it
most companies like most people like me
we don't want handouts we just want to
be left alone for the raveled media I'm
Shiela gonna read what you just saw
there is my daily video but did you know
that I have my own full-length show here
on the rebel it airs once a week on
Wednesdays it's called the gun show to
get access to my show and the rest of
our exclusive premium content become a
rebel subscriber today
you
