the news if you like for us is that that
wasn't news it was just yet another case
where by the police unless there's an
absolute body stone-cold dead on the
ground don't want to know about it in
response to justice for Nikki campaign I
saw so many comments from local people
in badly and Jewsbury saying that's what
it's like up here this happens all the
time constantly people telling me they
were religiously emotionally targeted by
members of the Muslim community so let's
brought us back to bat me I mean badly
today I'm gonna meet a leading
journalists here man he's starting his
journalism career forty years ago in
this town he's run the local newspaper
after 25 to 30 years and we're gonna
hear from him so he can tell us what
it's like here was this a one-off it's
his regular what's it like is it other
communities placed equally as talented
journalists here 40 years ago and I was
the editor in chief of the newspaper
group that covers all of this area north
Kirklees from 1993 I set up my own
business my own newspaper in 2002 in
large part because I was frustrated at
what was happening and also the fact
that the mainstream media was just
pretending this wasn't going on we've
started our newspaper fifteen years ago
now with a campaign on the drug problem
and and the fact that I have got lots
and lots of friends who have lost
children and grandchildren to heroin
overdoses and nobody and it would
anywhere else in any other city in it
any of the area of criminality this
would be called an epidemic and I was
having a you know and and yet I was
thought like I was in a bubble where no
one was willing to admit what the
problem was because of which community
the problem was rooted in we have one of
the biggest heroin problems in the UK
that to me I don't care about the
religion I don't care about the color of
the creed I care about the crime and I
care about the victims and I care about
the fact that we creating bigger and
bigger more divisive problems in our
communities by failing to address them
because that is why you've got you know
two communities completely at odds with
each other
we have a climate and a culture now
whereby people particularly in the you
know the the established white community
the old-fashioned dusarian Butler
community have a sense that there's one
set of rules for one community the
one set of rules for the other yeah and
it isn't just crime as well it's
everything I mean well we've had
electoral fraud with an electoral fraud
in this town for four decades now
whereby you know intimidation at the
polling balls attacks on candidates
people going around house to house
making people feel like you know make
Muslims Muslims Muslims making Muslims
fill in a ballot form we've exposed it
local we have had one or two really
really really strongly you know
individual Muslim councillors and
community representatives from this area
it all stood up against it and said
listen you know we're making a problem
for ourselves here by not addressing
these problems so you know we get on the
story we run it the police turn up
listen the Muslim community liaison
officer to talk to the victims he leaves
the incriminating evidence with her and
so do you ever think about this for a
few days and so then she tears up the
ballot paper which the cat that it was
actually the the daughter the daughter
the talker out making the complaint this
for a long long time was the the police
station you can still see it still is in
it to all intents and purposes but all
but all you've got here now is an
administrative presence basically the
entire police command structure now it's
ten miles up the valley
Hollis field which is a completely
different demographic it's got all its
own different crime issues if you like
its different community issues and you
know I've quite often said that there
were whoever is commanding the police in
this division now probably couldn't find
deer in battle eternal if you give him a
shot now there was a Sunday afternoon
and a police cast came apart upon a
public disorder in Ravens film that's a
neighborhood in Dewsbury and this was
Muslims fighting Muslims they stopped
that made a couple of arrests they got
the guy in the back of the car suddenly
a mob depends on the descends on the
police car they whatever their car
scientists for officer needs assistance
there was one traffic patrol car in this
division which is a hundred and eighty
thousand people
he attends they get the mobs to break it
up the rest this guy took him to dues
with police station the next thing you
know the entire the entire arterial
route between another field and work
field is shut down with a mob of
hundreds who are storming over stolen
cars and demanding the release of their
friend yeah all of a sudden the police
don't know what they do they don't know
this nickel if there's a delay enough of
them you know they've got a cough 2h
queueing won't feel to get some
assistance and backup and basically you
then have a couple of community figures
from the Muslim community to come out
and agree to negotiate an arbitrator and
talk to the gang and talk it all down
they're dispersed you know the guys
released without charge
until next time just what you've just
spoke about there is I spoke about in
Birmingham where I saw them someone
bricked a police officer then all the
Muslims come with the Imam to the to the
police station said let him go now and
we wait on line on one the left-wing
books and they let him go when I went
for my next meeting with permanent
police I asked a police officer did this
happen and he said yes I said so who
controls and that's happens in this area
it's happening across our country who
controls the ste streets is it the
police or is it no no no it isn't the
streets it isn't the police anymore and
and I mean I've I mentioned just before
we came out a situation last year were
they were I mean there is there is there
is gangland crime going on around here
on a daily basis and and itself police's
so we had a case where houses were
getting broken into Muslim houses where
people had golden and a lot of cash on
the premises old ladies were getting
knocked over someone was coming in
robbing them obviously an inside job
from within the community but the
community set about sorting it out
itself now a friend of mine his brother
was up a roof doing a job on a Muslim
pilot town but suddenly there's a mob
surrounding the house wanted him down
because they think he's involved in
these robberies he wasn't a prominent
local Muslim businessman vouched for him
the the crowd backed off he then gets a
phone call saying we want you to come
along to a community resolution hearing
and if you know what's good for you
you're going to come now that might
sound like a threat but
said know you've been aggrieved against
it's in your interest if you want to
keep working in our community for you to
turn up so I did do middle of them with
other Muslim community in several town
and basically it's this Uriah car he's a
white guy is a tradesmen is a roofer but
and and he's kind of like you know a bit
nervous about all of this because he
would be but when it goes in there's a
panel sitting there and the hearing
takes place and basically he's invited
Willie what would he accept the apology
of the people who made the accusation
against him
and so obviously it's in his interest to
say yes you know get out of there
without any more bother the interesting
thing is this to police officer sir
observing to police at serve the Sharia
Court try in a non-muslim they would say
it was a they would say it wasn't the
fury of God but that's what he says all
intents and purposes it was being based
here for 30 years seeing evidence gone
on the stories what would you say the
future is he say to future is for the
serving well I rolled you see I wrote a
book in 2011 called the Islamic Republic
ideals of you and I haven't seen much to
change my mind about what's gonna happen
with this community sensibly looking at
it might sound like a little bit of a
provocative title for the book but
actually it's more of a social history
it's actually explaining you know where
the town was what the town I grew up
with my Irish Catholic background what
we were as immigrants with the Polish
immigrants that came after the war and
and then the the new wave of immigrants
in the fifties and sixties and and how
that has changed you know that
everything about the town beyond all
recognition some people will tell you
that's cultural enrichment I can't say
that I see I'll feel that you know but
I'm still here and still just trying to
do a job as a newspaper man and and and
and you know and hold them and hold a
mirror to the people that are making a
lot of decisions that affect a lot of
other people and not themselves the only
one thing I'd like to ask about is local
politician healthy
ciara Joe Cox was murdered indeed it is
the other office was just a hundred
yards from us so the map the man who
murdered her
Thomas Mayor Thomas Mayer because I
don't need a hey we shouted Britain
first or put room first yeah that was
friends of mine were witnesses inside up
and and and I heard about the actual
jackandjill within 20 minutes of it
he was Tommy Mayer was none and nobody
around here it was a loner an absolute
one-off he didn't have any political
affiliations that we know about it was
just a sad tragic thing and I think the
groundswell of feeling here was you know
why don't you pick on somebody your own
size me just a harmless
you know well-meaning young lass like
Joe but you know it was just it was an
absolute tragedy in in all of my years
in journalism I've never known anything
quite like that then that week in this
tell Tracy bravin's took over from her
Tracy braving the the famous so gory I
think she's gonna feel as Tracy what
would you say what would you say then if
people said if all these problems are in
this area which we know and the local
politician was Joe Cox you know it's
Tracy pregnant yeah I think nor in these
issues and they're part of the problem
I'm afraid to say you know as
well-meaning as there may well be as
politicians you don't get elected into
it you don't get elected into office in
viewers remotely unless you nurture a
particular part of the Voting community
and that voting community is the biggest
part of it is the Muslim view votes and
of course you know this is not news
again the mosques tell people who
they're voting for
so whether your jaw and your was very
active at it job played the job play as
a Muslim card you know she went into the
mosque she you know she wore the
headscarf
when Tracy was canvassing last year she
was out and about just right behind it
in in Mount Pleasant come with Sydney in
the headscarf on a street now things was
down the street the local politicians
and other laws when she's wearing a
headscarf she's knocking him off she
showing them unto you
she's showing her mind for you I'd like
to think that this time for Tracy has
only been in office just over a year I'd
like to think this time for to see the
why I said you've got to actually bring
some cohesion to this community Tracy
and represent both communities not
separately but when she's going on their
radio station talking about the issues
in Palestine when she's talking about
global issues don't affect the price of
bread on there on the high spirits and
young English you know I mean regularly
so so you know it's it angers a lot of
people and and and I get the realpolitik
coffee got numbers the people in this
area feel sold out to these issues
that's it's one of the it is one of the
one of the contributing factors and I
was a cetera is nearly the job you'd
like to think that she could grow into
and understand that she's becoming or
risks becoming part of the cultural
problem and not the solution I think
it's just this political sensitivity
it's our God you know we can do without
this we can do without the aggravation
with all of the BBC our ITV you know
cameras turning up and actually looking
too closely at how rubbish your job
we're doing and and the and it's
anything for a quiet life and and and
and if we pretend hand in hand and handy
enough that there isn't a problem here
there may be you know I can see out my
time and get my promotion or move on to
the next thing
and let it be someone else's problem I
think that is as much to deal with as
anything else this has become a lot
bigger now than just justice for Nikki
we've now found out these problems are
embedded here and this is a common theme
where the police just don't deal with
them has been preeminence they're
allowed to get away for whatever they
want in this community people have
continually been beaten up and attacked
and the police doesn't do anything so
what I'm asking you to do is continue
sign that petition I'm going to spend
more days up here next week interviewing
more members of the public to find out
how bad and how embedded this problem is
in Jews bring in badly if you can sign
the petition at justice for Nikki calm
and give me more ammunition so we're not
do for Mohammed Ralph who's the Muslim
inspector for this area the police
aren't doing anything then I have a
bigger array of signatures to give him I
think of the minute we're over 20,000 we
went up to 50,000 so please keep the
sign and keep sharing share these videos
you
