hey let me take the opportunity to
introduce your book I'm glad you want to
talk about Iran but I think your book is
on point I want to get the title just
write this book is new it's out it's
called the Quran problem and Islamism
and the sub-headline is reflections of a
dissident Muslim in this book is now
available on Amazon and we have a link
underneath this video for people who
want to buy it directly tell me a little
bit about the book the Koran problem and
then I'm gonna ask you how difficult it
was to get this thing published because
people are so afraid to publish the
wrong thing on his eye tell me a little
bit about the book first thank you thank
you so much for talking about that the
book as the title is of the book the
Quran problem and I have deliberately
put that as a title it is the heart of
the issue and heart of the book what is
the Quran problem the Quran problem is
the Quran is a text before it was a text
is a revelation to to the Prophet to
Muhammad and when the Prophet was alive
1400 years ago and more there was no
Quran it was simply what the Prophet
said what the Prophet spoke he was the
authority in that sense of the term
after his death it was collected his
words were collected together and it
became what we have today the redacted
version of the text that is the Quran
and the authority figures at that time
declared when the text is the Word of
God so okay it is a text whether it is
the Word of God or not it is a matter of
belief but it is a text and like any
text whether it is the Torah the Bible
or taking the US Constitution any text
is first and foremost open to
interpretation how it is read who reads
it and what interpretation is given to
the text or the parts and chapters and
verses of the text and then how it is
used to legitimize Authority so the
people who do the interpretation and
who then enforced detects as law and
legitimating factor of people with power
and so a text they'll become an
instrument of power
my main issue as I point out I go to the
history of this discussion and I point
out is that we have been preoccupied
that is the west and the Muslim world
have been preoccupied over the last say
fifty years forty years if you go back
to the Iranian Revolution that we began
with this with people who had used the
Quran as an instrument of their power
that is political Islam we have been
focused upon them and they have been
brutal the people in power whether it is
the Taliban whether it is the Khomeini
klieg whether it is al Qaeda I see the
governments of Saudi Arabia and so on
they have been brutal in enforcing their
own interpretation on the rest of the
Muslim world that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
