here's the news here's the globe a mail
saying that not only is the Ontario
government jacking up the minimum wage
and then denouncing businesses that
complain about it as bullies talk about
projection but look at this now they are
hiring 175 new business police to
inspect and review how companies are
coping as you may have heard Tim Hortons
stores for example are no longer paying
for free uniforms for their staff
they're no longer paying for paid staff
breaks now that's perfectly legal to
make those changes of course Tim Hortons
franchisees can't just jack up the price
of a Tim's coffee that's done by hand
office but now you've got 175 busy potty
meddlers business police coming through
your Tim Hortons your coffee shop and
making a scene wasting time demanding to
see the manager demanding to go through
the paperwork it's a form of punishment
in itself isn't it we probably need 175
new police in Ontario to handle real
crime but business police is a higher
priority for Kathleen Wynne political
crimes really of objecting to a higher
minimum wage oh and I can guarantee you
that those 175 new inspectors and all of
their support staff was 500 people
they'll be making high five figures
maybe six figures so no more entry-level
jobs no more first-time first job
minimum wage workers and a lot fewer
entrepreneurs but hundreds more tax
sucking jobs to bully the remaining few
entrepreneurs and I can guarantee you
right now not a single one of those
business police will have ever run a
business themselves or had to bake
payroll themselves they don't know what
they're talking about that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the yeas relevant
show no one leaves behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch The
Daily Show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
