a gas-station sign condemning the carbon
tax raised the hackles of the online
left-wing mob but I asked people in real
life about the sign in the online
hysteria just doesn't match reality
starting on the 2nd of January an
independent tempo gas station in Spruce
Grove Alberta put up a sign that said F
+ EP / Trudeau the sign is clearly a
protest against the latest hike in the
Alberta carbon tax that raised the cost
of a litre of gasoline by 2.5 more cents
bringing the total carbon tax on a
leader of Alberta gasoline to 6 point 7
3 cents now the sign remained up for
roughly 12 to 15 hours before it was
changed to read the carbon tax hurts us
all now i reached out to the owner of
the tempo in Spruce Grove I called his
gas station at 9 p.m. on a weeknight and
I found him there doing what most small
business owners do and that's working
late I asked him to do an on-camera
interview with me and he declined he
said that even though he's an
independent franchisee he and his
suppliers are under a lot of pressure
not to be political in their messaging
they're getting that pressure from the
owner of the tempo logo federated co-op
based in Saskatchewan the store owner
said he just doesn't want to cause any
more trouble for anyone else around him
or anyone who has to work with him
federated cooperatives Limited issued a
statement that said yesterday an
independent business in Spruce Grove
Alberta with a marketing agreement to
use the tempo brand posted a profane
message on an electronic street sign
federated cooperatives limited does not
condone or support this message as soon
as notification of this message was
received the independent business owner
was asked to remove it immediately now
regardless of the crackdown from head
office the tempo owner told me that he
got about 80 voicemail messages with
regard to his sign and at least seventy
eight of them were supportive and
positive and the two that weren't he
speculates were from NDP supporters who
wouldn't shop in his store anyway the
owner also told me that he's been in
business since he was 22 creating jobs
in his community for at least 40 years
and that's why he's doing this he cares
about his community
he cares about his customers and he
cares about his staff so I actually went
to Spruce Grove to his gas station where
his sign has a third incarnation it now
reads thanks for your great support I
wanted to see what the temple owners
customers have to say about his sign
because really isn't that what matters
here so just watch I think he did the
right thing and he had the guts to do it
and I'm I'm I'm right behind him and
maybe the people that were against that
sign were probably NDP so what can you
say
no he's speaking the truth so what tack
everyone has their opinion and I guess I
have mine also but we voted them in so
if people want to change we're gonna out
there when it comes to vote time change
it I liked it because I'm not really a
supporter of Trudeau or not Lee so I
liked it I thought that sign was great
somebody has to stop them because you
gotta pay income tax on that
did you know thank you
any money they think we're putting money
in their pocket they're taking it out of
our pocket so I hate to break it to you
federated co-op in Saskatchewan you may
own the tempo logo but you certainly
don't own the opinion of thousands of
Albertans affected by Rachel not least
carbon tax and you don't own the
opinions of those who gas up at this
independent service station now this
isn't the first time that an independent
tempo gas station has protested Rachel
not least carbon tax
last year the country boys group of
companies comprised of two tempo gas
stations and a liquor store in
Strathcona County handed out pamphlets
detailing how they are responsible for
the new price increases in their stores
and how Rachel not least carbon tax is
affecting the price per liter of gas
putting the blame exactly where it
belongs on the NDP government this year
country boys is doing the same thing the
Flyers are back and they are readjusted
with the new increased 2018 carbon tax
schedule courtesy of Rachel Notley again
the man in charge at country boys local
businessmen Clinton Alexander tweeted
that he has had thousands of messages of
support and the couple unsupportive
messages that he did get came from the
same household of NDP supporters so
while the mainstream media is happy to
report the online outrage of trolls with
regard to companies who disagree with
the carbon tax the facts on the ground
are something very very different these
companies are receiving support vast
broad support for their message at the
rebel we've led boycotts before and our
boycotts have worked when URLs
restaurants decided that Canadian beef
just wasn't ethical enough for them
anymore we ran a petition and that
petition forced the company to source
Canadian beef once again this time
though let's do a buy caught when we see
these sorts of companies like country
boys in Strathcona County and the tempo
in Spruce Grove companies who are brave
enough to stand up and speak the truth
and take the heat from their own head
offices online left-wing trolls and even
the mainstream media let's be sure to
support them if and when we can and may
it's time that we just don't send our
messages of support to the franchisees
who are speaking the truth maybe it's
time for us to email some head offices
and tell them to leave the truth tellers
alone for the Raval dot media
I'm Sheila Gunn read did you know that I
have my own weekly show here on the
rebel it's called the gun show and we
talk about issues facing Albertans and
Canadians to get access to my show in
all of our amazing premium content
become a rebel subscriber today
you
