is justin trudeau a fan of a Clockwork
Orange sure seems that way to me
we all know that justin trudeau thinks
it's improper to incarcerate returning
Isis fighters to Canada after all that
might be considered culturally
insensitive in some circles and hey what
the heck boys will be boys you know so
instead of the stick
justin is employing the carrot by hoping
to reprogram these aspiring Canuck
Islamists embracing the hug-a-bug
strategy justin is seeking to transform
our homegrown Sharia soldiers into model
Canadian citizens and could it be that
Justin's inspiration for such a mandate
as Stanley Kubrick's classic film a
Clockwork Orange now if you haven't read
or seen a Clockwork Orange please put
that on your 2018 to-do list published
in 1962 and filmed in 1971 the Anthony
Burgess novel depicts a dystopian
Britain of the near future the nation is
overrun with young gangs carrying out
violent criminal acts but the desperate
government isn't cracking down on the
criminals rather it's embracing a kinder
gentler approach to crime by attempting
to reprogram the hooligans and sometimes
even reward hooliganism is this already
ringing a bell in terms of Canadian
contemporary politics one of the methods
for reprogramming the thugs is an
experimental psychiatric technique
called the Ludovico method combining
some mood altering drugs with constant
exposure to imagery depicting violent
acts the theory is that the patient will
be so sickened by the very idea of doing
anything violent that he'll be
physically unable to carry out any
heinous crimes check out this scene in
which the film's protagonist Alex
DeLarge undergoes the Ludovico method as
a means of shortening his prison
sentence
now the Ludovico method is only part of
the government's crackdown on crime
though seemingly embracing the old adage
of if you can't beat them join them
the government undertakes a bizarre job
creation scheme in which gang bangers
are actually employed as law enforcement
officers later in the film the
chemically castrated Alex actually meets
up with a few of his former colleagues
what follows next is Alex enduring a
severe beating at the hands of the two
constables proving you can put a thug in
a uniform but what remains is still a
garden-variety thug and so it is we fast
forward to non-fictional Canada of today
and we witness the homecoming of several
assorted Canadian Islamists want to be
martyrs returning to our great Dominion
after taking part in various rape and
pillage vacations in the Middle East but
instead of being introduced to a cozy
jail cell they're being dealt with in a
loving sort of fashion such as taking
part in poetry classes I mean can you
actually believe that poetry classes for
Islamist terrorists I'd pay big money to
observe those sessions in any event
things do not go all that well in a
Clockwork Orange the film ends with Alex
reverting to his thuggish ways
nevertheless in the final scene alex is
literally being spoon-fed in
a hospital bed by a senior government
minister who lavishes gifts upon Alex
and offers him a well-paying public
sector job for all the mistreatment alex
has endured kind of like oh I don't know
convicted terrorist Omar Khadr getting
that ten point five million dollar check
and public apology courtesy of the
taxpayer maybe bottom line the parallels
between a Clockwork Orange and how this
current Canadian government treats
jihadis is equal parts uncanny and
unsettling and such lunatic liberalism
is very likely doomed to fail here -
lets just call Justin's life imitating
art brainstorm a Clockwork lemon for the
rebel media I'm David the men's ID
Menzies hey folks if you like that rant
consider becoming a Premium Member and
check out my new show rebel roundup
you
