dr. Jordan Peterson is smart articulate
and having taught at the University of
Toronto and Harvard has a pretty darn
good resume he wouldn't be a bit of a
pariah in academia if he only had the
correct opinions but hold on
Peterson may not be held in contempt by
every school one campus recently hosted
what seemed like a Pro Peterson workshop
and get this it was at a diversity event
let's check it out I don't get shocked
by much but I was pretty surprised when
one of my student reporters at campus
reform stumbled across a brochure from
the University of Rhode Island's Office
of Community equity and diversity now I
know when I say those words your
response is something like but hold on a
sec the school's diversity week has a
theme of youth activism across
identities issues and ideologies and
ideologies so diversity of opinion I
mean obviously the next step is Xing out
the identities part but this is a start
the Monday workshop featured an analysis
and explanation of the self-help book by
Jordan B Peterson twelve rules for life
as it pertains to the youth of today
younger generations face challenges and
difficulties that many of their parents
never went through and for which many
feel unprepared living in a chaotic
world is never easy but with some basic
tips it can become manageable and just
may be enjoyable that's probably the
only time I'll UNAC ly applaud something
in one of these videos go back and
rewind if you need to but yes it seems
like the University of Rhode Island is
giving Peterson a fair crack of the whip
I spoke with the professor and he seemed
just as stunned as I was when I first
received the event description I thought
that any comments of my book in a
diversity initiative would be thoroughly
a negative but it doesn't look like it I
can't help but see it as a positive
thing hopefully more of that sort of
thing will happen because the book
concentrates on the development of
resilience and if there's one virtue
perpetually aggrieved Millennials
actually I mean Generation Z this is no
longer on me
if there's one thing they could stand to
learn its resilience now of course
nothing gold can stay and if you scroll
down the diversity week pamphlet you'll
find an identity crisis workshop which
says many of us are both concerned and
renewed in our work towards true social
justice followed up by cracking the
codes of racial inequity what activists
need to know which asserts the existence
of unacknowledged and self-perpetuating
internal and external structures of
constructed racism but then there seems
to be this one that focuses on disabled
student veterans finally an actual form
of oppression it's illegal to
discriminate based on race sex or
disability but unlike the former to the
latter one does have observable negative
effects as for the inclusion of Peterson
in what looked like a positive light
props to the University of Rhode Island
keep it up for campus unmasked I'm Rob
chin shop if you'd like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
