defense minister Harjit Sajjan has been
using the Canadian government fleet of
challenger jets like they are his
personal minivan defense minister Harjit
Sajjan has racked up more than six
hundred and seventy thousand dollars
inflate costs accumulated in just 17
months flying around in the government
jet fleet he traveled more often in the
expense of planes than even the Minister
of Foreign Affairs Krista Freeland The
Globe and Mail now reports that in
February 2017 Sajan was the lone
passenger on a challenger jet flying
from Ottawa to Washington DC and then
that same Challenger with just sad Jen
on it flew to his home in Vancouver the
cost for the taxpayer for that one
junket alone was over 36,000 dollars
another time in December 2016
sad Jen flew from Ottawa to the Trenton
military base rather than make a two and
a half hour drive in his
government-funded limousine the cost to
trenton sixty three hundred and fifty
eight dollars Sajan took a challenger
jet three times in 2017 to Washington DC
I checked this morning there are at
least four direct flights per day from
Ottawa to Washington DC
these aren't onerous flights they're
only about an hour and 45 minutes long
so why isn't Sajan hopping on one of
these if he has meetings with general
mattis or well anybody else in
Washington DC so I emailed Sagan's
office looking for comment really an
explanation as to why he isn't flying
commercial to a popular spot like
Washington the defense ministers
spokeswoman a person named Bern furlong
gave me this statement given the
importance of a relationship with the
United States we often travel between
the capitals it is important to note
that we often must travel in the
mornings and flights are not always
available at this time due to
ministerial commitments in Ottawa what
they can't they have to travel in the
morning I don't think this is a very
good excuse and I don't
and think they're trying to concoct
excuses anymore why not just shuffle
around your ministerial meetings in the
morning so that you can hop a commercial
flight or take a flight down the night
before like a normal person would now
before someone brings up former
conservative Defense Minister Peter
McCain his use of the Challenger Jets
let me put this into a little bit of
perspective yes Peter MacKay did use the
Challenger Jets a lot I didn't care for
it when he did it but here's the context
that is missing Sachin took 20 trips in
just 17 months totalling 206 hours of
flying time conservative Defense
Minister Peter MacKay took 35 trips but
he did that in nearly four years from
the beginning of 2008 to the end of 2011
and spent a total of 250 hours in the
air Sachin is gonna blow right past that
if he keeps up at his current pace each
one of those flight hours cost the
canadian taxpayer fourteen thousand
eight hundred and ninety one dollars
every single one Mackay was rightly
raked over the coals for his travel
costs the opposition parties you know
like the Liberals even accused him of
using Canadian government aircraft like
his personal limo hmm go figure
but there's another factor to consider
when looking at McKay's travel Canada
was also at war in Afghanistan during
the time McKay took all those flights he
had a much bigger job to do than Sajan
does now
I think Sachin is inflating his
importance by taking the Challenger he
wants to feel important like his
powerful American counterpart general
mattis and we know that Sajan likes to
feel important don't we it's probably
the reason he embellished his military
service saying he was the architect of
operation Medusa Canada's biggest
offensive during our country's time in
Kandahar sad Jen was a major in the
reserves when operation Medusa went down
he certainly wasn't high enough on the
ladder to be the person doing the
planning all of the planning canada's
veterans called Bologna on sad john's
story said jen ultimately apologized and
we called for him to resign at fire
Sajan dot CA but sad jen didn't
liberals Vold Sajan feels entitled to
his entitlements including his own
special version of the truth and now
sahjhan is entitled to other convenience
he doesn't want to wait at the airport
he doesn't want to rearrange his
meetings to take a commercial flight
he's entitled to easy convenient air
travel but this really isn't just a
hardship sad John problem is it I think
it's more of a liberal government
workplace culture problem there is a
complete and total absence of top-down
leadership when it comes to responsible
use of taxpayer dollars for pretty well
everything the government does but for
travel in particular through access to
information filings we discovered Bill
Morneau's assistant taking expensive
water taxi rides when she was in Italy
for meetings she didn't even bother to
submit her paper receipts for hundreds
of dollars of these expenses but when
you have people like Krista Freeland
using taxpayer dollars to hop a flight
to invite herself to a play with the
prime minister in New York and the prime
minister himself taking private
helicopter rides with the agakhan
everything becomes permissible as they
say the fish rots from the top down for
the rebel dot media I'm Shiela gunnery
did you know that I have my own
full-length show here at the rebel it is
called the gun show and we focus on
Alberta and Canadian politics to get
access to my show and all of our amazing
premium content be sure to become a
rebel subscriber today
you
