Iran is going through a set of really
catastrophic events economically
environmentally and socially
that's a backdrop to the protests now
obviously we don't know in great detail
what's going on because news is
trickling out piecemeal but it's clear
that there's a sense of profound malaise
and even desperation on the part of many
Iranians who see their country falling
apart around them and there were they're
quite desperate to do something about it
what's interesting to me is after 40
years of Islamic government I mean the
official name in the country is the
Islamic Republic of Iran that so many
people reject that maybe it shouldn't be
a surprise may be living under
theocratic Islam is the best antidote to
people come to hate it but how many
Iranians actually like the jihadists
Islamic theocratic life are these
secular protesters like the woman who
waved her hijab in the air on a stick
are they a minority are they a majority
what's what's your sense of the average
Iranian we don't have good data but the
data we have suggests that Iran is one
of the least religious countries in the
world as measured by mosque attendance I
think experiments like Russia in the
1980s there were really no communists
outside the Central Committee and wants
to discuss the regime collapsed you
found fewer communists in Russia than
say in Cambridge Massachusetts that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch The Daily
Show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
