our organization has a budget of 150,000
dollars a year that we operate on
by contrast that David Suzuki Foundation
has 19 million dollars in assets
according to their website they earn six
hundred and fifty thousand dollars a
year from their endowment fund
they have rafts of lobbyists in Ottawa
and we recently found on the power
corporations report to the Carbon
Disclosure Project that they have been
funding the David Suzuki Foundation for
about the past seven to nine years okay
so maybe they're just doing a nice
corporate gesture but then we find that
in general berta an offshoot of the
Power Corporation is trying to be able
to build a wind farm and if you look at
the David Suzuki foundation's submission
to the Alberta climate plan it's all
about wind farms and so you have to ask
yourself you know that seems like kind
of circular dealing there and perhaps
acting as a proxy it's it's questionable
to say the least
and of course we don't have any further
DeeDee details that's an excerpt from my
weekly full-length show the gun show on
my show I take on the issues of the day
through my Alberta conservative lens and
I talked to the real news makers the
mainstream media ignores to get access
to my show in all of our other premium
content click the link on the screen to
subscribe today
you
