what a year for Canada for the world and
for the rebel and we covered it all we
were one of the only news media in
Canada who correctly predicted Donald
Trump's win in 2016 and in 2017 we
covered him more closely and more fairly
than anyone else in Canada starting with
his inauguration in Washington which we
attended including the riots by an
typhus street protesters we were on the
receiving end of a dose of that kind of
violence - Dion views and NDP extremists
in Edmonton one of those Harvey
Weinstein style male feminists actually
punched our Alberta bureau chief Sheila
GaN read just because she's a
conservative I'm pleased to report that
booze was arrested charged and convicted
of his crime and his civil trial is
scheduled for the new year but it was a
reminder that our ideological opponents
don't believe in debating us they
believe in silencing us that made us
start to take security more seriously
which we needed to do anywhere there are
leftist Canadian professional protesters
when they see a rebel reporter
physically attack no other media faces
that kind of violence it's a deliberate
tactic inflict costs on us both
financial and psychological but here's
the thing it didn't stop us it didn't
work take the United Nations they
officially banned us from covering their
global warming conference in Germany so
what we went anyways and Sheila did the
best reporting of any journalists there
even fun stuff like showing how the
whole global warming conference was
actually powered by giant diesel burning
generators we did lots of serious
journalism like when we reported from
the Israeli town just a few kilometers
from Gaza where Hamas terrorists Rockets
are deliberately fired into Israeli
civilian areas and residents have just
seconds to react a warning sirens where
every bus shelter is also a bomb shelter
or when we reported from the Christian
towns in Iraq that had recently been
liberated from Isis terrorists the
ethnic cleansing done to the Christians
including
Nazi style tactics of smashing
gravesites and torching churches will
have a special documentary on the
persecution of Christians early in the
new year we did reporting and
commentary and we also took action like
our rally of nearly 3,000 unemployed oil
and gas workers in Hemington opposing
the carbon tax that was right before the
new year 2017 boy Rachel Notley hated
that protest and so did most of the rest
of the media that was when we first
started to see a shift a new dynamic the
other media in Canada started to truly
deeply hate us just as much as the ante
for rioters did I don't know why I mean
you'd think we're nothing's were
nobodies for a small news website but I
think rival journalists hated the fact
that we weren't part of the same group
think as then were independent and they
couldn't keep us out well who cares
about them they can do stories about
Justin Trudeau's socks we'll do our own
stories sometimes we have fun like when
David Menzies drove around Toronto with
a giant Jumbotron truck calling for Bill
Morneau to be fired for corruption we do
a lot of billboards because it's proof
that were not just online we're real
life we were the only media in Canada to
take the threat of the m103 Islamophobia
censorship motion seriously other media
either ignored it or hadn't heard of it
or were too worried about being called
racists to even mention the news we had
a thousand people gather including many
new Canadians who had fled from Muslim
countries to oppose the Sharia
censorship here it's not always events
in campaigns we cover the news every day
from the other side of the story we've
produced more than 7,600 videos since we
launched our viewers have watched well
over a billion minutes on YouTube alone
so we're spreading the word not just
here in Canada overseas to Tommy
Robinson became a media star with us
speaking truth about terrorism and just
as worrying the slow islamification of
British society we got involved in
campaigns like the case of Chelsea right
in 2017 Mark Latham joined us in
Australia calling out the Liberals there
we collected petitions for big and small
causes we've done that a lot and then we
keep in touch with petition signers on
the issues they care about that's how we
grow our audience and sometimes we do
actual charity work - like when we raise
more than $200,000 for the two children
of Christopher spear the US are
killed by Omar Khadr the rest of the
media in Canada were fawning over Cotter
and supported paying him ten point five
million dollars it was a good year for
the rebel but it was also a tough year
2017 was the year that Silicon Valley
tech companies decided to attack
conservative media like ours YouTube cut
off advertising money to conservative
channels including ours
Twitter's censored our journalists
Facebook shut down our advertising
account tech companies are actually
worse than a government censor because
there are a hundred percent secretive
and you have no appeal it's tough but
we're still alive thanks to our viewers
crowd funny we're proud of that and
we've taken a maximum transparency
approach to our finances you can see
down to the dollar how much we've raised
and where it's spent at the rebel dot
media slash trust we've had some good
buys some of our talent was so good huge
companies hired them away like Gavin
McInnes we just couldn't outbid the
billionaire who hired him away other
teammates went back to school like our
friend Holly others left us over
editorial differences that happens it's
fine that's the nature of the media
business especially with rebellious
personalities but we keep finding
amazing new conservative talent out
there who join our band of happy
warriors like John Cardillo the former
NYPD cop who covers our politics and
blue lives matter beat for us and our
new website focused on campus extremism
called campus unmask and early in the
new year we'll have two exciting new
announcements to make also so that's our
year thousands of videos millions of
views and all 100% independent not a
dime of government money it's why we're
the only independent voice in Canada and
why we're popular in other countries too
just last week the Hill Times newspaper
did a survey of MPs and staff on
Parliament Hill asking them which
journalists they would most like to
silence that was their words silence and
by far the number one answer was us was
me and the rebel
isn't that funny we're barely 1/10 of 1%
as big as the CBC in terms of budget but
the left just hates us they want to
silence us is
that the best praise we could earn then
they haven't silenced us yet but some
are trying we're facing a case of law
fair an extremist anti-israel group has
filed a politically charged lawsuit
against us they will inflict costs on us
and that will burn up our time and our
money but we're still alive we have to
be for all our flaws and for all of my
flaws
imagine if the rebel wasn't around
imagine if no one was here to lead the
protests against the carbon tax or m103
imagine if no one would tell the other
side of the story on everything from
Omar Khadr to mass Syrian migration to
the UN to global warming imagine if all
there was was the CBC and The Globe and
Mail and CNN and The Washington Post
and leftist news websites it's tough now
with Trudeau and Notley and when imagine
if they were completely unopposed in the
media I mean Andrew Shearer and Jason
Kenney and Brad wall have few enough
conservatives in the media as allies as
it is so that's how we end 2017 we're in
a hard fight but we're still alive and
kicking and fighting like hell every day
with new shows and new ideas coming oh
and our app will be ready next week too
so that's my annual report you tell me
is the rebel worth having around I ask
you that because you're the only reason
we are around you're the only reason we
do it if you don't think we're necessary
we won't be able to convince you by now
but if you do think we're necessary more
necessary than ever maybe if we're ever
gonna get this country back on track
then please consider a year-end
contribution to help us out please go to
stand with the rabble calm if you stand
with us and please hit our tip jar with
five bucks or 500 or or sign up for a
premium shows that's just eight dollars
a month that's a great way to help us
plus you get access to all of our shows
that are behind our pay wall unlike the
CBC we get no money from the government
only from you our viewers it's what
keeps us honest on behalf of our whole
team thank you for your support
and good luck to all of us in 2018 we
need your help if you're willing to help
us please go to stand with the rebel
calm
you
