Merry Christmas everyone
now I think it's still legal to say that
but you would never know that it was the
Christmas season at all if you were
following along with the NDP press
releases earlier this month the
politically correct big thinkers amongst
the NDP press secretaries wrote an
entire 500 word press release about the
Christmas events taking place at the
legislature without ever mentioning the
word Christmas even one time the press
release is full of things like celebrate
the season without ever saying what
season they're talking about look at
this sentence here for over 30 years the
Alberta Legislature has celebrated the
holiday season by inviting musical
ensembles from all over the province to
perform festive music in the beautiful
Legislature rotunda this year nearly 50
performers will grace the grand
staircase throughout the month of
December to help bring in the spirit of
the season they're talking about
Christmas caroling here but they can't
bring themselves to say the word
Christmas carols it's madness look in
this paragraph the annual light-up
tradition transforms the Alberta
Legislature grounds into a holiday
wonderland the festivities begin on the
front steps of the legislature building
with the ceremonial lighting of over 500
trees with 180,000 festive LED lights
this year's centerpiece tree which
stands over 60 feet tall is a white
spruce from the edson area they're
talking about lighting the Christmas
trees and the Christmas lights but they
can't say those words this is insane
what on earth is so offensive to anyone
about Christmas lights and Christmas
trees and Christmas decorations and
Christmas carols that the Alberta
government can't say those words this
war on Christmas business isn't all in
my head and sometimes it's not an
all-out outright war it can be as simple
as a war of language
you can't take the Christianity out of
Christmas without removing the word
Christmas from the holiday and that's
what the left is doing here the Alberta
government frequently has no problem
sending well wishes for Diwali for our
Sikh friends and I eat for Muslims I
mean come on who could forget when
Rachel Notley went down into the
basement of the legislature to the press
room and filmed that weird I Eden wishes
video dressed in Muslim garb I'm pleased
to have this opportunity to extend
greetings and best wishes for Eid al
Adha Eid al-adha the Feast of the
sacrifice is the holiest of Muslim
holidays don't get me wrong I don't
expect Rachel Notley to ride into the
legislature dressed as a very pregnant
Virgin Mary on the back of a donkey to
wish me or anyone else Merry Christmas
but for the most well-known Christian
holiday save for maybe Easter I'd expect
her government just to say the word
Christmas once and not play these crazy
language games for the rebel media I'm
Sheila Gunn read did you know that I
have my own show here on the rebel it's
called the gun show and we tackle issues
facing Albertans to get access to my
show and the rest of our amazing premium
content become a rebel subscriber today
you
