when I was in college in Boston the city
you know every year they put up a
beautiful Christmas tree in the Boston
Common and they renamed the Christmas
tree to holiday tree we're not allowed
to call it a Christmas tree and that's
happened in many cities that any
examples are numerous so there's
definitely you know a push to kind of
sanitize the holiday and I do put a lot
of blame on social justice warriors but
another group that we haven't talked
about is the atheists there are large
groups of atheists who are total
grinches and with the ACLU they go
around threatening to sue schools and
towns for putting up nativity scenes or
Christmas trees so a lot of these towns
and schools who are canceling Christmas
holiday traditions or you know renaming
Christmas trees are doing this out of
fear because they get threatened with
lawsuits from these miserable atheist
people who don't even live in the area
so I think that's part of what's going
on - and then and Christian that's so
ironic that those types of atheists
because I know atheists - then they
don't mind it as well but I know the
type you're talking about they want
tolerance and acceptance and even
affirmation for their atheism yet
there's no tolerance and acceptance and
affirmation for anything to do with
Christianity it's just incredible hey
that was an excerpt from my weekly show
rebel roundup in which we highlight the
best stories of the week with your
favorite rebels
if you want to see the full show please
sign up to become a Premium Member
you
