it's Christmas in Canada and the
Liberals are deporting Santa Claus their
crunchiness it knows no ends some big
thinker in the Government of Canada
decided to update the official website
to tell us that they'd have to deport
Santa in it's our fault for driving our
SUVs and using electricity once in a
while seriously just look at this
Santa is moving to the South Pole thanks
to rising global temperatures rapidly
melting arctic ice and growing human
operations in the north
Santa Claus has signed an agreement with
the international community to relocate
his village next year to operate in an
exclusive zone in the South Pole so what
Santa's relocation agreement marks the
first time that the international
community agrees on a common legal
definition of climate change that
includes refugees as corporations as
well as individuals this deal is
expected to lead to the deployment of a
global climate change refugees visa
system that in the near future could
help to more easily relocate individuals
and corporations facing the impacts of
climate change hold on for a second here
Justin Trudeau told me that everyone is
welcome in Canada but he's deporting
Santa to the South Pole
so the migrants are getting welfare now
but Santa's getting the boot you know
Santa should try to walk across the
border into Manitoba one frosty night I
hear that's a good way to get back into
the country but in all seriousness this
is very gross who in their right mind
and the Government of Canada thought
this was a funny and cute idea they're
using a child's favorite holiday to
frighten them into a political ideology
and using government resources to do it
no less let me just say that I am not at
all opposed to using government
resources to make Christmas a little
more fun and interactive for kids the
NORAD Santa tracker is a great example
of this so is Transport Canada clearing
Santa Claus for takeoff every year
the climate change fear-mongering is
like
neither one of those things it doesn't
bring joy to kids it brings unwarranted
worry and fear and it's a thing these
liberal grinches seem to do every single
year isn't it instead of allowing people
to be merry and bright they try to make
you feel guilty and ashamed for strange
political reasons this santa climate
changed North Pole baloney it's not
exactly new it was perfected a few years
ago when CBC environmentalist charity
case David Suzuki made a weird video
saying that Santa and the reindeer would
meet a watery grave because of fossil
fuels just watch this is David Suzuki
live from the North Pole climate change
has forced Senna to pack up his sleigh
and find a new home this holiday season
makes Santa's wish come true with a gift
you buy here you'll help him set up a
temporary workshop until he can return
of course you know we really won't be
sending stuff to Santa you'll receive a
tax receipt for 100% of your gift
purchase with proceeds supporting our
work to protect Canada from threats like
climate change please give generously
the future of winter may depend on it
live from the North Pole I'm David
Suzuki hey kids
mom's SUV killed Rudolph in the up on
the Shelf was on strike till he gets 15
bucks an hour Merry Christmas everybody
but it's not just climate change these
people will co-opt Christmas for any
left-wing reason every single year some
historically illiterate crazy person
actually a few years ago it was
Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas who
tried to sell the idea that baby Jesus
was a Palestinian refugee to push his
anti Israel Pro refugee agenda and then
there's this wacko a professor at Boston
University who thinks that jingle bells
is racist and perpetuates whiteness
whatever that even means and a couple
years ago some feminist busybody tried
to tell us that the song baby it's cold
outside his rape culture social justice
never takes a break from annoying people
never and I think most of us have come
to terms with the reality that today's
liberals are a bunch of guilt chasing
fun burglars wanting to indoctrinate our
kids and that is probably never going to
change
but what I won't tolerate is government
using government resources to scare
little kids into liberalism Merry
Christmas everyone for the rebel media
I'm Sheila Gunn read it is the Christmas
season but that doesn't mean that it is
safe for Christians in northern Iraq to
celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ if
you can help us give humanitarian aid to
Christians in northern Iraq go to save
the Christians calm
you
