talk about the law of unintended
consequences apparently when the
majority of Britons voted yes to brexit
who would have thought that such an
affirmative vote would lead to a spike
in Islamophobia directed against Muslim
soccer players come again a news item
landed in my--in basket the other day it
was from Sky News which was stunning
given that I originally thought that the
source was the onion here's the headline
folks brexit vote sparks rise in
Islamophobia against muslim footballers
at grassroots level and the debt goes on
to state players and staff say verbal
and physical abuse is a regular feature
of non-league clubs fixtures since the
vote for brexit well can you believe it
apparently Islamophobia has reached a
fevered pitch in the UK and it's all
because of brexit by the way you want
some evidence of Islamophobia okay you
got it
apparently some Muslim players have been
catcalled from the stands Wow can you
imagine trash-talking and ball busting
at a British soccer game coming from the
mouths of them that happened yesterday
year sparked riots in which people have
actually died at soccer stadium well
knock me down with a feather so it is
that Troy town send an education officer
with kick it out which is an
organization that monitors racism in
soccer told Sky News quote I was always
worried about brexit and the outcome of
that and I think what we found now is
people want to take ownership a lot more
end quote this is I think known as
flawed logic it's akin to I like Merlot
wine Hitler liked merlot wine therefore
I am an ACCI the sky news story goes on
and on and on some 1,200 words are
dedicated to how tragic brexit has been
in terms of the spike and hence Lima
phobic comments at soccer games but
come on why blame brexit for this surely
there are other factors causing an
increase in Islamophobia on the pitch
how about climate change or the election
of Donald Trump or maybe the Atlanta
Falcons losing to the Patriots in the
Super Bowl yet in the Department of
burying the lede the true nub of the
story is found near the bottom namely
when it comes to verbal abuse faith
related insults make up just 2% of the
nasty soccer chitchat that's right
faith-based bashing as in all faiths not
just Islam accounts for 2% of the verbal
nastiness meaning that according to my
faith at least the other 98% of bad
language pertains to other subject
matters so why is there a crusade
against Islamophobic remarks in the
first place given that these comments
what appear to be a percent of a percent
oh and by the way forgive me if I roll
my eyeballs when I hear anyone connected
with organized soccer fretting about
Islamophobia because this is a sport
that officially embraces anti-semitism
for example check out how FIFA the world
governing body of soccer accommodates
the bullies of the world when it comes
to Israel's participation in the World
Cup because many of Israel's Middle East
neighbors won't share the same pitch
with the so-called sons of pigs and Apes
Israel has to qualify for the World Cup
by playing in the European division hey
Kate the world's toughest division so
even though every nation in the world
plays against opponents in the same
geographic region somehow FIFA views
Israel as a European country even though
it's not even in the same continent not
only is this a politically motivated
decision it makes for a despicable
concession to those backward bullies in
the Middle East that literally won't
play ball and the added tragedy here is
that Israel will likely never earn a
World Cup berth due to the number of
European powerhouses it must compete
against yet FIFA is apparently fine with
those kind of politics and with that
kind of anti-semitism but if
one way up in the bleachers says
something deemed to be Islamophobic well
by gully let's strike a Royal Commission
and if we can somehow blame brexit for
this alleged spike in intolerance then
that's a lefty double play for the ages
does one laugh or cry for the rebel dot
media I'm David the men's ID Menzies
like what you just saw then click
subscribe below and never miss another
rebel video
you
