Donald Trump jr. and his lawyer are
demanding an investigation in Tatem chef
after chef left a December 6 2017
closed-door House Intelligence Committee
hearing at which Trump jr. was
testifying and right at the exact times
shift would leave the committee hearing
Manu Raju from CNN would tweet
confidential non-public information that
had just occurred in the committee but
really wasn't too hard to see who the
leaker was now remember that phrase I
just used non-public information let me
read you a couple of excerpts from Don
Trump jr. Donald Trump Jr's a lawyer a
guy named Alan footer fauces letter you
Michael Conway Conaway the chairman of
the permanent Select Committee on
Intelligence over in the house he's
referring to the December sixth
testimony of Donald Trump jr. nine hours
of testimony that day we're gonna get in
in a second we get into why that's so
egregious but Trump juniors attorney
writes quote at approximately 101 p.m.
while the interview was in progress
members of the committee and or their
staff began selectively leaking
information provided during the
interview the various press outlets most
notably CNN he then goes on to say see
CNN's monde Manu Raju on December 6th
2017 at 101 p.m. and 429 p.m. a tweet
from CNN's April D Ryan on December 6
2017 at 3:57 p.m. in an article filed
shortly thereafter by mano rouse you and
Jeremy herb of CNN so in other words
from an investigative standpoint I've
told you this on the show before the a
timeline is everything you've got Adam
Schiff and or members of his staff
leaving the committee hearing in a
minute in some in real time CNN is
leaking information that I mean from
this on financial non-public closed-door
committee
I'm juniors attorney goes on to say
quote after the interview the public
release of confidential the important
phrase non-public information by
committee members continued unabated for
example that same evening in the
following days several members of the
minority the Democrats including
representatives if here and swall well
appeared on the news to discuss certain
details of the interview and in an
attempt to discredit my client on jr.
they did not accurately portray the
breadth scope and substance of the
interview this is incredibly incredibly
troubling now the non-public information
is important in he why let me read you
what shifts spokesman we review the
denial if spokesman the denial which is
really an admission the shift spokesman
a guy named Patrick Boland responded by
saying quote a congressman and his staff
do not leak classified our confidential
information he never said that they
don't and didn't leak non-public
information which is the actual
classification for information in this
closed-door hearing didn't die leaking
he then goes on to say and this is one
metal one that'll make your blood boil
vote we do not permit we being
representative Schiff and his staff we
do not permit witnesses to represent
publicly but they are fully cooperating
with our committee and privately refused
to answer questions pertinent to our
investigation on the basis of meritless
claims of privilege he's saying there in
his spokesperson speak is Don jr. and
his attorney said they're gonna go in
and fully cooperate with with the
committee during the questioning
probably by Democrats on the committee
from jr. and his attorney in conference
made a decision that the question being
asked was covered under some type of
privilege but have been executive
privilege a conversation he had with his
dad after his dad was president it could
have been attorney-client privilege
conversation he had with his lawyer or a
transition team lawyer but they made a
legal decision which is completely
permissible under our Constitution it's
why we have a bill of rights and why
you're given legal protections you know
the right to remain silent you have a
right to an attorney your Miranda rights
and all that fun stuff even though it
wasn't under arrest but you have an
absolute right to counsel under our
Constitution they made a legal
constitutional determination that some
of the questions being asked if answered
would violate privilege anybody was not
willing to waive that privilege but Adam
Schiff didn't like that so Adam Schiff
what he's really saying here is I find
your constitutional claim of privilege
meritless and Adam Schiff is really
really nervous as he doubled down on
this bogus Crump Russia collusion
nonsense he doubled down on the fake
news dossier and this whole house of
cards gonna come crashing down and he is
gonna be severely politically damaged on
the national level maybe not so much in
his far left blue district in California
but any any political capital that he
has in the house especially with
Republicans will disappear overnight he
knows that and he may very well be
sanctioned possibly lose his Senate seat
if the leaks were egregious enough
now this is particularly troubling and
and what Republicans and conservatives
need to do is galvanize together and
they need to go to the the Chairman
chairman Conaway of the house permanent
Select Committee on Intelligence and say
look we believe in the rule of law we
believe in transparency if asked to
testify before your committee will come
you don't have to subpoena us on the
condition that representatives Schiff
beer and swallow and their staffs are
not present for our testimony or other
Democrats on the committee they're
Republicans on the committee we're not
asking for all the Democrats to be out
of the room that would be unfair we're
not asking for only hardcore
conservative Republicans and no never
Trump has to be in the room that would
be unfair we have no problem coming to
this committee but until the house
launches a thorough investigation and
maybe even the FBI on these leaks we
will not testify in front of those three
members because we don't feel that they
will hold our confidences and they will
play by the rules and Republicans and
conservatives are entitled to them
Donald Trump jr. now full disclosure I
know Don jr. I think he's a great guy
and I think it's one of the most honest
ethical guys I've ever come across
I really do and I that's not personal
bias knowing the guy I've just watched
the guy operate and I think the guy does
everything completely aboveboard
this is nonsense Don Jr has now
testified for about 23 total hours under
oath on a 20-minute opposition research
meeting he took before Donald Trump was
ever elected president with a Russian
lawyer who was permitted in the country
by the Obama administration we now know
that whole thing was a setup by fusion
GPS while they were being paid by
Hillary Clinton excuse me so we know the
whole meeting was a setup Don jr. has
testified for about 23 hours on that 20
minute meeting in contrast Hillary
Clinton only testified for 11 hours
total on the entire Benghazi massacre in
tragedy we're in four Americans died one
of them being our ambassador and do you
know how much time Hillary Clinton has
spent testifying on all of the crimes
and wrongdoing she's suspected of
private servers mishandling of
classified information uranium one and
the list goes on you know how much time
Hillary Clinton spent testifying zero
not a second not a minute not an hour
not any part of any day
dear Oh not a second of her life has
been spent answering questions about
clear and present wrongdoing where cut
wrongdoing if Don jr. has had to spend
23 hours testifying on a 20 minute
meeting and there wasn't even a hint of
wrongdoing and that's why Republicans
going before that committee
should refuse to testify of shift spear
and soir Waller in the room we know
Republicans aren't being given a fair
shake
because when Andrew McCabe the embattled
I would argue corrupt conflict
conflicted about multiple conflicts of
interest surrounding Andrew McCabe his
wife leaves $700,000 from Clinton fixer
and Ally Terry McCall a former governor
of Virginia when she was running for the
Virginia State Senate received that
money for her campaign Andrew McCabe and
/ Hillary supporter and operative now
the stroke tax Peter stroke texts
talking about meeting in Andy's office
discussing contingency plans to keep
Trump from winning the presidency Andrew
McCabe testified to Congress couple of
weeks after Don junior more recently
here in December and and and Andrew
McKay there wasn't one leak there wasn't
one leak from the room while Andrew
McCabe testified those same Democrats
held his confidences now that encourages
me because if Andrew McCabe's testimony
had not been damning to the powers that
be at the FBI that weaponized the agency
on behalf of Hillary those same power as
a DOJ and Muller if his testimony had
not been damaging or the people trying
to take down Trump and his testimony had
not helped Trump there would have been
leaks from Democrats talking about how
mccabe was a hero it was dead silence
from that committee on McCabe's
closed-door testimony which tells me
that a the democrats were in the tank
with mccabe that would never dare leak
on him and be the info mccabe provided
was not good for the democrats
and what did Adam Schiff do so after all
this comes to light after Donald Trump
Jr's lawyer sends this letter the
chairman of the committee
what is Adam Schiff do well Adam Schiff
writes an op-ed in The Wall Street
Journal in which he resurrects old and
now debunked Trump Russia collusion
conspiracies in an attempt to deflect
and cover his tracks because when this
all comes to light Adam Schiff is gonna
be in a boatload of trouble
he is gonna be in a heap of trouble and
he should be because he has done nothing
nothing but subvert the rules and try to
buy us an investigation against
conservatives this is really important
content and as we go into 2018 I'm gonna
be expanding my show to an hour so I can
bring you much longer in-depth analyses
of this constant content combined with
guests that same day you'll only be able
to get it if you subscribe to our
premium service a wwww media or its last
shows you're already subscribing thank
you so so much and thank you all for
watching
