the University of Virginia you would
think that students would be free to
hold whatever of viewpoints they want on
the campus Thomas Jefferson himself
found in nearly two centuries ago but
the school denied a conservative group
from opening an official chapter on
campus caving after only immense
pressure let's find out why
students at the University of Virginia
in Charlottesville tried to renew a
young Americans for freedom group this
semester but or stop dead in their
tracks by the student council you see
young Americans for freedom had the
audacity to require its potential
members to agree to something called the
sharon statement which professes basic
conservative principles like economic
freedom resistance to government
overreach and rejection of communism so
the group wanted its members to share
the same political views pretty sensible
right but ties circle a student council
officer rejected the group saying it
can't grant group membership based on
political viewpoint now if that sounds
illegal to you Congrats you know more
about government than a UVA student
Thomas Jefferson founded UVA he also
authored the Declaration of Independence
in the Virginia statute for religious
freedom said Spencer Browns spokesman
for young America's Foundation the
student groups apparent organization the
irony is not lost that it is UVA that is
violating its students rights it's
bizarre because as Spencer told me other
UVA groups like the queer Student Union
deny membership based on viewpoint title
23 of the Code of Virginia explicitly
states that a religious or political
student organization may determine that
ordering the organization's internal
affairs etc etc are in furtherance of
the organization's religious or
political mission and that only persons
committed to that mission should conduct
such activities the Alliance defending
freedom a conservative nonprofit
representing the students brought up
this point in a December 15th letter
demanding that UVA recognized young
Americans for freedom by this Wednesday
hinting at a possible future lawsuit Fox
News commentator Brit Hume and former
Virginia Governor George Allen both UVA
alumni also criticized the policy and
well on Wednesday UVA reversed its
decision pledging to recognize the group
it's a victory for UVA in
Charlottesville but the region's
institutions still have work to do to
repair a reputation tarnished by the
police failings contributing to the
violence in August the City Council's
decision to remove Confederate statues
despite a clear majority of Americans
favoring them attacks on even the
school's Thomas Jefferson statue and
even really petty stuff like this school
paper editor accusing a white guy with
dreadlocks of cultural appropriation per
campus unmasked
I'm Rob Michelle if you like this video
and support our mission please make sure
to comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
