can you tell me what Barack Obama did in
regards to Hezbollah which is a listed
terrorist group and how it was different
than let's say a law enforcement
oriented administration would have
operated sure yeah so there was an
operation that was run by the DEA the
Drug Enforcement Administration called
Operation Cassandra and it was run out
of US top-secret facility in Chantilly
Virginia and what operation Cassandra
was tasked with doing it was the DEA
working with the FBI the CIA Alcohol
Tobacco Firearms in 30 transnational
liaison partners which is a fancy way of
saying thirty other law enforcement and
intelligence agencies around the world
they put together an ironclad criminal
and intelligence case against Hezbollah
that proved that not only was Hezbollah
a geopolitical theocratic global terror
organization but was also every bit the
cocaine the drug the cocaine heroin and
weapons trafficking cartel that is the
holly cartel in Colombia or the Sinaloa
or Zeta cartels down in Mexico Hezbollah
is a global a global crime syndicate and
when the DEA approached the Obama
administration first through the
Department of Justice where Eric Holder
would have been the Attorney General
then Loretta Lynch and then it got up to
the White House roadblocks were thrown
in the way they weren't allowed to
prosecute anybody they weren't allowed
to take anybody down all to preserve
Barack Obama's nuclear deal with Iran so
in other words a billion dollar global
cocaine cartel that also dealt weapons
that dealt with a central figure it's
like a fiction novel Azra a central
figure called the ghost who was also
known to traffic in chemical and
biological weapons in Syria all of these
actors were allowed to exist that about
a billion dollars was able to go back
over to the Middle East by way of
Venezuela and Africa to further
Hezbollah's terrorist and Hezbollah was
operating openly with the complicity of
the Iranian and Venezuelan government's
out of Caracas using Venezuela as a
transshipment Center to not only get
drugs and weapons into the US but
possibly even terror
actors most terrifyingly we found out
that an Iraqi Iranian cuds force which
is the Iranian Special Forces kind of
like their Delta teams it would be like
our Delta teams and our CIA paramilitary
people rolled in a1 there were cuts
force cells operating in the u.s. that
appeared to have come in via the same
network the Obama administration turned
a blind out of all of it and block the
DEA s efforts to stop it that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
