I have an update to bring you to the
story of the Alberta school division
that tried to censor the Bible in a
Christian school of all places not only
are they anti-christian as we know but
they completely made up the threats they
told the media they were receiving and I
have the proof from the RCMP to show you
remember lorry story of the Battle River
School Division east of Edmonton you can
see all of our coverage about her and
her absolutely atrocious an
unconstitutional treatment of Christians
at the real bigots dot CA I'll give you
the whole sordid sleazy affair in a
nutshell score II was the chair of the
battle River School Division and that
school division oversees an independent
Christian school called Cornerstone
Christian Academy now in cornerstones
Student Handbook they have a Bible
passage from first Corinthians that
passage reads or do you not know that
wrongdoers will not inherit the kingdom
of God do not be deceived neither the
sexually immoral nor idolaters nor
adulterers nor men who have sex with men
nor thieves nor the greedy nor drunkards
nor slanderers nor swindlers will
inherit the kingdom of God and that is
what some of you were but you were
washed you were sanctified you were
justified in the name of the Lord Jesus
Christ and by the spirit of our God
so about sin and forgiveness SCOR II
took it upon herself to decide apropos
of absolutely nothing that this Bible
verse couldn't be in the student
handbook because she felt it violated
human rights and she demanded that it be
removed by the Cornerstone Christian
Academy in doing so score he put herself
at the center of an international
firestorm normal people everywhere were
appalled and outraged that she would
stomp on religious freedom and freedom
of expression this way story claimed
that the backlash she was facing was
unwarranted unreasonable and threatening
she also advised that she had contacted
the RCMP to deal with the alleged
threats she was receiving from decent
Christian people and their allies look
at this email here between a couple of
school division bureaucrats in the
meantime our board chair that's Laurice
Cory here is being personally attacked
by individuals and organizations such as
rebel media she has contacted the RCMP
and so I'm not sure what will come of
that the boards subcommittee is planning
to meet and speak with our legal
representation on how to proceed isn't
that cute how they think rebel media
holding them to account is attacking
them anyway we did what the mainstream
media refused to do a few months back
and we filed Freedom of Information
requests for skouries school board
emails guess what I didn't find
threats I did find a lot of people
offering to pray for her that she gets
some good cents back if she ever had it
and there were a handful of emails maybe
a half a dozen or so that used some
rough language with her but none of them
were threatening in the least okay fine
I actually gave score II a bit of the
benefit of the doubt here because she
could have gotten phone calls that I
wouldn't be able to find or verbal
threats or maybe somebody left something
on her car or at her house you know
weird threats there are lots of ways for
psychos to threaten you that don't leave
a paper trail the paper trail actually
begins when you take those threats to
the police the way law Reese Cory said
she did except she didn't because we
recently filed a Freedom of Information
request with the closest RCMP detachment
the Camrose RCMP we asked for copies of
any documents from anyone held by the
RCMP for the detachment of Camrose
region regarding complaints from
employees of the Battle River School
Division over threats received regarding
a dispute over the cornerstone Christian
Academy since June 1st 2017 so we asked
for any documents about any complaint
from any employee not just score e4
the entire Camrose Alberta region guess
what
absolutely no records were found none
not a single complaint that the records
show any way was ever made by anyone
regarding a dispute over the cornerstone
Christian Academy not a single one so
not only are the bureaucrats at the
Battle River school division
anti-christian but they have a very
loose relationship with the truth as in
they don't know the truth at all they
just waltz out in front of the
mainstream media every single day and
based on the information and research we
gathered so far they lied about decent
Albertans who for the most part we're
praying for them and the school division
played the media they weren't the
victims here Christian parents were
these Christian parents were called
hateful homophobic and threatening and
absolutely none of it was true as best
as we can tell
score II and the Battle River school
division apparently made these
allegations of threats up out of whole
cloth it reminds me of those people who
faked hate crimes against themselves to
get attention
except scoring in the school division
didn't even bother to get to the faking
part knowing full well the mainstream
media would be happy to run with the
story without ever digging just that
little bit deeper for the rebel media
I'm Sheila Gunn read did you know that I
have my own full-length show here on the
rebel it's of course called the gun show
and it airs every Wednesday to get
access to my show and the rest of our
amazing premium content become a rebel
subscriber today
you
