did you see this story a few weeks ago
almost exactly the same time Trudeau was
announcing a million more migrants he
said we need to pay billions of dollars
to ease housing costs
Ottawa's housing plan will create a
hundred thousand new housing units
nationally Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
visited Toronto neighborhood Wednesday
to unveil details of the plan to invest
eleven point two billion dollars to
address the urgent housing needs of five
hundred and thirty thousand vulnerable
families and individuals besa toronto
star hey no we have five hundred and
thirty thousand vulnerable people in
housing poverty now and he just said
he's gonna bring in a million more
people a third of whom minimum we know
in advance will be poor and need housing
help to total cost here forty billion
dollars to help with housing costs forty
billion at least half of that surely
gonna go to the people who are being
rushed into canada with no language
skills for job skills at least half but
it's not just that it if housing prices
are so high put aside all the other
welfare state subsidies treated i was
talking about here what about plain old
economic supply and demand if you bring
in a million more people in just three
years
and most of them are gonna settle in
toronto and vancouver what do you think
that's gonna do to housing prices there
is no such thing as affordable housing
now in Toronto or Vancouver let alone
when you bring in a million new people a
third of whom can't pay their own bills
all housing prices will go up but
low-income housing will be the tightest
and those five hundred and thirty
thousand Canadians having trouble now
well get ready to have hundreds of
thousands more people elbowing you out
of the way competing for a place to live
oh and while a million newcomers will
drive up housing prices they'll drive
down wages especially in entry-level or
unskilled jobs it's the worst of both
worlds that's an excerpt from my daily
TV show the Ezra Levante show normally
it's behind a paywall but I thought
you'd like this video so we put it on
YouTube if you want to subscribe to
watch the daily show every day including
always two interviews today and I read
my hate mail just click on this screen
and become a Premium
you
