with certain stats suggesting that as
many as one-third of all Canadian
children are grappling with being
overweight or obese the solution is
obvious no not better parental guidance
but rather more government regulation
says who says the politicians that's who
so Nancy green rains child health
protection legislation was given second
reading in the House of Commons recently
it's an act that could lead to a
nationwide ban on food and beverage
marketing campaigns aimed at children
the food and beverage industries have
taken exception to the proposed new
legislation for starters the regs don't
even offer a definition for what
qualifies as a unhealthy food I guess
we'll get a definition for that one as
soon as the politicians and bureaucrats
come up with a definition for
Islamophobia I mean hey one in crisis at
a time okay guys in any event I do agree
with the food and beverage industries
contention that parents should be the
final arbiters of what their children
eat and watch these industries also
argue correctly I would suggest that the
proposed law distracts from the real
causes of childhood obesity ie a lack of
balance between diet screentime and
physical activity indeed last year the
annual participation report card gave
Canadian children a d-minus for their
level of physical activity it was the
fourth year in a row that Canuck kids
snagged a d-minus and that letter grade
puts Canada near the bottom of the pack
G is anyone paying attention to the sort
of gospel participation has been
preaching since the early 70s these men
are not evenly matched that's because
the average 30 year old Canadian isn't
about the same physical shape as the
average 60 year old Swede run and walk
cycle let's get Canada moving again this
message is brought to you by the CFL CTV
and it sponsors for participation but
slender Swedes aside is the Child
Protection Act really all about nanny
state politicians hoping to concoct a
solution for bad parenting ie those
parents who always give in to the
demands of junior Wendy clamors for yet
another happy meal then how's this for a
mixed solution just say no and tell the
kid to burn a calorie or two instead as
well last time I looked
junk food was not an age-restricted
product such as tobacco or lottery
ticket
so why should it be regulated as such
and in the Department of perverse irony
let's just consider the resume of the
senator who originally introduced the
bill in the first place namely Nancy
green rein she this isn't the same Nancy
green who went on to score a lucrative
endorsement deal by Hawking some junk
food back in the 70s and 80s is it the
real key to downhill at speed and
balance huh you've got to use your head
at all times looks like you landed on
yours hey it happens here catch Mars bar
makes a great break every Mars has a
creamy smooth Center top with gold and
caramel and surrounded by a thick layer
of pure milk chocolate winning takes a
lot of skill and head work no joking in
the trophy room ask a pro Mars makes a
great break we'll all be darned a
politician embracing the position of do
as they say not as I do
ha who'd have thunk it for the rebel
media I'm David the men's ID Menzies
like what you just saw then click
subscribe below and never miss another
rebel video
you
