remember that pithy quote uttered by
Justin Trudeau while on the 2015
campaign trail namely a Canadian is a
Canadian is a Canadian I wonder if we
can expect the PM to modify that
whiz-bang slogan how about a Canadian as
a Canadian is a Canadian except when he
isn't if even some of the allegations
are true then bozo Joseph avec would
appear to be one nasty piece of work
Joseph avec stands accused of committing
war crimes in Bosnia he was first
allowed into Canada in 1997 and was
granted full Canadian citizenship in
2004 but it has since come to light that
Joseph avec allegedly lied to
immigration officials about his history
in a Bosnian Croat militia and even more
concerning he was reportedly involved in
a 1993 incident that saw several Bosnian
Muslims rounded up and detained in an
elementary school basement according to
court documents seven of them were
killed partially burned and then buried
in a mass grave the 51 year old
Josipovic along with his wife and two
daughters now live near Hamilton Ontario
it's not clear how long they'll continue
to reside there
given that immigration Minister Ahmed
Hassan has filed an action in federal
court seeking to automatically revoke
Joseph's Harvick's Canadian citizenship
expect this case to take months or
perhaps even years to play out but all
things considered do you think perhaps
maybe Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is
experiencing buyer's remorse regarding
his 2015 quote of a Canadian as a
Canadian as a Canadian which was uttered
in defense of well convicted terrorists
if you recall a few days after the
Conservative government revoked the
citizenship of Zakaria Ameri the
mastermind of a terrorist plot in Canada
the Conservative Party released an audio
tape of Trudeau explaining why he
opposes stripping citizenship from
anyone including terrorists in a truly
profound quote that rivals the budget
will balance itself just and uttered
that Canadian is a Canadian etc etc
remark and further commented quote as
soon as you make citizenship for some
Canadians conditional on good behavior
you devalue citizenship for everyone end
quote
that's interesting because of the
allegations against bozo Joe
paulvitch are proven to be true he is
most certainly a Canadian who has
behaved very badly indeed and whereas
the Liberals seek to integrate returning
Isis fighters with poetry classes and
other Harebrained Schemes they seem to
be champing at the bit to strip Joseph
avec of his citizenship and deport him
ASAP but the question is why has Trudeau
perhaps were announced his belief that a
Canadian citizenship is devalued if it's
conditional on good behavior it kind of
seems that way at least when it comes to
the Joseph Harvick case regardless I
think our illustrious p.m. has some
explaining to do regarding this apparent
citizenship double standard and instead
of Justin and his ilk embracing idiotic
mantras such as a Canadian as a canadian
as a canadian or for that matter no one
is illegal maybe when it comes to
citizenship in this great Dominion it
should in fact come down to a
case-by-case basis and that when it
comes to oh I don't know war criminals
or return to sender Isis recruits why
shouldn't we send such vile rubbish
packing in the first place because in
the final analysis such audience
individuals aren't even worthy of
Canadian citizenship to begin with for
the reveled media I'm David the men's ID
Menzies like what you just saw then
click subscribe below and never miss
another rebel video
you
