the fact is Donald Trump has delivered a
string of successes and I will say this
too he has made our government and more
moral government and I'll put forward
these two arguments the first it is
easily easily proven I mean the economy
is going through the roof with lower
unemployment more production our oil and
energy production is up our our
industries are investing in America
again it's just been a tremendous and of
course the stock market's going through
the roof it's been a tremendous year for
the economy Isis if you remember had
23,000 square acres of territory because
of Obama's malfeasance in Iraq and in
Syria it now they now are operating
basically out of a Portus and I think
you know he has wiped them off the face
of the earth the regulation rollback
which is a huge I know it's a boring
that's a boring subject but it's a huge
huge subject the regulation rollback is
the greatest in American history no one
has ever rolled back the government to
the degree Trump has and of course the
judges I think it's now 60 59 federal
judges all of whom very much approved by
constitutionalists all of them in the
scalia mode i mean this is amazing stuff
and the destruction of the mainstream
media or at least the disarray of the
mainstream media which has basically
become a prom though the democrat party
it had just become this spokesperson for
the democrat party dedicated to covering
up the incompetence and corruption of
the obama administration which was very
very deep as we're now learning and and
to taking everything trump says in the
worst possible way you know he's
sleeping with Vladimir Putin described
as a Russian disguised as Russian
prostitutes
he's killing and eating black people in
his sleep you know whatever he's
whatever he says is just taken in the
worst possible way so that that is the
truth about what has happened for our
government leaving aside whether you
like Donald Trump I mean I I started out
hating Donald Trump I thought he was
going to be a mediocrity at best I was
wrong and the fact that most of these
guys can't say that they cannot say I
was wrong
they can't say he's a success they twist
and turn themselves to take his you know
well the defeat of Isis that wasn't him
the economy that's not on him it's all
on him it's all stuff that he has done
and as a result of stuff that he's done
I was just wrong
I got him wrong he's done a great job
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on youtube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
