why can't we just laugh a little more
and why this is so important this is
part three of my interview with
conservative comedian Michael joiner
enjoy yeah so I can tell by your post in
the background you probably voted for
Hillary am i right
I drink cyanide first yeah I was
wondering for you because I've this was
my first real election that I was a part
of mm well I've of 2012 and ago I don't
think jazz Nate I voted when I was in
college and that was the first year of
Obama but I didn't do any follow-up at
all
I voted this is actually a true story me
and like I think with eight friends in
the quad we all voted Republican I think
was I was McCain that year and all of us
got our voting ballots sent back saying
that we wrote down our social security
number wrong but that's that's neither
here nor there that's exactly what
happened and so that that and then I
traveled University University dozen 12
out still at university so I was kind of
in a bubble too obviously of a Romney
but you know whatever I wouldn't leave
following politics this was the first
time I followed it and I was still like
you know just basically college college
college which is a leftist political
nightmare but for you you've traveled
the world you to the United States
you've seen every individual town but
all over the place did you see this
coming where someone like Trump was
gonna win because I didn't see it coming
uh my son who's in the Navy's the
smartest guy I know said don't worry he
went he kept saying I'll tell you this
been to two elections ago when he was
just talking about it I was on the Trump
train i po told my wife they had him on
fox news everybody thought it was okay
now I just talked to trump what would he
do and I when he said what he would do I
said to my wife I went to the kitchen I
said that's what we need and I said let
me tell you something they will call
that radical but if you go back to what
made the nation great
it's simply conservatives it's it's
simply as you know and he he exposed and
I believe God used him he exposed the
Rhinos people who we thought were on our
side that's pretty scary McCain
is one of them now uh just be still be
butthurt because uh what Trump said at
the debates I don't know if butthurt
but um you know who could all the Rhino
I mean one thing about liberals they
stick with each other they will vote
with each other no matter what Obama
could grow devil horns they would still
you know they say it's a condition and
still vote for him yeah can I get the
doggone Republicans I want to look at it
again uh once you say that you just gave
them an N and you gave them hope and so
I gotta tell you what it ain't gonna
happen again we better get it together
and somehow unify because you better
believe they're gonna show up at the
polls this time they're not gonna sit at
home smoking pots and Huffington Post
said it's 98 in two percent Trump so
this ought to be a fun night yeah
exactly
what's that video every time with her
crime I fall asleep with it on it's
fantastic it really is my grandfather
always said is like they're all
criminals up there like obvious I think
there's a lot of good people out there
doing stuff but if you mean all you have
to do your job in essence is just to
tell people what they want to hear and
get reelected every year and that's how
you have job security you're not always
gonna follow through with that but um
yeah and I really hope that things do
move forward because the whole thing I
had this talk was someone that was on
the left and I was talking about
conservativism and basically all that's
happened in the past 50 literally since
Reagan was the the Democrat will get in
and they'll enact new policies and shift
you further and further and further to
basically socialism just step by step by
step every time a conservatives gotten
back in there it's just like let's just
try to not get let it get any worse
let's try to like any worse and it's
just slipped so far Trump's the first
guys like no we have to bang that even
though it's gonna look like we're
terrible people we have to beat it back
to where people actually have a chance
we're not locking these brackets of
success and depending on the government
leaning towards single-payer health care
so that's why I think it's so important
for this guy finally to and you're right
there public's have got got to get on
board like just kidding
let us knock it back a little bit
further to like free enterprise
capitalism please because it's just like
every time just you know never get to
get it back so look just give us your
vote and we'll work on it after and
here's one more thing I wanted to touch
just one little thing I want to say man
no way you're way too young to remember
when it's Kennedy was assassinated
but when Kennedy was assassinated the
whole nation unified and was in tears
if Trump got assassinated it would not
happen if Obama had gotten assassinated
let's be honest it wouldn't quite happen
we need to unify again maybe we won't
agree on everything but we are the
United States of America mhm and I hate
to say it but liberalism is much more
the problem they think they're not but
they're the ones resist their whole
mantra is resist they've got to start
giving in it and consider that maybe
conservatives have some good ideas do
you not want to be kept safe I do not
want a good economy he's not taken away
any women's rights I don't know where
they're marching they're about okay he's
not taking any gay rights even though
I'm traditional marriage he's not taken
away none of that stuff he wants to keep
us safe he wants to make our armies
stronger and so I don't get you know
where they're coming from but we need to
unify or we're in big trouble we have an
enemy that will chop off everyone's hit
in this entire nation they're watching
and they're hoping we never unify and
they're gonna strike if we don't
eventually yeah no I agree
it really is it's as sad and frustrating
to see people so divisive and like you
said it's breaking down those stereotype
of you and your friends and you were
talking about in LA it's like no we're
just human beings and treating each
other as human beings not shouting but
marching the street to destroy anyone
that thinks differently than you like
putting this PC Gestapo out there to
stop any opposing ideas you need you
need ideas on both sides to really cuz I
know can conservativism can get rigid so
you have to like be able to be a little
flexible you need liberals and
conservatives Society you're right it's
just been it's just been sliding sliding
sliding hard hard and you've got to have
that unification I do have a specific
question for you as a guy that's been in
both sides of the industry for a while
let's say like best-case scenario 2020
goes to trial 2024 is there any if there
is there any conservative actor/comedian
out there right now that would be a good
candidate then or so much shoots of
politics any actor that you know should
get into politics is it's like Cinna
Reyes governor and president whatever
the actor/comedian you know that's how
you talk about me okay you know what how
about Kid Rock I do
already was close I don't know if it's a
joke or not I mean I'm I see more stuff
that looks like he's he could really do
it I think you backed out but here's
what I would think I would love to see a
black conservative so that see here's
the thing I a lot of black folks still
have a perception because of what
they've heard about the racism their
forefathers and mothers went through or
whatever but it's a wrong perception but
it's still a perception that it's gonna
be very hard to knock out without a
black person speaking we have ben Carson
of course but he's not up there high
enough Sharpton we'll just use the Uncle
Tom mantra
yeah that's horrible old but I think if
we can get a black person in there huh I
like Steve Harvey sometimes so that
would be if we can get I am an African
American control room boy we would need
to unify we both agree on one thing for
the most part I know quiet calm yet a
black church I mean an all-black group I
know I can mention the gospel and
they're all for me I don't even have to
ask how many Christians I can just start
talking about Jesus and they're cool
with it
mm-hmm for the most part
african-americans are cool with Jesus
and we I believe at the core like you do
it's a spiritual problem
so if whites and blacks could unify in
politics we're gonna kick the devil's
butt we're gonna get back but if we
don't figure out a way to destroy those
wrong perceptions in the black community
and they are they're completely
backwards and off nobody's out to get
you man we love you you know I'll tell
you is out to get you liberals okay
they're playing the games by pandering
telling you what you think you want to
hear and all kinds of stuff and calling
it's if you notice how anti white or
cooled it to be anti white anymore
hey man I'm white I don't like that that
I'm racist come on man let's fight fair
yeah I mean you could just look at any
of the
credit run cities and black communities
like how well they're doing in the
policies that instead of the Baltimore
riots were just absolutely crazy but I
knew I actually do like and I think he
might run for something at some point
it's like Dean Cain likeness of he's
talking about you could see like unless
you soar but I like see Hercules get
like run for something small or
something that'd be pretty fun too but
uh anyway oh yeah for that sort of for
those of you that might have just been
tuning in
so say tell us again about make America
laugh again and how they can get in
contact about it and get information on
the tour whatever yeah I finally I've
been trying to come up with an angle
that could be not political but could
say something that'll help us unify and
of course everybody knows make America
great again what that's Trump's mantra
so I came up with make America laugh
again I own mal a comedy tour calm but
you can find out about any of that at
Michael Joyner calm you ever want to go
I'm gonna try to work a 20-18 tour and
I'm gonna get some other comics it's not
really going to be political it will be
a bit politically incorrect so if you're
a pure lay yourself might get your
feelings hurt but you know what I know
how to make fun of myself I know how to
make fun of Trump as a matter of fact
the other day I was thinking of tweeting
something about how oh sorry that wasn't
Time magazine that was Mad Magazine that
wanted me for the cover I could make fun
of my own guy okay um and I will if I
find something but for the most part I
just want to get us all laughing
together because it's the one thing I
think we can do together and when you've
laughed with someone it's hard to hate
them at least for that moment so I'll
try to throw in a little food for
thought at the end of the concert and so
that's my thing make a make make America
laugh again comedy tour I have a couple
other comics on the bill and I hope to
make that happen in 2018 Michael Joyner
calm as all the info awesome man thanks
for joining us and for those of you who
want to follow Michael Joyner please go
to at actor comic on the Twitter you can
follow him there and he will post a lot
of good controversial stuff for you to
enjoy all right man thank you so much
all right if you like this video and
others like it please consider becoming
a premium member to the rebel that way
you'll have first access to pure
Hollywood and the entire rebel lineup
