Friday night those Muslims chanted in
malmo kill the Jews Saturday night 21
masked Muslims attacked a synagogue in
Gothenburg with Jewish teens in it oh I
guess you're right I don't actually know
the identity of the 21 mass terrorist
because they were masked and I don't see
the names of the three of them who have
been arrested do you think they're
Muslim or do you think maybe they're
ethnic Swedes like those guys and gals
from ABBA who do you think the 21 masked
men were so in one weekend we've got
calls for a stabbing spree from Malmo
we've got a 21 man attack on a synagogue
in Gothenburg in the capital city of
Sweden Stockholm they're only said
anti-semitic things and they only burned
a Star of David flag at least they
didn't actually burn any actual Jews
like you might with a Molotov cocktail
so I guess these are the moderates in
Sweden I started today's show by asking
if you saw this news but that's a
rhetorical question because I already
know the answer to it already unless you
were reading a foreign media source like
I did you most certainly did not see
this news CBC TV and radio have not done
a story on it at least at the moment I
checked before recording this video they
did publish a very brief wire story
about it online only not on radio or TV
and other than a small newspaper called
the Waterloo record not a single
newspaper in Canada printed the story
even though it happened on Saturday
night there were Muslim protests in
Canada - over the weekend here's some
cute kids from Vancouver
so cute eh those girls according to a
translation by benamber if those cute
kids we're saying they look forward to
paying with their own blood for the
Liberation of Palestine from the Jews is
in being terrorists I'd say yeah kids
these days they blow up so fast that's
an excerpt from my daily TV show the
Ezra Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
