well talk about A Tale of Two Cities or
two countries as the case may be
as illegal migrants continue to flood
into Canada and as members of the RCMP
are reduced to glorified bellhops
carrying the luggage of the illegal
migrants south of the border the precise
opposite is occurring namely President
Trump is carrying through on yet another
campaign promise this time securing
America's borders and increasing public
safety and this means allowing law
enforcement to uphold the law and you
imagine so it's bon voyage to thousands
of illegal aliens who have no right to
be residing in the United States in the
first place and with more on this story
we have our us-based rebel John Carr
dello John welcome once again to rebel
roundup my friend oh so great to be here
David thanks for having me
excellent now John that was a
fascinating statement that you read from
John Holman of the u.s. immigration and
customs noting that Trump is doing more
for border security and public safety
than any of the past six presidents he's
worked for him by my reckoning that
would even include the late great Ronald
Reagan of course the usual suspects on
the Left will condemn Trump's measures
but as far as I'm concerned if a nation
is incapable of securing its own borders
and determining who gains entry and who
has to leave well at the end of the day
that really isn't a bona fide nation to
begin with your thoughts John yeah
exactly you're exactly right I mean what
what is what is sovereignty without
borders and I want people to understand
Holman is a career cop at the end of the
day no matter how high he's risen cops
don't give praise lightly especially the
politicians cops don't tend to love
politicians Homan also went on to say in
that same article that he had testified
to Congress in June of 2016 and the gist
of his testimony was that deportations
were down under Obama not because there
weren't people to deport they were there
there were more of them than there are
now
Obama just wouldn't let his agency do
its job and so this is an a sea change
David this is a complete change in
policy and that same friend who's a
deportation supervisor told me that the
culture the
the climate of the agency the morale
changed within days of Trump's election
not even his inauguration the mood of
the agents was just better they were
going to work they knew again that the
handcuffs were off them they could put
the handcuffs on the bad guys and after
his inauguration he told me that it got
better you know within a week and I saw
that happen on a local level in New York
City I worked first under David Dinkins
very liberal mayor then Rudy Giuliani
was elected and my job got easier in a
week or two so I understand what he's
talking about and and I tend to agree
that the change in administration has
trickled down it was see change in these
agencies very very quickly hey that was
an excerpt from my weekly show rebel
roundup in which we highlight the best
stories of the week with your favorite
rebels if you want to see the full show
please sign up to become a Premium
Member
you
