Herc's lichter is joining me to discuss
Donald Trump recognizing Jerusalem as
Israel's capital then a Democrats
blocking another Trump appointee and new
troubling questions about the judge who
was supposed to sentence General Michael
Flynn joining me now to discuss the
events o the week is your favorite
Friday co-host Colonel Kurtz Lichter US
Army retired hurt let's jump right in
Jerusalem the left is hysterical despite
the fact that in 1992 Bill Clinton said
that he was going to recognize it as the
capital of Israel in 2000 Hillary
Clinton when she was running for Senate
in New York and had a court the Jewish
vote said the same Barack Obama said the
same george w bush said the same every
president said the same the only
difference is that Trump actually did it
the left that never Trump are hysterical
oh it's so wonderful to see now the
Liberals can can hate the Jews and eat
Christians all at the same time yeah
it's sort of it's like an inclusive kit
in time for Christmas and Hanukkah you
know it saves time so they can you know
hate other upstanding you know what I
love like just the ignorant around what
it takes to secure an embassy right so
so the the new so once he did it and
once the videos came out that Clinton
said it and Hillary's Bill Clinton and
Hillary and Obama and Bush and everybody
else the new the new histrionics are
about well it's gonna take years do
these people have any idea what it takes
to build an embassy to secure the
building properly not just against a
physical Benghazi style attack but
against what we saw in Cuba right we've
got now 20 American diplomats that were
rushed into an unsecured facility in
Cuba that have permanent hearing loss
possibly and now they're finding matter
on their brains and MRIs in cat-scans
this needs to be I would argue the most
secure embassy in the world outside of
Iraq it needs to be and it will be I'm
just you know delighted that it's
happening it's irritating all the right
people joining really the leftists it's
he retaining the anti-christian any two
bigots it's irritating the BDS people
it's irritating
the radical Muslims it's wonderful I
love that Donald Trump actually keeps
his word about stuff you know for so
long they've lied to us and when I say
they I'm including the Republicans you
know Mitt Romney wouldn't have done this
Jeb wouldn't have done this maybe Ted
Cruz would maybe Rick Perry but see at
the end of the day we've been you know
handing us I'm gonna try and keep FCC
comply here you know did the lying to us
and they thought we were stupid and
thought we never yeah would react well
Trump's the reaction Trump is the result
of their actions right and of their
inaction
he's the result of this - that's what
they're hysterical about it's that he's
actually doing something that he's not
following the status quo yeah that's all
this is about he's actually making
people go to work we used to see that
you saw this in the military I saw it in
the police department the the older
veterans the guys that have been around
a long time I didn't want to do anything
if you were young you were aggressive or
you a new you came in you actually
wanted to do something they beat you
down because they didn't want you
shining a light on their laziness
exactly exactly that's you know I'm my
job in the military was primarily to go
into broken units and and I saw that
again and again you have this cadre I
had to go not to mention not to mention
that Sheldon Adelson was worth thirty to
thirty three billion dollars maybe more
I haven't looked at the most recent
Forbes list he was ready to cut the GOP
off for not making this Musso Trump just
handed the GOP all of the GOP even the
establishment about a billion dollars in
Adelson donations they should be they
should be shining Trump's shoes and
thanking him till the end of time for
this well the the problem for the
Republican establishment is Donald Trump
has done exactly what you said it is
showing them as lazy time survey tax who
thought we were stupid and didn't really
mean what we said and
you know if they can't take the lesson
that is Donald trum that is you know
we're serious
they're gonna follow and the next test
is gonna be daca yeah it certainly yeah
because the normal Republican who said
somebody to Congress to give amnesty to
illegal aliens okay yeah and any on the
here and but I mean they've got to be
beside themselves and I hate to stand on
tragedies but let's be realistic here
the acquittal of Kate Steinle murderer
in in San Francisco of all places and a
Border Patrol agent getting his skull
crushed now they've got two suspects in
custody two brothers one held on an
immigration deportation warrant so this
is this is the evidence is there right
the empirical data is there to support
every one of trumps positions he's
moving on them and they really don't
have a way to stop on public opinion is
on his side especially with regards to
daca I don't see that stopping the
Americans elected Trump really in large
part on that one issue build the wall
immigration that was his signature issue
that's what catapulted him past sixteen
challenger sixteen primary opponent yeah
and you know Paul Ryan pulling out his
hair trying to figure out a way to
create a giant Bank of low wage
unskilled uncomplaining workers for the
corporate masters here writing checks
yeah the chamber got the console's Ryan
no you're right chamber controls Ryan
but he does their bidding he's been
doing their bidding for years yeah and
it's a when you think of the Chamber of
Commerce if you think of the guy who
runs the vacuum cleaner right you know
Cadillac dealership in town but it's not
it's the 80s
it's the Walmart oh yeah it's these
giant corporations and their interests
are very different from the interests of
the Republican base for one thing the
guys who run these giant corporations
are not conservatives the idea that
business people are somehow you know
right-wing ideologue it is insane uh
they're you know most of them are
moderate and then they're you know
second wise are freaking communist
yeah and they look their pilot their
policies right there their personal
politics and their foreign policy their
personal foreign policy is what's best
for the business in which if you're the
CEO of you know Tyson's Foods Tyson
Foods got in all that trouble with
illegals if you're the CEO of Tyson
Foods you care about your golden
parachute your option package your comp
the next year which is eight nine
figures possibly right you don't care
much about what's good for the United
States of America and you and your
foreign policy is going to be globalist
and you want those illegals in your
factory plucking feathers exactly and
that's the thing that we've got to
understand that that's the fight within
the Republican Party
I think the never Trump errs are somehow
the guys who were actually suckered by
the globalist yeah and that's why I
never trusted I never trusted the
Tillerson pick because his foreign
policy isn't what's best for the u.s.
it's really been what's best for
ExxonMobil
yeah well he's done anything right
exactly that's true except complain and
whine and you know what he needs he
needs a current haircut he's got to get
the hair over the ears that weird 1970s
soap opera villain hair haircut that
he's got just doesn't work for me yeah I
did a little lost on the Tillerson
choice but of course you know the media
was announcing last week it was about to
be gone any any credibility left I mean
does it ever get anything right it's
incredible that wouldn't so the daily
piece did the story and we're gonna talk
about Rick Rennell appoint me to Germany
but the daily piece I think they had the
hit piece on Grinnell up for like 30
seconds before they had to revise it
twice it was ridiculous they are no good
well I mean if we're gonna move on to
Rick Rennell we should what a great guy
and what a disaster that Mitch
McConnell's not getting him into place
not only is it a message to the
conservative base which is really
interesting they you know a gay guy from
you know LA Los Angeles is a
conservative here
let me let me let me let me give a
little back story because we have a
large Canadian audience so Rick Grinnell
is has been appointed ambassador to
Germany by Donald Trump made it out of
committee and that Democrats are holding
up his appointment because they allege
that he he tweeted disparaging things
about Hillary Clinton now full
disclosure Kurt and I know Rick Rennell
Kurt's a very good friend of Rick's I
met Rick through Kurt I I liked him I
trust Rick I think he's a great American
I think he has an outstanding command of
foreign policy especially European
foreign policy that there is not a
better choice for ambassador to Germany
in addition he's an openly gay man from
Los Angeles liberals still are finding a
reason to block him well I think that's
part of it I think that they don't want
to show that if you were in one of those
groups that would be traditionally
thought of as liberal you have the
option to be presser right they want a
bar that I mean it's homophobia they're
they're stopping him because he's gay
because they don't want a gay
conservative showing you can be gay and
concerned well you're never allowed to
leave the Democrat liberal plantation as
long as you're one of their pet groups
that they use for their own agenda
you're not allowed to leave it it
happens to a black conservatives it
happens to female conservatives it
happens to gay conservatives all the
time we see this right there's an
all-out war on Kelly Ward in Arizona
there's an all-out war on on the new
crop of african-american candidates
there's a good guy I think his name is
John James now up in Michigan West Point
grad combat pilot he's great liberal is
he's an aviator I like yeah army aviator
West Point grad that liberals are going
to start targeting him and making him
the worst guy in the world despite him
being a stellar American with a perfect
resume and so but he's not supposed to
be a Republican right he skis from
supposed to be a Democrat from birth but
with Grinnell it's even it's even more
shocking because look who hasn't
disparage Hillary Clinton this tells us
one thing you and I will never be
appointed ambassador to anywhere yeah
Peter Dow and Ben Rhodes are about the
only guys but the only guys followed by
the Viet Minh exactly but this is
ridiculous I mean this is now the
standard
if we were to take Ted Lou's tweets and
and say that his tweets disqualify him
he'd have to crawl it under a rock
somewhere he's one of your read isn't
Ted Louie isn't Ted Lou one of yours yes
right you know you brought up McConnell
though let's let's talk about McConnell
for a second because this is what I want
people to understand right even though
that we don't have a super majority in
the Senate Republicans don't have the 60
seats that's really irrelevant because
if McConnell ran the Senate like Harry
Reid ran the Senate McConnell would pull
in Dems and say the Dems
you approve everything I want or your
bills will never see the light of day
they won't forget getting out of
committee they won't get into committee
I will crush them that the second you're
done typing the last keystroke on that
bill and McConnell doesn't do that so if
something's being blocked by them's it's
because McConnell wants it blocked it's
with his consent
but look I'm torn on McConnell because
he's obviously an establishment guy he's
weak and I think I think he in some ways
I think sometimes he makes tactical
errors on the other hand he could be
really tough and smart look at Garrett
the American garland yeah no no judges
he's been good on judges yep yep yeah I
just I mean I I've got you know and I
you've read my articles trashing him I'm
just wondering is there a guy who could
do better for us right now and I'm not
sure there is I don't I would love to
see him prioritize Rick grinnell and I
think he should he's needs to get he
just did cloture and judge will it right
so hopefully we'll see him that was an
outside outstanding outs there I'm so
glad that will it is go again he's great
he's great yeah he's he's terrific but
if any country needs an about you
weren't you stationed in Germany I was
stationed I lived in Germany to a half
years right Germany needs it I mean
Germany's in crisis Berman is the most
important country in Europe it's having
a political crisis right now
and these Democrats are playing politics
with it because they don't want to allow
somebody who proves that they're full of
it to get the job and it's you know I
keep hearing these whiny jerks like Jeff
Flake talking about party or country oh
yeah right and doug jones alabama a
check to the baby monster it's
ridiculous i mean if you want to talk
about country over party and you don't
like the republican candidate then and
sit it out or write in a third party
candidate you don't donate to the DEM
and proudly promote that you're donating
the democrat who wants to who believes
in late term abortions wants to open our
borders I mean flake left the party long
ago so I'm glad to see he's actually
leaving well you know what happened to
him and what's happened to corker I
think are instructive and I think the
other Republicans are starting to learn
because you got you know we got enough
votes to pass tax reform
there were even Susan Collins is a
little worried oh sure sure she is it's
it's becoming a you know we need to
enforce some discipline the Democrats do
they do
Pelosi Pelosi and Reid ran the the house
and the Senate with an iron fist
if Reid if the if the roles were
reversed and read was majority leader in
the Senate he was still around he would
get every one of his agenda items
through he would get every damn pet
agenda item through he ruled with an
iron fist he invoked nuclear options he
would sit Republicans I know this I was
told by members he would sit them in his
office and tell them what I said earlier
your bills will never see the light of
day
unless you unless you go with us unless
you vote with us or you know at least
you don't obstruct and you know what Ted
Cruz credit where do he was one of the
few that bucked Reid and he did it for
years and it hurt him and yep he was
throwing the monkey wrench into the
gears doing his job and no one what he
was supposed to do yeah it's gonna be a
while before we clear out the Republican
Party but you know one of the great
things about Donald Trump is he came in
and he was serious about what he said he
hasn't done everything we'd like him to
do but you know we still have seven more
years yeah we have seven more years
that's the other thing right this whole
first 100 days thing is so ridiculous I
mean what was it 17 years between the
end of the Revolutionary War on the
writing of our Constitution and now we
want to it was about that right 15 or 17
years fine
yeah a long time yeah and things take
things take time and look we continually
see the Democrats set these set up these
tests that you fail it's like going
dating a psycho
yeah girl we sex these little tests up
that you you didn't bring me flowers
it's Tuesday yeah it's our 16th you know
we can a person you didn't bring flowers
you know yeah it's just you know it's
all right
and they've got like it's our post-it
anniversary and next week is our
paperclip anniversary it does funny
it's our Swiffer anniversary honey we're
in the media's like that and you know
the beauty is we're just starting to
ignore it you know you get this in the--
screaming idiot showing you i know you
don't love pedophiles very confident no
the vast majority of conservatives don't
like pedophiles nobody listen nobody
like cyber father I when I left here
what they say yeah when I left law
enforcement my business in the private
sector was catching pedophiles in large
online communities Disney was my client
News Corp was my client and it was a
bipartisan issue
if I do about 15 state legislators who
either creator and a hats anti child
predator legislation it was bipartisan
nobody wins an election being you you
don't want the Democrat to win babies
you don't want the Democrats when you
look at a fast and it's so stupid
we're just immune to it like the term
racist try if you're on Twitter you
called racist I'm not a racist and it
just doesn't work on me anymore I just
don't care well when I when I when I
called for law enforcement applying the
same profiling I'm italian-american
right when I have called for law
enforcement to apply the same profiling
techniques
used to catch la cosa nostra IE
profiling me right an Italian guy in his
40s and I said they that there's nothing
wrong with applying that to mosques I'm
all of a sudden racist I'm racist by the
way Islam as a race I didn't know that
you didn't know that I'm working with
European Muslims and Kosovo exactly
right all right let's go to judges for a
second let's switch gears more hijinks
more fun and hijinks in the in the Bob
Muller Flint investigation so now we
find out since we last spoke that not
only Peter stroke from the FBI sent
anti-trump text well we find out that
another guy named Weissman who was the
number two prosecutor on Muller's team
told Sally Yates he was in all of her
I'm so proud in all of her for refusing
to uphold the Immigration Trump's travel
ban despite the Supreme Court just
upholding it and we find out this other
girl Jean Erie was Ben Rhodes his
attorney for the Benghazi hearings while
she worked at the law firm where Muller
was a partner and if that's all not bad
enough Lynn's judge recuse himself
because he's also a face I shouldn't say
because but he's also a face a judge but
the speculation is he had something to
do with the FISA warrant I mean this
entire thing is so tainted and dirty if
you were a defense attorney if you were
a defense attorney on this what would
you be moving for oh my gosh
you know obviously it depends on the guy
but I would be bring it up I'd have to
say I was cleanse defense attorney I
would at least present him with the
option of trying to withdraw his plea
based on this new information he would
have to I don't know if he would do it
right he you know the fact is they're
trying to bankrupt him and they're
threatening his son that's right you
know now it's kind of a weapon because I
think he's going up with probation and a
pardon I don't think there's any way to
a dog from police office without
pardoning them as he should bet if I was
dog from my partner I would as well and
how does how does Flynn not wind up with
some type of ability to appeal this with
everything that was hidden from his from
his team I mean yes we're trying right
by pleading but you know you can
withdraw them you couldn't draw the
plate
in certain circles it's hard to do they
don't grant it very often I'm dealing
with the case right now where somebody
tried to do that and it didn't work
wouldn't wouldn't you consider the fact
that that his his counsel wasn't given
the benefit of the knowledge there was
no discovery that stroke was biased
Wiseman was biased Janina jr. II
defended Rhodes while working for
represented roads are working for Muller
wouldn't all that be exculpatory
shouldn't all that have been disclosed
look I mean I I think it forms the basis
of a motion that I would not be ashamed
to make whether it's grant or not it's
all different issues now if he didn't
plead and this was going to trial oh I
know I look at this it's like you know
these people don't understand I I look
at like like the Roy Moore thing and I'm
just thinking my god there's so much
meat for me to jump in as a defense but
it's expensive like you say a federal
trial and more a Flynn is not a wealthy
man I he he's for I'm making five
thousand bucks a month pension and his
and his open for me
yes consulting firm wasn't wasn't around
that long I mean this is not a
multi-millionaire this is a guy who was
comfortable in retirement and a federal
criminal trial bankrupt you in about
three weeks at that level I mean he
would need a million I think car I read
Karl Rove's book he was never charged
with anything and robes legal bill at
the end of Fitzgerald's Special Counsel
investigation was close to a million
bucks yeah yeah I mean absolutely and
and federal I've seen federal filings
there like that I mean for one pleading
it's not like a state court like that I
mean this is a hundreds of that probably
$100,000 retainer up front in a case
like that oh it's the amounts are
unbelievable and they're threatening his
son and you know that it does matter
whether it's guilty or not these guys I
mean you look at these guys I don't I
don't trust them not to file on someone
they don't think that they have evidence
enough evidence on right now yeah yeah
they don't these guys this is a
political witch-hunt
it's not about justice it's all based on
lies
and it's a disgrace and I cannot wait
until the president pardons all right my
friend have a great weekend you too
hurts always a fun interview and I want
to keep bringing these to you so please
subscribe to our premium service at
www.mediaed.org this
you
