Trump rolled back Obama's antiquities
Act declarations and what those
antiquities Act declarations did was it
protected vast tracts of American land
from development basically turned these
huge chunks of American land into
natural parks it inhibited grazing
leases mining development oil and gas
for example the bear ears monument will
lose 1.1 million acres due to Trump's
rollback of it or 85 percent of its land
area and what this will do is open up
this land to development or not what it
really does is it turns the land back to
the states that it belongs to so that
the states can decide whether or not to
develop it or to protect it which is how
it's supposed to be and in Canada we're
seeing the opposite in Alberta for
example we see Rachel Notley creating
these provincial parks out of thin air
taking the traditional users of the land
off it so that she can keep development
and land use out of those areas just the
natural parca fication of the entire
province and I think you see some of
that happening in BC yeah I mean it's
sort of similar to Trudeau's north coast
oil tanker ban which basically has
killed the hopes of many First Nations
in the area who did want to see not only
oil exports from potentially the
northern gateway pipeline but there's
this eagle Spirit pipeline that's
completely backed by First Nations and
the LNG industry as well but of course
you know with all of these virtues
signalling bands of course from Justin
Trudeau and the tanker ban of course
doesn't apply to Alaskan Slope oil
tankers which travel right down the BC
coast into Puget Sound every single week
without incident so it's just one of
those things where it's unfortunate that
we sort of it's amazing you know I was
bringing this point up with Ezra the
other day actually Sheila we've actually
flipped the script both of our countries
you know Stephen Harper you know say
what you like about know what's good
using the term energy superpower that
was the goal he
for Canada meanwhile Obama was all about
bringing in EPA regulations phasing out
coal making life difficult we've
actually flipped the script now now
we've got Justin Trudeau here in Canada
and he's bringing the etta Obama era war
on natural gas and fossil fuels and
natural resources up north and we've got
Donald Trump taking the approach that we
just need to that he wants to unbridle
america's potential and unfortunately
this is going to be painful for our
country I know that as conservatives we
like to demonize Justin Trudeau but I
truly believe that when it comes to the
economic hardship that this country my
face it's 100% gonna be based on our
demonization of natural resources in the
West and killing those middle class jobs
that's an excerpt from my weekly
full-length show the gun show on my show
I take on the issues of the day through
my Alberta conservative lens and I
talked to the real news makers the
mainstream media ignores to get access
to my show in all of our other premium
content click the link on the screen to
subscribe today
you
