when they thought that the president
would use the waiver they were so so
brave in voting to move the embassy and
then when it actually became true I mean
I'm thinking of that New Jersey senator
Cory Booker who loved hitting the
fundraising circuit getting the big
checks from the pro-israel Jews but when
things got real he chose the anti-israel
left
isn't that the something that's going on
here a is the left is being shown to be
anti-israel and in many cases
anti-semitic in a way that is
historically new right and the people on
the Left who claim to support Israel
have been quite weak in their support I
mean you have Chuck Schumer from New
York scrambling to catch up with Trump
and claiming the he told Trump he's got
to declare that all of Jerusalem is
Israel's capital you know as if that
actually happened to meet Schumer really
let Israel down he did oppose the Iran
deal but he didn't do anything to stop
it
and I think that the left has a big
problem the United States they've
basically been hijacked by the
anti-israel movement and there are some
exceptions I would say Alan Dershowitz
my former professor who's lately been
defending the Trump administration
against Robert Mueller's investigation
and so forth he's a Democrat in support
of the Clintons and he was effusive last
night in his praise for Trump's decision
saying it was the perfect response the
antidote to President Barack Obama's
decision to throw Israel to the wolves
at the UN Security Council and declare
the old city which includes Jewish and
Christian holy sites to be Palestinian
Muslim territory or whatever the - to
declare that Israel's presence in that
city was a violation of international
law and that was absurd and nurser had
said we should all thank President Trump
if you look at the Israeli left look at
the Israeli opposition some of the
things they're saying I just got a story
up right now at Breitbart comm rounding
up some of their reactions and they're
celebrating the president they're
thanking president Trump they are
putting more of an emphasis on the parts
of his statement where he talked about
the two-state solution and arriving at a
peace deal and all of that which is the
left-wing approach in Israel but it's
basically the consensus in Israel that
Jerusalem is the capital that's where
the left shows up to vote
the Knesset everyday that's where they
take their cases to the Supreme Court in
Israel and they want to stop the Israeli
army from doing something I mean
Israel's capital is Jerusalem and it
always has been and the idea that it
isn't is a concession not just the
Palestinians but to extremists in the
Palestinian territory in the Palestinian
community who insist on having all of
Jerusalem including West Jerusalem which
has never been under any sovereignty
other than Israel that's an excerpt from
my daily TV show the yeas relevant show
no one leaves behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
