we know who then ends they know who then
we see it daily weekly we see criminals
we see murderers we see very MC
terrorists yep and we see that and now I
see the system absolutely hammering down
on YouTube I want to tell you about a
couple of our met recently Scott and
Natasha Scott's from the UK Natasha is
from America they've been in a
relationship for years and they were
working together in Poland now Scott's
father become ill so Scott wanted to
come back to the UK they come back to UK
but Natasha has been refused to gain the
gain and work visa well we decided to
stay - wants to stay Natasha loves the
UK even when she was working for NATO
it's it's not American English is
British military English etc - wants to
stay I want to stay for my father and so
we look at the different visa options
for us and there's one which it's like
okay you just need to prove you're a
couple that's what we applied for me
obviously gave them X amount of years of
his photos the whole everything from the
kick start all the time we've been
together and then eventually after six
months what happened was the government
because of pre brexit had decided to say
no to every single visa no matter what
Natasha's no ideal candidate for a work
visa
she studied seven languages she also
studied to work as a diplomat
she's been security cleared by the FBI
I'll take her over unvetted migrants who
are invading our country on a daily
basis but yet she's been refused and
she's been battling there so Scott for
three years to have her able to stay and
work in this country nearly two years
ago and so we immediately appeal if you
talk us through just in briefly the
cases in the first case she went to
court and yeah the first case so we
because when it was actually when we
were in front of the judge
we needed a had a different home office
person and another one came in and
interrupted the case and I'm like I've
been reading through this case all
morning I think we need to relook at
this so he offered a review great he
thought it was BS Levin was interrupted
by a different home office guy saying we
need to review this immediately and
thinking you should be able to come in
okay yeah yeah he looked at in detail we
considered make notes and everything but
he offered it to the judge were to be
reviewed and were to be adjourned
fantastic wonderfully sorted it went
back to the home office to the original
case and it was it was very much a
situation of computer says no yeah it
was very much computer says no so the
first hearing needs to take place again
I my MP was useless
everyone was useless so I we expedited
it ourself kicked off went to senior
judges in the UK they came back and said
this needs to be heard immediately then
fair play the tribunal service phoned me
and said we've got a spot but it's it
y'all's would ya yes to be got to
y'all's words and it was interesting
when I went to the toilet and there was
- security doors and the guy came
through literally shackled and shackled
in the hood over his head everyone else
listed was a terrorist for the day
thankfully that the judge was like this
is BS and he went through the law we had
our own legal argument represented
ourselves and he said this is I said it
was racist
that was my terminology against British
people if I was polish because I said we
have a link to Poland it would be fine
from what we've read in the law and he
completely agreed and he ruled yes
because I'm British it was
discriminatory against British people
hang on I fought the UK bought in loads
of migrants and squats being
discriminated against because he's
British by the British
we have so many migrants coming to our
country who despise and hate our country
yet they're allowed to stay and work
squat Natasha RAC they're incredibly
patriotic they started a Kickstarter
campaign on them on their route back to
Britain so they could visit a hundred
thousand war graves and leave poppies at
each one and here we have the law being
used against them - judges have now
ruled in their favor Scott and Natasha
we're ready to celebrate and that action
was ready to go to work for the first
time in over two and a half years and
the Home Secretary's office once again
have appealed the decision they're
trying to boot her from our country we
then go to the higher court representing
ourselves again we get one of the most
senior judges in the UK and that judge
rules that the first judge is completely
right a hundred one percent and that the
UK government is prejudiced against us
because I am a UK national so this judge
this is the same judge who allowed
someone on the terrorist watch list to
stay in our country because they had a
cat yes that's the reason they were
allowed to stay that same judge has now
allowed the Home Secretary's office to
appeal the decision again so you still
we're not working not allowed so dark
cloud over your head yeah this is gonna
end up being three years of your life
just yeah and I've been strip artemis
happy to give up this is so we've tried
to do it right by the system because
Natasha's very much like this is Britain
this is the greatest legal system this
is the Magna Carta three years she's
been forced not to work three years
Scott an attachment been going through
this with an adverse effect on his
health and her health and now that's a
way again to April's constant waiting
game with a cloud hanging over their
head Scott a Natasha did not deserve to
be treated like this she's a perfect
candidate for immigration to our country
shows seven languages she wants to work
she's desperate to come to work and pay
taxes into our country yet we won't
learn what I need your help for this I
will contact our Member of Parliament
Rupa Huck the Rupa Huck agreed to help
Scott Natasha
but then she found out that they had
voted brexit so then she refused this is
their Member of Parliament her job to
help she actually gained her seat by
promising to help people in this
position to help immigrants and migrants
only they now fall into the wrong
category of immigrant and migrant
because they're the wrong color wrong
religion and they have the wrong
politics I need your help to put
pressure on them when you go to the
website save Natasha I've got UK please
sign this petition
give me the admonition I need to find
Rupa Huck to put these questions to her
to confront her on her failed job and
failed support of some of her
constituents and the pressure that needs
to be put on three years has gone on for
Scot Natasha this has to come to an end
and hopefully with your support and you
sign the petition we can put pressure on
the court on the government and on
everyone and they're not gonna bring you
a celebration video when hopefully
Natasha's allowed to stay but for her to
be able to stay we need your help
signed petition and help
you
