make no mistake we're witnessing what I
believe to be the worst scandal in
American law enforcement history we're
gonna run through it what's happening
inside the FBI is stomach-turning
and its stomach churning because 99.99%
of the FBI's Street agents are really
talented incredibly patriotic and
dedicated hard-working men and women
bravely putting their lives on the line
every day to protect you and me they're
doing a great job but sadly sadly a few
key people at the top of the FBI are
tarnishing the reputation of the bureau
to such a degree such a egregious and
end and tragic degree they're putting
the lives of these agents at risk
you see when when management and a law
enforcement agency compromises the
authority and the integrity of that
agency to what we see happening at the
FBI agents lives are at risk when you
pull out your credential when you say
I'm FBI ATF NYPD there needs to be
respect for that credential but now the
cartels wiseguys la cosa nostra
gangsters are saying the FBI is so
corrupt why don't we have to play ball
they don't have to play by the rules why
do we and what agents are going
interview when I talk to agents I talk
to law enforcement people all the time
their credential the authority the
respect for that credential isn't what
it used to be it's a very dangerous
situation of being on the street now the
most the most recent scandal is this guy
Peter stroke this one to turn your
stomach we're now finding out that this
past summer believe it was in August
Robert Muller removed a guy named Peter
stroke a senior FBI counterintelligence
official from his team from the special
counsels investigative team is the guy
was sending anti-trump text who is
mistress even worse that mistress is a
woman named Lisa Paige
Lisa Paige is a lawyer for the FBI and
guess who Lisa Paige reports to Andrew
McCabe it always comes back to Andrew
McCabe everything dirty everything
corrupt everything
anti-trump everything anti-trump
administration everything steel dossier
everything fake news russia collusion
always comes back to Andrew McCabe
Andrew McCabe the Democratic operative
whose wife's Jill McCabe dr. Jill McCabe
his wife received nearly $700,000 from
longtime Clinton a lion fixer and then
Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe Andrew
McCabe a guy who had a vendetta against
General Michael Flynn because general
Flynn wrote a letter in support of a
female employee of the FBI who sued the
FBI and McCabe for sexual discrimination
there's a lot going on here the
conflicts of interest are vast McCabe
who was nudging Co me to give Hillary a
pass this is very dirty but today is not
about McCabe recalled me we've done them
ad nauseam today we're gonna touch on
them a bit but it's really about this
guy Peter stroke the guy kicked off the
team for the anti-trump X now who is
Peter stroke well this is the troubling
part because I spoke to sources inside
the bureau into a person they said they
didn't know him well it crossed paths
with him but his reputation was that of
a superb counterintelligence officer
well one apparently with a bias one who
came up under Muller under Comey under
McCabe we're now learning that the FBI
will the higher-ups at the FBI at the
rank-and-file Street agents the people
that want to want it to be assigned to
headquarters that's very telling
you're really good Street agents we
don't want to be assigned a headquarters
they want to go out there do their job
and catch bad guys here they want to
come up through the ranks but the guys
that want to be in the top spots at
headquarters are typically politicians
they're very far removed culturally from
the street agents broke was one of those
guys I'm being told he was in the Comey
McCabe cabal it's it's really really bad
stuff and of course he would have been
picked by robert muller now i believe
that christopher ray the current FBI
director is useless I gave the guy some
time but he was a DOJ lawyer I don't
like DOJ lawyers the home of the FBI I'd
like to see agents the helm of the FBI
bigger problem while it DOJ he was
subordinate to Muller and Comey he's not
all of a sudden gonna start bossing them
around Muller controls him and I believe
to a large degree Comey controls him
from the outside ray is useless and we
know that because Christopher Ray knew
that stroke had been kicked off Muller's
team he would have had to have been part
of it
was then reassigned with the FBI called
Siberia their HR department now there is
nothing worse that can happen to you as
a cop than being reassigned to an
administrative office that means your
career is dead you're done pack it and
retire you're never going any higher
than this you had the brass ring you
dropped it you are out of the game
Ray would have had to have known that
but you know what ray didn't do
ray ray had to sign off on his transfer
at a char array didn't tell Congress why
the congressional oversight committees
most namely the House Intelligence
Committee that's why Devon Nunez the
chairman is blowing a gasket were never
in foreign this past summer that the
reason stroke was taken off of Muller's
team was because of anti-trump hex to
his mistress with whom he was having an
extramarital affair multiple violations
of FBI policy detects the mistress the
whole bit he was an FBI employee as well
for mccabe this
so bad so let's look at why it's so bad
well leave but this in terms of leftist
could understand now it is inconceivable
to believe that stroke didn't interview
general Flint Lynn was a spy in a
spymaster ending his career running the
Defense Intelligence Agency before being
tapped national security adviser by
Trump the master spy Flynn so of course
you're gonna have your lead
counterintelligence guy in that
interview
you're gonna match your subject
one-on-one you're not gonna bring in a
subordinate agent so if you look at the
way things have gone for years in law
enforcement and standard operating
procedure I would be shocked to find out
that stroke did not interview general
Flynn in fact he probably led the
interview team and as he did against man
afford and Papadopoulos and I think
we'll probably have confirm on that we
just haven't gotten it yet but again it
would be shocking to me cuz that's just
how things are done in law enforcement
so assuming he did lead the team
remember general Flynn only pled guilty
to false statements to investigators now
if the investigator leading the
interview was bias against you those
charges are severely tainted so in terms
of leftist can understand let's replace
general Flynn with a black suspect
lack suspect folk to stroke and the only
thing that black suspect pled guilty to
or false statements to stroke and we
later on found out that stroke had
texted racist texts and images who his
mistress things that were very cruel and
and very damning of african-americans
there would be riots in the street there
would be demands to drop every charge
against the black suspect there would be
riots there would be congressional
committees being called the
Congressional Black Caucus would go nuts
Democrats would go nuts and they would
be calling for strokes career on a
silver platter they would be calling for
him to lose his pension to be publicly
flogged tarred and feathered in the town
square but it's not happening because
stroke was a leftist and general Flynn
was pro-trump general Flynn was a
patriot now if he made false statement
to the FBI it was stupid a general Flynn
because he didn't have to nothing he did
was illegal but that's for another
segment that's how bad would stroked it
is but it goes even where it goes even
deeper it's worse because now knowing
this every high-profile political case
Stroke worked on and there were many
would possibly be tainted
think about this if stroke had clear
bias toward the Democrats if you had
clear anti-trump bias every case he
worked on with a political figure during
his decades at the FBI is potentially
tainted potentially has grounds for an
appeal based on this information because
he sent those texts to another FBI
employee those aren't sculp Ettore
that's evidence for the defense this is
a crisis for Muller
now what Nunez said and and this was
he's right he said quote we now know why
stroke was dismissed why the FBI and DOJ
refused to provide us this explanation
and at least one reason why they
previously refused to make FBI deputy
director Andrew McCabe available to the
committee for an interview
he's right the FBI and DOJ are covering
things up now another important fact
here is that mccabe and stroke appear to
be the two guys who were handling
Christopher Steele fusion GPS and the
fake news dossier which appears to have
been the basis for the FISA warrant so
let's that the FISA warrant that enabled
the Trump team to be surveilled by the
Obama administration apparently on
behalf of Hillary and the thief steel
dossier that was pushed to the media to
discredit Trump shortly before the
election
it looks like the FBI was in on all of
this under the direction of Comey McCabe
and now we're finding out spoke this is
really really bad this is terrible but
let's take it a step further if stroke
and McCabe handled Christopher Steele in
the dossier that means they didn't vet
the dossier that means they wanted the
dosia to be right despite the fact that
it wasn't and that means that the only
reason a general Flynn was sitting in
that chair speaking to stroke the only
reason manna Ford was sitting in that
chair speaking to stroke or I should say
or his investigators we don't know
stroke was the guy who interviewed him I
suspect he was and we now know that
Papadopoulos was sitting in that chair
potentially speaking his stroke because
of a fake names dossier because of that
fake news dossier a special counsels
investigation was launched that never
should have been though you've got three
people now facing criminal charges
well they who pled guilty Papadopoulos
in Flynn mana Ford who knows what he's
gonna do not afford committed financial
crimes if he did all that's alleged he
deserves to pay for that but
Papadopoulos in Flynn
only plead guilty because an
investigation took place that should
never have taken place now I'm a fan of
general Flynn I'll admit it I think
general Flint served this nation
honorably for 40 years like I said he's
a spy master and I believe that when he
got into that chair he sensed in that
room that he was among hospitals
this was not an impartial investigation
that it was a witch-hunt
and he miscalculated and made some miss
statements it was put in impossible
place he was put in an impossible place
general Flynn give the other side
opposition research junk meaningless
opposition research on Donald Trump to
make his life miserable or try to give
the president your current boss cover
and and not release all the details to
these people it was an impossible
position for the general to be put in
and he never should have been because it
looks like stroke McCabe and Comey
rigged this entire thing they used a
dossier to push a fake news narrative if
there was Trump Russia collusion Mo's
investigation was launched and it was a
circular process all of the players that
Muller homey and McCabe wanted out of
the picture were brought in like I said
general Flynn word a letter on behalf of
an FBI employee suing McCabe now guy
named James got Lyanna wrote a good
piece in CNN where he talks about Peter
stroke and there's something very
important in there because Peter stroke
was also and we now know the lead
investigator on the Hillary Clinton
email case well this is incredible isn't
it so he's got the dossier
he's a handler alongside McCabe of
Christopher steel under dossier inside
the FBI that used to launch a bogus
Special Counsel investigation a witch
hunt he's also the guy who was tapped to
lead the Hillary email case now we
didn't know all the things we know about
the Hillary email case if we didn't know
that James Comey was fired for lying and
we didn't know that James Comey drafted
a letter exonerating hilary two months
prior to even interviewing her in that
bogus interview we would think what i'm
about to read you was a very ethical
thing to do well from the CNN piece by
James Gagliano
quote prior to strokes to motion he had
worked and supervised denumerable
high-profile cases in fact former FBI
director James Comey edit and selected
him again former FBI director James
Comey had and selected him it would lead
the investigation into Hillary Clinton's
private email server in 20 if in well
now that doesn't seem ethical does it
now that seems pretty nefarious James
Comey hand-selected an Andrew McCabe
disciple
right around the time Andrew McCabe's
wife got $700,000 from Clinton fix or
terry mcauliffe
her State Senate campaign games call me
hand-selected the guy who would lead
Hillary's email invest a sh
investigation the guy who alongside call
me cleared Hillary Clinton the guy who
also helped push the fake news dossier
that guy removed from the special
counsels team for anti Trump texts with
his mistress
now Gagliano make some important points
I brought one of one before broke
exchanged text messages with another
Bureau senior executive lisa page who
served as FBI lawyer for deputy director
Andrew G McCabe all comes back to McCabe
again the do J's Office of Inspector
General Department of Justice's Office
of Inspector General has been reviewing
the communications some of which are
purported to contain the rogatory
comments about then-candidate Trump
which could have been interpreted as a
pro-clinton bias no not could have it is
pro-clinton bias now he goes on to say
and this is important in the FBI where I
serve for a quarter century we are
strictly forbidden from discussing
investigation details in texts or emails
the do so would make them discoverable
one legal provision that potentially
requires the sharing of all relevant
documents between plaintiff and
defendant attorneys prior to trial
meaning those texts would have been used
by defense attorneys now this is where
it gets a little bit intricate to think
about this the FBI doesn't tell the
House Intelligence Committee why stroke
was removed the FBI doesn't tell us and
Muller and the FBI don't tell the how
snowed Muller and the FBI don't tell us
the public why stroke was removed they
don't tell general flings lawyers Manta
Ford's lawyers or Papadopoulos as
lawyers
think about that why and then what
happens well please on miner process
charges are forced pleas that might have
otherwise not been agreed to by the
suspects if they knew that the lead
investigator was bias so they waited to
release this information until after
Papadopoulos his plea until after
general Flynn's plea this is filthy
this isn't dirty like I said this might
be the worst corruption scandal in
American law enforcement history it
doesn't get any worse than this it just
doesn't get any worse than this the
donald trump has been on the warpath of
his tweets over the last couple of days
so i suspect he knows something's up I
believe his informal kitchen cabinet is
briefing him there's some pretty
well-known media figures who they're
upset about what's happening and they're
finally breaching protocol and getting
into the president's ear but but I'm
more concerned what's happening inside
the FBI because this is so bad this is
so egregious that we had a lead
investigator we were kept in the dark
that a lead investigator was bias
against the subjects of an inquiry of a
probe and he was left on the case even
though that bias was known and only when
it appeared it was gonna become a
liability from Muller was he removed and
that was the entire thesis of Doug
Liana's article in CNN and that Muller
threw him out as a sacrificial lamb
he says Moller swift response upon
learning of strokes ill-advised text
might therefore be a preemptive strike
to neutralize some of the criticism and
ameliorate some of the image damage his
probe has steadily endured from Trump
supporters on the right so this guy
gagliano clearly wants to give them some
cover but there's no more cover left to
be had this looks really really dirty
let me tell you something if a if an
agent a Street agent
had sent texts derogatory texts about
the subject of an investigation he'd
have been immediately reassigned
probably fired at least suspend that his
name would have been dragged for the mud
and shame dan any ethical prosecutor
would have dropped the case but what's
going on here proves once again there is
a sick double standard for the left this
entire investigation is an absolute
farce Muller's entire Special Counsel
office is now a charade it needs to be
shut down today this is a crisis the
likes of which we've never seen we have
an out-of-control special prosecutor
weaponizing bias FBI agents and 17
biased lawyers against a sitting
president based on a fake news junk
dossier that was handled by the guy
kicked off the team for bias it needs to
be shut down today and people need to be
held accountable if you like this
content please subscribe to our premium
service at www.mediaed.org this
you
