we're in Manchester we're here to meet
the family of a young boy called Dylan
day
Dylan's ten years old and for many years
of his young life he's been fighting and
battling against cancer
he got cleared of cancer he spent a year
in hospital spent a year in hospital
fighting against it he got cleared of
cancer and now it's come back and it's
come back and they can't fix it and he's
in palliative care now he loves MattyB
MattyB is a youtube star and he gives
children challenges so they've brought
that challenge into his hospital
treatment you'll see a video I'll
introduce you now to Dylan who's ten
years old there's a video of him doing
his own little challenge so you can
drink enough water so he can get the
water in his body so you can come out of
hospital ever watch come to count you
down oh you better do it
I was doing it doing it this is the
challenge want to go superstar Dylan day
I've got a son a similar age I went on
watching this video I've Dylan they
mainly think about my kids mainly think
about my son he made me think we're
going to build up to Christmas now and
I'm gonna plan my as many of you are I'm
gonna plan my Christmas for my children
but I'm going to make plans for the
future and I can't even begin to think
what it must be like for Dylan's family
that they can't make those plans and the
emini my foundation sat down with Dylan
and asked him if he had one wish what
would it be
and the meaning my foundation is a
charity that's set up to help families
are suffering from neuroblastoma which
is children's cancer they said what
would that one wish be
he said I'd wish to go to Florida to
visit Disneyland so we're going to go
into his house now we're gonna meet with
Frank his dad we're gonna meet with Paul
or is man there in Manchester and we're
going to see if there's any way we can
help them bring that little child
history so Frank and Pula we're here as
a campaign we're here with Amina Mae
foundation minimo foundation or a
charity that support families their
children are struggling with cancer so
we're here to talk about Dylan and to
try and what's the what's the goal I see
you're just giving page has been set up
it's massoud to get a holiday to Florida
for Dylan yeah yeah tell us can you tell
us dinner story when he got cancer how
old is he
when Dylan was 3 oh yeah then he kept
like complaining of my plays he's like
and it was at the went to nurse really
it couldn't stand up and he was like you
know I've fallen over basically so mom
and took him to the doctors and kept
taking him back and then and long story
short he ended up at the hospital and
thought it was and
osteomyelitis well that is an abscess in
Ebola so that's what they treated him
for and then in
about he went five and a half years
didn't that wait so so he got the cat so
he was diagnosis concept if the
treatment didn't work and he went five
and a half years
without any treatment and he was fine
and then it come back
it was walking he was walking funny and
it turned out the other tumor on his
spine
what did he want to do what if you could
do anything go anywhere what would you
do and Dylan's answer was very very firm
Florida honey I mean nothing's more
Florida because he wants to meet my baby
but that's what he said and he said
that's what he want to do so it's all
sort of like on yeah you know it's all a
bit ago it's a breaking but that's
what's doing that and that's why you're
really saw you know I'll he's that fast
we don't really know what's well we're
not so if you got can you go on the
JustGiving page and just get up he says
ten thousand and ninety six you got this
you know me
Rodion oh my god Wow
Oh
John who's that it's on sale in the
context where you can get books
absolutely over than me can't believe it
meat was put together I was introduced
to this family by the Amelia made
foundation is amazing cherry I go to
their yearly balls every year and they
do some amount of seen the work they do
they help families are in a position who
I can even imagine what it's like to be
in that position when they're crying out
for help and they need guidance they
need support the emini main foundation
brings them at that support so I'm proud
to support them if you wanna support
charity get behind them I just want to
say a special thank you for myself to
anyone who has supported me through my
books who was attending my book launch
is anyone who come to do their support
because you put me in a position where I
can come up here and I can go home now I
can tell my family and everyone else who
you supported me you know that that
young child that Dylan has had his wish
he's going to get fish he's going to
Disneyland in the New Year saris family
and for his dad's for his nan we've give
them everlasting memories from the
holiday and yeah that's it I just hope
that and play that Dylan has as long as
possible
it's been good family time I can't think
what I'd be like I can't think what we
like to be in that position but yeah
just such that's it a special thank you
in what I'm going to do is I'm going to
bring you videos in the build-up to
Christmas more videos where we're
spending time with Amelia my foundation
I'm showing you the amazing wedding
you
