yesterday President Donald Trump
retweeted three tweets on Twitter that's
a sentence that if you ever heard it ten
years ago people would ask you have you
been out in the Sun for too long
president Trump retweeting tweets on
Twitter what a time to be alive
but yet it is a thing forty three point
seven million people around the world
follow Donald Trump's comments on
Twitter the micro-blogging site he often
makes short statements but occasionally
he retweets other people to his forty
three point seven million followers
it's like forwarding an email to summum
so he thinks what someone said is
interesting enough to share with his
followers and since he has forty three
point seven million followers including
many of the world's media and political
glasses if Trump retweets something that
you have written it's a big deal for you
so let me show you first without any
commentary and then later with more
commentary the three tweets in question
because they have caused such shock and
outrage in the United Kingdom it's quite
something to behold
so here's the first tweet it was written
by Jada Frandsen in the United Kingdom
but the video is from Holland she called
it video Muslim migrant beats up Dutch
boy on crutches take a look it's just 35
seconds
let's go
what do you think of at Trump thought it
was interesting enough to retweet and
then he did two more from the same Jada
Frandsen
this one she titled video Muslim
destroys a statue of Virgin Mary is 35
seconds or so take a look pretty
self-explanatory especially the Allah
Akbar at the end I've seen that with my
own eyes when I was in Iraq in July I
saw Christian churches these are the
actual churches I was in they had been
torched by Muslim jihadis every cross
broken every statue of the Virgin Mary
smash even Christian prayer books were
used as target practice with rifles they
also smashed Christian cemeteries and I
saw this with my own eyes Donald Trump
saw the tweet and video and he thought
it was interesting enough to retweet
okay just one more this is the third one
by far the worst it's called video
Islamist mob pushes teenage boy off roof
and beats him to death that's about a
minute and a half do you mind if I play
it for you you you need to see it to
understand today's story it's gross
though so if you have a weak
Constitution don't watch for the next
minute and a half okay so this is Isis
terrorists doing their jihad thing
I hate watching that but I think it's
important to know what's happening they
killed them maybe because they were gay
maybe because they just didn't like
those guys maybe because those guys
weren't innocent that G had enough so
Donald Trump retweeted these three
videos in tweets that I just showed you
and this caused a political earthquake
in the United Kingdom not over what they
showed a Muslim migrant in Holland
beating ups and indigenous European not
about Muslim jihadis in Syria
smashing Christian churches not Muslim
Jihad is killing Muslim boys who were
probably gay or something all of those
facts are shocking the last one is a
murder a true atrocity but that is not
what got the entire British political
class revved up it was a trump had the
temerity to retweet those videos the
facts didn't upset them the fact that
Trump showed the facts is what upset
them here look here's a Labour Member of
Parliament in the United Kingdom and
it's not that Donald Trump accidentally
and landed on these tweets this is a
deliberate decision of his after the to
resume has said look this is wrong and
after that moment work so you can't just
have you know accidentally come across
these videos and retweeted them after
that he'll have looked at them and he's
gone you know what I stand by Britain
first and that's a racist organization
full of fascists we don't normally allow
racists and fascists declared as such to
come into this country when Theresa May
was Home Secretary she banned for
instance and Tyler the Creator she
banned a whole series of white
supremacists from the United States of
America quite rightly in my view because
she thought that them coming to this
country would not be conducive to public
peace and harmony in this country I tell
you if Donald Trump comes to this
country that the level of protests and
that we will see will be I think
unprecedented well he's a Labour MP
right maybe that's not so surprising
that he's so crazy I mean here's their
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn that is not
a photo shop that is him at
he's standing next to a Hezbollah
terrorists flag so it's no surprise that
the Labour Party is so crazy but the
ruling conservatives in the UK are just
as mad look the government will not
tolerate any groups who spread hate by
demonizing those of other faiths or
ethnicities and who deliberately raise
community fears and tensions president
Donald Trump was wrong to retweet videos
posted by far-right group Britain fast
it was pretty much unanimous wasn't it
amongst the five P professionals you
know what I'm talking about the list
that includes the politicians the press
the police the professor's etc here's
the Muslim Mayor of London
Sadek kan who issued a statement now he
hates from he hates that Trump calls out
radical Islam the Mayor of London is
demanding that the President of the
United States stop speaking freely about
Islam sorry buddy you don't have the
First Amendment in the UK but Trump has
it in America still I'm sad it cat hates
Trump's tweets but he tells Londoners to
accept terrorism as part and parcel of
living in a big city it's a new normal
Muslim terrorism is what you can expect
but free speech is out says Sadek Kent
now Trump has mocked this little twerp
before just a few months ago here's a
tweet from Trump he says at least seven
dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and
Mayor of London says there is quote no
reason to be alarmed but it's weird that
Teresa may the conservative Prime
Minister the United Kingdom has jumped
aboard the bandwagon - she shot back at
Trump through her members of parliament
through his spokesman well sorry you
don't get to zing Donald Trump tweaked
his nose and expect him not to tweak
back after Teresa may's spokesman took a
shot at trump here's what Trump tweeted
back he said Theresa May don't focus on
me focus on the destructive radical
Islamic terrorism that is taking place
within the United Kingdom we are doing
just fine
well not just fine
there are Muslim terrorist attacks every
few months in the United States - but
certainly nothing on the scale that the
United Kingdom has seen at least not
since 9/11 Trump's right on that so
what's really going on here well I think
first of all and most obviously no one
in the media is talking about the actual
content of the videos none of those MPs
or politicians Muslim terrorism Muslim
anti-christian extremism Muslim migrants
and their conduct in the West some focus
on the fact that Jada Frandsen whose
tweet was retweeted she's a member of a
political party she's the deputy leader
of something called Britain first which
is on the fringes sure but what does
that have to do with retweeting videos I
mean she didn't actually film the videos
she just tweeted them and Trump
retweeted them people retweet things on
Twitter all the time you don't do a full
background check on the person if it's
an interesting video speaks for itself
retweeting someone who's not a total
endorsement of a stranger who puts a
video on so what's really going on here
why the freak out why is the entire
United Kingdom political media
establishment practically ready to
disband the great alliance with America
over this why are they so absolutely
unhinged about it do they really think
they're going to get Donald Trump to
blink if little rocket man Kim jong-un
can't get Trump to blink if mighty
dictatorships and kings and Sultan's
can't get Trump to blink let alone
little politicians I mean he's a
dispatch to everyone from Jeb Bush to
Hillary Clinton do these British
politicians really think that Donald
Trump is going to what delete those
interesting videos and apologize for
showing them so what are they trying to
do they know they won't silence him I'll
tell you what they're trying to do they
are sending a message not to Donald
Trump but to 65 million Brits either
those on Twitter or Facebook and the
message is this don't you dare share
videos about Islam don't you dare share
Facebook foe posts from Jada France and
then Britain first or Tommy Robinson of
the rebel
don't you dare talk about Islam don't
you dare criticize Islam don't even show
a video without commentary that shows
the truth Isis throwing people off a
tower
Isis destroying churches don't even show
those facts because if the entire
political media industrial complex of
the United Kingdom will scream and shout
and threaten the mightiest man in the
world if they'll cough call for him to
literally be banned from the United
Kingdom and plenty of serious people
have actually said the Donald Trump
should be charged with crimes in the
United Kingdom spreading hate speech I
swear I've seen a dozen such claims
here's a member of parliament actually
saying Trump should be arrested for
inciting racial hatred if may allows him
to set foot on British soil if these
folks will threaten the most powerful
man in the world with censure of
censorship and arrest in prison if
they're trying to turn him into a non
person with no free speech rights simply
because you showed a video will imagine
what they will do to you you mere puny
citizen you know once upon a time
bringing a mere British citizen was
about the best thing you could be in the
world you could be the lowliest of the
low and yet you would have as many
rights as the king the right to your
thoughts the right to free speech the
right to your religion and ideas the
right to have your home be your castle
once once upon a time but now in the
land of Shakespeare and Churchill and
fetcher and the land of the Magna Carta
and the mother of Parliament's now you
cannot speak out the attack on Trump
wasn't a message to Trump it was a
message to everyone else don't you even
try don't you even try to dissent
anymore the calendar may say 2017 but it
is 1984 that's an excerpt from my daily
TV show the Ezra Levant show no one
leaves behind a paywall but I thought
you'd like this video so we put it on
YouTube if you want to subscribe to
watch the daily show every day including
always two interviews a day and I read
my hate mail just click on this screen
and become a Premium Member
you
