here's where it got interesting here's
where Emmanuel macron surprised me SEMA
cron didn't do the Trudeau thing or the
Obama thing the world apology tour you
know that seems that Trudeau doesn't go
a week without some sort of apology to
residential school survivors even though
Stephen Harper made the identical
apology a few years ago Justin Trudeau
apologized to Omar Khadr Trudeau makes
an apology every week often crying
same with Barack Obama he apologized
around the world but here's a manual
macron in a former colony and he started
talking about slavery which is happening
in African African renin did you see
this headline
there's slavery again in Libya but
listen to what macron said about slavery
in Libya which is in northern Africa he
refuses to accept blame for this slavery
he assigns the blame he uses afraid
human traffickers that's another way of
saying slavery
take a listen this clip you are
unbelievable who are the traffickers
Africans my friends say Africans ask
yourselves the question is not the
French who are the traffickers is the
Africa
that is true France does not run Africa
any more Africans do it's not French
slave traders its Africans why would a
manual macron take responsibility for a
slave market in Africa in 2017 that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
