what we see in Canada is a woman who's
now 22 who deliberately went to Syria
Iraq to be a wife of a terrorist and now
Canada is trying to bring her back home
not to charge her with a crime but just
to welcome her back is that appropriate
should there be charges how do you feel
about this I don't like him it's hard to
understand the world and it's correct in
its current form it's it's hard to
imagine that a young woman would go to a
conflict zone with the intention of
marrying somebody who is by anyone's
definition a terrorist and a killer it's
hard to imagine that Canadian women
would actually do something like that
but now that we see that they have done
those things we have to look at it from
a legal point of view so the Canadian
government is really responsible to its
Canadian citizens both at home and
abroad to make sure that we're okay
that's a fundamental responsibility of
every nation state so we have to start
with the premise that the Canadian
government certainly owes Canadian
citizens abroad health when they're in
trouble this is a Canadian citizen her
two children are Canadian citizens and
we must help her but you gotta admit
this is a bizarre situation where we are
committed to helping someone who would
probably if given the opportunity would
be committed to destroying the very
society and the way of life and the
freedoms and the liberties that we have
so it's the irony is is unbelievable
the real question that has to be poses
has this woman broken any Canadian laws
and if she hasn't presumably she should
be entitled to return regardless of how
distasteful her political ideas are and
her and how terrible her life choices
are but that's what she's done if she is
broken a law she should be prosecuted so
some of the things that are going to be
looked at is when she went there did she
do what did she do did she just marry
someone have chilled
with them cooking breakfast and make him
dinner and act like a a normal
traditional wife or was there more to it
did she help him
did she organize that she planned and
she support any international terrorist
activities that's really the question of
an analysis but right now we are
strapped with the obligation of helping
Canadian citizens her children are
Canadian citizens and we're stuck with
it now to be honest with you while I say
that as a lawyer I certainly wouldn't
want this young lady living next to me
in my neighborhood and possibly
encountering my children it's just not
something that I want and I'm sure that
lots of Canadians feel the same way but
from the legal point of view she's a
Canadian citizen and we owe her
protection
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levante show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch The
Daily Show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
