the media in the rest of Canada really
hasn't covered this I think it's the
same story we're reading like a wire
copy story that is published everywhere
how has the Quebec media been covering
it for Quebecers has it been as tilted
or has to be more fair I have to sit and
historically it's like in English Canada
if you look at what happened during the
students crisis in the spring of 2012
the media was very sympathetic to them
even if they were breaking the law and
having illegal protest day after day
after day now I'm gonna tell you I have
to admit the tides are changing a bit
Ezra last week we saw a price which is
not known as a right-wing paper as you
know and they came out with a huge story
on four on two days talking about we
shouldn't be scared of the extreme left
and extreme right because if you look at
the record
there's been no criminal activities
going on over the last few weeks or a
few months or a few years but the
extreme left they found out all sorts of
things even a website telling you how to
organize protests illegally how to
vandalize the public good and all sorts
of things like that and then with
different stories that are linked that
we can show that they were responsible
for activities for criminal activities
that led to a few million dollars of
damages to the you know to public good
so the tides are changing a bit and also
even the cultural world is changing
we saw some humorist some you know who
came out slamming the extreme left
because not the extreme left is also
attacking guys who are making jokes were
earning their lives to make jokes about
different things that are going on in
our society and we even saw protests at
the extreme left last week where they
were saying it's kina Tenakee he's the
humorist he's a he's a very well-known
guy here who's on stage and makes us
laugh often and they've attacked him and
there was even signs saying we want more
Oh market there in Canada then G not s
so they want more guys were terrorists
than people who are only making jokes to
make people laughing poor for
entertainment it's just unbelievable and
insane so even in the cultural community
that is usual
Leigha stronghold and supporter of the
extreme left now we see a change of
tides and many of them are saying not
we're skating we're concerned about the
extreme lashing
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levante show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
