for years for movies hundreds of
millions of dollars all to lead up to
this moment the release of Justice
League so was the greatest collaboration
of superheroes ever worth it yes and now
I'll give you the good bad and the ugly
the difficulty of balancing characters
and the politics and theology is being
discussed I am Ben Davies this is the
real rebel Review
Dian's before he had to just leave you a
quick reason why I break up my reviews
into three parts I was having a
conversation with a friend in LA about
Thor Ragnarok and he loved it I didn't
personally like it as much and he said
well maybe you're looking through a
political lens and of course like we all
do we all of our biases that's why I
tried to go into three different
categories my view review is my attempt
to be as objective as possible just will
anyone that generally goes to the
audience or go to the movies enjoy it
well someone that just bought a ticket
to watch movie and enjoy it will they
enjoy it my critic review is more about
me personally things I think they could
have done better things that I think
they kind of spun or specific political
points they're trying to push it an
agenda with that I might not agree with
and because I'm a Christian there's also
a lens that I always look to with faith
and values and so I like to break it
down through that lens as well so I have
three main categories to try to give you
a mix of things that are going on that
they did well they didn't do well and
all that sort of thing so I hope that
makes sense now let's go back to the
Justice League but Jess Lee was made for
allegedly 300 million dollars of opening
weekend its grossed about 166 million so
a pretty good start so far I was
directed by Zack Snyder so spoilers
ahead so I'm gonna tell you ahead of
time that you should go see this movie
it's worth a see I'm gonna break down
specifically why but just so you know
minor spoilers ahead potentially all
right let's do this I'm gonna give this
movie as a view or a 4 out of 5 I know
there's a lot of buzz going on like why
would you possibly go at that high well
it actually is exactly in line with the
viewer review and critic review
basically of Rotten Tomatoes right now
it's an 85 percent from viewers enjoyed
the movie the reason why this is is
because it was a fun elaborate mess of a
movie that just goes all over the place
these really unique and awesome
characters also they do a great job of
balancing action to highlight these
specific gifts and character traits
going on with each character on screen
so the sequence is changed with each
person everyone has their own skill it's
beautiful to watch the way Zack balanced
their specific fight scenes however
that's about the only balance in this
movie did as far as story and characters
and all that kind of stuff because
there's just so much going on in an hour
and 55 minutes
there's no way everything can be fully
fleshed out it's very similar to X
amount apocalypse but there's these
beautiful moments that are just
incredible to watch that you feel and
you're drawn to but there's so much
going on it's hard to follow the actual
plot and storyline because it's just too
much all I want it's definitely worth a
watch and it makes me very hopeful for
upcoming movies specifically with the
individual characters now if my krieger
view may give it a 2 out of 5 which I
know
is hitting it hard but it's just because
I wanted so much out of this movie
there's a few problems with this but I'm
gonna focus on the characters I think
characters are the most important part
of any story now there's three origin
stories going on at once in this movie I
think we all would have just loved to
see Wonder Woman and Batman on screen
again in their own movie but it's cool
we get to be introduced these characters
for future films the problem this movie
is all these characters are specifically
different very unique characters and
they all have an individual motivation
that has never fully fleshed out the
things they're struggling with it makes
them unique alright so for example
Wonder Woman save men from evil not
killing evil men but instead stopping
them from the evil satanic forces that
are influencing them along the way she
learns that all men are corruptible and
capable of Horrors however with guidance
they can achieve unbelievable good will
she become the inspiration and leader
they all need and do they deserve her
Superman all-powerful and because of his
love for mankind will lay down his life
for them despite their narrow-minded
opinions of him because of the love of
his father's the motivation of trying to
be the son that his father's had called
him been the example for him to be and
his uncanny unquestionable love and
sacrifice for Lois Lane
Batman witnessed firsthand the depravity
will nature of man his parents murdered
life shaken he is suspicious of any evil
nature and power over people as well as
what happens even in the upper echelon
in Wayne Enterprises seeing the
corruption and what power can do to the
individuals Beneatha chooses to live
life as a symbol to instill a healthy
fear to anyone willing to do crime or
harm to the innocence cyborg brought
back to life half-man half-machine
struggles with what he is is he someone
were just simply an experiment gone
wrong motivation what should he do with
the life he has flash the fastest man in
the world with no direction his father
in jail he seeks guidance as he grows
into a man and one of the most powerful
members of the DCU with no direction
what should his calling be Aquaman a man
stuck between two worlds giving up at
Birth by his mother Queen of Atlantis
for great love and safety for him raised
by a humble lighthouse worker Aquaman
loves the humans that raised him but
struggles with abandonment knowing that
he will be inevitably called back to the
Seas to be the king of Atlantis now all
these characters are amazing and their
individual conflicts are incredible
their motivations are specific and you
want to see each one of them overcome
these specific struggles with their
characters in their life too
the people doing the movie we all want
them to be however there's so much going
on you never get any time to fully flesh
out any specific character the only
thing that brings them together is the
most cliche thing ever which is the
world is ending so obviously we must put
together all our trivial things aside to
save everyone in the world in mankind
there's also the big problem with the
world any things you must have the
characters fully fleshed out before you
get to that because obviously that
motivation trumps everything else but
this gives me so much hope for the
individual movie is coming out obviously
one woman was fantastic Man of Steel was
great it's gonna be incredible to see
what they can potentially do with the
standalone Aquaman movies the flashpoint
movie Wonder Woman - all these cool
things coming up now my faith in value
section would give it a 2 out of 5
muscle getting a little bit of politics
in this there is a slight theme being
spoken throughout about how man is
destroying the world through global
warming because there's so much going on
they never fully fleshed this out but of
course Ben Affleck's character does
address this like once or twice during
the movie there was also some weird
moment beginning a movie where men are
just trying to instill terror for
whatever political gain or reason with
the Wonder Woman opening scenes like
these IRA members or something that are
gonna blow up this building you're like
why yes the terrorists attack shouting
howell akbar in london was a little bit
too cliches happened a little too much i
don't know and on a faith level they do
reference these three specific powerful
box entity things that are all powerful
but they're three-in-one they're like
three different parts but they're also
one thing is kind of like a weird
reference to the trinity it's used by
the villain Steppenwolf in the movie
which is maybe kind of a weird mockery
to the trinity i don't man looking so
far into that but was just odd the way
they were like it's also it's three
parts but it's one of this powerful
entity it's like however one of the best
themes going on with the movie as a
theme of redemption for a lot of the
characters specifically batman batman
struggles with a lot of guilt because
what happened in Batman V Superman where
he was fighting him and ended up leading
him awaking him to where he could be
killed by doomsday and redemption is
such a great theme because we all can
relate to it it's a it's a symptom of
living in a fallen world we know we're
all inherently flawed and we're gonna
need a Savior and we have to be redeemed
because of that
Ephesians 1:7 says in him in Jesus we
have the redemption through his blood
the forgiveness of sins in accordance
with the riches of God's grace because
we love watching characters struggle
with things in their past to overcome
those in future events to be redeemed
it's a great moment what is also cool as
Batman throughs redemption looks back on
Clark and sees the incredible necessity
that the human race needed he
specifically is like know as humans like
we needed that hope we need him back
that idea again like that hope gave him
so much purpose he realizes that
Superman was needed because he gave the
people something to believe in it was a
really cool kind of theme throughout
even though it's nice it wasn't really
fleshed out because they did so much in
an hour or two hour maybe like I said
there's a lot of problems this movie but
it is a really fun movie to watch it's a
thrill ride from start to finish so if
you guys get a chance to go to the
theaters and watch it there please do it
and the upcoming movie should be pretty
good
I'm Ben Davies with the room another
review alright if you like this video
and others like it please consider
becoming a premium member to the rebel
that way you'll have first access to
pure Hollywood and the entire rebel
lineup
you
