it has been a particularly deadly week
for law enforcement officers five killed
in the line of duty two on Thanksgiving
Day we're gonna discuss why five law
enforcement officers killed in the line
of duty in the past week two yesterday
on Thanksgiving Day the first happened
early in the morning about 1:30 1:45
a.m. in Oakland County Michigan a
sheriff's deputy named Eric overall he
was 50 years old a 22 year veteran of
the job by all accounts an absolutely
outstanding guy I'm gonna read you some
things people from the community said
about him and this one is particularly
heinous really really nasty incident the
there was a car chase going on the
police were chasing a 22 year old
suspect multiple drug convictions
resisting arrest obstruction charges and
deputy overall was placing down stop
sticks on the road those sticks that
deflate tyres he had placed the six as
the pursuit was getting closer to him
and he walked off the roadway onto the
shoulder where he was supposedly safe
right well no the savage the killer had
other plans he aimed his vehicle into
deputy overall struck him at a high rate
of speed killing him how evil how evil
can you get on Thanksgiving morning
early early Thanksgiving morning let me
read you some things people said about
Debbie Eric overall BB Worthington is
now 25 said he was assigned to her high
school when she was a student there she
said quote I was a very troubled kid I
got into some bad things he was kind of
like a rock to me he helped guide me
past all that and move me in the right
direction this is hard for me this is an
emotional segment for me because I had
friends killed in the line of duty when
I was on the job he's a good people who
do a very hard job for very little pay
hi mal cousin 37 said that deputy
overall mentored her twelve-year-old son
Kyle and Harris quote he was just so
nice he spoke to everyone he came in
contact with when he was riding around
the community he made a point to stop
and talk with residents just a great guy
he really loved the kids out here
project absolutely tragic and the list
went on and on and on about what an
awesome guy this 22 year law enforcement
veteran was his life mowed down right
around retirement he was just gotten
remarried he should have been retiring
enjoying his pension loving life killed
brutally run over on the side of a
roadway and later that day just as
tragic a young father of three a 15 year
veteran of the Texas Department of
Public Safety it was a Texas DPS trooper
that's Texas State Troopers the
Department of Public Safety a trooper
named Damon Allen was brutally shot and
killed by a savage named a Brett
Montreal black the trooper had pulled
him over at about 3:45 p.m. and
approached his vehicle and as he was
turning around the trooper was turning
around to brown to walk back to his own
vehicle it appears that black exited his
car and fired at the trooper where the
rifle shot him in the back killing him
how disgracefully cowardly can you be
thank God Texas has the death penalty
now this savage was caught at about 9:00
p.m. he was a shot by police bit by a
canine I just wish they both finished
the job I don't even want to see the
people of Texas and and trooper Allen's
family have to go through trial having
to look at this animal yeah
animal is too good a word a savage in
the courtroom and having to relive this
incident on Thanksgiving afternoon 3:45
p.m.
when the trooper should have been
sitting down having dinner with his wife
and children he was murdered shot in the
back by a savage coward
this is absolutely tragic but these are
just two of the five this week earlier
in the week exactly a week before
Thanksgiving Day we lost detective Sean
Souter in Baltimore he was part of the
Baltimore Police Department
BPD Baltimore City not the County gotten
killed in the line of duty we
police officer Bryan David Shaw of the
New Kensington Police Department in
Pennsylvania shot and killed and we lost
Border Patrol agent Rogelio Martinez
this one is particularly bad he was
bludgeoned to death beaten over the head
with rocks by illegal aliens that he was
trying to stop from coming in to the
United States you know those dreamers
only coming here for a better life to do
the jobs Americans won't do and why is
this happening why why are we seeing
these line-of-duty deaths OD MP Officer
Down Memorial Page is showing us that
we're about in line with with line of
duty deaths where we were last year and
you know the numbers are well over 100 I
believe we ended last year at 147 this
year I believe were at 116 with these
deaths and why is it happening you know
a lot of people say well Obama well not
Obama but Obama's administration Obama's
policies certainly had a lot to do with
the boldness and the brazenness now I'm
a guy who likes to deal in facts that's
in data so when I look back and I go
back years and years 10 15 20 years
there really isn't that significant rise
in the murders of law enforcement
officers especially in line of duty but
what is different is the boldness the
brazenness in the way that it's
happening
if the trend used to be a cop kicks in a
door they're serving a high-risk warrant
on a homicide suspect a violent criminal
a really violent drug dealer there's a
gun battle the cop is killed but we've
been seeing over the last couple of
years last few years since Obama in
Bolden domestic terror groups like black
lives matter and now in Tifa we're
seeing attacks on police we're seeing
looking Police Officer Jeff Jesse
Hartnett in Philadelphia the Isis
loyalist tried to murder his police car
luckily Jesse who I've gotten to know
was able to get out of his patrol car
with bullets in him and shoot the guy
down but we're seeing these these
attacks of cops sitting in their cars
cops on car stops turning around and
being gunned down with rifles pointing a
vehicle at a police officer who's
standing on the shoulder of the road and
killing them at 1:30 a.m. on
Thanksgiving morning to me I do believe
this is the result of a of a pro
thug anti-cop mentality wasn't just
fostered by but promoted by Barack Obama
and continued by the radicals on the far
left like Maxine Waters like Frederica
Wilson down here in Florida the East
Coast Maxine Waters
like Keith Ellison like Tom Perez at the
DNC and like the various and sundry
other far leftist I think it's cool to
hate on the police to glorify thugs and
criminals no one is a better culprit of
that than Hollywood sex offender
pedophile ridden Hollywood and as a
result we're seeing these these much
more proactive attacks on police not the
reactive ones where you're you're being
arrested and you're in a gun battle with
the cops just as heinous you should be
put down like the rabid animal you are
just as quickly but but it's scary that
the criminals are now on offense now
they're hunting the cops down there
looking for them in their patrol cars
and I do blame that on progressivism I
do blame that on a permissive attitude
towards domestic terror groups but then
again when you have Maxine Waters a
senior member of the Congressional Black
Caucus it's former chair writing letters
as far back as 1998 to Fidel did to
Fidel Castro on behalf of cop killer and
domestic terrorists FBI most wanted
domestic terrorist Joanne Chesimard aka
Assata Shakur what do you expect she
doesn't change her tone and the
Democratic Party and groups like the
Congressional Black Caucus look for
people with the same ideology is Maxine
Waters they look for people that glorify
cop killers and terrorists and they look
for people
that demonize the police and let me tell
you something when you start putting its
average murderers over the police that's
when all of society suffers this is why
it is so important for us to become
engaged and get rid of these people who
would put our public safety beneath the
glorification of those who want to kill
us
I want to keep bringing you this content
so please help me do that by subscribing
to our premium service that
www.mediaed.org this
you
