under the Ford administration we're
ranked number one to work in number two
to live in in the entire world we are
now falling down to 17 there's a reason
welcome to the latest front when it
comes to Toronto's war on the car
folks I'm standing on King Street as you
can see what used to be a right lane of
traffic is now cordoned off with this
barricade down there because we love to
go green in the city you can see
planters it's all taking out the right
lane which used to accommodate traffic
and it's all being done so that
streetcars can have a their way in the
left lane if you are daring to drive
your car on King Street you have to turn
at the next available right-hand turn or
else you're going to be fined 110
dollars and two demerit points so who's
got something to say about this latest
war on the car well the man who would be
the next mayor of this city Doug Ford
he's going to give a press conference
about it in just a couple of minutes two
million dollars of revenue taking the
meter parking away from from King Street
it's costing another 1.5 million dollars
of taxpayers money to to create this
absolute disaster half of its coming
from the federal government which is our
money the other half is actually dead so
he's putting us in debt to create more
traffic congestion John Tory's theory
for traffic congestion is creating more
traffic congestion
and going after making sure that the the
people that drive cars again 85% of them
don't come downtown stay away from
downtown if you drive the car and that's
unfortunate it's creating a problem for
people coming into the city it creates
confusion and the only thing that John
Tory understands is the Tauri ticket so
anyone who makes an accident or hangs a
right by accident and goes down further
than a block he gets the Tauri ticket
I'd like to give John Tory a ticket for
creating congestion in the
city and I have one here specifically
made up the Tory ticket creating
congestion in the city and I don't see
him getting two demerit points or paying
a hundred and ten dollar one hundred and
ten dollar fine but this is a Tory
ticket a lot of people say that this is
a nineteenth-century transit solution
for a 21st century city would if you
became mayor would you finally retire
these streetcars Iowan it's funny you
say that had some friends from Chicago
come down and they came along King and
there was a streetcar in front of them
and they said what sort of antiquated
system transit system are you running
here you know even someone from out of
town realizes that these are 80 year old
streetcar when we should my opinion have
articulated buses being able to go in
and out of traffic it's just you know
it's just ideas again we can't close off
streets and put a ban on the car it's
the King Street ban on the car and this
is just the beginning they it's similar
to the Bloor Street bike lanes it's
similar to what they're gonna do on
Yonge Street they want to put bike lanes
from the top at Yonge all the way down
at the bottom similar to what they want
to do on the University Avenue it's just
just the beginning the the you know he's
gonna go full steam ahead I can promise
you that why don't we have a mentality
at this council of war on the card ugh
is it because most of these councilors
live like within a short walking
distance of the city itself
well I don't understand why they're
creating a war on the car again car is
one mode of transportation they have a
war on taxi drivers too that can only go
on young from 10:00 p.m. till 5:00 a.m.
in the morning how can they how can they
you know put food on the table for their
families when they aren't allowed to go
on one of the busiest roads and in the
in the country again one of the oldest
roads one of the busiest roads I saw a
picture of a car on King Street in 1926
we're almost 100 years of cars but the
ban cars on a street it's again I think
the mayor the cheese has slipped off the
cheese has slipped off the cracker when
it comes to the mayor's thought process
people are simply saying what I hear I'm
not going downtown traffic's a nightmare
to get down there once you get down
there you have to park and so on so
forth they're avoiding downtown and we
want to attract large corporations down
here first thing they look at is that
house the livability and let me remind
you about the livability of this city
under the Ford administration we're
ranked number one to work in number two
to live in in the entire world we are
now falling down to 17 there's a reason
the taxes are too high right now the
transit congestion is a nightmare in
this city no matter where you go and we
aren't we aren't gonna make sure traffic
moves quicker by putting bike lanes and
I can assure you a main arterial roads
I'd like to look at going one way I
spend a lot of time in Chicago traffic
moves in Chicago New York's probably not
a good comparison four times the size
it's a little busy but again they have
one-way streets a lot of these large
cities London have one-way streets let's
try it maybe that's not the answer but
I'll tell you one thing the Tauri
tickets right here are not the answer
whatever happened to John Tory smart
track well I think that's still on the
back of a napkin where it started four
years ago because smart track is dead
I'll never forget I'll never forget
seven years twenty two stops you've got
to be kidding me it's four years and
nothing's happening so what did we learn
about this so-called pilot project well
probably it's not a pilot project this
is the new normal putting flower
planters on a live Lane a trafficker
well what was a once a live lane of
traffic to accommodate that for the
rebel dot media I'm David the men's ID
Menzies
video
you
