out of 900 fugitives from American
immigration law who illegally crossed
into Canada only six have been deported
from Canadian soil today I'm going to
tell you what that means for Canada's
latest sanctuary city Edmonton Alberta
Canada's Minister of gangs and border
security bill Blair thinks that nearly
all of Canada's well over 30,000 illegal
border crossers have been either
deported or self deported just watch
this crazy clip some of them just choose
to leave I will tell you that we we did
experience a surge of people last year
we found a very small percentage who
were actually eligible to stay and the
overwhelming majority of those people
have left but as they say on the Maury
show the lie detector determined that to
be false or maybe Bill Blair just
doesn't read or watch any news we know
through earlier reports that at least
34,000 asylum seekers have just
sauntered across the border into Canada
and only 398 just 1% have been removed
and as reported in the Toronto Sun and
based on numbers tabled recently in the
House of Commons 900 illegal border
crossers since April of 2017
were already under deportation orders
issued by the American government for
all intents and purposes these people
are fugitives from American justice and
yet as of the end of June 2018 only six
of these people have been deported from
Canadian soil those are a lot of
somebody else's problems just walking
around the streets of Canada now when
faced with that information Bill Blair
tweeted that he clearly misspoke when he
suggested that a majority of people who
arrived last year have left
he wrote they await disposition of their
claim accordingly but we know that may
take years and years and years to see
that so-called disposition and in the
meantime we just
lose track of all those lawbreakers and
it looks like Bill Blair might have
maybe lost track of some of them just
look at this exchange between
conservative immigration critic Michelle
Rempel and Bill Blair in the House of
Commons from Monday
just watch if the minister can't tell
the house how many illegal border
crossers remain in Canada how can they
possibly expect to believe that he knows
where they are
mr. speaker under Canadian law all
people are coming into this country
seeking asylum are entitled to due
process when all of those processes have
been exhausted and they are deemed
ineligible they are subject to removal
by CBSA the people that that the the
member opposite is referring to are
still engaged in that process
well isn't that fantastic bill Blair
doesn't have a clue where these people
are he cannot answer Michelle Rempel
questions at all 900 criminals just
wandering about
that's like opening the doors of a major
prison and just letting those people
walk free but I'm willing to make an
educated guess where the majority of
these people fleeing justice in the
United States may have gone I'm willing
to bet that a majority of them went to
the sanctuary cities of Toronto and
Montreal now these are places where the
city councilors have voted to basically
erase Canadian immigration law and
extend taxpayer-funded municipal
services to any person illegally within
the borders of Canada being a sanctuary
city means that not only can illegal
migrants take advantage of municipal
services like swimming pools and
recreation passes but these migrants can
also be in contact with law enforcement
officers like bylaw officers without
worrying about their immigration status
or a lack thereof getting them arrested
and then rightfully deported from Canada
and now these illegal criminals facing
deportation for any number of offences
crimes or immigration fraud in the
United States now have a third option
when they are looking for somewhere to
settle and be safe from justice that
place is chilly but beautiful Edmonton
Alberta we told you yesterday Edmonton
has become Canada's newest sanctuary
city for illegal migrants which will
predictably collapse our homeless
shelter and food bank system causing
needy Canadians to compete with people
who are here illegally for those scarce
social services the way becoming a
sanctuary city has done to Montreal
and Toronto and sanctuary city status in
Edmonton happened without any input or
concern or care about the opinions of
the people who would be footing the bill
for all of it
Edmonton taxpayers the mayor Don Iverson
and nine councillors voted the policy
into reality now I'm doing two things
and I need your help first I have a
petition to Edmonton's mayor calling on
him not to spend another dime on illegal
migrants while there are still 11
thousand homeless people sleeping on
Edmonton streets you can sign that
petition at uphold the law dot CA the
second thing I want to do is give admin
Tony ins a chance to have their say
something Edmonton's mayor never
afforded to them
I want to commission a fair and
professional opinion poll from a
reputable pollster to gauge admin tone
Ian's opinions on becoming a sanctuary
City but opinion polls they're expensive
they cost a couple thousand bucks if you
can help pitch in to cover the cost of
getting that opinion poll done you can
do that to add uphold the law Chie I
think Edmond Tony ins are just like the
rest of the country they're not
comfortable with criminals seeking
refuge in their cities and their
government being perfectly okay with it
for the rebel media I'm Shiela gun raid
I have a petition calling on Edmonton
City Council to not spend a penny on
illegal migrants while there are still
11 thousand homeless people in their
City
you can sign that petition at uphold the
law CA and if you can help me cover the
cost to Commission a fair opinion poll
to actually ask Edmond Tony ins what
they think about becoming a sanctuary
city you can do that too
you can donate at uphold the law dot CA
