I'm gonna tell you about one of the
dumbest decisions by a police chief I
have ever come across and why I think it
could potentially get cops killed file
this one under one of the dumbest
stories I've ever read about a police
chief's decision and why it's deadly and
dangerous what's going on here is in
Bridgeport Connecticut the Chief of
Police a guy named Armando AJ Perez has
barred police officers get ready for
this he's barred police officers from
wearing any outer gear jackets best
cover his body armor covers anything
like that that have the word police on
them think about this for a second
on-duty police officers in the
Bridgeport Connecticut Police Department
under the direction of Armando AJ Perez
chief Perez can no longer have police
emblazoned on their gear now not only is
this politically correct short-sighted
idiocy just dumb it's really really
dangerous and a sergeant in the agency a
guy by the name of Chris Robinson spoke
up when he spoke up chief Perez
suspended him now he claims he didn't
suspend him for descent he suspended him
for not following proper protocol but
let me tell you what sergeant Robinson
said I'm I tell you what chief Perez
said and I'm gonna tell you about my own
personal experiences with this kind of
thing so chief Perez writes in his memo
members of the service which are
officers we recall that in NYPD as well
MOS members of the service members of
the service are reminded that any
wearing of police on department uniforms
other than Road outerwear is prohibited
so what he's saying is the only time the
word police is permitted on gear is if
you're on the road in other words doing
a car stop directing traffic that is one
of the dumbest things I've ever heard in
my life and we're gonna get to why now
sergeant Robinson wrote and he was
pretty fired up about it a lot of
exclamation points quote this order
compromises everyone's safety it is an
order that can get an officer hurt or
killed he's a hundred percent right even
a new City Councilman elect
a guy named Marcus brown said
it does make me worry about his
leadership speaking of chief Perez the
police are there to protect and serve
people need to be able to ID who police
officers are when outside of the vehicle
if they want to remove police from the
jackets what's next from police cars it
doesn't make sense to me well thank you
councilman Brown that's common sense sir
you're a hundred percent right now the
chief went on to say that officers are
readily identifiable quote readily
identifiable by their uniforms badges
nametags hats and police patches well I
guess he doesn't have any plainclothes
cops he doesn't have any detectives of
course he does that's why this is so
stupid that is why this is so stupid
he is gonna get plainclothes cops killed
look when you see something on the news
about an emergency situation a police
response and you see the men and women
running in from all sides with
windbreakers that say police or sheriff
or federal agent or DEA or FBI don't
wear those to look cool they're wearing
those to be identified because they're
in street clothes or business attire
they're wearing those not only so that
the public can identify them but more
importantly though that other law
enforcement officers seeing this person
running toward them with a firearm in
their hand can identify them as a good
guy it's one of the first things you're
taught in the police academy it doesn't
matter if you ascend to the rank of
chief if you're out for dinner and plain
clothes in a uniform rookie cop with a
week on the street gives you an order
you comply you allow that police officer
in uniform the one who's readily
identifiable to control the situation
and once they do control it and they
have your identification then you engage
in conversation then you settle the
situation this chief is an absolute
moron and we've seen what happens when
plainclothes cops can't be identified
back in the summer of 2016 a young cop a
young narcotics detective in Prince
George's County Maryland a guy by the
name of Jack Ike Colson was shot and
killed by another police officer because
he was misidentified you probably
remember the situation some lunatic who
wanted to commit suicide by cop came to
their headquarters building the Prince
George's County head police headquarters
building started shooting up the
building
cops returned fire at that moment
detective Colson
arriving in an unmarked car and he was
supposedly an outstanding detective I
spoke to friends of his and he was
dressed like he should be looking as
much like a street guy as he could The
Fool drug dealers and Gun Runners into
working with him so he being a cop
starts engaging the bad guy as well but
the cops in the building didn't
recognize him one of them shoots and
kills officer Colson this can happen
detective Colson actually this can
happen and it will happen with
short-sighted idiotic policies like
these and the sergeant goes on to say
sergeant Robbins had to blew the whistle
he says quote and this happened to me I
myself have been drilled on the stand
before in trials that they repeatedly
asked me well is it possible that maybe
they didn't know you were a police
officer I was in a few shooting
incidents in two of them that's the
exact question
the defense attorney asked me when I was
on the stand the exact question in both
instances defense attorneys said to me
well is it possibly started firing
because he thought you were other drug
dealers coming to steal his drugs no how
do you know that because we were wearing
windbreakers that said NYPD police and
there went that tactic by the defense in
another instance I said the same thing
and we said no in the defense attorney
said why and we said well we were
sitting in a marked NYPD patrol car in
uniform there went that tactic by the
defense all right this is critically
important stuff and this police chief is
already under fire for a rising homicide
rate immunity activists annoyed about
would they consider police brutality but
I can't find any evidence of that
they're just annoyed that people in the
mine re-air it is being arrested so of
course this guy is now cowering the
political correctness that's all this is
about this is one of the dumbest things
I've ever heard in cops around the
country are chiming in on social media
saying just how stupid and just how
deadly this is now the police union is
stepping in hopefully hopefully they're
gonna gain some ground here and shut
this idiocy down the cops were given a
uniform the chief uniform allowance said
the chief says he claims well it's not
in let me find what he said because it's
so dumb it defies logic
he says uniformity and discipline are
necessary for the efficient operation of
a police
zatia we are an organization of rules
and laws and the rules must be adhered
to
he claims that putting police on
uniforms is not authorized think about
that putting the word police on police
uniforms is not authorized in current
policy which is established by the chief
the city's law department and the police
commission and probably the reason it is
not expressly stated is because it's
common sense why would you say well oh
by the way we have to make sure the word
police is on the uniforms or the gear of
police officers it's people are so blown
away they're so incredulous that this
guy is splitting these hairs at the
expense of the lives of cops this is
exactly the problem with political
correctness when it starts creeping in
institutions like police departments who
are there to protect and serve and a
major way they do that is by being able
to be identified by the public little
kids are a loss we ran up to them they
see the word police so ladies being
mugged see the word police other police
officers see that windbreaker that says
police and don't shoot their fellow law
enforcement officers Chiefs like this
need to go the age of Obama is gone now
we have to do away with the age of
political correctness I want to keep
bringing you this content so help me do
it please sign up for our premium
service at wwww media horde slash shows
if you're already a subscriber thanks
very very much I'll be back with you
tomorrow on Thanksgiving thanks for
watching
you
