while they here the government knows who
these people are the government has been
tracking them so if the government knows
who they are if Ralph Goodale stands up
in the House of Commons and tell that
there are 60 Isis people in Canada that
mean they have the information on these
people on this individual they know who
they are they know that they had left
Canada and now they have returned to
Canada why would you allowed to enter
well that's a great point I mean I go
through customs I go through customs
from time to time and they I show my
receipts if I bringing back any gifts
they they ask me how much money I bought
in gifts and like I'm grilled and maybe
I go to secondary interrogations over
trivial matters
can you imagine someone coming back from
Syria and Iraq who had been over there
for years who was on a watch list and
eight would be whisked right through or
who knows maybe they were asked
questions and then released but but why
I mean surely surely there they could be
held I mean that we I know for a fact we
have various provisions in our Criminal
Code there are extraordinary provisions
but for there forget detaining people
about whom there is a real and imminent
risk that there would be a date it's
like a dangerous offenders provision but
for terrorism how could all 60 of them
have been waived through that is
shocking to me
Ezra my concern did not simply common
criminal
these are not drug traffickers these are
not people that you know under some sort
of criminal code Canadian criminal code
that you would go and arrest them these
are people who joined in a war against
Canada against the West al-qaeda leader
the late Osama bin Laden in one of his
first messages to the world had
mentioned Canada by name that they are
at war against the West and Canada was
mentioned
similarly Isis have mentioned Canada by
name these are people who went from
Canada whatever the background of killed
of ethnicity
and where they were born or who they are
but they travel out of Canada on
Canadian passport to join people our
entity an organization that has been
waging war against the West and against
Canada since at least 9/11 now these
people have returned as if they came
back from a holiday at going to the
Swiss Alps or to the French US Cote
d'Azur I mean this is outrageous that's
an excerpt from my daily TV show the
answer Levant show normally it's behind
a paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
