here's the news today we are at a real
risk now of hot terrorism of real
shocking violence because 60
battle-hardened terrorists have returned
to Canada from Syria and Iraq where they
were with Isis and Justin Trudeau seems
pretty fine with that I'm talking about
young Muslim men who went overseas
deliberately to kill and rape and
plunder and who have done so they're
over the psychological hump of their
first murder their first rape they're
into it now I imagine it's harder to
murder the first person than the next
and the ten that follow I imagine it's
harder to rape the first screaming woman
than the ten after that that's what they
did over there we know they were
Canadians like this thug who reports say
was finally killed
I made Hitler to this line for one
reason alone I left comfort for one
reason alone for allah azza wajal
and in sha allah after sham after Iraq
after jazeera we are going for you
Barack Obama he was surrounded by guns
he was sitting on a tank well Donald
Trump is keeping his promise of
destroying Isis the large city of Mosul
was liberated in July this summer right
when we were in Iraq actually not very
far and the ISIS capital of Raqqa was
taken not long after that was the base
Raqqa that was a command post I think
liberated is probably the wrong word
it's pretty much rubble now lots of
terrorists are dead but I don't know if
you saw this the BBC broke a horrifying
story
hundreds of Isis terrorists were allowed
to surrender and not go to jail they
were allowed to surrender and just leave
Raqqa in these trucks you see these
trucks this is the BBC scoop they were
just allowed to leave they weren't all
killed in Raqqa they were allowed to
leave to fight another day but not in
godforsaken Syria but rather a city in
Germany or France or the UK or Canada
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
