Lyndsay Shepard is a grad student at
Wilfrid Laurier University in Waterloo
Ontario she's also a teaching assistant
which is sort of like a junior professor
she was teaching a course in critical
thinking and she showed a clip of
Canada's most famous critical thinker
professor Jordan Peterson of the
University of Toronto you'll remember he
was the professor who said he didn't
want to have to use the made-up
politically correct language to call
people by weird names like G and Juran's
that he and her he said he was worried
that new laws made it a human rights
offense not to use made-up Orwellian
language like that and the far-left went
nuts against him trying to drive him out
of the school the university's
administration pounced on him too but
for the first time in memory a professor
fought back and won Lyndsey Sheppard had
the audacity to show a clip of Peterson
in class not to advocate for him but
simply to show him as one point of view
in a debate pretty much what the course
is about what university is about the
speech from what I understand was a TV
Ontario show called the agenda with
Steve akin which is about as mild as TV
gets in Canada now let's say you don't
like that alright fine so debate it you
practice your critical thinking you
practice being an intellectual grown-up
you speak out Wednesday Sheppard isn't
exactly the most terrifying person in
the world
she says she's left-wing and progressive
and I'm sure that's true there's no
adult who could honestly say they were
afraid to ask a leftist question of a
mild-mannered leftist teaching assistant
at a leftist campus it's just not real
but Lindsay was summoned to a kangaroo
court a story of Star Chamber where she
was grilled by fellow academics for
having the audacity to have even shown
professor Peterson to the class they
literally compared showing that video to
showing a Hitler video they said that
they called the video showing the video
violence they said that and despite her
request they never actually showed
Lindsay the complaint against her what
it said or who made it or even how many
complaints there were that star chamber
stuff kangaroo court stuff now
I've heard about this story it got some
press at least in some places but over
the weekend an audio recording of that
Star Chamber hearing was leaked to
global news about ten minutes long and
it is amazing it is shocking it is
infuriating a pack of academics mainly
feminist men you know the kind and a
Marxist woman ganging up on Lyndsey
berating her comparing her to a Nazi
little literally driving her to tears
she was crying alright enough for me
here listen to the tape my scene is
problematic by by some of the students
maybe even threatening um I don't I
don't see how someone would rationally
think it was threatening I I could see
how it might challenge their existing
ideas but for me that's that's the
spirit of the university is challenging
ideas that you already have and I don't
know who this came from I would be
interested to see the original complaint
or complaints because like I don't
really have any context like as to what
exactly their problem was the thing is
can you shield people from those ideas
am I supposed to comfort them and make
sure that they are insulated away from
this like is that what the point of this
is because to me that is so against what
a university is about so against it I
was not taking sides I was presenting
both arguments that sounds pretty
reasonable doesn't it that feminist male
says the video was threatening and she
pushed back good for her but then listen
I'm gonna let this part run for a minute
and a half just listen in this craziness
so the thing is about this is if you're
presenting something like this it you
can think about the kind of teaching
climate that you're creating and this is
actually these arguments are counter to
the Canadian Human Rights Code ever
since I know that you talked about
c16 ever since this past it is
discriminatory to be targeting someone
due to their gender identity or gender
expression so bringing something like
that up and class not critically and I
understand that you're trying to like it
was critical why I introduced it
critically
how so like I said like I said I it was
in the spirit of debate okay in the
spirit of the debate is slightly
different than being like okay this is
this is a problematic idea that we would
maybe want to unpack but that's taking
sides it's like it's taking sides for me
to be like oh look at this guy
like everything that comes out his mouth
is BS but we're gonna watch anyway okay
so I understand the position they are
coming from and you're positionality but
the reality is that it has created a
toxic climate or some of the students
hey you know how many it's great oh how
many okay one yeah it might be I mean I
have no I have no concept of like how
many people complain like what their
complaint was you haven't showed me the
complaint yes I understand that this is
upsetting but there's also confidential
at comfy and confidentiality matters the
number of people's are special yes did
you hear that male feminist there he
said that it is illegal to have certain
opinions in Canada he said it's illegal
to call someone he or her if they want
to be called years and he's enforcing
that law in his own way in an academic
classroom he's saying that Lindsey let
adults hear illegal material by the way
liberals mock dr. Peterson when he
warned this would be word policing what
you just heard him that male feminist
sure is lecturing Lindsey and tries to
shut her up even in the Star Chamber
when she speaks back what a crock saying
a complaint against her can't be shown
to her for confidentiality reasons can
you imagine that well if that's the case
I I if you don't have the right to
confront your accuser imagine if
everyone just made secret complaints
about everyone else and the targets
never got to see the charges but had to
defend them anyways never got to push
back against the accuser imagine even
claiming that the number of complaints
was secret that's baloney that's a
university campus these days all right
here's some more this is about 90
seconds take a listen you're perfectly
welcome your own opinions but when
you're bringing it into the context of
the classroom that can become
problematic and that can become
something that is that creates an unsafe
learning environment for
students but when they leave the
university they're gonna be exposed to
these ideas so I don't see how I'm doing
a disservice to the class by exposing
them to ideas that are really out there
and I'm sorry I'm crying I'm stressed
out because this to me is so wrong
please so I agree that it does gender
violence I think just include sexual
violence but it also includes targeting
folks based on gender so that includes
transphobia biphobia homophobia all
those sorts of things I protected under
the policy and so those are things that
Laurie has upheld as values as well as
the Ontario Human Rights Code and so
those are things that we're responsible
for not impacting our students in that
way I'm not um not spreading transphobia
an unsafe environment eh oh yes
sexual violence said the leftist woman
on the Inquisition there's no fancy way
to put it that is nuts
Lindsay was in tears down by the way of
course it's what three against one four
against one and the secret hearing with
a secret complaint and she's been called
a monster being called violent for
simply trying to teach making a grown
woman cry think about that you make a
grown woman cries I'm not saying that's
an automatic stop everything moment but
maybe it's a stop for a second and do a
gut check about what you're doing moment
no not for these tolerance cops they
love that she was crying so they live
for this is how they prove that they're
more tolerant than anyone else by being
intolerant to her this is how they prove
they their more kind than anyone by
being vicious to her there's more take a
listen so this is this is basically like
playing not to kind of do the thing
where everything is kind of compared to
Hitler but it's like neutrally playing a
speech by by Hitler or Milo anomalous
from gamergate this is the kind of thing
that departmentally in terms of like
critical communication studies and in
terms of the course of what we're trying
to do
is diametrically opposed to everything
that we've been talking about in the
lectures so professor Jordan Peterson is
like Hitler
oh and Milo yeah novelist - how insane
must he be to think that those are the
two worst names you can muster you're as
bad as Hitler and Milo a Jewish gay guy
with like a husband who makes jokes
about feminists I swear I thought this
was fakie which is too insane here
listen to some more sorry what did I
violate in that policy
um so gender-based violence
transphobia in that policy causing harm
to trans students by bringing their
identity as invalid or their pronouns as
invalid or something potentially invalid
so I caused harm which I by under the
Ontario Human Rights Code it protected
thing and also something that Lauri
equals as a value so now it's
gender-based violence causing harm to
say that she insurers invalid is like
raped these people are insane and
they're going after a left this woman by
the way just shut down the university
just shut it down it's it's irreparable
so you've got some crazy Maoists who say
this is the law and they're enforcing
the law on their bizarre lawless
kangaroo court no rules just a pylon no
lawyer for the victim there no
procedural fairness but they ended by
saying this is what Laurier University
stands for wilfred laurier
i think they're right on that though
don't you think
okay so that's not an issue I mean I'm
just I know that I know in my heart and
I know I expressed to the class that I'm
not transphobic and if any of them I
don't know again I don't know what they
said but I made my I don't think I gave
away any kind of political position of
mine I remained very neutral and that's
kind of the problem that's kind of the
problem says the male feminist at the
end there she was neutral so she is a
Nazi loving violent person who must be
shamed and thrown out what do you think
I reached out to Lindsay by E
and said we'd be happy to crowdfund a
lawyer for she wrote back and thanked me
but declined I think maybe she's worried
about taking help from the rebel fine I
hope she reconsider so she does we're
ready to help her but I've launched a
petition anyways that you can sign it's
just a petition I will hand deliver it
to Wilfrid Laurier University here's the
petitions Wilfrid Laurier University
must dismiss the Orwellian complaint
against Lindsay Shepard apologize to her
and reaffirm its commitment to academic
freedom now of course they're not going
to of course they won't it's it's in
their DNA they're insane you can't tell
insane people to stop being insane the
petition isn't really for them it's for
us ourselves to show that we're not part
of the craziness we just won't be go to
save Lindsey calm to stand up to this
craziness and if Lindsey changes her
mind and will accept our help we will
hire a lawyer for her to go to save
Lindsey calm and we'll deliver the
petition to the University that's really
happening and you doubt that's the only
case of it that's just the only one
that's being recorded go to save Lindsey
calm
you
