you were at the big cop conference in
Paris two years later what's changed
what do you have they accomplished
anything at all or is this just a big
party that's an excellent question
because I mean like yeah two years later
they don't even know what they achieved
themselves I mean they don't even know
what the Kyoto is State or still living
and you know I mean when Trump was
elected you know they didn't even know I
mean what to do next and basically in
this situation the u.s. is anyway
sitting on the table I don't know I mean
I think they don't even know what to do
but in the last 10 years if you see what
they did it wasn't much easier instead
of just agreeing to pay some money to
developing countries which unnecessary
democratic or don't really know much
about rule of law and where the Western
world the developed world has to pay for
something the Western world I know has
to compensate for I mean they all said
of course on the premise that we the
West we caused the so-called man-made
global warming and anyway and it's all
about money in the end you know like
keeping the gravy train running that's
an excerpt from my weekly full-length
show the gun show on my show I take on
the issues of the day through my Alberta
conservative lens and I talked to the
real news makers the mainstream media
ignores to get access to my show in all
of our other premium content click the
link on the screen to subscribe today
you
