I met the UN climate change conference
in Bonn Germany and this year President
Donald Trump sent a solutions minded
delegation he sent somebody from the
liquefied natural gas industry someone
from coal and someone from nuclear and
that delegation was heavily protested
protesters interrupted the moderated
talk by someone named Barry Kay
Worthington from the United States
Energy Association now I'm not allowed
inside to show you but don't worry the
activists bragged about it so I did find
video
now as you know I'm not allowed in
because the UN said that I harassed a
Canadian delegate by asking that
Canadian delegate one simple question so
I wanted to know would those protesters
who harassed and interrupted the
American delegation be removed from the
conference or future conferences so I
reached out to the United Nations I
actually reached out to Nick Nuttall the
person who banned me from this year's
conference I sent him a polite buck her
email my email read did the protest get
the appropriate United Nations permit
would the chanting over the moderator
Barry Kay Worthington constitute
harassment and if the chanting and not
allowing a moderator who's part of an
official state delegation to speak is
harassment then were any protesters
removed from the conference because of
their participation in the protest if
not then why to my complete and utter
surprise Nick Nuttall actually emailed
me back with an explanation he said the
u.s. event was a scheduled side event
NGOs requested in advance that they be
allowed to hold a peaceful protest which
they did by singing at the opening of
the event then they left the room and
the US delegation got on with their side
event UN Security was there to ensure
the demonstration was peaceful which it
was peaceful demonstrations are
permitted if UN Security receives
notification in advance and everyone
left
unless courted by UN security so it's
okay to harass an official UN delegation
will actually even give you a permit for
your protest they'll let you occupy the
entire room so that nobody who is
actually interested in seeing the
presentation can get there you can carry
on for 12 full minutes and interrupt an
official state delegation but you can't
ask a question but that's just typical
of all the UN hypocrisy that I've
in here this week the UN claims that
they support free speech they'll even
give permits for it as long as they
agree with that speech for the rabble
dot media I'm Sheila Gunn read I'm
banned from the UN climate change
conference in Bonn Germany but I came
anyway and I'm here to show you all the
hypocrisy I found this week to see all
of my reports go to rebel un com
