I'm at the UN climate change conference
in Bonn Germany now I can't get into the
official conference because the UN
banned me but I can bring you a little
bit of news about what's going on inside
there the Trump administration
officially agreed to withdraw from the
Paris Accord but they can't really do
that in its entirety until 2020 so for
the next three years Trump certainly
isn't going to play ball with these
people in fact he's doing the opposite
he's trolling them a little bit he's
driving them a little bit crazier the
official American delegation sent by the
US administration included three energy
executives went from nuclear one from
coal and one from the liquefied natural
gas Donald Trump sent three people from
three industries to offer these people
at the UN climate change conference a
real dose of reality it's the first time
these people have ever been offered a
real solution with the liquefied natural
gas revolution and finally exports
leaving the u.s. coast for Asia that's
an opportunity to offset the higher
greenhouse gas emissions coal that the
developing world uses these people here
don't want to hear it in fact they
protested a panel discussion given by
the United States Energy Association
they shouted leave it in the ground over
the moderator a man named Barry Kay
Worthington and he's the head of the
United States Energy Association
now the people doing the chanting there
are fully accredited at the conference
they might be NGOs they could be
journalists actually I know for a fact
some of them are politicians here in
official capacities like governor jay
Inslee of Washington and Kate Brown of
Oregon they all showed up to participate
and make a scene at the very same time
as the United States's presentation
Canadian Environment Minister Catherine
McKenna held a passive-aggressive press
conference to say the American
delegation offering solutions was
completely wrong without her ever having
taken a moment to listen to what they
had to say and that's because this event
certainly isn't about real solutions and
it's not even about reality as you can
tell by the fake buildings behind me
it's a solution in search of a problem
the solution is give us money now they
need to draft the problem to make that
happen and they found a problem like
global warming that scary enough to get
us all on board with the UN Agenda and
no one else in the mainstream media is
calling them out on it to see the rest
of my coverage here from Bonn Germany go
to the rebel UN comm I'm here on the
ground at the UN climate change
conference in Bonn Germany I'm here to
tell you the other side of the story the
story the rest of the mainstream media
won't tell you to help cover our costs
and to see all of our coverage here go
to rebel un com
