now bond Germany is sort of boring for
Makenna last year Marrakesh Morocco that
was more exciting in the year before he
was Paris beautiful Paris McKenna just
couldn't help herself in that capital of
fashion she literally spent $6,000 on a
fashion photographer to capture her
looking her best
for photos you know she wants the little
people to look at her as a princess as
as a favor to her a favor to them excuse
me she wanted to look her best six grand
for photographers just don't call her
climate Barbie though you know it's not
just Catherine McKenna of course the
Canadian delegation literally has 161
people registered this year that's not
as many as a Paris but I mean come on
Bonn Germany nice people I'm sure but
it's no Paris France but still a free
trip is a free trip I won't read you all
161 names but let me read to you the
first seven on the list this is the
official list it tells a bit of a story
let me read them to you
the first one Stephane Dion ambassador
of Canada to Germany special envoy to
Europe and the EU Minister Global
Affairs Canada Embassy of Canada Berlin
so that's Stephane Dion the green shift
guy biggest losers here in Canadian
politics in recent memory say the voters
but look at him now cushy gig in Europe
his favorite place where he gets to
pontificate about global warming
full-time is he really a loser he
wouldn't think so next on the list miss
Katherine Mary McKenna Minister of
Environment and climate change and
climate change Canada Government of
Canada but but of course she's on there
but look at these next ones okay here's
the next one miss Jennifer McIntyre
ambassador of Canada for climate change
office of the ambassador for climate
change these very long titles here okay
so we've got an ambassador for climate
change but what about this next one
ready miss Katherine and Stuart chief
negotiator for climate change
Environment and climate change time okay
yeah so so our ambassador is different
than our chief negotiator okay what
about this guy mr. Elias a brisk
senior policy adviser negotiations
climate change alright
senior policy adviser is that different
from our climate change ambassador or a
climate change negotiator or the
minister itself oh and then there's this
one miss Katherine Abreu executive
director of Climate Action Network is is
that different or how about her miss
Lawrence ah who sue senior policy
analyst negotiations on climate changed
in someone with that same title just
appear there are a hundred and sixty one
of these very important people all on
your dime one hundred and sixty one the
United Kingdom a country nearly twice
our population has just forty five
people intending 90 Japan 109 here's
China largest polluter in the world
largest country in the world as
literally half the people were sending
eighty-two Russia has just 71 and the
thing is the whole meeting is a bit of a
crock that's an excerpt from my daily TV
show the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
