right behind me is a sculpture now they
call these things sculptural out cries
and they're spread out across the city
this one behind me is called unbearable
and this is the description that the
artist gives it's a real sized polar
bear in copper impaled six meters above
the ground on an oil pipeline in the
shape of the co2 graph the sculpture is
a visualization of the climate situation
so I guess I guess this sculpture behind
me indicates that polar bears are
endangered which they're not we know the
population is increasing it also is
trying to make us believe that polar
bears are being endangered by oil
pipelines which they're not and the
climate graph that they're using is
Michael Mann's hockey stick which has
been widely debunked but this is what's
going on here this is the mindset of the
people who come to these conferences who
promote these conferences who
participate in these conferences they
think that this stuff is real for the
rebel media I'm Sheila Gunn Reid there's
no other journalists here and there's no
other news outlet here that is going to
report on the lies that they see
actually the UN banned us because we
reported on the lies that we saw last
year if you can support our journalistic
mission and help donate to cover the
cost of our trip here go to rebel un com
