can I on mark Latham and today I'm
giving you the story on gender equality
that the mainstream media refuses to
publish now what is it about the
mainstream media given a choice between
their narrative about left feminism or
the facts they always choose the
narrative and we saw it again last week
in Australia when the ABS the Bureau
statistics published its 2017 survey of
work and education and you can see here
a very stunning result have a look at
the findings the survey showed that the
number of women holding post school was
as higher education qualifications
continued to grow at a much faster rate
than that of men women have expanded the
gap over men in attaining bachelor
degrees and above so University
qualifications and have caught up to me
and entertaining qualifications at
certificate three or above so this is
quite a stunning result but try this
exercise google the words abs men women
education qualifications and in terms of
the mainstream media you come up with
zip absolutely no reporting of this
stunning finding that the women have
strict ahead of the men in terms of
education qualifications why is it being
reported it doesn't fit the narrative of
gender inequality of women being
oppressed the women falling behind men
in a whole range of areas if it doesn't
fit the narrative they don't publish the
facts and you can't get any more factual
than the Australian Bureau of Statistics
it's amazing look at the figures here in
May 2017 35 % of women and just 28
percent of men had the bachelor degree
or higher and of course it was about
even in 2004 meanwhile 61 percent of
women and 62 percent of men so now to
equal had certificate 3 qualifications
so this is a stunning change and it just
makes the point in Australia and I'm
sure other countries that if women are
streaking ahead of men in terms of
education qualifications then the
natural progression of these
qualifications through the workforce
will give them a whole range of
jobs according to their choices the
vocations that they wish to pursue and
that's what's happening we don't need
quotas and affirmative action policies
and targets based on gender all this
identity politics be yes we just don't
need it allow the system to work in its
own natural way of women in Australia
each year this is the other statistic
women in Australia each year are getting
60% of the university degrees coming
through the tertiary system and just 40
percent well of course they'll go ahead
in the professions that they're choosing
and we know the behavioral scientists
tell us that men are different to women
in terms of their work preferences women
like working with people men much more
working with things or objects so it's
hardly surprising given this educational
advantage that women have in society
they've earned it on merit they've done
the study they've done the results
they've got the progression well with
Farrell in Australia now there are more
female lawyers than men more GP doctors
female than men well how hard is it to
get through a medical degree the women
are doing it for GP he's in greater
number than the men it's always been
that way or long doing that way for
teachers more women than men the
Australian public service now has many
more women than men in its workforce the
ABC the far-left Broadcasting
Corporation they've declared gender
equity in their organisation and the big
banks Westpac have now said that they've
got half women half men in there 6000
management positions so in the jobs that
women want to pursue they're going great
guns and good luck to them that's what
we want but truthfully if women don't
want to be police officers or in the
fire brigade or working in the Defence
Force then what do you do you put a gun
to their head and make them do these
jobs that's just crazy allow the system
to progress with our targets and quotas
that's the way it should be now of
course you've got the lefties out there
who don't accept this they don't report
it they don't accept it they don't know
the facts and figures take for instance
this goose he's one of the great bull
feeds of Australian political commentary
he's always getting it wrong Peter van
on Celyn Peter van on some we call him
Peter van oscillator because he's always
changing his position
and his latest assertion is to say that
after the same sex marriage vote in
Australia that they've got to move
forward with the gender equality program
he wants to move forward big big effort
and gender equality doesn't even realize
it's been achieved in the education
system and the vocations where women are
wanting important well-paid jobs for
themselves and this bull fed talks about
their it is ingrained cultural sexism
well then oscillate if we've got
ingrained cultural sexism in Australia
how the hell did we end up with more
female lawyers than men how to end up
with more GP doctors female than men I
mean there's now ingrained cultural
sexism all there is is man toddlers vent
like then oscilator sucking up to the
left feminists in defiance of the facts
so it's the same old story given a
choice between their leftist narrative
in the mainstream any of these idiots
like van oscillator and and looking at
the facts they always choose the
narrative he doesn't examine these facts
and the fact and the and the very fact
that the ABS hasn't these stunning
results reported in the mainstream media
says everything you need to know about
this debate you've heard it here on
rebel Australia mark Latham's Outsiders
we have given you the other side of the
story that the big media houses are
refused to publish I mark like them and
you have a good day and if you like that
video please share it with all your
families and friends and support in
particular our campaign against law fair
our fight for freedom of speech at Stan
with Latham com Stan with Latham com
you
