well Canadians get your passports ready
sign up for American mingle comm and get
ready to finally have a team win the
Stanley Cup
because the bloviating Marxist
documentarian Michael Moore may move to
Canada huh and if history tells us
anything he'll probably move there
complain about living in your wonderful
country while making millions of dollars
and then try to implement some
postmodern utopia that destroys every
country it touches but don't worry
Canadians like you know most of his
documentaries he's probably full of BS
I've been Davies this is pure Hollywood
well I must say that my heart hurt just
thinking about Canadians have to deal
with the obnoxious gasbag that is
Michael Moore you know the guy who
wished Karl Marx happy birthday on the
200th anniversary you may also remember
him as the guy who did the george w bush
hit piece fahrenheit in 9/11 that made
millions but after that having not given
back according to the needs and
according to the ability of others
Michael Moore had a slew of failures
including Michael Moore and Trump 'ln
that made a hundred and forty nine
thousand dollars well he's back at it
again to speak truth to power and ways
no one else will
by saying Trump is literally Hitler and
fantasizes about his daughter Ivanka in
this new high-stakes documentary
Fahrenheit 11 nine see what he did there
well like most unwanted sequels this
dock is awful and is expected to make
fifteen percent what the original
brought in but never one to own up to
anything Michael Moore made sure to let
us know how brave he is at the
documentaries premiere in Toronto he
said quote Trump absolutely hates
democracy he believes in the autocrat
the authoritarian unquote and he let it
be known this documentary is so shocking
so honest and Trump is so mean that his
very life may be at stake the peace went
on to say quote he has a plan to escape
potential persecution in the US he's
moving to Canada unquote sorry guys but
here's the good news for Canadians more
is only list of many celebrities who
have threatened to do this but never did
like these celebrities he is an
unbelievable sense of self-importance
that blinds him from reality hey watch
this
Trump is Hitler now my life is in danger
how original by your metric every single
mange
news outlets should be afraid for their
lives and fleeing to Canada to escape
this persecution guess what you're not
special you are not important
not even your leftist Trump hit peace
will be a success and Michael Moore if
you really are afraid of
authoritarianism maybe you should be
afraid of the person that you praise and
wish happy birthday because wherever his
ideology has played out in a country
that's starvation and authoritarianism
follow shortly so what does trump done
you get to keep more of your money
you're responsible for yourself and your
family and rolling back regulations
making the government smaller so they
have less control over your life does
that sound
authoritarian to you but to you my
Canadian friends if by some awful stroke
of luck Michael Moore falls in love with
the wonders that is Tim Hortons and
refuses to come back to the USA just do
what we did let him shout to the wind
about how brave and important he is why
you don't go see his movies and let them
bomb well then maybe he'll move to
Venezuela or North Korea where that
wonderful utopia can be found in
practice I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood and another fantastic news you
can now download the rebel and take me
with you wherever you go to get
exclusive content and the entire rebel
lineup
you
