the empty seat where Canada's Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau is missing from
the trans-pacific partnership meeting at
APEC in Vietnam all other leaders
waiting every other leader was there and
Trudeau just I don't know was that a
tantrum was he pouting was he busy
I don't know taking selfies somewhere
don't laugh
look at what the Vietnamese prairies
this is from a Vietnamese press there's
Trudeau out for a jog as Gerald butts on
the right Justin Trudeau on the left he
made sure that everyone saw him he's so
hunky and then he went to a coffee shop
check out the next photo this is from
Vietnam net just posing and chatting
he's so dreamy
he's meeting for coffee with strangers
but forgot to heat about the trade deal
well what do you make of this joining us
now via Skype is our friend Candice
Malcolm a senior columnist for the
Toronto Sun Candace you once worked in
Parliament for a cabinet minister it's
important that rules are followed
especially with complicated diplomatic
functions this is a there's nothing more
complicated and more ceremonious than a
multi-party trade negotiation very
complicated Canada may have had
objections but just taking the marbles
and running away in a pout that seems
deeply weird what I'm a my missing
something I think you're completely
correct I mean we don't really have a
lot of context at this moment it's
really the Australian press that's
breaking this story and breaking this
news but I mean this isn't a good sign
Ezra this is Justin Trudeau on the world
stage
just seemingly snubbing are closest some
of our closest allies we're talking
about Australia New Zealand and and you
know this is a potentially a huge
important trade deal for Canada I mean
if you're looking at Canada from a trade
perspective where a country that relies
very very heavily on trade and some
our other big trade deals are are being
called into question we don't know what
the future of NAFTA or our bilateral
relationship with the u.s. is going to
look like so you would think that
something like the trans-pacific
partnership with with Asian Pacific
countries would be a high priority but
you know Trudeau just didn't show up you
just snubbed Australia he didn't explain
why he apparently came to the table with
a bunch of last-minute demands that that
that that our allies weren't aware of
and then and then didn't show up it's
it's very undiplomatic I don't think
that Trudeau's putting a very good foot
forward or a good face forward for for
Canada right now and and and really the
way that this news is all unfolding it
doesn't look good at all for Justin
Trudeau that's an excerpt from my daily
TV show the Ezra Levant show normally
it's behind a paywall but I thought
you'd like this video so we put it on
youtube if you want to subscribe to
watch the daily show every day including
always two interviews today and I read
my hate mail just click on this screen
and become a Premium Member
you
