look at this it's a motion in Toronto
City Council proposed by an activist
city councilor named Nathan Shan
supported by Mike Layton another
councillor who just happens to be the
late Jack Layton's son it's called
supporting a Muslim youth fellowship
internship program in counselors offices
and that's exactly what it is the City
of Toronto and Toronto taxpayers now
have a special program that only hires
Muslim staff that are a scientist city
councilors to work in their office oh
and there's more these embedded Muslim
activists they aren't even chosen by the
city they're chosen by something called
Dawa net do you know what the word Dawa
means it's obviously not English it
means Muslim evangelism spreading the
word about Islam getting infidels like
you and me to convert to serve Allah
here let me quote from this motion this
is from a City of Toronto document the
program was originally designed to have
three components ongoing training and
mentorship throughout the four month
program a placement at a city councilors
office and a joint project that
increases the Democratic engagement of
the Muslim community with Toronto City
Council except there is no Christian
placement program whereby the local
bishop puts in his men and women into
City Hall there is no Jewish or Sikh or
Hindu version of this just a Muslim
version these embedded Islamic activists
aren't even chosen by the city let me
quote Muslim youth fellowship had
advertised screened and formally
recruited members of the fellowship
unquote what makes me laugh is that this
Muslim project led by Dawa net says it's
all about diversity here's how the urban
Alliance on race relations and that
dennah tea politics pressure group put
it in a letter to the city they said as
you know the Muslim community itself is
incredibly diverse well then there you
have it that's all the diversity you
needed a city like Toronto you don't
need a Christian group and a Jewish
group and a Sikh group and a Hindu group
and an eighth
this group there are already enough
different kinds of diverse Muslims
that's all the diversity we need and
dawan that will make sure they're the
right kind of Muslims don't you worry
your pretty little heads about it oh and
they say that even though it's a Muslim
project targeting Muslim kids recruited
and screened by Muslims to serve the
Muslim community they say non-muslims
can participate too yeah Kamiya skeptic
on that last one that's an excerpt from
my daily TV show the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
