last month a Muslim man named Faisal
Hussein walked down Toronto's Greektown
neighborhood down the popular Danforth
Avenue shooting everyone he met he
murdered two women an 18 year old named
Reese Fallon and a 10 year old girl
named Juliana Kouzes and he wounded a
dozen more now I just said faisal has
saying walk down the street shooting
everyone he met but that's not actually
accurate he ran into a man named Jaspal
Singh who's a Sikh man and Faisal
sustained the murderer told that Sikh
man who obviously has brown skin and
could appear to be Muslim I suppose
Faisal has saying told him and I quote
don't worry I'm not gonna shoot you and
he didn't shoot him in fact in fact
Hussein later said to him get out of the
way to protect him from his mayhem but
this same Faisal Hussein stood on top of
a woman and shot her four times how does
that make sense why would a mass shooter
go out of his way to warn and even
protect one random person and yet shoot
another random person four times I don't
think it's random I'll give you my
theory in a moment and I'll give you
more facts and these are rock-solid
facts the images I just showed you our
statements from police witnesses at the
scene that day the quotes I showed you
were from a legal document called an
information to obtain tell a warrant to
search in other words it's the facts
that the police put to a judge on July
24th of this year the day after the mass
shooting to get a search warrant for the
murderers house and belongings so this
was all the facts that the police had
within the first 24 hours or so that
were given to the judge and as you can
see right there on the document at 10:10
p.m. the warrant was in fact issued by a
judge now information contained in a
document like this it's called an IT Oh
in shorthand it's it's not tested in
court yet it's in the form of
allegations witness statements etc so
the facts here
yet being challenged by the other side
even though there is no other side here
as the murderer apparently killed
himself being a search warrant it is
done ex parte which means only the
police go to court the information is
kept confidential because the whole
point of a search warrant is to move
quickly and if possible with the element
of surprise because you don't want
people to move or hide or destroy things
that you want search so obviously the
killers family knew this search was
coming it wasn't a surprise they might
have in fact moved or destroyed things
but let me show you this document called
the information to obtain because it's
fascinating now that it's been made
public and the reason it's fascinating
is not only because it tells us more
details about that horrific shooting but
also because it proves that the official
alibi served up both by the family and
the media and the federal government
were all lies they were lying about the
shooter and they knew it but they lied
anyway
to you they lied to you now some of the
information in this information to
obtain a search warrant request it's
vague as it often is in the fog at the
moment like this several witnesses
reported seeing the shooter speaking
with another male or another male
running from the scene now that could be
people just confused in the shock and
mayhem at the moment the people running
away could have been innocent bystanders
fleeing the other male talking might
have been Jaspal Singh whose life was
spared we don't know you know how
difficult it is to be a witness in a
crisis three people can see the same car
accident and described it in three
different ways and each of them can
truly believe if they're telling the
honest truth so maybe there wasn't a
second shooter there but some witnesses
said there were
but here's another piece of information
that we learned from this same police I
tio
that I hadn't seen before at least not
widely published the murderer Faisal has
sane he had reportedly had a brother in
a coma a drug dealer brother who was
also associated with gun-running and we
knew about that but he also has another
brother I suppose who's not Nicola who
is his twin
the Danforth murderer has a twin brother
did you know that I'm not saying the
twin was involved I'm Howard hi now I'm
just saying that was kept a pretty close
secret till now what's that police say
several witnesses claimed to have seen
another man was it him I have no idea
the brother hasn't been charged
I'll tell you more about the family soon
now Faisal has seen the murderer lived
with his parents he was 20 Newton 9
years old bit of a loser but let me tell
you about his bedroom at his parents
home look at section 21 of this police
IT Oh again this is the document the
police took for the judge asking for a
search warrant they were in the home
with a police dog so that's what the
phrase the dog hid this means it means
the police dog found something so let me
quote from this police talking the dog
then hid on a sleigh bed that had two
drawers under it the dog indicated on
the left drawer when the drawer was
opened the following was located and
then you see it's all blacked out I
think that that's by the judge I presume
that's whose signature that is before
this I tio document was released to the
public but it was done using a black pen
and it didn't actually cover up the
words very well I'm not sure if you
could see it through your TV screen but
if you look very closely you can clearly
make out the words that were covered up
- ak-47 magazines fully loaded with
ammunition - nine-millimeter handgun
magazines fully loaded with ammunition a
variety of handgun and shotgun
ammunition
that's what's blacked out but I can
still read it and you can - what why was
that blacked out what White's that part
being kept secret this is what an ak-47
looks like by the way it's a cheap
submachine gun often associated with
terrorists or the third world because
it's of Russian manufacture there's some
Chinese now cops too so it's not hard to
get to get like a full machine gun but
it's not he said again that is a Russian
submachine gun
a 9-millimeter handgun this needs to get
either but an ak-47 how do you get one
of those and how do you keep all that
ak-47 ammo under your bed just in a
drawer and your your mum and dad never
find it really now I haven't lived at
home with my parents in a long time but
I think I know that mum's clean the
house and check things out
out of curiosity out of ownership be
nosey I don't know whatever but we're
told that all this ammo was a great
surprise to the parents yeah I'll get
back to that in a moment but look at
what's unredacted
they're a white powdery substance what
does that mean was it just sugar or
flour or cocaine or some sort of poison
and look at that underneath it an
Islamic headdress huh so that's what he
kept in his chest the secrets guns or at
least ammo for guns and an Islamic
headdress and that white powder I guess
those things to go together these days
don't they now in Section 28 of the I T
Oh police refer to apip check up in
check that sense for a police
information portal is basically a big
police database and they find that eight
years ago faisal sustained had three
reports with the toronto police calling
him an emotional disturbed person three
within two months they also say he
needed an ambulance for something and
that he drove with a suspended license
and then he was suspected of selling
drugs okay so this is interesting it
shows a criminal not a nice little boy
here's the media portrayed him he was
disturbed or at least they say he was
eight years ago who knows what that
means but look at this part this is
paragraph 30 of the eye tio section H
this is police interviewing his twin
brother he advised that in the past
Faisal has robbed a store with a gun
called the police to say he wanted to
kill himself and has been on
antidepressants now those four the three
very different things aren't they but
robbing a store with a gun that's not
just selling some weed
that's armed robbery that's the stuff
that can put you away in prison for a
decade let me read some more here's from
the very next line this is the twin
brother talking about the murderer he
started attending the mosque with his
father but did not seem that interested
in religion oh so he was going to mosque
next line Faisal was into guns when he
was younger but has no idea how he would
have obtained one yeah no idea sure kids
own
I hear twins never tell each other
anything and one more
about four years ago he remembers Faisal
visiting Pakistan with his father oh
really
you mean Pakistan the terrorists
supporting state wear or sama bin Laden
was found hiding out Pakistan the Muslim
ethnos state with nuclear weapons where
Omar Khadr trade yeah that Pakistan
where the terrorists like to use ak-47s
I'm sure it's nothing let's move down to
the dad who was also interviewed by cops
section 32 F of the police document says
his dad quote took Faisal to Islamabad
Pakistan about two to three years ago to
visit family Faisal was happy on the
trip and did not want to return because
people left him alone there oh really so
he didn't really much like Canada didn't
want to come back to Canada didn't like
people here in Canada elected better in
Pakistan next paragraph his dad forces
Faisal to attend er Islam mosque as he
does not go willingly I wonder if that's
true in the next line Faisal didn't
smile much lately and only came out of
his room to eat what we know that's not
true because he had a job maybe maybe
the dad means he only didn't come out of
his room when he was at home here's my
favorite line ready do you think this is
true the dad says he never saw any
evidence of guns in the apartment and
claims to have checked the room every
few yeah that's an odd way of putting it
isn't it for the dad especially here's a
story from July that talks about Faisal
Husseini and his family and guns ready
danforth gunman's pal accused in drugs
gun seizure a longtime friend of
Danforth Avenue shooter Faisal has sane
was released on bail after being accused
in the largest seizure of car fentanyl
in Canadian history along with 33
firearms and ammunition in his Pickering
rental property court transcripts state
33 year-old my son and sorry who grew up
in the same neighborhood as far as of
fadh a same the brother of Greektown
gunman faisal has saying was charged
last september with possessing 53
kilograms of car fentanyl an analogue of
fentanyl and
a hundred times stronger than the
painkiller and notoriously deadly Street
narcotic by the way car fentanyl is so
toxic it's not just a drug it can be a
terrorist weapon of mass destruction
it's like a kind of poison gas a
chemical weapon and 53 kilograms is
enough if it were say put into the
ventilation system of a building or a
stadium kill everyone inside and I'm
sure the dad knew nothing about that
guns and the white powdery substance and
the brother too they they both of them
had no idea people swear to Allah it's
true look what the mum said I'm guessing
the police used common sense and police
tactics and interviewed the mum and the
dad separately so they couldn't compare
notes paragraph 33 the eye tio says the
mum was unaware of why she was at the
police station the situation was
acclaimed to her and she was upset and
did not know why he did the shooting
really let me read more section F she
advised that she has never seen Faisal
with a gun he has no friends and has
never had a girlfriend I believe that
Faisal stays in his room for hours
listening to music on his cell phone and
goes for walks in the evening but she
does not know where he goes really never
seen with a guy named had no idea there
were guns in his room in her house even
after the family friend was arrested
with 33 guns never heard of it a brother
says Faisal robbed a bank
but the mum hadn't heard of that no no
just never heard it now and you know he
goes for walks for hours but she doesn't
know where scouts honor but look at
paragraph 33 section I the mom advised
the following about Faisal she advised
that he has never left Canada has never
left Canada
both the brother and her husband the
father said Pharsalus nein went with the
father to Pakistan
just said no no he's never left Canada
did she really forget her own husband
and her own son going to Pakistan just a
couple years ago did she really forget
that or was she trying to be clever and
realizing that something bad happened on
that trip and best not to tell the
police about it
not knowing what her other family
members might say and hoping they
wouldn't blab but here's some more from
section 33 of this i.t oh no drugs yeah
I'll mention that again in a moment
here's some more item 8 buzzes hey never
talked about guns and never seen him
angry never right
not even during that huge arrest never
seen him angry you've been his mother
for 29 years since he was an infant is
it really true that you have never seen
him angry you're not what's the word
you're not lying are you
now look at paragraph 34 the IT oh it
refers to a propaganda statement a PR
statement a press statement issued by
the family as you can see though it
wasn't signed it was written in perfect
English with a PR savvy and every
journalist in the media party ran with
it as if it were the absolute gospel
because it said what they all wanted to
hear as the police quoted it our son had
several mental health challenges
struggling with psychosis and depression
his entire life etc etc but that's not
actually true is it he had three
incidents in 2010 where the police said
he was disturbed but that's it for eight
years and you heard the mom she said he
wasn't on any drugs now who knows what
she meant but she said it but of course
we learned that that statement was not
actually written by the family and it
wasn't signed by the family so I suppose
it didn't pretend to be written by the
family it was all a lie
added by the media party was written in
fact by a Muslim political activist who
knew he had a job to do to D islamaphobe
the shooting to decriminalize the
shooters it sounds just at mental
illness as is the usual way to go when a
Muslim terrorist attack happens or
wasn't Islam it was mental illness
people he was such a nice kid or as see
TV actually put it at the time people
who knew him say he was unflinchingly
polite had a smile that could light up a
room and worked multiple jobs including
at a Loblaws grocery store to help take
care of his aging parents this seriously
wrote that about a mass murderer but
which was it was he depressed or did he
light up a room with a smile let me
speed up because I want to cover some
more from this police I tio document
look at section 35 and remember this is
what the police showed the judge now
this is where the police list what they
seized and what they wanted permission
from the judge to search this is what
the search warrant was for look at this
now there's a lot of blackouts here that
I can't read through them the ink but
look at what I can read all right count
with me a samsung s4 cell phone a black
cell phone with the words BL you on
front and back
a black Galaxy s4 samsung I guess that's
another one a silver Samsung phone
black BlackBerry phone what says that
five cellphones were up already
do you have five cellphones on your
Loblaws salary active right there in
your room d do you have even two cell
phones who has even two cell phones I
mean that criminal may be a drug dealer
maybe someone trying to hide their
tracks someone trying to evade being
traced five cell phones and look at
paragraph 36 there's more stuff black
IBM ThinkPad white iPads silver iPad
black IBM ThinkPad laptop
just how many computers and smartphones
confront person use I I think that's
nine of them nine smartphones and
computers for someone who works at
Loblaws making what 15 bucks an hour you
got nine smartphones and laptops Oh an
ak-47 ham oh and a trip to Pakistan that
the mom denies and a Muslim headdress
what does that mean by the by the way is
it just a kaffir or did it have Isis
imagery on it but we don't know now the
last thing I'm going to mention is on
page 20 of the eye tio called grounds to
believe the item saw will afford
evidence to the offense so to be clear
that had there had already been
interrogations there had already been a
search this was to get the court's
permission to unlock these locked
smartphones and computers to see what
was on them emails communications things
like that where five phones four
computers I'm curious aren't you and the
cops list the obvious reasons why they
want that authority from the judge but
the top of page 21 is all blacked out
and I can't read through this one do you
think just maybe just maybe it referred
to Isis I bet it does because Isis did
in fact take credit for this attack Isis
isn't promiscuous that way if you take
credit for everything in anything
no one believes you anymore I don't
trust Isis of course I hate them of
course but when they say they take
credit there is often evidence for that
for example Michael is a half bebo
that's the terrorist who murdered
corporal Nathan Cirillo
and attacked our Parliament before he
went on his spree well he recorded into
his cell phone as you can see here a
statement where he said he was doing
this as inspired by the Islamic state
they hasn't positively direct him or
planted they inspired him and gave him
advice probably online and he gave them
a shout-out on his phone is that what
happened here
is that on one of his cellphones maybe I
have no idea but what I do know is that
the official story we were told here was
a pack of lies
I think Faisal has seen was a loser I
believe that part I believe that he had
no girlfriend I believe he's a loser
living at home with his parents but what
evidence is there of massive psychosis
and extreme mental illness as per the
spin-doctors lies of the media all
retail there is none it's a lie but we
know his brother was a gangster at least
one of them and if there are two
brothers we know that his twin brother
claimed that Faisal Zane was a gangster
- who used a gun to rob a store his
father took him to his Pakistan and his
mother is lying about that the cops
found ak-47 ammunition a 9-millimeter
handgun ammunition in his room and the
courts tried to black that out but we
saw now why would they like that out
what's that got to do with a secret I
mean murderers dad well what else are
they blacking out
we know the media spin was a lie we know
that Ralph Goodale and Bill Blair
Trudeau's cabinet ministers immediately
swooped in to say there was no terrorist
connection well how could they have said
so so quickly did they even know about
the Pakistan trip did they know about
the ak-47 ammunition did they know about
the Muslim headdress did they know about
the white powder did they know about the
armed robbery what else did they know
what else do they know that they're not
telling us why were they involved by the
way at all if this was just a mental
health thing
this mass shooting was a terrible
tragedy for the two murder victims and
for the dozen wounded victims and for
the peace and security of the city and
the country but what we're also learning
whether it's this attack or the murder
of Marissa Shen in Burnaby allegedly by
one of Trudeau's Syrians or whenever
there's an attack preceded by the shout
Allah Akbar
what we know is an immediately our news
media stops being reporters and starts
being anti reporters unreported spin
doctors down players distractors you
can't trust the media because they're
not about uncovering the truth so back
to Jess Paul Singh remember him that's
the brown man a Sikh man who could have
been mistaken for a Muslim he told
police that the murderer walked up to
him and said he wouldn't kill him
he said the murderer told him later get
out of the way but that same murderer
shot one woman I presume a white woman
four times Bam Bam Bam Bam why did the
Muslim murderers spare a brown man was
it because he thought he was a fellow
Muslim why did he drive all the way from
his neighborhood in thorn Cliff Park to
the Greek Christian neighborhood of the
Danforth white don't expect any further
inquiries into that by anyone this
police I tio document has more truth
than we have been told before but I am
completely sure that this will be spun
in favor of the murderer by the
mainstream press if you want to review
the entire document for yourself you can
we've posted it on our website under
this video and I can promise you that no
matter what names the media party call
us we're going to continue to tell you
the truth of the Danforth mass shootings
because that's our job
even if the rest of the media has
forgotten theirs that's an excerpt from
my daily show the Ezra lavance show
weekdays at 8:00 p.m. Eastern every day
I do a monologue interview a guest and
read my fan mail and my hate mail to
subscribe go to the rebel da media slash
shows
you
