someone walked by and threw a coffee at
you guys take a look
so we so that we saw the coffee and we
saw the person turning around now I
didn't see the face that looked like a
hid jab was that a woman in the head
shout I can't even tell if as a woman
right or a Muslim woman or a Syrian
woman let's play it one more time and
let's take a look so you can see the
coffee being thrown and then the person
turning away and walking away and all
the media saw it I saw in a different
version of this you can see a CBC logo
on a microphone who was that person
right I have no idea you see the make
eye contact I made eye contact in a very
brief I would say literally a second in
a bit and the what what I was most taken
back by was not just the drink being
thrown at me but the hatred in their in
their eyes what's that a woman I believe
it was but it was a very unattractive
woman if I could be so boring this was
she wearing it was it a hijab was that
an ethnic scarf or like I I don't know
and I don't want to guess it was so
quick it was no play if there were if
there was a Syrian vigil there and I saw
other Syrian women with the hijab did
you recognize this so what do you think
it was a woman wearing a jab
was it a Syrian person maybe it it could
be it was definitely someone of dark
complexion but I I do not know nor could
I testify that that would be a Syrian
refugee that lived it seemed to me the
person lived in the neighborhood because
they sauntered through oh the fact that
no one did anything and I'll tell you
what else is very interesting Ezra is
that there's no audio I know that this
was released by Omni I think to our best
understanding why did they release it
with no with no audio why has cbc not
released it to my knowledge to this
moment they're all there CBC CTV global
they were all there yes they were all
the outside and that in a different clip
than that you can see the CBC logo on a
microphone yeah
so they all saw it yes and they didn't
stop they didn't break a beat they
didn't chase this person down they
didn't say who were you they didn't
follow her if the roles were reversed if
God forbid someone had thrown a hot
coffee on a Muslim woman a handjob and
just continued to stroll you know that
all the journalists would have
immediately ran who's the white
supremacist this would have been the top
of the news the only media that reported
this much later was global after the
police said that we're investigating
right well good for global they were all
there they knew it had happened you know
it took me five minutes to get all of
the gunk off my face and down my jacket
I
I've been asked did that person say
something I believe that they did say
something but it was so fast
esra and you can see in the clip that
I'm kind of talking yeah the focus on
other things and it was in hindsight
that I thought I think they did say
something and I would love to know what
that is
yeah global or Omni and CBC know what
that is because they have the audio I
maybe you know what that's they're not
reporting the story they're anti
reporting they're Brown reporting
they're dis reporting they're filtering
they're protecting their their tailoring
which is exactly what they were doing
when they were saying all these Chinese
Canadians are so unexpectedly against
Trudeau Oh mr. Chinese Canadian your
white supremacy of course they're
telling of course they're lying that's
an excerpt from my daily show the Ezra
Levant show weekdays at 8:00 p.m.
Eastern every day I do a monologue
interview a guest and read my fan mail
and my hate mail to subscribe go to the
rebel da media slash shows
you
