- Albert Einstein himself who was a very
strong critic of religion also spoke
about the importance of religion as he
once wrote quote science can only
ascertain what is but not what should be
but no Julie Payette says you're
laughable you're a dinosaur if you
actually think we're here for a reason
that we're anything more than a clump of
molecules no more significant morally
than a rock or an asteroid yeah thanks
amateur philosopher now how about doing
your job and representing all Canadians
modestly and humbly and taking your
instructions and your role model from
your boss the Queen herself instead of
from Justin Trudeau Julie Payette went
on to mock people who follow horoscopes
and people who fall for fake medical
quackery which is weird
she was acquainting belief in God with
belief in superstitions with medical
hoaxes liberals by the way say they're
the party of science but if you ask them
they'll tell you there are 53 genders
but Julie Pat's mockery of Christians
and the superstitions she lumps in with
Christians which is a range it says it's
weird because she herself has talked
about a li but aliens who she is talking
to the University of Toronto newspaper a
while back talking about aliens
extraterrestrials as they call it she
was asked what are your thoughts on SETI
the search for extraterrestrial
intelligence and she answered what are
the chances that somewhere out there
there are other forms of life probably
good and it's very presumptuous to think
that we are alone that we are it okay
got it so so if you believe that God
created the universe you're a kook -
Julie Payette but if you believe in
aliens in et in extraterrestrials you're
a liberal scientists that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levant
show normally it's behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube if you want to
subscribe to watch the daily show every
day including always two interviews
today and I read my hate mail just click
on this screen and become a Premium
Member
you
