hey guys this is Kristin T and here are
three stories that you probably didn't
see in the mainstream media this week if
you support President Trump how likely
are you to be vocal about your views if
you're like many Americans keep quiet a
new poll shows that 4 in 10 voters
support President Trump but stay quiet
about it
supporters may even be hesitant to tell
pollsters about their views so in
reality Trump's support is probably a
lot stronger than polls suggest it is do
you remember election night last
November the mainstream media was
convinced that Hillary Clinton had it in
the bag when it was finally announced
that Trump would be our next president
the nation's leading pundits analysts
and strategists were shocked that's
because they have been relying on polls
including exit polls that showed Hillary
Clinton with a strong and comfortable
win you know I'll never forget the
Washington Post's main headline a few
weeks before the election it said Donald
Trump's chances of winning approach 0
how wrong they were all of this
reinforces the idea of a silent majority
the left in the media has such a
seething hatred for Donald Trump that
even expressing mild support for the
president puts you at risk of being
called a bigot or a racist the left
continues to vilify Trump so it's pretty
hard to gauge just how strong his
support is but one thing is for certain
the media and those on the Left would be
stupid to underestimate the silent
majority they did it once and they'll be
in for another rude awakening if they do
it again in 2020 the Disney Channel is a
popular network for young kids and it
just announced that it will be featuring
its first ever gay storyline in a
children's show the second season
premiere of Andy Mac will feature one of
the show's
characters a young male beginning to
realize that he has feelings for another
male classmate the 13 year old struggles
with this and how to share the
revelation with his new girlfriend at
the end of the episode he accepts
himself as a gay individual and then
he's featured that way in subsequent
episodes now Disney says that the
plotline is supposed to serve as a
positive role model for both kids and
parents the company added that it always
provides stories that reflect tolerance
and acceptance but here's a reality
check for Disney the average viewer of
that network and the core demographic
for this particular show are aged six to
fourteen to remember what it was like
being a six year old kids at that age
are busy eating peanut butter and jelly
sandwiches and playing outside with
their friends they're not concerned with
issues like sexual orientation why can't
the lefties in charge of this network
just let kids be kids progressive
executives have allowed their obsession
with sexual identity to seep into
Disney's programming this could cause
confusion for some young viewers and
here's another question when did it
become Disney's job to play the role of
parents shouldn't it be up to parents
how and when to introduce their children
to mature topics like sexuality not
surprisingly activist groups like GLAAD
are thrilled with Disney's decision but
it's not yet clear how most parents feel
about it or whether there will actually
be a positive rather than a negative
impact on the kids viewing the show only
time will tell a terrifying new study
shows that nearly half of Millennials
prefer socialism to capitalism and it
seems that many of these young people
don't know anything about the economic
system they claim to support but that
it's 16 percent of Millennials can
accurately define what socialism
is yet many young people gladly voted
for Bernie Sanders who would have put
this country into an economic black hole
with socialist policies this ignorance
among Millennials is disturbing but is
it surprising hell no these clueless
young people love to busy themselves
protesting social issues like
transgender bathrooms abortion and
Confederate statues they love to riot
and burn down buildings every time a
conservative speaker comes to town but
they remain clueless when it comes to
the economy many of them have no idea
that this country is twenty trillion
dollars in debt meanwhile entitlement
spending continues to balloon and 43
million Americans are on food stamps
many Millennials don't know anything
about the economy because a lot of
public schools don't even teach basic
economic courses and that's the way the
Democrats want to keep it they would
love to see their constituency remain
clueless so they can continue to spend
our money like drunken sailors meanwhile
they tell every young person that they
deserve something for free free college
free health care free contraception
sounds great but it's not reality
millenials blissful ignorance is
dangerous it's time for young people to
pull their heads out of the sand and get
a grip about what's going on in this
country because transgender bathrooms
and abortion won't mean a damn thing if
this country goes into an economic
depression I'm Kristin tape and this is
the buzz
