the US Muslim population is expected to
double by the year 2050 and when I tell
you the views of Muslims around the
world on things like suicide bombing and
Sharia law you're gonna understand why
Americans should be very concerned new
data suggests that the u.s. Muslim
population is going to grow from 1%
today
Muslims are 1 percent of the u.s.
population today the 2.1 percent by the
year 2050 only 33 years that's some
pretty rapid growth populations gonna
rise in actual numbers from 3.3 5
million today to about 7 million in 2050
and that is incredibly incredibly
dangerous now we know that the attacker
Saifu low sigh pop in the most deadly
terror attack and the deadliest terror
attack in New York City since 9/11
carried out the other day was a migrant
from Uzbekistan was a radical Muslim
from Uzbekistan who didn't radicalize
here I hate that term II didn't
radicalize here he weaponized here he
decided to kill here because we let him
in on something called the diversity
visa program which in a nutshell is just
a visa program that lets more people
into the United States from countries
that the Liberals the progressives the
institutional progresses in the State
Department feel are underrepresented in
the u.s. population and these programs
are enabled by far left it's like Chuck
Schumer and stake Republicans like Jeff
Flake Chuck Schumer back in 2006 said to
the diversity program that he saw he
witnessed its benefits while riding his
bike around New York City but even more
troubling under two weeks ago under two
weeks before this deadly attack in New
York City New York congresswoman Yvette
Clarke whose district is in New York
City tweeted the diversity Visa Lottery
is now open call my office if you need
more information or if you'd like to see
if you're eligible to apply
now this is really interesting because
Donald Trump has been hitting the
diversity visa program pretty hard he
tweeted the terrorists came into our
country through is called the diversity
visa lottery program a Chuck Schumer
beauty I want it merit-based and
yesterday yesterday Jeff Flake horrible
Jeff Flake the fake Republican the guy
who caucuses with Democrats the guy
who's never met an illegal immigrant he
didn't love an illegal alien he didn't
love tried to slam the president he said
quote actually tweeted actually quote
the gang of eight including Senator
Schumer did away with diversity with the
diversity visa program as part of
broader reforms I know I was there
now remember only two weeks prior
congresswoman Yvette Clarke said the
diversity Visa Lottery is now open in
fact the diversity Visa Lottery is open
as we sit here it's open until November
22nd now we're letting these people in
in droves and that same data tells us
that of the 3.35 Muslims currently in
the u.s. a majority of them are adults
two point two million two point zero
five million are adults and another
majority of them 58 percent are migrants
they weren't born here these people were
not born here we let them in the gate
now let's talk about why that is so
incredibly dangerous Muslims are
predicted to be the fastest growing
religious group I mean their growth is
is just astronomical and massive we
talked about it doubling in the US over
the next thirty three years but let's
talk about their ideology Muslims want
Sharia law I'm gonna give you some
terrifying percentages this is recent
data from the Pew Research Center in
Malaysia eighty-six percent of Muslims
wants Sharia law in Thailand seventy
seven percent in Indonesia seventy two
percent of Muslims wants Sharia law in
Afghanistan ninety nine percent in
Pakistan eighty four percent we have
pretty much unrestricted immigration
from Pakistan 84 percent of Pakistanis
want Sharia law and they probably wanted
here in the u.s. in Bangladesh eighty
two percent of Muslims want Sharia law
and I rocked 91 percent Palestinians 89
percent Morocco eighty three percent of
Muslims in Morocco want
Sharia law Egypt 74% Niger Africa 86%
Nigerian 91% and the list goes on and
these all the people the diversity all
the countries the diversity visa program
is is trying to entice the residents of
to come into the United States this is
terrifying but even worse even worse
let's talk about violence in the name of
jihad most notably suicide bombing okay
u.s. Muslims
19% of us Muslims believe that violence
up to an including suicide bombing is
justified is it justified means of jihad
is a jut is justified in the name of
Islam let's do some numbers today as we
sit here with three point three five
million Muslims in the u.s. that means
six hundred and thirty six thousand five
hundred Muslims in the US believe that
violence up to an including suicide
bombing is justified in the name of
Islam and when that Muslim population in
the u.s. doubles in 2050 that will mean
that nearly 1.4 million Muslims inside
the United States invited in brought in
by progressive ideology 1.4 million
Muslims inside the United States will
believe that violence in the name of
Islam up to suicide bombing is
justifiable our mentality right now is
suicidal we have got to scrap this
political correctness we've got to seal
our borders and extreme vetting isn't
enough we do need bans on people coming
into this country we need to thoroughly
thoroughly understand why you want to be
here and if you don't have a good reason
and you cannot contribute to our society
in a very productive way I don't mean
working the counter at the supermarket I
mean if you're not a physician with some
earth-shattering technique that saves
live lives we need to think very hard
and very long about whether or not we
want to let you into this country is we
cannot afford to have 1.4 million
Muslims in the United States over the
next 33 years that believe killing and
blowing themselves up taking dozens
hundreds maybe thousands of Americans
with them and
of Islam is acceptable we simply cannot
accept this if you like this content and
you find it as important as I do please
subscribe to our premium service at www
dot the rebel dot media forward slash
shows you've already subscribed thank
you very much
thanks for watching I'll see you
tomorrow
you
