a student body president in Ireland has
just been impeached because she's
pro-life and she didn't want to break
Irish law Katie asked off never hid her
pro-life proclivities when she ran to be
the students union president at the
University College of Dublin but she
also said she would maintain the
pro-choice mandate of the Students Union
so she was elected but impeachment
proceedings against a scoff began when
it was brought to her attention that
unsolicited material containing contact
details of abortion providers and
morning-after pill retailers all based
out of the country of Ireland were
published in a student's magazine
distributed to all students every single
year now providing information on
abortion overseas is strictly regulated
in Ireland and asked off was informed by
a staff member that the information
included in the students magazine was
potentially illegal so ask off did what
she thought was right she's sought legal
advice and according to her account she
acted on the legal recommendations to
remove abortion information from the
students magazine but angry pro-choice
activists accused her of censoring their
message and began a campaign to impeach
her and this week she was she was
stripped of her democratically elected
position because she simply followed the
law a scoff said I was unwilling to
commit a criminal offence risking
conviction and fines for myself and
anyone else involved in the distribution
whether you agree with my decision or
not I asked you please place yourself in
my shoes I promised to respect a
pro-choice mandate but I never promised
to break the law now this is just
another battle we've lost in the left
war on pro-life women remember how
pro-life women's groups were blocked
from the Women's March last year by
pro-choice women and their male allies
who insist on intellectual homogeny from
all women the pro-life women were
treated as less invalid and less
important by the whole
I am woman hear me roar crowd because
they simply wanted to defend the lives
of the unborn including unborn girls and
how can we forget how a conservative
Canadian parliamentarian an accomplished
millennial woman in her own right was
denied her promotion because she might
just might hold the wrong views on
abortion MP Rachel harder was blocked
from being elected to the chair of the
status of women committee simply because
she's suspected of holding pro-life
views there are so many other stories
about this war on pro-life women that
you may not know about
there was a fight that edmonton pro-life
activist Amber Lee Nichol waged at the
University of Alberta for free speech
her small pro-life group was targeted by
vandals repeatedly and the Vandals just
walked away scot-free and because of the
past vandalism and threats against her
group Amber Lee faced thousands of
dollars in security fees slapped on her
by the University when she tried to hold
an event amberleigh's group was punished
with what amounted to punitive fines
because pro-choice activists couldn't
behave themselves an Amber Lee story
isn't at all unique on university
campuses all across North America
pro-life women are attacked by
pro-choicers their free speech denied by
people claiming to defend women's rights
these pro-life activists here were
attacked at the University of California
at Davis and these pro-lifers were even
firebombed during a peaceful
demonstration and if you haven't heard
about these ongoing attacks you can
blame the media for ignoring them in
refusing to give this violence against
free speech the coverage that it
deserves women are being stripped of
their accomplishments and stripped of
their agency because they're simply
pro-life they can be smart ethical and
otherwise empowered feminists who smash
actual glass ceilings getting elected to
office on merit and hard work but if
these women think life begins sometime
just sometime before birth
they're dehumanized the same way babies
are by women on the
left for the rebel dot media I'm Sheila
Gunn read we've had it with Finance
Minister Bill Morneau and his
questionable ethics go to fire more
know.com to sign our petition today
you
