where are we
I'm in Manchester I'm in Manchester
why am I on Manchester I'm in Manchester
has to come see to jail she chose to
write and well we'll go into that but
I'm also here because I have a book
launch here on Friday night with a
thousand people come in and guess what
the police are doing their usual tactics
they visited two venues yesterday the
one in Manchester the one in Newcastle
now they've managed to get the one in
Newcastle to pull the plug on my book no
one's from Saturday they're trying to
get the one in Manchester to pull the
plug on my blog run show if they were
successful this is what I'm gonna have
the meeting today with the police to
explain this if they're successful
there's a thousand people coming to
Manchester this Friday 9:00 I'm still
gonna meet all of them and if they're
successful in cancer in the venue if
they were I don't think they will be if
they were everyone would be refunded
their money and I'll personally meet
everyone and give them a free copy of my
book a signed free copy in my book it
would just be in a Manchester City
Centre I'm staying in the Britannia
hotel which in its day would have been a
great hotel but does a shit breakfast
Shh
terrible breakfast anyway let's have a
butcher's at the paper shall we
I didn't get the papers Oliver look
papers
double trouble there double blow now
Barry Sherman has claimed bitter better
educated people voted to remain better
educated people the middle class want
low wages okay they benefit from
immigration working-class people are
affected by immigration it affects our
standard of living it affects the
criminality where we live it affects
everything to do of our life so of
course all these people in these leafy
suburbs and villages and of course they
don't care it doesn't affect them it
affects us so mr. Sherman you're a prick
Trump strand ban blocked so trip Donald
Trump tried to ban transgenders from
joining the military they're not allowed
him so there will be chicks with dicks
running around on the front line
poppycock stars can wear the tributes if
the Germans agree this every time I see
this in 2000 and can't remember 1112
when exactly the same arguments and what
happened is funny story
FIFA I'm gonna tell you the story FIFA
didn't allow England players to wear the
poppy now in response to that we fought
where's FIFA's head cause where's this
set flower where where's where's he
based Switzerland Zurich
so we then made this great idea of let's
go to Switzerland and let's protest at
FIFA so I've gone with keV and we've
gone with two other friends and I've
gone out the night before this what's
happened I've gone out the night before
I'm out on the out drinking not before
I've turned straight up at the airport
and I'm Kevlar are you a nightmare
lasted an hour now we get on the plane
and then I sit down go
oh no he's what what I forgot the
banners keV I forgot the banners yeah
okay so what's the point in us coming in
and there's no protest without a banner
without people to see visually what we
were about what's the point in coming in
so I said we're worried about when we
got there so we got to Switzerland we
stayed in this lovely hotel and when you
go buy a drink they give you a little
white room card not the one I've got
here but when you when you go by when
you go buy a drink in the hotel you hand
the card in you don't pay any money
you just keep buying drinks now Kevin
that went out into the town I stayed of
all these Americans in the bar I'll had
a great night from what I remember a
great one I've come down in the morning
never I was like Tommy Tommy you know
all these people were waving at me
shouting at me and Kevin out a lot those
who I said I had a good idea last night
I've gone with a card I've said to get a
breakfast they've took the card and I've
said sorry so you've done your limit on
the cart I said what's the limit it's a
thousand-euro sir I've done a thousand
pounds though rather if I shout at my
name I've been a type bought this whole
hotel drink last night
well I've gone back up to the stairs
I've walked in cave still laying in
there in a bed and I said keV I've done
a grand on this yeah and Kev's laying
there laughing his head off
absolutely the Arthur said I said keV
this hotel is booked on your bank card
yeah
I haven't got a grant uh-huh this is
refix on your card so I've been laughs
avoid often cry by eyes that I said we
need you get there we need to gave it
and I've got downstairs I spoke to the
concierge you just tell us a story Jack
and Oy
I've gone downstairs and I spoke to the
concierge and said to the concierge can
you do me a favor
and I explained we need these banners we
need banners made yeah they've spent an
hour on the phone ringing around getting
all these banners we've then ordered us
a taxi so then that cave gone Kev's left
by the stories elected from hotel I've
then left and I've gone out and found
him and when I found him we've got a
taxi and a taxi 250 trying 250-pound the
tax was no turn fifth man we're driving
we end up in Germany the company that
had sent us to get these banners in
Germany so we get these banners made in
Germany we come back over the border
we've got this little Pakistani taxi
driver really nice fella he's driving us
and I say FIFA headquarters take us to
FIFA we've just gone to Germany so now
he's taking us to FIFA we pull up
outside FIFA's headquarters 280 million
pounds state-of-the-art big massive
building so kept prick press the plaques
rod presses of the security buzzer and
then he says who are you I said we're
from the British FA so when security say
who is it he goes I have British FA this
is a taxi driver so the gates open we're
in we're in here so we get in and then
that's it then I say to the taxi driver
I said want me since you see that roof
they said yes I said I'll be on that in
a minute
I'll start laughing I get out the car
and I got out the car and me and Kev get
in the car my other two friends stay in
the car they stay sitting in a taxi
watching we then getting will include
this video in this with Fourier we then
get in we wait by the back doors of the
building for someone to open the door of
a card again like this they've opened
the door we scurry in we go up the
stairs we get to the top floor of FIFA's
head cause and we walk in the offices
and all the people are just sitting
there then walk in the office and I'm
looking for Windows and I find this with
her and I open this window in front of
everyone over there though just step out
the windows his little feet little
barrier thing and there's a ladder so
climb up the ladder bomb we're on the
top of FIFA's roof and we unveil this
big banner saying how dare you
disrespect our war dead
but when this is going on when we're on
the roof my mate Davey callin who's
sitting down at the bottom he's in the
taxi and the taxi drivers hurdle dis
bangin he's looked up and seen us on the
roof or the roof or the fee because and
his little Pakistani actually Sadat oh
my god oh my god it's there with my
babies in the car we've stayed up there
we've then got we've been harassed it
spent three days in a in a Swiss prison
but hilarious
absolutely hellos when we were Nick
after free day they separated us both
when we got into the jail so they
separated us both from my point of view
I don't care about ground jail for that
you were disrespecting our wards
you weren't allowing us to wear the
puppy saying it's a political symbol no
it's not so we I wasn't bothered I was
happy to do that happy for what I've
done
proud of what I've done after three days
that we get I haven't seen keV the whole
time I'm in there I'm in with them
someone from Libya there's dry rot not
one Swiss person not one person from
Switzerland in the jail that's their
prisons no Swiss people all foreigners
all foreigners and then on the third day
of getting out I'll get walk out and
sell out and I'll get me United were
kids we go to court I'll get reunited to
keV and I'm laughing my head off I said
how that was brilliant when it came out
salute brilliant and he was a brilliant
are you fucking mad he said I haven't
slept in three days I've been sharing a
room with an error train and a Somalian
I've been I've been laying there with
one eye open the whole night waiting
from deducing and I was like I've had a
great time a house with some Libyan guy
so he spoke broken English he was sound
and that just our total experiences were
so different but it was a great trip
we've got 1,400 euro fine and and when
I'm but this time since then and you
know when we was up on the roof setbacks
come out they were all nowt looking up
us and the police have come and when the
police have come I said we're not
getting off this roof until you tell us
England can wear the puppy yeah so we
stayed up there then they've come back
up and said England come where the poppy
look at your news look at your news and
they'd sent a letter they've made a
public statement saying that due to
interference by the royal family England
can now wear the poppy so they didn't
give us any credit yeah but then they've
come up and we're on our phones looking
for the news article weaving in home
saying up coming where the property and
they said yeah you can sirs last we
didn't plan any of it my feet were
freezing I'd know I thin socks on it
would be too cold that was a great crack
it's brilliant anyway that's a long
story for the paper on it that's for
page five Terrell adds fourteen school
children now place the quiz and twenty
fourteen year old boy suspected of
plotting a terror attack on a school yep
officers detain the pair in raids on
houses two miles apart they follow
reports of threats to the safety of
staff and pupils at the secondary school
in North Yorkshire nor Fallon the local
said police had told them they were
looking at street view grabs on
computers seized during their searches
both boys were arrested apartment
ongoing police led investigation on
suspicion of preparing an act of
terrorism these two school kids 14 years
old
we're going to commit terrorism at
school this is what this is where we're
at now 14 years old and of course their
mum and dad would say oh they were
lovely lovely lovely children this is
all yeah that jihadi plotting a lone
wolf tear this is another terrorist
attack this is just the UK of course a
jihadi plotting a lone wolf terror
attack got bomb-making advice from a
pharmacist he met on single Muslim calm
so they swapped his lamech state
execution videos got that really really
rivals Tim doesn't it puts tinder the
show after they looked up she advertised
her partner who fears Allah before
anything helps who the fuck is scared of
some imaginary God who skipper who get
scared of that shit things weirdos are
scared fear Allah
yeah terrified me and I want someone who
can teach me new things I'll teach you
some new things love Muhammad of course
Muhammad
I've Darby and some slag from Willesden
north London deny preparing acts of
terrorism so they've gone on they've met
each other are on the equivalent the
Muslim equivalent of tinder and rather
than decide to meet in a hotel and get
it on they've decided to what should we
blow up how Islamic of them
what days it's a Monday looting loss
free no three no man named Coventry
dotted with top and leave the word top
leave by anyway I thank you for taking
the time to read one newspaper we're
only done the Daily Star we only needed
to do and there's so much to talk about
so on that note if you are watching this
on youtube you watch me a day late you
can get there de lille by subscribing to
my show at on the roads and show Tommy
Robinson comm /watch other than that I'm
gonna go meet with the police and I can
see some chaos developing over the next
three days with regards to my book
launch we may well have a thousand
people were outside outdoors in
Manchester City Center this Friday night
if we do come and join us you'll all get
free books and the place will realize
the mistake they've made thank you very
much if you haven't already subscribed
for the tongs and so please subscribe
you can do so at Tom Robinson comm
/watch
you
