Parks Canada canceled a big-budget
Hollywood movie earlier this year
because the villain in the movie was
Aboriginal but now we've got the full
story on Catherine McKenna's parks
ministry meddling in it all hard powder
is a big-budget Hollywood action movie
that was going to be filmed in Banff in
Jasper Alberta the movie stars Liam
Neeson as a snow plow driver who vows
revenge after his son is murdered by a
drug cartel sounds like a pretty
formulaic but fun Liam Neeson movie but
just eight days before production was
going to start Parks Canada refused to
grant the production team a permit to
film within the National Park
why because one of the drug cartels
depicted in the movie as part of a gang
war is an Aboriginal mafia group and the
leader of this fictional Aboriginal
mafia group is played by a Calgary matey
actor named Tom Jackson that was the
problem
Parks Canada the government objected to
the depiction of indigenous people in
the movie because one of the groups of
villains was indigenous apparently the
other villains were just fine the way
they were whatever race they are but you
know who didn't have a problem with the
storyline that matey actor named Tom
Jackson think about that for a second
Tom Jackson is a star in his own right
TV films he's even a musician and he's a
bit of an Aboriginal rights activist if
there was a problem with the storyline I
think Tom Jackson would be the first guy
to tell us not the federal government
does the federal government think that
they need to be making Tom Jackson's
business decisions for him because that
would be weird and one might say
paternalistic and isn't it racist to
think that indigenous people can't be
both good and bad sometimes you know
just like everybody else on the planet
this idea that indigenous peoples only
exist as benevolent keepers of the land
the noble savage if ul is early 20th
century style bigotry
we filed a Freedom of Information
request with the federal government I
wanted to know how the feds were
meddling in all of this when they
thought no one was watching them so we
asked for any and all documents and
communications regarding discussions on
whether to allow this film project to
film in Rocky Mountain National Park now
on page 12 of this Freedom of
Information document there is a talking
point that confirms Parks Canada blocked
filming because one of the characters is
an Aboriginal villain it says parks
Canada's commitment to the
reconciliation and respect for
indigenous peoples was an important
factor in the agency's final decision on
this matter and then on the next page
Parks Canada informs Katherine McKenna's
office and defends their decision we are
very comfortable with our decision and
stand by it as we had concerns with
elements of the plot related to the
portrayal of indigenous peoples yeah
that's a government agency telling film
crews what to put in their movies since
when does it parks Canada's job to
censor art if people don't like it they
won't go see it that's how movies and
while the free market work imagine how
much the federal government has their
greasy mitts in CBC Entertainment
productions if this is how much they
meddle in an American production that's
simply using a spot in Canada as a
location to shoot I bet it's a lot given
how shameless and out of line parks
Canada's demands about hard powered ER
were on page 93 Parks Canada demands
script details so that they could
determine how indigenous people will be
portrayed in the movie right here it
would be very helpful to have more
detailed information concerning the
storyline script characters and other
relevant information on the movie hard
powder specifically the portrayal of in
the indigenous group portrayed in the
film our documents also show how overly
reasonable and patient the production
team was with the federal government to
save the story to save jobs and to save
movie the director actually offers to
change the script and put any concerns
to rest I have the email here it says
from what I can gather the director is
even willing to change the script to
make this happen but that wasn't good
enough for Parks Canada bureaucrats who
thought they could behave like executive
producers all of a sudden in these
documents we also discovered something
really shocking the objections about the
movie originally came from the town of
Banff and not anyone in the indigenous
community right here on page 152 are a
brief list of objections from the town
of Banff who would rather be a bunch of
social justice warriors and spur
economic development in their town their
list includes potential use of imitation
firearms in the town of Bath any
potential violent activities depicted on
Banff Avenue the depiction of indigenous
groups as Native American Mafia
besides the town of Banff thinking it's
their job to be offended on behalf of
aboriginals who apparently aren't Banff
was also concerned that people would
recognize Banff as the location and
think that you can actually use guns in
a National Park Banff was just a
stand-in for a fictional place in
Colorado nothing was actually depicting
Banff at all and this is just one reason
why conservatives can't stand big
government this is somebody or rather an
entire group of beer cuts actual jobs
paid for by the taxpayer in every
department in every sector can you
believe people are paid to look through
film scripts and quibble over gun
replicas in fictional movies up until
the bitter end Parks Canada actually
thought they could bully this film
production into doing what they wanted
but as you can see on page 202 the film
crew had had enough of them and says we
have moved on and with the time left I
don't think we can afford to change back
and with that
jobs for albertans just went right out
the window production moved to be see
too much BS and too much hassle and who
can really blame them imagine the gun
government telling you what kind of
movie you can make what's next are they
going to be censoring books now telling
authors who gets to be the bad guy and
who gets to be the good guy based on
race and sjw demands where are we right
now North Korea I'm actually surprised
Parks Canada didn't demand that Justin
Trudeau get written into the story as
the hero in it all in the end of the
ridiculous demands of the federal
government killed a project that cost so
many much-needed jobs here in Alberta
and the local economy lost 5 million
dollars in economic benefits it's
insulting to the Canadian public and
well anybody that consumes pop culture
we know the difference between a Liam
Neeson action movie and a documentary
and we certainly don't need the
government to protect us from any sort
of confusion and where was premier
Rachel Notley in all of this well she
was silent and I know the provincial
government was well aware of what was
going on all along because I can see
them being looped in on the email
correspondence between the film crew and
the federal government the only person
standing up for Alberta jobs in all of
this was that indigenous actor Tom
Jackson again who said about the film it
can't be recovered in Alberta it's going
to go on schedule it's just not going to
go in Alberta it's not going to benefit
all the hotels and all the other
amenities that might have benefited from
this including crew and including
probably to some degree cast so there's
a large ripple effect and how it relates
to a number of things including our
economy our economy is suffering on the
one hand we have tax credits to
stimulate the film industry provincially
and yet federally because this is crown
land we are putting up hurdles in front
of ourselves in an area that may seem
like inappropriate censorship these
soulless bureaucrats in Ottawa killed a
big-budget movie project because of
political correctness costing
aboriginals the very people they claim
they're looking out for actual good
paying jobs if that's what looking out
for aboriginals means I hope this
government doesn't try to look out for
me too for the raveled media
I'm Sheila Gunn read
the Environment Minister Catherine
McKenna she doesn't like me that's why
she doesn't want me going to the UN
climate change conference in Bonn
Germany so that's why I'm going if you
can help cover our costs to get there go
to the rebel un com
