anyone with a like costume that is
offensive I will arrest this guy really
you would do that sure I will yeah for
sure oh you know what I think like if
marginalized people have had to suffer
then white people can shut the fuck up
yeah
what exactly does that mean it means
like if you're not black don't dress up
like you are if you're not Hispanic or
Latino don't dress up like you were and
if you're not Chinese don't dress up
like you are it's like really it's just
kind of like a simple concept just like
don't be a fucking racist asshole
remember when Halloween was all about
having fun and cutting loose well even
trick-or-treating these days is under
the politically correct magnifying glass
which is to say social justice warriors
are warning us not to Don costumes that
might appropriate the cultures of others
and what two members of generation
Trudeau after dark have to say about
this costume conundrum well let's find
out we're asking people you know this is
the weekend before Halloween of course
and there are those that are arguing
that if you're not of a certain culture
you shouldn't wear that kind of a
costume is there any merit to that
argument or should anything go on
Halloween it's the time for fun for all
it's mostly for kids but adults that are
kids at heart the most often is as
native people or Aboriginal people that
get they take these these things that
mean so much to these people's cultures
and we take them as an excuse to dress
up and and you know the Indian chief and
all that it's probably the biggest
example but do you think they are indeed
offended on mass or is this just a
squeaky wheel of course like you
shouldn't be going after cultures that
are
you know jump yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna
pass to be honest with you I don't think
they sure like they should have respect
for some cultures like you know like yes
yeah like Native Americans and stuff
like that like they should and they
should respect other culture right it
used to be you know Halloween was all
about having fun do you think there's
people that are making it unnecessarily
complicated to go back to Church Street
where we actually live we live at Church
Street well first of all we're straight
guys who live on Church Street and we
dress up like this because people they
don't know Church Street that's part of
the game village in Toronto right
yeah and it's fun and we we've brought
joy to a countless amount of people out
here tonight people were asking us for
pictures and they're having a good time
with us and this this lady I was
offended by us versus for some reason
interesting too it may be the
intolerance is coming from her by saying
go back to church straight right the
point I was trying to get across through
her but you know all these people are
what if someone said you know I'm a
devout blank and and you shouldn't you
shouldn't be mocking angels would there
be any merit to that argument you know
what since angels don't actually exist
and I've never been oppressed or
marginalized in society I'm gonna say
that I can dress up as whatever the fuck
I want and whatever old white guy in a
suit is gonna come out to me and
interview me can suck my entire dick you
have one that's not your business
you made the offer oh my goodness I've
just been molested by something I think
making things sexy when they shouldn't
be so making and like you said native
costume if you're making it overly sexy
when the culture is not inherently sexy
that might be a little bit crossing the
line it should be by personal judgement
again people are going to be upset with
a lot of things are you saying First
Nations people aren't sexy
bite your tongue sir no no no you know
the whole cultural appropriation thing
do you think there's merit to that
argument or should anything go on help
me I agree and you know what I got
yeah I do now I agree and I got my n
cuff anyone with a like costume that is
offensive I will arrest this guy really
you would do that sir I will yeah for
sure for sure so no worries like chief
of Toronto it's like taking a this is
nice you're you're tough sheriffs or
have you seen any offensive costumes my
friend fuck I gotta shit oh sorry
it looks like he's appropriating your
cost are you gonna come where is he a
little too big no he same team same team
same team passing back to you sir
yeah I need a thought on that I thought
deep thinker then friends thinking sir
how about yourself what's your opinion
on this you know what everyone has their
own opinion Halloween is a time of
dressing up whether you decide to dress
up as something that's culturally a hot
topic or not is there I'm gonna stop
right there because I have no idea where
I'm going with that thought you don't
believe in cultural appropriation no I
definitely I mean I don't want to cross
any lines because there are lines to be
crossed
what is the line now well I don't want
to offend anyone
obviously I just want to have a good
time and everyone have a happy Halloween
the youth ever you wonder like if any
was offended by what someone else is
we're and then
they need to take a good look a good
look at this house in the matter so
answer your from when Ireland again from
Ireland yeah yeah so if somebody
somebody here were to dress up as say a
leprechaun would you be a family not
though I were in embraces a dress it was
a better leprechaun and fight the maybe
maybe Polston these are children's
costumes if you notice it doesn't fit I
didn't mean to stare sir friends and my
English is so bad
sorry for that but I liked you can
attend people I like to run tall it's
the best place for the party tonight
yeah like what you just saw then click
subscribe below and never miss another
rebel video
