in the dead of night while Robert and
his wife Sue lay sleeping a gang of
three men came through their bedroom
window
they shot sue twice at point-blank range
but failed to kill her the men moved on
to Robert whom they tortured with a
blowtorch burning his arms stomach and
legs until he revealed the code they
could use to loot the couple's safe the
gang threw Robert and Sue into the back
of a getaway truck and dumped them on
the side of the road they rammed a
plastic bag down Sue's throat and shot
Robert in the neck sue spent a week in a
coma before she finally succumbed
against all the odds Robert lived but he
was left with permanent disabilities the
bullet he took is still lodged there
today
he says he's determined to survive until
he gets justice for his wife Sue as a
journalist it's way too easy to isolate
yourself from a story media commentators
shuffle into green rooms prepping
themselves by rereading crumpled notes
or articles online regurgitating someone
else's opinions we sit in separate
studios via satellite links and talk
past each other but most will never have
actually spoken to anyone connected to
the news they're pretending to cover
South Africa deserves better than this
lazy journalism from the mainstream the
stories I read was so unspeakably awful
farming families tortured for hours
before being killed by stabbing or
gunshot often with no ulterior motive
that I knew I needed to see this story
up close why the torture and given there
had been a 200% increase in these
attacks since 2012
why the sudden rise and these attacks
became part of my life too more and more
South African farmers writing to me to
share their stories a family members
beaten of daughters raped and have lives
ended without cause or explanation I
needed to find out for mice
who is behind these attacks and if you
know you're being hunted
why stay I made a plan to travel to
South Africa with a film crew and the
sort of security that would get me to
the heart of the truth for as long as
was feasible I chased down the real
story myself
it was my first day in South Africa and
I was talking to Ernst ropes and a
succession of experts on farm murder
statistics so in the last year they were
about roughly 84 farm murders and that's
so 84 farm murders in a one year period
where either the farmer or a family
member has been murdered yes yes and
then you can do the calculation or at
least a close estimate of an over
calculation last year the estimate was
156 per hundred thousand per year and
police offices in South Africa is 55 per
hundred thousand the macro picture of
the farmer tax was certainly frightening
being a farmer in South Africa is
extremely dangerous more dangerous than
being a South African police officer is
being a farmer one of the the most
dangerous job yes it is clear and we are
just talking about farmers murdered not
including those who survived the attacks
and the brutal tortures that some of
them have experienced we are only
looking at farmers murdered and and
we've seen how this have increased from
2011 until 2017 I mean I think it was 48
in 20 in 2011 so we are moving very very
close to doubling the figure on the one
end we must say that there is some
correlation with the general increase in
our criminals but you can clearly see
that the the the tide started changing
in 2011 2012 the the black car all the
incidents in 2016 the blue in 2017 and
the red we are busy putting them on at
the moment that's 2018 incidents if you
take more than three years on a map like
this it becomes very busy Chris Vance
ale a researcher and retired general
working for a large farmers union had
spent decades probing the farm attack
issue all these incidents are violent
crimes so we look at murder attempted
murder rape robbery and ask that's what
these are there's no
stock lift involved there's no theft of
normal property this is only violent
crime at Afra forum they're asking the
same questions how can the police file
these murders as theft or aggravated
theft when so often nothing is stolen
one of the problems is what they tried
to do was to reduce the motive for every
incident to a single motive so let me
give you an example there the murder of
the porter family near Lindley is one of
the well-known farm attacks it happened
in 2010 if I recall so what happened
briefly was the family it was a te and
volna they're husband and wife and they
had a two-year-old girl will Amin and
they stopped at the farm and as RT got
out of the vehicle he was attacked by
three or four people and eventually RT
was killed but he was stabbed 151 times
with a garden fork and a knife and a
machete or we call it a panga in South
Africa in front of his wife a little
daughter then his little girl was killed
they took three thousand Rand and they
wrote on a placard they wrote a sign
that said we murdered them and we are
coming back they were caught and they
went to they were trialed and during the
proceedings they said we went a because
we wanted to take the money so then it's
accepted okay so the intention was to
steal but the level of violence that was
committed in comparison to what was
stolen there's no possible way to
explain that the stories behind these
statistics are horrifying regular people
like my mom or dad
calmly recounting their gruesome ordeals
at the hands of black gangs a man and
his wife branded with hot irons and left
to die her husband killed in front of
his wife and children fingernails pulled
kneecaps drilled an elderly woman raped
another with half her face blown off
from a shotgun countless stories of rape
torture and murder
these attacks seemed to share a common
thread revenge
that was when my father was already
declared it and and one I saw the blood
day he gave me Samuel on Sunday after
church
Bernard bother came home to start a Bry
a South African barbecue what he didn't
know couldn't know is that a group of
men had come to his house to kill his
family they threw me between this two
course say there's two cars yeah and
they just threw me yeah and okay before
I eat the ground they started eating me
and said I'm going to weak today we're
going to kill you you fucking white
boston so they threw me there i fell in
my father's blood I just saw my father's
blood and and ammunition of the guns
that they took out of their sights you
were lying in your father's blood yeah
you knew they did something to my father
I thought the older a was already dead
burn out then had a horrible realization
he could hear the car with his wife and
children pulling into the drive so my
oldest son they always have a game to
check who's first at the front door so
he got out and he ran to the front door
to be the first a wife opened the garage
door and they grabbed her and when they
grabbed there he was running that way
and some one of them could add them took
a shot into the wall they they just shot
at him yeah after the attackers had left
leaving in a rush and sparing Bernard
his wife and their children after being
spooked by shouting from the neighbors
Bernard went to aid his father I found
my father's blood yeah they threw him
down yet
I think they didn't yeah yeah yeah just
yeah I think they didn't time up
properly because I think they thought is
already dead they put him there so
nobody can see him because it was a lot
of blood for the window
he came loose Samuel he went to the
kitchen and got cloth it's not to try to
stop the bleeding the infirm day was out
to get us loose and it was about ten
minutes of the loosen as that he said
now that he went and lied down and yeah
they actually died yeah but they say he
died in town but he was already they
struggled with him to get his heart
going again for a long time and I am
heartbroken here next to him on the
stoop selfishly wondering if I'm really
going to be brave enough to listen to
the dozens of other victims of farm
attacks some like Mary Andra recounting
a deep personal tragedy her husband was
shot and killed on their farm in front
of their children and when I saw the one
shots my husband took I saw the blood
and he grabbed and he literally rolled
off the couch and that's when I realized
this is real this just got real without
knowing that they've already shot him
five times and that's when my husband
got up for the lost time and it sounded
like it was crying when he said please
and one guy said I'll just kill him and
they shot him in the head in front of us
and he fell at my feet
Oh Marietta who had her jaw blown off by
a shotgun blast from a farm attacker
and had her face partially reconstructed
with flesh from her calf I was her
texting October during the six October
2002 and when they shot you not wishing
to they shot into your face here and
just took away your faith your bottom of
your face yeah yeah so they put the gun
down at the same time I went occurs and
that's when I shot it yeah yeah given
the ideals of Mandela's rainbow nation
while whites now the target and why a
pharma tax increasing so sharply so out
of step with other crimes
all good questions but once the South
African media refused to ask
they are famously uninterested in farm
murders their weirdest interest makes me
want to grab them and shake them brother
polite clothes in their manicured
offices for being so self-serving the
editor of one of the biggest online news
outlets admitted to me that she isn't
interested in South African farmer ders
because they just don't do that well for
the paper
no click-throughs no real interest she
said form attacks with people are
attacked and tied up and things I
couldn't believe we usually don't cover
because it's just it's not news with no
one's gonna read it if someone's hurt a
bit or you know we would maybe cover it
if anything off to get it but maybe not
so my ranking point of view there was
this one incident where perhaps a white
farmer shot black that will get
front-page that would be front-page and
it will will those all those stories
statistically do better as well I'm a
ranking click stories of attacks on
black people are far more popular and
gain far more traction it's curious it's
almost as if white South Africans have
completely lost their voice in the
country they called home if we have no
alternative media in South Africa
I'm Afrikaans speaking person for my
language which is the third fourth most
largest language in the country we have
one national newspaper which is finest
we have one national radio station which
is fine we have three or four channels
which are all very liberal so I can't
rely on that why do I have to do pack my
bags go onto a go meet the people in
person and that's what I've been doing
for 50 years four shows a week and I get
a different story out there and they
don't like violence much and they are
being murdered at these unprecedented
rates in which somebody says it and of
course you are counter to the narrative
home we're struggling more than you have
out there you can rely on a Katy out
there we have none of that you know we
and those who do speak out they don't
much power we have to create our alt
media here if we want to get anywhere
and it's ignored it's as if the
mainstream media have lost all
journalistic integrity in pursuit of
clicks and likes online
fueled by anger Irie committed to take
greater risks to bring this story home a
crime syndicate boss agrees to let me
speak with one of his farm attackers and
as much as I want to throttle him I also
want him to tell me what he knows okay
what they do
yeah firstly they come to me who is
working for the farm yeah they see by
the time I'm off at work they come to me
they buy me nice things yeah so that
I'll even enjoy so you have like food
food may be hindering even smoke pepper
you something it buy me something good
yeah then they ask me how much I'm
catching didn't I tell you it you see
like you can drive the car at any time
yeah you can feed your family but
without mine you are getting there it's
very leaky yeah you cannot afford so
they can give you some money
yes if you tell them what yes so they
tell me how can they get in there yeah
how can my boss a farmer this man is a
recruiter he recruits farm workers into
informants who tell the attackers where
guns are kept or where money is hidden
or if the farmer is sick to help
simplify a planned farm attack and how
does he turn these men and women against
their employers he sells them a dream
the orders tell you depend things about
your boss what did I say great thing
about you your life and your family the
painting that way children won't go to
school because of your pores his wasting
your time is making you stay there by
his farm he's giving you peanuts and
oxygen on quota school what a party in
the long run what about in the future
look children the world managed to to
help you yeah yeah yeah if you do this
like now you like to be smooth you'll be
better
L'Occitane will go to school and now you
you have your life you'll have a
business yes so you'd have a living if
you knew you don't manage to Kleck by
the farm you can stay home with your
family you'll be having food on the
table everything once the informant is
hooked he will expose the weaknesses of
the farmer to the gang and the biggest
weakness of any farmer is his wife and
children
if you
to what we are telling you to do you can
Aikido wife or gonna rape your wife in
front of you and kid head and grab even
your children these small one right the
small one
yeah and how small a child with a friend
at the age of two years very area so
that you can feel a pain as a tour guys
let me give you the money you go I save
my children is amazed life how does the
father stop them because sometimes even
though the farmers saying stop stop I'll
give you everything I'll give you
everything
even then they still rape the child what
why why would that be is it that they
don't want to stop them they just want
to make him scared yes there's an extent
you say okay stop stop guys I'll give
you whatever you like now yeah they just
make one example this guy they can do it
maybe I'll take take one child and and
hurt one child yes yes not in front of
he knows there are no guys please let me
give you everything whatever I want so
that you will leave my children and God
so often the gangs don't steal anything
leaving seemingly empty-handed and I
fell ill at the thought of the raping a
man's two-year-old or his wife in front
of him after you've taken his dignity
and destroyed the things he loves the
most
what is there left to take its barbarity
beyond anything I imagined so too is
their belief system where success or
failure of farm attacks rides on the
ability of a local witch doctor or
sangoma who they visit in the weeks
before an attack to be cut and filled
with special potions to give them
special powers to be strong in the
attack I need to hurt the man if I come
can you tell me when I should attack you
can tell me a good time when I will be
wrong if you're for me I tell you that
it is there about for ya I tell you that
you know it's fine it's now good I can
phone you and how do i when i make my
attack I ring you you tell me it's a
good time I can take the man I can take
the things I need to take is how do I do
I give some to you do you have some can
I do I pay you with that years
come and give me I must come in thank
you yes how much will I give you a rough
least like if you go to 50,000 if I got
50,000 round can you give me don't those
I give you 20,000 years that's your cut
for my farmer tactics but away from the
sangoma and the barbarism of these
attackers there is discipline training
funding and equipment that can only be
provided by people in power the
politicians and the police I found
evidence that both corrupt politicians
and some members of the South African
Police Force are complicit in these
attacks the political group the economic
freedom fighters uses South Africa's
apartheid past to maximum effect
apartheid seems to sit underneath
everything like a deep well of hatred
drawn on by the EF F and other black
political movements to mobilize support
from the angry the poor and the young
easily drawn into black gangs attacking
farmers
the economic freedom fighters sing this
song at their political rallies kill the
boar kill the white man and make throat
slitting gestures against their white
opponents in Parliament back on the
ground black gangs translate this
rhetoric into action torturing and
murdering White's to cleanse them from
the land I wonder about these farm
attackers they say war makes men do
cruel things but there is no war in
South Africa there is a political
climate supporting these attacks and
political backing for police prepared to
help her brother out I receive a message
from a policeman currently in active
service with the South African Police
Force
he has heard I'm in South Africa
investigating the far murders and is
prepared to talk if his identity is
protected I asked him about the risks if
he is caught talking I can lose my job
I'm allowed to talk with a media without
a police escort prefer be an officer a
media officer to grant a protections
with VRS and got my family and myself
why even spot the government or outside
of the time knowing all of that knowing
that it could be your family that's
targeted knowing that you would lose
your job knowing that you know and we've
seen what harassment looks like over
here harassment doesn't just mean
sending bits of paper harassment is can
be sitt serious physically serious why
is it that you want to talk
all my life being about making noises
anyone charts they don't know II think
that's why I mom I'm goodies to be said
to protect the people government has
failed to protect the people if you
looked at the Terrorism Act the
Prevention of Terrorism in
terrorist-related activities at these
fallen attacks intensified long time ago
as tears
cuz that's what it is it's terrorism and
government has done us at some point
sings all day to reach a level where no
one's been about to stop somebody needs
to stand up and talk up on Titan of
breakfast my Beamish but it's not only
what I want to know how these gangs are
so organized well equipped and ruthless
in their actions farm attacks are too
professional to be the work of chances
from the settlements from what you know
from the police perspective just how
involved are the police in farm attacks
but just a former Texas are cases where
we were raised in saving police and as a
pastor it's all home invasion where PETA
zetas you not so several members of the
police have been arrested for these
weapons have been used not as personal
weapons between researchers and
neighbors that rifles it's a stable part
molestation where you have been used
this ammunition has been used
I would rather the fourth the military
they are mess it off after working
that's not a set of triplets rehearsal
till the average crew his nozzle too
slick and our third day that had trailer
of some sort that is not it's not hardly
just your farm attacks if you have a
deficient rancid attacks fill
officinalis folders they've all got some
form of time and that is the morning
part one of the we as police officers
coming up against and where that
training who's running that training
who's funding that training who's behind
military training of these coordinated
attacks on this routine and if we
speculate
for the government which I'm not gonna
study the government assayer more than a
lot of undecided young party has a link
to pages that i NC renege to charge on
South Africa in 1994 I gave a diver
their arms caches it's important to this
country
yeah so now how do I get this angel
around RPGs last time I think back to
all the victims I have met how they
called the police after they had been
attacked in the hope that help might
come when all along the police supposed
to save them were part of the problem I
feel like everything I trust is broken
here and I feel forlorn as we talk I see
he is another one who will not leave
this place it becomes like a towel in
poker in their faces and in their
mannerisms talking to me taking this
risk it's all part of it
just like Bernard or Mary Andra and the
general here's another South African
signaling he will be buried in his boots
he will go down fighting because he has
seen too much to walk away he will spill
his blood for his land and for the sins
of his colleagues you said earlier if
they go to arrest someone or there's
been an attack and they turn up on scene
and the guy's a brother he'll be let go
but then you said that white cops are
bad in fact worse what's this brother
thing whoo what dictates you as being
part of a brother
it's not anything motion not color
English support absolutely sporty antsy
cops don't you
if they find a membership card on you if
I'm as a like this house I race to my
back although there are three days
interracial always just some kidiot that
costs that they will not help you versus
austerity muscles are actually worth
they won't touch him
so you are protected here in South
Africa if you even have a membership
card for a and C e FF v LF that's your
way of being one of the brothers and
that's not about color just for clarity
that is a big black arm the BFF is
playing the mask auctioneers are 13
racers audience tonight nationals are
enough the regional offices of the total
since I almost want to run away from all
of this I feel kind of dirty having
comforted women like Han yet to ludecke
raped by multiple men or marry Andhra
burying her husband to give birth to her
son knowing the same police they called
for help
may have been assisting the monsters in
their midst
I tracked down dr. Berger an expert in
this field and senior researcher at the
Institute for Security Studies to verify
what I'm being told repeatedly that the
police are complicit his officers feel
strangely clinical and foreign out to so
many weeks on the road amongst the
grubby nosov it all in my heart away
from my job here seeking the truth I
want him to tell me the cops are the
good guys
that I should keep the faith but he
could not tell me that the political
statements that are made on a regular
basis creates a climate that
accommodates this kind of criminal
activity the fact that police officers
individual police officers either
working with some of these criminals
criminal syndicates of crime syndicates
and assisting them that is happening not
in any every case but it does happen the
next thing is about the the stolen money
yes once they like take their money from
the same fluid the yeah the robbery I
have the money I mean they set with huge
amounts of cash
they go to a trusted police offices us
and they leave Utley the police officer
then gets a cut out of that money and is
only responsibility is to provide a safe
house for the stolen money and and then
after that does the settled they arrange
with this police officer to get the
money give him his due and then they
they leave thirdly they and they are
quite open and frank about this because
the other stories the police are
investigating the police are on to them
then that either arrange to have the
case docket stolen yes so you you Europe
make a big enough offer that guys the
docket gets slightly scarce all the
evidence in it and and they they would
also then try and approach the
investigating officer you know for him
to be less efficient in this investing
investigation so they are quite open and
frank that this these are the kinds of
things that they are doing so so so the
bottom line here is that what they are
telling us is that at the at the price
they can buy the cooperation of certain
police officers and that's what they do
so I believe that it is highly probable
that the same thing happens with former
Tech's not a political directive the
political level provides a conducive
climate if you yes yes yes no it's also
the centre failing war yeah yeah so so
so and criminals exploit this and we
often hear enduring form attacks that
they would say to their victims you know
you actually you stole this land from so
what we are doing isn't wrong you know
we can do this you shouldn't be here in
the first place so they justify the
actions on the basis of what the
political leadership are telling them
I'm struck by this grim reality one that
seems hopeless and it recalls a question
I'm asked over and over again if you
know you're going to be killed why do
you stay
why don't you just leave but I realized
the answer is not that simple
many of these farmers are simply
hard-working salt-of-the-earth people
they're financially poor and this is
their home where should they go who fund
their Exodus which countries will offer
them asylum and what are the
ramifications of giving into what is
tantamount to terror how does it work
for you in terms of being able to stay
in this country presumably you're a man
that would never leave this country and
godly I'm too old you're not too old not
been flattering you I'm just saying to
me you seem very you share a thing with
him he said to me I'll die here this is
my land this is my Albion they just
they'll bury me in my boots you love the
country and it's better to know than not
to know is it better to die knowing no
yeah then you can in some way you can
work out the way that you can get on
there's a real belief from people who
say I will stand here I will stand and
fight or I will stay with the farm and
and that in a way it doesn't matter if I
die here it doesn't matter if I murdered
on my farm say I'll die with my boots on
but it doesn't matter if my blood spilt
for the land because there's a belief
that they go there that God will look
after that so there's a thing that
matters more so when they do go out then
you on say on to a farm attack and all
on patrol you believe that you will be
looked after on the coffee any W is that
why you were willing before you just
happen to have sold your farm and move
to a different one whatever but you said
you would go back to you did go back to
your farm you carry those in there slips
it the next night after you nothing and
it's one of the key themes I hear over
and over amongst the big strong men
who know they're a target and who see
that time is running out for the white
farmer in South Africa the young who can
afford to leave do the older farmers
living close to poverty cannot afford to
even if they could others are forced off
their farms into white slum settlements
just like this one outside Pretoria
where Joey and Peter live with Joey's
young children below the poverty line
without running water or electricity and
so it is with both a sense of
resignation and ultimate resilience that
they commit to the land with everything
they have and everything they are I will
be buried in my boots takes on a far
more literal meaning here sitting with
Bernard I'm struck that his relationship
with God and his land has a lot to do
with being resigned to his fate if he's
resigned to his future and his life
being ended then putting his faith in
God is the only thing that makes sense
and the only way to cope and the land
provides a Sal for his tired mind
exhausted from his own internal dialogue
with the demons that were left behind by
the gangs sorry about my dogs I have two
dogs it was a good way of looking at
life sometimes you know that matters is
that you get to eat and we yeah I'm
somebody that also shuts out other
people when I'm struggling with
something so the deform the fields and
stuff keeps me busy from a little life
and it's a friendly and nice yeah and
that's where if I do my prayers each day
so the land and your God if I have a bad
day all or all the girls sit there and
try to figure it out myself your story
is there is your own story but that's
that at that point of what keeps you
going is exactly the same as big others
that I've met been people like you and
unbelievable there are things you face
unbelievable but the things you all go
back to many of you is the land and God
that's the only thing we can can hold on
to there's nothing else we can put our
trust in these days so you hold on yeah
and good stays as well sometimes it
doesn't seem that way where I said yeah
I thought I was angry with him what the
hell way were you
but now I can see it was yeah here's the
bullet Oh son was the lot of things that
happened in this yard that day he wasn't
good in control this is why they cannot
leave even if they could afford to or
had somewhere to go they do not leave
because the only way they can make sense
of life is to believe in land and God
for better or worse and these beliefs do
unite them as I Drive about on this epic
journey the symbols of faith are
everywhere from crosses on the side of
buildings to signs on the gates even
crafted by the hands of the victims
themselves it's almost as if the more
desperate the situation the more
important God or faith becomes maybe
that's true for all of us I say I'm not
religious but when one of my own
children was unwell I started bargaining
pretty hard with a god I had never
believed in who else can you lean on
when nothing else makes sense he's our
hero and I keep telling my kids as well
because if it wasn't for him taking
literally all the bullets what happened
to us what would have happened to us so
he he gave his life for us and that is
why I'm making a point of living life so
largely because this is why you're like
you I hads why I would say a big part of
getting through or not getting through
living with what happened is my face
people will say you know what it was
God's plan God's well no it wasn't not
at all it was people free will
I made the choice of God he he couldn't
manage the whole situation or control
little Stoppard's or its people we have
free wool but he was there and he said
that he will let everything work
together for the better
so that's what I believe it and that's
why from this box of ashes that I have
literally has to come something good I
think I almost prefer Mary Andrews take
on things less resigned to her fate more
clear that God was not behind this but
that something good has to come from
pain like the garden they have created
in memory of daddy we have we have
little rituals that we do so we have a
little garden that's our deadly Gordon
yeah way they plant the flowers they
want to plant and obviously we have
photos in the house of daddy you and the
girls
mica refused to talk about daddy for a
year because the trauma was so big she
didn't want to grieve she didn't want to
it the grieving itself was a trigger for
her now we're at a point where she'll Oz
will set and we'll say what was the best
memory of Danny and they'll make turns
and talk about it and I'm hoping that
that will form part of his roots or his
yah he will know he is dead he was and
there's a strong feeling of unity
amongst these farmers forced together
almost by their shared sense of being
hunted or being the prey sometimes they
come together for protection forming
night patrols so that others may sleep
more soundly and why do you do this what
makes you and you could have found me
that it's bed time you're putting them
to bed bath time you might be missing
that what makes you get in your truck
get your light on and patrol from 1:00
till 4:00 in the morning you've been
paid to do this no we're not being paid
you don't receive anything for doing
this why do you do it so that I can
sleep so for tomorrow night
when my neighbor does it because really
else is gonna do it and how has it come
to be but in South Africa so back where
I come from we avoid our neighbors I
pretend to do up my shoelaces rather
than speak to the guy tomorrow because
I'm not so fond of him how did it work
out here that you not only are lovely to
your neighbors you will get up in the
night to look after them personal
opinion I think once you've seen what
can happen to somebody that is an older
person that has been attacked and you
see the scene in it it makes you think
twice about I don't want to get up
tonight and just as they work together
in life they are united in death - here
at the plasmid monument outside Easter
burg each white cross represents a
farmer killed in a farm attack row on
row clawing their way up the hillside
and a last determined effort to make a
stand and here just as in the media and
elsewhere the individual stories fall
away suddenly there are too many to
count the sheer numbers hiding the
horrors represented by each cross each
of these crosses is not one farmer
shocked or stabbed it is a wife raped or
a child thrown in a boiling bath or a
grandma scalded with hot irons across
her chest just for the pleasure of her
pain you know when it rains here the
drops are heavy and warm just like the
tears of Mary Andra Bernard or my own
sometimes it feels like this whole damn
place is crying I look around at these
persecuted White's living in gated
communities with 24/7 security a secure
door between the house and the bedrooms
windows covered by metal grills and I
wonder if a part I'd ever really went
away it seems the only thing that has
shifted is
who has the power Sylla rama poseur the
new leader of the African National
Congress who is pushing ahead with the
ex-pro creation of land without
compensation removing any future for all
but the most wealthy farmers in South
Africa just simply handing over land to
individuals who've never farmed yeah who
don't have the experience of trying to
make this land do what it does so
brilliantly under the exhibits it's not
a reality it's not handing over land
doesn't equal a farm no it does not and
there are so many examples of others
failed dismally we're a beautiful
productive farm were given to a group of
people who then lost the farm through
simple neglect the homestead beautiful
homestead was broken down and plundered
and part of it you know the roof and
other inside doors and stuff we happen
to appear elsewhere in shacks so all you
have is the broken walls remaining of
the farm and then of the productivity of
that farm it's it's all when - you know
- nothing there's nothing left so you
have bush veldt again and if you look at
that farm a few years afterwards you'd
never believe that this was one of the
best productive farms at its time and it
is the food security of the South
African nation that is at stake
South Africa dream became 80s and 70s
was a net exporter in the data as well
as also adidas but even with the
sanctions of protect us
after independence is media is the more
popular touch - after liberation
Syafiq I lost more formers and as we
lose more forms
before and the former seduced
educational format girl Nana we have
become important for the exporting of
food we is offered security Bryan's own
brother was shot during an attack on a
farm but even having suffered this loss
like so many other good people he can
see that to move forward he can't be
focused on vengeance for sins of the
past and the family you can see you
still better days he's right of course
away from the brutality of apartheid
there is another story in the
relationship of black and white people
in South Africa a long tradition of
blacks and whites working peacefully
alongside each other creating deep and
meaningful relationships with
generations of the same families and a
cathedral to commit many remains atella
Javert Davis John to take Bastion Tama
long have a plan a plan to ante up Ratan
he at once a open yes good long have
airplane I also think it's quite cunning
to say that you weren't dude instead
school for long so you don't know how
long you've been here or how old you are
I'm gonna totally roll with that when I
go back to the UK do you know how old
you are
they get so mad when take water only and
it is a mistake to imagine that white
farm attacks are only a white problem
black farm workers are also vulnerable
to attack beaten alongside the farmers
they work for them like us slide down
all of us here back in a line get you
face down yes yes and this is your sound
your wife your workers your closest we
were 13 13 people face down in here
people were lying down here on the floor
they shot you through the leg yes
they also shoot one of my workers
between there like all these testicles
Oh with the bomb so is one testicle oh
yeah there's the market of today here
this is your where you were shot do I do
any of them still work with young yeah
the one of them was told you one stage
he'll stay with you forever I'm a
hundred percent sure about that use it's
one of the things that people seem to
miss these farm attackers with you speak
to them or speak to people around them
as you say to them so what you think
happens and you attack a farm and the
farmer leaves you know you've you
terrorized them so they are forced to
leave what happened to the farm worker
that depends on the farm
and they don't seem to have thought it
through or don't seem to recognize
they're hurting their own if it is about
something else but that's what I'm
saying if they don't feel nothing now
have you run there no and this creates
fear many black workers are afraid
because of what they've been through
fear is pervasive here and are you
afraid now of being on the farm how do
you fear yeah my friend was certain see
in time they'll come back was they think
that I suited my ass but I'm working but
I mean please
you are afraid yes yeah and when they
were shooting down the line they shot
your boss in the leg then they shot a
friend of yours another farm worker they
shot him as well did you think they
would shoot you
yeah that's it to me they are going to
shoot myself because they asked see
forward for a long time here and other
people which was working here he fancies
air with a long time they asked how do
you see if you don't know that man it
was worth a long time here who are
counting five times if you don't tell us
to say wisdom and work on yourself see a
funny appellant accounts one two three
four five and they just know when the
white farmer is hurt many of the workers
speak about the pain they also feel to
see the person they love hurts so very
badly
one of Marietta's workers Miriam came to
her aid after she was shot in the face
yeah and on the day I was shot I drove
up to the unde a nearby her house and
then I called her I asked a certain
Sonny came to me he was bringing money
to me for me to buy some tomatoes for
and then he saw and I said you must go
and call her you know this is what your
face when I shot the same day we drive
bitch I actually I had to I think she
going to the car and I told her to get
on the bucket and we drove to the turret
her Sonny speak over them he was he was
able to draw until I was sitting next to
you with you yeah it was tested she had
told it's how I look
no nothing because she didn't know no I
didn't you know I wasn't such a fine I
don't know whatever where you were
afterwards she went to the Toyota then
we are standing and she took the blood
and she buried at sea we are almost
standing it was this blood and then I
wrote on a box my brother's phone number
and his daughters and the fringe at
Platte Burke and she stopped his car and
she asked for somebody to help us to
follow and it actually was a police guy
and the guys have found to her and she
spoke to my brother and said you must
come our shop and what do you think
about what she's been through
how do you feel about what she's been
through
gone again La Mina friend Omaha me
no Tito see katana so Bobby Lee nomnom
Kula million mansion labelled a grand
illusion Omnicorp ayme
my bubblegum game it strikes me that
this is a perverse way of unifying
people this hurt they all feel one key
worker was a taquito
and he was crying and he was crying a
lot
angry they're over very close with my
father one of the guys is working here
is actually is not on pension he mustn't
go on pension but he's actually not with
a lot of the form it doesn't do actually
nothing but I keep him here because he
was much he worked with my father easier
for 20 years so he stays here and yeah
give him a fence to fix it even if it
takes him two hours for me today it's
okay as long as he stays here you're
happy he's part of your dad yeah and do
you think your dad can still see ya no I
don't think so I know so this incredible
loyalty tween blacks and whites injurers
despite the attempts by black gangs to
sabotage all that is good Jakub talked
about his responsibility to his workers
and to memy so you could would you ever
leave the farm no no because of your
farm worker or because of the farm or
because you are you notice everything
I am the farm if I'm not yeah no there
is not the forum and you feel
responsible because he put his life yes
now I was going to even tell him sorry
no job for you anymore because of the
camel all activities so we must he gonna
to support his family farm attacks are
ripping families like these apart farm
attacks are ripping South Africa apart
yeah it was a normal a normal day we
kicked the girls to school I took them
to school you had came home a bit
lighter that evening and we had supper
and we fell asleep on the couch in front
of the television Mika
my oldest daughter fell asleep on a
little mattress with us in
in the lounge and at about I would say
half-past one 12 ish I had morning in
the morning I heard the dogs barking and
then I went back upstairs and I fell
asleep on the couch again thinking
living on a small hauling it could be a
cat or a rabbit or just solving the
decision so we felt like I fell asleep
again I was well literally working as
far as on that the police later said it
was described as the cocking of the gun
as I said up straight they were they
were two of them standing at my feet
with the gun pointed at me and I of
course started screaming hysterically I
worked my husband up
I measured also awake over see what
you're screaming she woke up when the
screaming started and the one attacker
said this man is a killer and he's here
to kill you and husband still said
please no just take anything you want
there is the cour outside this TVs the
company you can take anything and the
shooting just started bullets were just
flying while Mary Andra and her children
are still dealing with the psychological
scars from their attack others like
Marietta have to deal with the physical
repercussions for the rest of their
lives Marietta was shot while in her car
ambushed by a farm worker on a road
leading to her farm
the attacker tried to shoot her in the
head but Marietta lurched back resulting
in the bullet shattering her jaw she
escaped with her life but permanent
disfigurement was just the beginning of
her suffering a state healthcare botched
Marietta's operation surgeons took skin
from Marietta's leg to reconstruct her
jaw but unfortunately the tissue they
used was still rattled with shrapnel
causing the wound to become gangrenous
she could smell her own face rotting
worse still
the skin was grafted the wrong way
around resulting in Marietta's own leg
hair growing into her mouth while
Marietta's body was permanently
disfigured other women have been faced
with a grim choice in jerk gang
and potential exposure to HIV or allow
their entire family to be murdered this
brave woman endured being raped by three
men so that she would be able to see her
grandchildren again no I shall you tell
me no you are this and said come and
showed me other girls well at that door
outside DC to New York
r16 excuse me and if I refuse
I said no cookies granny handshake you
know what this is another half to shoot
you and then I also decided listen I
still have my kids aside my grandchild
as all of my husband is in the room next
door I don't know what happened to him
so and I want to stay alive so I have to
decide now like what your your yeah and
in that moment I suppose there's a sort
of thing for me that goes what what
choices did you have do I want to be
shot
no I don't know do you want stay alive
for your grandchildren no I have to stay
alive for my kids and my grandchildren
and my husband so you decided to it just
to let him let him do whatever he wants
to do yeah and what happened next well
darlin I asked him what's the way do you
want to do it and he seated me somebody
outside yeah
as he phone excuse me no I don't think
so everybody else here that the other
two guys is watching us so I'm not going
to let you do this to me huh
I've got back problems as is this now
I've constantly long so I have to sit
all the time so he said I'll hold it's
got into the room and he secured he
wants to do it doggystyle okay let's go
into that so he tried and he couldn't do
it and he said to me you're I must stand
on my back on the base and then you are
gonna start tracking me and how long did
that go on for how long were you raped
for about an hour
about an hour because I'm he's rightly
first and then he walked out and then
another guy coming in and year writing
me and then he goes out and then he lost
once I'm in so all 300 cm you know and
I've spoken to other people who've been
involved with these rapes and they say
that they like to take that
oh yes you're not I do like it
that wasn't that wasn't in early to go
anyway because I knew the police is gone
so why would I be inheriting go away and
your husband is just in the remix and my
husband is in the room you're still tied
up now and I just keep quiet because I
know if I'm gonna make any sound or try
to fight them they will shoot me and I
will go inside to kill management as
well so I decided not to do anything let
him do what I want to do and just get
out of my life I'm speaking to God all
the time and I think please give me a
call you know all the time I was fucking
Dean just give me the strength to go
through this and let me get out a life
no one neither young nor old is spared
in these brutal attacks but now I'd
record other details of the day that
changed his family's life forever shall
we carry on the journey that you to use
your son fell down him your wife is
currently they took a yeah they took her
in at that stage I was lying here
the car was standing here I was lying
here they took her to put it down yet
back and tighten her as well but they
handled note that roughly roughly yeah
yeah my mother as well they work more
gentler and the kids they didn't do
anything to the kids no nothing
my youngest son is the middle one he
they put him the he said sat in the door
is so everything they see so every time
they kicked me they saw how they
tightened my wife and the grandma and he
saw everything and ultimately the
attackers strip even the strongest man
of their ability to defend their
families
you are young you have dreams ambition
they want to change the world and then
something like that thank you
hell of a impact on everything on your
marriage you feel like you didn't to
take protect your wife and you tell them
angry with yourself that's what the
things you must like peaceful
they took Bernards dad they take a woman
self-worth by raping her
they take strong men's dignity and pride
but worse they take what is truly
priceless farm attackers robbed little
boys and girls of their childhoods
number innocence Mika was diagnosed with
PTSD she was on antidepressants
anti-anxiety meds six of six she's on
auntie antidepressants bernard tells me
the same thing his 11 year old son was
shot at and dragged across the property
whilst his younger brother looked on
aggressive sleepless and detached from
everyday life
the child was prescribed strong
antidepressants and how are the children
about we took them for counseling the
middle one that saw everything is the
one in the doorway that saw you being
kicked and hit you know and he saw this
my his brother pulled over the lawn and
stuff
he's battering he's getting little moral
again he was last week particular state
it's New York Pretoria can he sleep can
he know we use in
and I can see depressants and then
things to help him sleep
yeah what how old is he eight and he's
on antidepressant
and did it prison just my son is nine so
your son's eight and your son's on
antidepressants and strong ones and he
can't sleep at night yeah so so what
will he what will happen to him
what will he state because presumably is
a farmer usually it's the sons that take
the farm
yeah he will the problem I have with him
is aggressive he's really aggressive
towards his teachers he doesn't have
friends at school anymore doesn't since
the attack lifting just for him
everything just when Daniel totally
amazed he's really good in sports rack P
yeah hockey athletics everything is good
in it but this he doesn't have that it's
as if he doesn't want to to fit in
anymore
it wasn't asked him to open the garage
during the day in my garage door
standing open
I don't closely they didn't want to play
outside didn't want to go fishing the
damage just here didn't want to go
fishing they didn't want to do anything
and finally it is all too much for all
of us to take my crew were in tears I'm
a mess
and Bernard calmly tells me his eldest
son wants to commit suicide he blames
himself for his grandfather's murder
the oldest one was on the stage he
wanted to commit suicide he said you
want to kill himself because he wants to
get to his granddad
the oldest one yeah
how old is he 11 and he said he wants to
commit suicide yeah he wants to kill
himself because he wants to go to his
grandfather they were supposed to kill
him not this grand for the and stuff
like that and for me as a parent there
is no book that can teach you parenting
I'm sorry this this nothing that can
teach you that it guys you try your best
but how do you handle that how does a
parent handle that Jakub experienced the
same kind of troubles with his own son
who was just 10 years old when a gun was
held to his head
in the beginning it was a program we
take him for some how to talk to someone
and but you know I want to give you a
example of that child it was I was
finally innocent child what you get when
I have tips and sweets and that stuff
that was always walking on the forum
gift to the workers you understand yeah
like a family like a big like friends
and family really big family and off the
attack and you must remember is 10 years
old and that's why they is a guide
guides border right now because it was
always open someone can get in for
output for this now the God and if you
see something now ask you that that
should shoot him so you can clearly see
the the impact on the child the way he
sees the world as well
he believed everything is good and right
and now we see another side of the world
so they take that they take the making
making him this story was making him an
adult before its time yeah in that way
yeah so yeah I think they're off doing a
lot yeah in this place where people so
strongly believe in God and are
determined to carry on there is also a
fatalistic side they've come to embrace
their lives have changed irrevocably and
they know it it's it's it's it's a path
to walk I have to take them every night
and show them look mommy's locking the
door look mommy's closing the windows
look there's burglar burglar bars and if
they hear something I have to go look
for what the sound is because
immediately we expect the worst if I
myself hears something outside
I expect the worst and then I have to
rationally rewire my brain and think you
know what the wind is blowing it's
probably and I have to go look and then
I can show them look it's just the
winter they aren't afraid of monsters
they are afraid of people and this is my
truth from South Africa whites are being
systematically cleansed from the land by
black gangs black gangs are supported by
the language and actions of mainstream
politicians and are equipped by corrupt
members of the police
it's a sad conclusion but an inescapable
one you know something happened to me as
I was leaving South Africa I was
detained leaving the country and my
passport confiscated I was told that my
actions in South Africa amounted to
spreading racial hatred and that I was
to stay in country until they could
figure out what to do with me in the end
they couldn't and because it was a
Sunday no one was in the office they let
me go there was not a small issue there
was a serious charge a charge that put
me in real jeopardy as it stands I am
banned from entering South Africa and
will not be able to report from there
again they don't want you to hear these
truths South Africa's political class
would prefer you never hear my reporting
never hear the voices of victims and
survivors never hear how bad things are
for the white people of South Africa
well now you know
you
