look at this headline got to know father
accused of honour based violence against
daughter let me read a few lines from
the story I gotta know man is accused of
honour based violence against his
daughter for not wearing her hid jab in
public police say the teenager told
authorities she had suffered repeated
violence by her father for more than a
year and when he learned that his
daughter was removing her hijab as soon
as she left the family home the violence
escalated he read just one more sentence
from the story as well the 35 year old
man was arrested Wednesday and appeared
in court Thursday where he was charged
with assault assault with a weapon and
uttering death threats
his name was withheld to protect the
girl's identity LeMay said she is safe
and not with a family limit maybe a
government authority so it wasn't just
that he was hitting his daughter for not
wearing a hijab
he used a weapon a weapon and he
threatened to murder her according to
police for not wearing a hijab this is a
story in Canada not not in Pakistan or
Somalia and this is about a hid jab not
in a cab it's insane that in a 21st
century we need to learn Arabic words
for various medieval chastity belts for
the face can you imagine that it's 2017
and instead of talking about a mission
to space to colonize Mars instead of
talking about a cure for cancer or some
amazing human prosperity we are learning
the different forms of imprisoning women
in a theocratic society the hijab is a
headscarf then the cab is the full face
of glitter a ting mask I remember it
this way his jab starts with h4 head
scab head scarf a jab head scarf niqab
and for ninja looks like a ninja and B
burka for beekeeper yeah give a better
word that's an excerpt from my daily TV
show the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day include
always to interview today and I read my
hate mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
