ah right with the Avengers making over 2
billion dollars worldwide you didn't
think a studio would take that sitting
down did you know Warner Brothers has
its own collaboration superhero movie
Justice League coming out in a few weeks
so let's look at the first step in this
collaboration franchise when they
rebooted Superman
now before you click away don't where
I'm not talking about the 2006 dumpster
fire that was Superman Returns no I'm
talking about the 2013 Man of Steel and
what it talks about the values the
beliefs the principles and the political
warnings that it gives us basically how
Superman is the true American here that
we need right now how we should hope
they carry these same values and
principles over into the future movies
and Justice League now Man of Steel was
directed by Zack Snyder and starred
Henry Cavill is the iconic American hero
Clark Kent aka Superman
even though Henry Cavill is not actually
American don't worry I'm sure the next
James Bond and double-oh-seven will be
cast as American now kiddo and will
never happen but in all seriousness
Henry Cavill did a great job
the movies made for two hundred and
thirty million dollars that's an insane
amount of money like really it should
have been a good movie at that point it
made over six hundred and sixty eight
million dollars at the box office so it
did pretty well now important side note
this movie was released got a 55 like
half from critics in Hollywood like in
rotten tomatoes the critic view was 55
but the viewers gave it a 75 when this
happens especially if you're a movie
goer you should go check it out if the
viewers liked it most likely you're
gonna like it and there's a reason why
the critics didn't like it as much I'm
gonna give this movie at four to five
you know I know this film can be boring
in some places and one of the reasons
for this is the use of flashbacks this
happens in a lot of origin stories we
had to cover a lot of time introduced a
lot of characters and back stories so
they keep flashing back and back back
and it distracts from the audience
making it feel even slower than it
normally would be however I do not think
this takes away from the movie as a
whole it is beautifully shot I mean the
color correction the selection the
scenes I mean it is magnificent it's big
it's beautiful it also gets extremely
intimate well shot well colored and I
got to give a shout out to the real MVP
of this whole movie Hans Zimmer who did
the score I mean it is unbelievable the
emotion introspection you feel listening
to this movie you sense whatever
character is feeling and you could close
your eyes and almost watch this movie
know what's happening it's tremendous
score now well let's get into the
politics of why I think this movie also
got a bad score the perfect example this
is when you get to see Krypton in the
beginning of the film you get to see a
once flourishing society being destroyed
because the people and the beliefs and
the way they've run this new world
a long time a formally blooming society
now being destroyed mourning much maybe
Krypton introduced population controls
for its species and predetermined roles
for everyone living and they did this
years ago for unknown reasons can't
imagine a good one
communism much a little bit and whatever
they did didn't work as the planet is
dying about to implode and the
politicians and the government are doing
nothing they are at a gridlock because
of the organization and nothing is going
to get done in this society because the
way it's been set up now because of this
one of the predetermined roles was
obviously to protect the country General
Zod is in charge of protecting the
people at all cost he forms a coup where
he's going to overthrow the government
because they're not doing enough they're
not sacrificing what needs to be
sacrificed
they're not doing what needs to be done
to preserve the people as you can tell
if he was gonna succeed in this coud
probably a very fascist dictatorship
government where people are very
expendable maybe even North Korea - I
mean it would been bad
basically politicians trying to control
people's lives ruin the entire world
this flourishing civilization yeah good
morning
now jor-el jor-el is Clark's father he
is in charge of science in the country
and when darrell's to talk me about
these predetermined roles he thinks
destroyed pretty much the country he
says what if a child aspired to be
something greater what if they had this
freedom to choose because this whatever
we've done is not working their society
it's going to destroy itself
and we need to have go back to what made
us great we need to establish these
liberties and Freedoms again and yada
yada yada
here's what the plot thickens so jor-el
and his wife had the first natural-born
child the first child that wasn't
predetermined to be born in centuries
and they are gonna send his child to
earth by himself because he knows the
government's not doing about it the
planet is lost and what Zod is gonna do
is gonna still enslave and destroy
people in their whole culture so he
sends his son with all the hopes and
ambitions of their entire race with them
to earth to America to literally the
heart of America Kansas where this can
actually happen America so to someone up
communism is awful and politicians ruin
everything all right now is a moviegoer
blue-collar American girl love this
movie because the values as well as the
action-adventure that go along with
Superman so I'm gonna give this movie a
three out of five for my viewer we're
you for one the special effects are
great I mean you really get to feel like
su mente flying in this movie and the
action is great it's not just a guy
zipping around saving cash you get to
see a war and this giant landscape what
would happen if these two titans you
know these two super bings did collide
and the battles they that ensue it's
great it's really fun to watch now one
of the reasons you care so much for
Clarke are because of the values that he
has that were endowed by his tremendous
parents and the family values they have
it was great family nucleus in the movie
that I think is lost in a lot of films
now Kevin Costner gives one of the best
performances I've seen in a while as
Clark's father as he tries to help Clark
live with this burden and responsibility
of it to try to instill these values not
by forcing on him but he living it out
himself and hoping his son will follow
in those footsteps Martha Kent played by
Diane Lane walls because a great
performance does this symbol does a
similar thing and it's great to see them
coming together and you see her really
care for her sons you care for him it's
great it's like one of the main reasons
why you like Clark so much and Clark is
reluctant to use these incredible powers
because he feels like he could take
advantage or hurt somebody in the
process he really wants to live those
values that were instilled by his
parents a simple example of this is
Clark has refused to use his powers for
a long time to defend himself in a bunch
of other situations however he does use
his powers to save a bus that is going
underwater and he lifts it out and one
of the guys on the bus is this bully
that's been terrorizing Clark for years
and this changes the bully's entire life
because now he realizes that he
undeserving Lee was spared and forgiven
by Clark who could have just destroyed
him in any moment and it changes his
life forever
you know that's gave me the sense of
personal politics this movie and stop me
if this bothers you in the past too
because this drives me nuts when this
happens in movies and that's when people
impress their importance over others
then we give you example this helping
the poor it's one of the most noble and
amazing and inspiring things you can do
for someone to give your time your
wealth and your influence to help
someone you see in need is completely
admirable and honorable and amazing what
is not so honorable is when you decide
someone needs help and you tell the
government to force everyone else around
you everyone that you disagree with at
gunpoint that you need to take all their
money and all their time the resources
to get whoever who you deem is necessary
of these funds because it makes you feel
better while you do nothing it seems
pretty self grand izing and selfish to
do that when the person's right in front
of you okay now Lois Lane has one of
these scenes in the movie
nuts when this happens this happens all
the time in different movies in the
movie General Zod gives a warning an
edict to everyone on earth saying that
it's hard bring one of his citizens
which technically it is and if they
don't say where Clark is then he's gonna
destroy the planet and everyone on it
everyone's gonna die Lois knows where he
is and she refuses to tell Zod because
she likes the guy they met a few times
and she's like it's worth sacrificing
everyone's life the entire human race
because of my principles because I think
everyone else should suffer because I
like this guy
I don't know it really Sid doesn't sit
well with me and it happens in movies
all the time like no I mean I don't
think Clark would want this first of all
and it's his choice really and that's
what kind of gives me a problem because
I hate what people make choices for the
people however this gives her a great
chance to virtue signal on the entire
planet
now in contrast Clark's role model his
father believes Clark should be careful
as his powers until he's old enough and
wise enough has the experience to handle
the responsibility and build discern
when he should use it and whom he should
use it for he believes this so much that
he gives his own life to give his son
that opportunity and a scene in the
movie Clark's father is in peril he's
about to die and he tells he refused to
let Clark help him because he didn't
want Clark to show his powers off he
believes there's so much that he
sacrifices his own life to protect his
son now that's my principles see the
difference there it's like you deciding
this is important so I'm gonna sacrifice
my life to ensure this happens or I
think this is important so everyone
should die and suffer because of what I
believe mmm yeah
now in faith the faith world this is a
four out of five because this is one of
the most clear christ-like characters
that have ever been put to screen a
god-like being sent to earth for the
sake of mankind lives selflessly not
enforcing his will on anyone and though
he could explores ahead ends up
sacrificing his life to save people that
reject him yeah sound familiar
there's also a great scene in the movie
where Clark is reluctant of the
responsibility in the burden he's gonna
bear when he steps forward to be the
Superman it's almost like let this cup
pass from me moment also when Clark is
wrestling with what he should do if he
should be the Superman and sacrifice
himself he goes to a church and he talks
about not doing it not sacrificing
himself out of reason
or science or any like that it's out of
faith you just have faith and these
people they're gonna make the right
decisions and then one of the reasons I
go back to this film too is we always
talk about why Hollywood to make more
films that relate to us that have our
values I think we should all take a look
back these are values that you or that
you hold dear that are precious to you
that you believe in go give these kind
of movies a second look don't listen to
critics all the time go back and look at
it for yourself because every time you
do you cast a vote for what should be
made next for what actors should move
forward what projects they should take
because every single week you get to
cast your vote as the viewers for what
you want to see more up so if you go to
support movies like this they're gonna
see it go you know we should make more
movies like this we should make more
conservative principled movies more
often also when you go back and get
these DVDs and stuff it really helps the
actors and actresses they choose roles
in the future as well I cannot wait to
continue my series into the DC Universe
to get ready for Justice League coming
out in November next movie in the series
is Batman V Superman Ida right I bet you
can't wait to see me dig into this it
might not be what you expect but to hear
that tune in next week for the next reel
rebel review
you
