I'm tired I just found out that I'm
flying half 6:00 in the morning from
Stansted Nalu loons I just stand still
which I for because it's my own mess up
I thought we were going on Saturday
we're going to Germany for what is the
third year anniversary of pegida which
is a mass organization which
demonstrates about the Islamization of
Germany
what kind tomorrow I need to get my hair
cut
I've got so much stuff today let me
start off with the UM flicking through
before went into the paper just looking
from a local local news man slashed with
knife in outrageous loot and vowed rage
attack okay
now this would have been free white men
slash in a Pakistani Muslim then this
would be described in a very different
way but let's go through a gang slash
salute and drive with a knife after he
signaled at them for driving dangerously
the reason why this spring's to my
attention is because there was a man
called Mark sharp in Luton who a car was
driving erratically like this and he
went like that
now after that they ran their friends
they followed him and in front of his
son when he was going to get a takeaway
they beat him with baseball bats sticks
poles more of them come to cars of them
full of them come they go out with
weapons that he would not go down and
they snapped the knife off in his head
in front of his son whilst he was going
to get a takeaway the victim was in his
car the traffic lights the junction of
Denby Road and bishops quote road for
any of you don't know that is the Sharia
zone within Luton another car a silver
vehicle which may have been a high-end I
overtook them he thought they were drive
their driving was dangerous as a result
he flashed his lights and made a gesture
towards their car the silver car then
stopped free occupants growl of course
never won three always multiple numbers
never won they approached the victim's
car they assaulted him and they slashed
him with a knife it seems like a fair
response to burn them giving them a sign
the offender's has described as Asian
I even saved your job there on your
wedding yeah I don't know why we had it
out I really don't know why we had it
out his story his skis is trying to get
off of the acid for everything you know
the girl what's her name fern and
fellows thrown acid in some lads in the
club he's trying to say saw these men
and even swarm of a little bottle of
liquid so I thought they were spiked in
a ghost drinks and he was the hero who
come to save the day took the took the
liquid off them and he wanted to show
that it was empty trying to go off and
be cool as I was trying to get off from
being cool oh I'll give brownie a break
every day every day billionaire media
mogul Michael Bloomberg blasted Brett
day breaks it as a stupid stupidest
thing any country has ever done he's the
head of a billionaire media mark out
there and here he is saying the most
stupid thing any country's ever done in
history is vote for brixey is that not
something that's completely retarded
thing to say that is the most moronic
thing I've heard someone say think about
what previous world leaders have done
from previous countries all the war all
the chaos order murder or the bloodshed
everything that's happened and he thinks
the most worst things done is pricks ear
not the famine not not starving people
to death
not anything Saddam Hussein as saying
done anything any of these tyrants done
not only think that Hitler done you know
very perplexing what's the worst thing
any country's ever done in history
so says some absolutely market we've got
some stupid story here on those as
already gonna be coming up on him oh
yeah what's going on at our universities
you saw this day there was an MP you
question what they're teaching about
rexair universities and there was this
big uproar about and the reason he was
asking because what it turns out is
eight and ten academics voted to stay
the reason why that is which were a ten
academics and professors in universities
are left-wing yeah it turns out that
within the universities are remaining
universities all the professors that
made it such a hostile environment for
anyone who voted for brixi so even an
MIT voting for brexit now many of these
people many of these MPs many of these
professors you're there to teach say for
example this one man
he's teaching engineering he's teaching
engineering B he's handing out he's
handing out all of these orders all his
literature was given a hundred percent
remains stock brexit posters out that's
not your job your job in that university
is to teach not to promote your politics
so when you go through all of these you
find out that the EU give a billion
pound a year to the universities which
is where it's all stemming down from
which is why they're all becoming such
we have such groupthink in our
universities everyone thinking the same
if you think any differently you have to
remain quiet and be quiet because you'll
be intimidated bullied or even attacked
by some of these left-wing fascists this
this this you know actually says from
this reap from this look at yeah from
this story here she says that the
newspapers are trying to start a race
war that's what she says today from this
story she she makes everybody think
about race everything about color she
says that black people have to work
harder at a university at Cambridge her
whole life is revolved and pushing
herself up on a pedestal around her
being black but yet she focusing
everything it just infuriates me
feminist killjoy behind the campaign and
she's saying by putting her picture up
let me get what she said she said that
they're trying to start a race war she's
on that always unhappy always a victim
accuser and then some what she said is
it's disgusting that some of these rich
middle class students they want you know
like in their little gap bit from
university they're gonna help in Africa
is infuriated her how dare they how dare
they
these middle-class white people were
move to travel abroad from inherent
selfishness I know I probably never babe
she probably never been in a column on
dr. Starsky she claimed that black
people work harder at Cambridge than
white people that there is a racist
comment that there is racist
she is racist she is a racist turn
everything about race while trying to
portray that Cambridge University and
everything else about is racist when
it's clearly not
come on Roberto this female you you
transphobic anyway look I hope she fails
our degree right now America we're gonna
dress them we're going Germany and
you're coming with us if you're watching
this on Tom Robbins show you'll be there
every part of the way you'll be on the
plane with us you'll be off the plane
boss you'll be meeting looks Backman
with us when we land at the other
Airport you'll probably had become and
swimming with us because look at this
this is quite funny a message looks must
big so I leave message me and I've
messaged him saying because he's picking
us up from the airport when we land
we're landing in Prague we're gonna
progress and I miss them or I can we go
what are you talking about but you come
let's give a talk on our event but you
want to go swimming and yes right
because if you've been to Prague Prague
has the best the best indoor swimming
complex going it's got two of them so
whenever I go there like two fitted no
oh tell me that's gonna be quite
difficult for me because as you can
imagine there's millions of things to do
for the birthday celebration so I'm just
gonna come and fetch you and bring you
to Drazen and we're gonna have some
lunch and then I have a lot of things to
do but there's a nice swimming complex
as well anyway we're kind of Dresden
what kind of Prague then we kind of
Dresden you'll be there with us you'll
be watching our speeches the video
you're about to watch tonight of Martin
Sellner from génération identitaire
who we met yesterday we'll be meeting
him and we'll be showing you the biggest
anti-islam rally in Europe in a while
you
you
