and we're very very concerned right now
because Minister Eggen has come out very
strongly saying he's going to enforce
secrecy in schools in fall in the fall
sitting his plan is to prepare
amendments to the school Act we don't
know what they'll look like but we can
guess from different interviews that
he's done that will literally forbid
school staff from communicating with
parents when their children are
attending a club for support around
sexual and gender minority issues and
that will be neh we're talking as young
as five minister Egan has stated the
primary requirement will be that the
child gives permission so we're talking
about children as young as five and he
was even questioned about the
possibility of self-harm or suicide risk
and he even said that comes second to
permission which is crazy we wouldn't
even allow an adult that is struggling
with ideas of self-harm or suicidal
ideation to remain in in in control of
their own care and yet we are telling
staff that they will be forbidden from
including parents into the conversation
so that is the next thing happening in
the fall and it's it's incredibly
disappointing to so many parents who
truly believed that the school act 16.1
around gay straight alliances was about
bringing peers together to support one
another it's now being used as a tool to
alienate children from some of our most
vulnerable students in school and and
it's shocking to me that we're even
having this conversation about
government coming between parents and
children so that's really the big thing
on the horizon that's an excerpt from my
weekly full-length show the gun show on
my show I take on the issues of the day
through my Alberta conservative lens and
I talked to the real news makers the
mainstream media ignores to get access
to my show in all of our other premium
content click the link on the screen to
subscribe today
you
