the UN is blocking us from reporting at
their climate change conference again
this year but don't worry we're fighting
back well friends it looks like we have
another big fight on our hands just to
be able to bring you the cold hard truth
about the United Nations we've been
denied official accreditation for the UN
climate change conference in Bonn
Germany next month but this sort of
denial it's not anything new actually
it's becoming customary for us last year
when we applied for accreditation for
the very same conference although held
in Morocco we were denied the ability to
report because a UN bureaucrat a man
named Nick Nuttall said they didn't
allow activists journalists at their
conference now we know that's not true
the UN allows activists journalists in
all the time with the UN meant to say
was they don't allow sceptical
journalists like me journalists who will
look at these conferences through a
conservative lens and tell you the other
side of the story and show you the
things the rest of the mainstream media
just turns a blind eye to we fought back
of course with your help we hired
lawyers we got letters of support from
the Canadian Association of journalists
and Canadian journalists for free
expression we even lobbied the Canadian
government to defend our right to a free
press to the United Nations our full
frontal assault on the UN worked we were
allowed in eventually and we went to the
conference on our very best behavior
I even landed an interview with Nick
Nuttall that UN bureaucrat who had
originally blocked us from doing our
jobs he seemed to like us he visited
with us most every day that we were at
the conference I actually thought we had
a pretty friendly rapport with him and
we did our jobs surrounded by those
activists journalists I was told the UN
didn't allow in we asked tough questions
of everyone including the Canadian
delegation that taxpayers had paid to
send there and we showed you exactly
what goes on inside these secretive UN
functions the waste the hypocrisy the
all-around weird
yes but the fact that we did our job so
well last year is the very thing holding
us back this year you see it was my
polite but tough questions to the
Canadian delegation that resulted in
someone from the Canadian delegation
complaining to that same UN bureaucrat
Nick Nadal saying that I had harassed
them now I have a pretty good inkling of
who made the complaint I tried to
interview a Canadian Indian chief a man
named Kevin Hart he was part of the
official Canadian delegation sent there
by tax payers and I saw him on the main
concourse sort of holding court and
bashing the oil sands to a bunch of
environmentalists who just didn't know
any better so I did my job and tried to
ask him some questions his press handler
didn't like that very much and escorted
him away okay fine she was doing her job
and I was doing mine later on in the
conference I saw them again so I asked
her for a card instead of giving me the
card she ran away do you know what look
at the exchange and judge for yourself
here you give me a card
are you part of the Canadian delegation
paid for by the Canadian taxpayer any
comment you're part of the Canadian
delegation paid for the Canadian
taxpayer I'm a Canadian journalist
you've ran away from me twice is this
your job as a press secretary is just a
run away from the press like where are
we going the grass is getting long over
here now later on that day Nick Nuttall
came to talk to us about the attempted
interview and request for a business
card he said a woman had made a
complaint but that everything was fine
and that we should continue to remain on
our best behavior we even offered to
show him our footage of the interaction
and he declined fine everything's good
right except now it isn't this year when
we went to apply for accreditation with
the United Nations for the conference in
Bonn we were denied and the reason they
gave us it was due to complaints
received from government delegates at
cop 22 that was last year's conference
concerning harassment did you get that
my own government delegates complained
because I asked someone questions about
what they were doing there the complaint
came directly from a member of my own
government's delegation you saw the
interaction
I didn't harass anyone I've never her
ass to anyone in my whole life and I'm
not about to start now
I only asked questions doing my job
I asked questions they didn't expect
anyone to be asking the government in
the UN are now working together to block
me and my producer from doing our jobs
and holding them both to account what is
the whiner
when is the enforcer it's despicable
it's anti Canadian it's antithetical to
our Constitution and the mandate of the
United Nations to protect freedom of the
press across the world and I know the
Canadian government certainly doesn't
want me there the Environment Minister
Catherine McKenna even complained in a
tweet that I didn't spend enough time
chasing her around Morocco and giving
her favorable coverage as though that's
my job to be her press secretary I mean
really there are in
people in the mainstream media who
already do that for her and I know
Catherine McKenna doesn't want somebody
like me asking anybody hard questions
since she tried to put a gag order on
bureaucrats and First Nations leaders at
last year's Climate Change Conference so
now you know what we've been dealing
with in the background but I want to
tell you that we've been quietly
fighting in the weeks since we were
denied access to the UN conference we
sent emails to NIC Nuttall asking him to
cite any any instances of harassment and
to explain why my producer was being
blocked from going to this year's
conference when she wasn't even with me
at last year's conference in fact we
actually emailed metal twice before we
even got a single reply in his reply
look at this I'm afraid we do not wish
to enter into any more back and forth on
this that's it there was no
back-and-forth let alone any more
back-and-forth we can't even get these
sensors to explain themselves they feel
they don't owe us an explanation they
can just accuse us of things make things
up out of whole cloth and we're supposed
to take it we also wrote letters to the
Canadian Association of journalists and
we wrote another letter to pen Canada
the Canadian Association of journalists
emailed us once for more information we
emailed them back twice since with no
response and pen said they couldn't
weigh in because they didn't know if we
had actually harassed anyone even though
we have the entire interaction in
question on tape I guess they're done
taking on the hard cases these
organizations are meant to defend the
rights of all people so why aren't they
doing their job by defending our right
to report and we've still got our
lawyers working on this but don't worry
my producer and I are going whether the
UN continues to act like North Korea and
keeps us out or if they capitulate
actually do the right thing and let us
in we are still going to Bonn Germany
and we will still do more real
journalism from the outside of the
conference than anybody else there on
the inside but lawyers are
Asli and even though we try to do well
everything on the cheap our trip for my
producer and I to Bonn Germany is still
going to cost several thousands of
dollars if you can help us in our fight
against the UN and for the free press go
to the rebel un com
the UN is not going to stop me from
doing my job and bringing you the cold
hard truth about their Climate Change
Conference in Bonn Germany and we're not
going to let them get away with this
censorship if you can help us in our
fight go to the rebel un com
