racism is a negative thing right what's
racist about this if you told me it was
not perfectly accurate if it for example
might have mixed up decorative elements
from two different Indian tribes I can
see the point but the same thing with
the police men costume or a soldier
costume they probably don't have all the
right insignia but that's the thing this
isn't a historical museum piece it's a
costume for kids on Halloween and want
to have fun I can promise you that not a
single little girl who wants to dress up
as Pocahontas for Halloween is anti
Pocahontas if you were racist against
Indians you wouldn't want to dress up as
a beautiful Indian princess it makes no
sense if you hated Indians why would you
want to be one my high school sports
team back in Calgary was called the red
men and the logo was a picture of an
Indian warrior you don't name your
sports team after something you don't
admire red men was a nod to the
Aboriginal population of Alberta and the
characteristics of courage and physical
power you cheer for your team you wear
their uniform you say go red men don't
do that if it's something you hate of
course political correctness caused the
school to change their logo a few years
ago it's not red men anymore it's the
Red Hawks they spent two hundred
thousand dollars changing the logos in
signs you know you could have spent that
two hundred thousand dollars on say
scholarships for actual Aboriginal kids
but no that's two real-life spend two
hundred grand on a virtue signaling
press release and a rebranding yeah
that's better
here's the other racist costume the
Toronto Star was on about this is the
Rising Sun princess how was that racist
I get that it's not accurate but do you
think a single woman who would want to
wear that and obviously that is a grown
woman there you think there is a single
woman in the whole country who would
wear that if they found it unflattering
or negative in some way are you crazy
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levante show no one leaves
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on you
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always to
interview today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
