well today we have some news from the
province of Quebec that laments the
attack on oil and gas from an economic
point of view and it won't surprise you
to know that this study is done by the
greatest freedom fighters in that
province namely the Montreal economic
Institute and I'm pleased to be joined
now via Skype by Germaine bells ill who
has published a new report called
Canada's oil and gas sector at risk how
excessive taxes and regulations
undermine our competitiveness and we
showed the title of it there just for
Mona's Germain joins us now nice to see
you again
and congratulations on this heavy piece
of research I find it depressing but I
find it hopeful that economists even in
Quebec are saying we're damaging our own
industry just for the sake of some
environmentalist talking points aren't
we and that's absolutely right in fact
this is a big big industry for all of
Canada it's a hundred billion dollar a
year industry that's five percent of GDP
a little less than 200,000 direct jobs
in that industry and not only in Alberta
or Saskatchewan but also in Quebec and
in the Maritime Provinces and all over
Canada in fact well of course everyone
in Quebec drives a car flies a plane too
this just means they'll be getting their
oil either from OPEC countries or by
train from North Dakota
where they frack it so I mean this
actually this cancellation the energies
pipeline there's not going to be a
single Montrealer who doesn't get in his
car today because of that they'll just
be burning foreign oil instead of
Canadian oil am i right absolutely
you're absolutely right in fact there's
a lot of hypocrisy involved here because
in fact most of the GHD missions are
done when we burned the oil in a car or
elsewhere and not when we produce it
there or or ship it and so Quebecers
consume a little less than 200 million
barrels a year and they will still be
consuming just about the same quantity
here
year but it's going to be it's going to
come from foreign countries which very
often don't have stringent environmental
rules as we have here so attack the
environment is not getting better if we
don't produce it here or consume get it
in oil here if you like that sign up
from my show everyday click on the
screen to subscribe
you
