Chrystia Freeland says America's NAFTA
demands are unconventional but I say
hers are downright CRAZY Chrystia
Freeland is Canada's Minister of Foreign
Affairs right now she's accused the
United States of deliberately trying to
undermine the North American Free Trade
Agreement through a series of demands
that she calls troubling now if you
don't remember who Krista Freeland is or
if you're unfamiliar with her specific
negotiation style let me jog your memory
who else remembers when she broke down
in tears after storming out of the
Seaton negotiations after a tiny
European region called Wallonia brought
her to the point of a nervous breakdown
just watch Avant Ave a trifle
reclamation LPN a avec beaucoup de pay
de menthe later
do you never pay the candidate away
anymore I'm a person that monchita later
for me
you Samba every doll Pokemon por la
ca√±ada clean your neighbor ban me pack
up a balloon maintenant that works in a
call ends up national and then attach in
pay
gia devalue seat up obey and come to
Canada mmm
I reckon pay see John killing a book
with the personals come to Canada
okay so that was roughly a year ago is
Freeland any better at her job yet you
know what make up your own mind because
as this most recent fourth round of
NAFTA negotiations wrapped up in
Virginia
Freeland held a press conference where
she said the quote unconventional
demands from the United States are
making her work much more challenging
unconventional demands you say the
Americans are simply asking that we
Canadians quit subsidizing failing
industries here in Canada you know like
giving billions of taxpayer dollars to
Quebec aerospace giant Bombardier when
it competes with American aerospace
giant Boeing for the exact same market
share
the Americans have decided to slap a 300
percent duty on some Bombardier planes
in response to Canada's ongoing unfair
subsidization of them the Americans also
want to be able to import their milk
products into Canada which could serve
to undermine our centrally planned quota
system that stuff all seems pretty
reasonable conventional trade related to
me but Canada's demands frankly they're
right out to lunch and the Americans are
right to be frustrated with us
Freeland has tried to force the United
States federal government to overturn
right-to-work legislation enacted at the
state and local level as part of NAFTA
negotiations it's meant as a thank you
to the powerful liberal supporting
unions in Canada's auto sector that
seems pretty unconventional to me to ask
a foreign government to ignore their own
constitution and impose their will on
state legislators
but the unconventional demands from
Canada haven't stopped there let's go
through some of them together
freelance trade negotiators at the
behest of Trudeau have tried to write
chapters on feminism indigenous and
gender rights into NAFTA how on earth
are these ideas involved in economics
how do they have a place in an economic
agreement they just don't the liberals
have even tried to write a chapter on
environmental standards and climate
change into NAFTA imagine how crazy you
have to be to suggest an environmental
chapter in NAFTA to Trump after he's
gone and pulled out of the Paris Accord
Freeland also wants to make sure that
there's a chapter in NAFTA on protecting
publishing and broadcasting as part of
Canada's cultural identity and this is
directly focused at protecting the
Liberals CBC from competition Canada's
demands are so bizarre that President
Donald Trump has threatened to cancel
NAFTA altogether and who can really
blame him Trump wrote the art of the
deal he notes business he's negotiating
with people who want to turn a
long-running trade agreement into a
social justice gender studies safeSpace
hand-holding party if Freeland wants to
stop unconventional demands she doesn't
have to look much farther than herself
for the rebel dot media I'm Sheila gun
Reid I'm going to the UN climate change
conference in Bonn Germany this year if
you can support our independent
journalism that you won't see anywhere
else go to the rebel un com
