you can't force everyone to participate
in government-run health care and then
change the rules on them can you that's
exactly what happens with all socialist
systems which is what government-run
health care is as Margaret Thatcher
herself once said socialism works fine
until you've run out of someone else's
money private insurance companies health
insurance life insurance car insurance
whatever they don't run out of money
usually because they're always checking
the numbers they bring in incentives
also to make sure you live your life in
a less risky way so for example if you
don't have a traffic accident for a
period of years they might reward you
with lower premiums they'll make sure
you don't give in to what insurers call
a moral hazard as in there's no downside
to bad behavior if someone else is
insuring you so you do the bad behavior
so that's why most private insurance
companies have a deductible the first
few thousand dollars in a car accident
for example you have to pay yourself
before you get to claim insurance just
so you maintain the psychology of not
using a safety neck as a hammock so real
insurance can work but government health
insurance doesn't because it's not
really insurance it's just socialism
calling it self insurance let me give
you a few more facts about this UK ban
and reading from the article now it's
not the entire NHS but the authorities
in a county called Hertfordshire which
has about a million people in it so let
me read it a couple of paragraphs that's
what Hertfordshire is it's a it's a
region the criteria also mean smokers
will only be referred for operations if
they have stopped smoking for at least
eight weeks with such patients
breathalysed before referral Eastern
North Hertfordshire CCG and Hertz
Valley's said the plans aimed to
encourage people I'm quoting from the
story here to take more responsibility
for their own health and well-being
wherever possible freeing up limited NHS
Reed's resources for priority treatment
one last thing from the article both are
in financial difficulty and between them
seeking to save sixty eight million
pounds during the financial year so yeah
this is because they've run out of money
they've run out of other people's money
because it's free right that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levin show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including
always two interviews today and I read
my hate mail just click on this screen
and become a Premium Member
you
