well as you know for about a week we've
been talking about a case of the RCMP
using a questionnaire to ask questions
of migrants just walking across from the
US border into Canada not walking
through proper border checkpoints not
making a proper application to become
immigrants or even refugees just sort of
marching across the world's longest
undefended border now this questionnaire
which we showed briefly on the screen it
looks I won't say homemade but it
doesn't look like a national standard
questionnaire in fact the way of the
Department of Homeland Safety described
at Ralph Carr Dale's ministry is that
this was created by a local RCMP
detachment now most of the questions are
pretty bland as you can see number one
where did you come from why did you not
come to a border crossing how long have
you been in the United States but it
gets interesting about two-thirds of the
way through when they start to ask
questions about Canadian values and
joining us down to talk about this
questionnaire is our friend giddy Mammon
a Immigration and Refugee legal expert
who joins us now on the road at an
airport so we will be respectful of his
time so we don't get you to miss your
plane
get me great to see you again thanks for
joining us thank you for having me ah
now Guinea this questionnaire had a lot
of pretty standard boilerplate questions
that anyone who's travelled from Canada
to the United States or vice versa has
probably been asked at a border
checkpoint I mean they ask questions all
the time but it gets interesting
I think it's question 40 Guinea let me
just read this to you and I'd like your
reaction to the propriety of this
question it's question 31 sorry I got my
numbers wrong here it is
that's rice Canada is a very liberal
country that believes in freedom of
religious practice and equality between
men and women what is your opinion on
this subject how would you feel if your
boss was a woman and then it asks how do
you feel about women who do not wear the
hijab chador do pada niqab or burka so
it it's a little bit different than you
know what's your name your age your rank
kind of thing
it makes a statement about values and
ask people if they are fine with it
it is this question surprising to you
does it seem like it's an appropriate
question for police to ask border
crossers well that's a big question
first of all you have to understand the
circumstances Ezra right now the border
crossing issue as you said is not
happening at a regular checkpoint the
officers that have been dispatched to
this sort of hole in the fence are not
really experienced at vetting refugee
claimants so that's the first thing that
you need to to allow for secondly the
vast majority of those questions have
gone through the questionnaire are very
routine and they are designed to ask
questions that we ask of all people who
are making asylum claims in Canada in
addition to that there are certain
elements of the questionnaire which deal
with the the particular circumstance of
the case why are you leaving the United
States what have you you know have you
what what was your status there you have
any problems there those are catered
exactly to the circumstances then
finally you have question 31 is which is
the one that I think people are most
concerned about is and it asks questions
about what religion you are and if you
are of the Muslim faith what do you
think of these particular practices so
that's a very big question first let me
say as follows if that you have to look
at the purpose for which the question is
being asked because the question being
asked for a racist point of view for a
racist objective is improper so for
example if you're asking people are you
moslem are you Jewish
are you whatever for the purpose of
excluding people on the basis of their
religion that would be offensive there's
no question to that however in the
immigration business and you recall as
you know very well I used to work at the
airport back in 1984 and I remember in
1984 when we were when I was working at
Toronto's Airport we were given special
training because that year the Pope came
to Canada for a visit and so we were
given special training about specific
threats to the Pope at that particular
time
they would provide us with a profile of
the type of person that we should be
looking for who might want to harm the
Pope and of course we went through all
the different political and religious
groups that might be interested in
potentially harming the Pope so every
person who is in charge of border
security whether you like to admit it or
not is in the business of creating
profiles to see if people fit that
profile given a particular threat to
Canada so if you believe for example
that there is a threat to Canada by
virtue of an interpretation of Islam
that is dangerous to our way of life
then it is important to ask that
question because that is the concern
that we have not to do so would not in
my opinion be to conduct a fulsome and
penetrative questioning of people who
may be a security threat to the country
now some of the questions were a little
bit odd but what they were trying to do
is get at the level of religiosity so
that they can assess the level of
potential risk obviously if the person
were to answer the question and the
officer were to believe that they had
very liberal views then maybe that would
be the end of the interrogation but if
they said for example I am where I am
NOT Muslim the officer can still pursue
that line of questioning if he felt that
that was relevant to a legitimate threat
to Canada so back to what I was saying I
think you have to look at why the
question is being asked and before you
can determine whether it's improper or
not yeah well I think it's clear that
these RCMP were not turning back
Muslims first of all they turn back
nobody and second of all it's clear that
the dominant number of border crossers
were Muslim other than the Haitian
example in Montreal so for someone to
say that this was to weed out Muslims is
absurd on the face of it I think you're
right it was to go to what the number
one security threat to Canada is we just
had a Isis terrorist attack in Edmonton
but I like the point you raised which is
we don't normally have RCMP patrolmen
doing
border security work they're not
immigration experts but they've been
thrown into that role because we've
allowed the immigration system to fall
into chaos so the first thing is I think
you have to give the police a break that
these are cops they're not immigration
officers and the second point which you
raise is it would be nuts if they didn't
ask about a Muslim terrorist threat but
getting the Muslim as it so happens
immigration Minister Trudeau I'm at
Husson
has said that this questionnaire will be
banned now do you think there's going to
be a maybe a more slightly better more
artfully worded version of this or do
you think police will just be told you
can't ask any more questions about Islam
and radicalism first of all this is not
an issue of immigration minister border
security is the responsibility of the
Minister of Public Safety Ralph Goodale
I'm not sure why the Immigration
Minister is weighing in on this issue
because as a border security issue
secondly I would say that you're kidding
yourself if you think that this question
in some form or another is not to be
dealt with throughout the refugee
process I've done refugee claims over
many many years and as you know one of
the refugee claim bases for convention
refugee status is religion and I have
attended many hearings where they ask
very probing questions about the
religion that you claim to be if you
were claiming for example that you were
being persecuted in Russia because
you're Jewish they would ask you
questions about your faith to see if you
are in fact Jewish and if the public
would perceive you as being Jewish if
you said you were an ahmadi they would
ask you questions about your Ahmadi
faith to see if you were really an
ahmadi a member of that community
because that is the community that was
specifically being targeted and I have
attended quite a number of CSIS
interviews where even after the refugee
has been accepted
maybe that person comes from a part of
the world where there is a high
incidence of terrorism for example or a
group that is acting outside of
international law and you can bet that a
CSIS officer in in the presence of the
clients counsel is going to be asking
probing
she's far more probing than those that I
saw in that questionnaire now what I
think this is is a public relations
failure but in terms of a security
failure it is not a security failure as
I said when I was working at the airport
we profiled people all the time we took
into account their race their religion
we took into account the season that
they were travelling in the time of year
what the destination was what the
duration of their absence from Canada
was or their plan to visit Canada and we
took all of those things to see if that
person fits a profile that we are
concerned about so for example we were
concerned when we had young women going
to the Caribbean for a couple of days
and returning especially when it was off
season we would suspect that that person
might be a drug courier there's all
kinds of profiles that you could conjure
up which constitute legitimate concerns
for the country of course if the purpose
of the question is to affect the races
outcomes
I don't like blocks therefore I'm going
to exclude you I don't like Jews I don't
like Moslems I'm gonna ask you this
question so that I can exclude you
that's a real problem but as you
mentioned no one was no one was excluded
and those questions may very well go to
the heart of the refugee claim which is
what the CBSA is supposed to do at a
proper screening of refugee claimants
appearing at our border well gee this is
very illuminating I didn't know you
worked at an airport and that's a
fascinating detail of the kind of I mean
obviously if you were screening young
women going to the Caribbean for a few
days she weren't anti women you were
just look worse for their profile for a
drug meal you weren't anti women and
that's the same thing here I don't have
any information that a single migrant
over the last year has been turned back
from Connect Canada's borders at these
non official crossings I I understand
that 50 of them have had their
immigration cases refused but that's not
the same thing as being deported I would
be skeptical if as much as
1% of these cross-border walkers have
been turned back I don't even think it's
1% so this this questionnaire I wish it
was more toothy I think it's just police
trying to do put their finger in the
dike which is you know crumbling I think
that the dam is about to burst last word
to you giddy do you think we're actually
going to stop a terrorist from coming in
or do you think the total chaos of the
system means we really have no border at
all it's a crapshoot
Ezra every single time you allow in a
person into the country from any country
you have a potential security threat I
don't believe that the RCMP were asking
these questions in order to be racist
they were just simply following the
information they were asked to elicit I
don't think the drafter the author of
this questioner was trying to be racist
I think what they were trying to do is
extract information from a person as to
their possible fundamentalism in terms
of the Muslim faith and to determine if
that constitutes a security threat I
think they have a job to do it's not
easy and you can be certain that because
they ask a question doesn't mean that
that question is going to be answered
honestly and even with that answer
even if the officer believes it that
doesn't mean that the answer is true and
even if a person enters into Canada with
perfectly innocent intentions it doesn't
mean that the next day they don't fall
into a community or into a circle which
radicalizes them or changes their
political opinions because that's what
Canada is about Canada is about freedom
and the exchange of political opinions
and the expression of ideas and so they
can come in perfectly innocent maybe as
a young child as a person who wants to
get away from the war the terror they
come to Canada and for some reason they
embrace that philosophy it's a very
difficult job that we're asking their
security people to do and they are going
to have some successes and sadly they
will have some failures Wow giddy I
learned so much for me every time we
talk I'm always so grateful for your
time especially today I know you're
literally in transit yourself at an
airport I thought it was a pretty good
Skype
interview considering we caught you in
the middle of an airport terminal always
grateful to you thank you for your
wisdom and your deep experience I
learned a little bit about you today
that you were helping guard our country
from would-be assassins in 1984 I'm glad
you did your job thanks my friend
thank you my friend all right let's get
giddy ma'am and our favorite Immigration
and Refugee lawyer man who cares deeply
for immigrants and refugees you heard
the man himself he has attended many
refugee application hearings but he also
deeply cares about protecting Canada
from those who wish it harm he's one of
my favorite guests and you can see why a
view like that sign up for my show every
day click on the screen to subscribe
you
