a school board banning a book from the
curriculum is nothing new but one board
has decided that To Kill a Mockingbird
is now novel non grata because the very
important themes Mockingbird deals with
apparently make some people
uncomfortable we live in an increasingly
bubble-wrap society and if something
triggers somebody we can't have that
so rather than having a discussion the
knee-jerk reaction is to banish the
trigger
so goodbye teachable moment and say
hello to the left new best friend self
censorship the latest case in point
comes via the Biloxi School District
according to a story in the Biloxi Sun
Herald after receiving complaints about
a certain word in To Kill a Mockingbird
the school board has decided to yank the
novel what word you ask alas it's a word
like the name of a certain villain in
the Harry Potter series whose name we
dare not utter it is undeniably a
terrible racial slur that one should
refrain from uttering even though the
vast majority of rap songs apparently
can't avoid using this word which rhymes
with a character from the Winnie the
Pooh series in any event
Kenny Holloway the VP of the Biloxi
school district says there were
complaints about to kill a mockingbird
there is some language in the book that
makes people uncomfortable and we can
teach the same lesson with other books
gee I wonder if the sanitized for your
protection replacement book Holloway
speaks of will even be in the same
league as Mockingbird which one appalled
surprise in fiction in 1961 and was
adapted into an oscar-winning film the
following year probably not because
today showing sensitivity to the members
of snowflake nation now Trump's merit in
common sense of note the assassination
of Harper Lee's classic novel has
generated much outrage one eighth-grade
teacher on the school website describes
the new verbo
book as quote compassionate dramatic and
deeply moving to kill a mockingbirds
takes readers to the roots of human
behavior to innocence and experience
kindness and cruelty love and hatred
humor and pathos now with over 18
million copies in print and translated
into 10 languages this regional story by
a young Alabama woman claims universal
appeal end quote
but apparently critical thinking is
under the ban in Biloxi and so it is
that this Mississippi school board
becomes the latest a ban a classical
piece of literature for all the wrong
reasons
worse it's all part of a disturbing
trend so much so that there's actually a
us-based website called bend books week
org that catalogues the number of banned
books in school curricula and school
libraries the list includes classics
such as The Catcher in the Rye The Great
Gatsby in cold blood and I'm not making
this up folks where the wild things are
but that's how they roll down to the
school boards these days if somebody
anybody may be just one person consider
something too obscene or too dark or too
blasphemous well then that book is a
goner and now thanks to Biloxi's edge
you crack co-parents we can add another
reason to ban critically acclaimed
literature namely because it made some
people feel uncomfortable so now that
the Biloxi school board has indeed
killed off To Kill a Mockingbird
all that remains is sourcing a
substitute novel there's so much superb
literature to choose from but I think
that all things considered the most
appropriate replacement would be
Fahrenheit 451 even though I dare say
the tall forehead types who comprised
the Biloxi school district might need a
copy of Cliff's Notes to understand the
inherent themes of Ray Bradbury's novel
a tale that is now less science fiction
and more about present-day reality for
the rebel dot media I'm David the men's
ID Menzies hey folks we have an all-new
fall lineup please go to the rebel dot
medias
last shows and check it out
you
