could the teachings of Islam beautiful
peaceful Islam be the key to solving the
global sexual abuse crisis I'm gonna
tell you why I and some pretty hard data
find that argument absolutely ridiculous
there was an article published recently
an independent out of the UK entitled
how the teachings of Islam could help us
prevent more sexual abuse scandals it
was written by a guy named Kasim Rashid
and let me give you a couple of his
preposterous arguments within first he
starts quoting the Quran Quran for to
first establishes men and women as equal
beings chapter 420 of the Quran then
forbids men from forcing a woman who act
against her will thereby ensuring women
maintain maintain autonomy and
self-determination he then goes on to
tell his story about the Prophet
Muhammad who was sitting with his friend
alpha dal and while Muhammad was sitting
with alpha dal what they called a
strikingly beautiful woman came to talk
to Muhammad about religion an alpha dal
is staring this woman up and down he's
like looking right through her but
Muhammad doesn't scroll the woman for
her dress no he grabs all four dolls
chin and pulls his head away and
admonishes him because Muhammad the
Prophet the guy who had AI think a nine
year old wife cared so much about women
this guy goes on this Kasim Rashid in
this article to condemn Christianity and
all other religions as the root of all
evil and tells us if we're just good
dimmi
if we just surrender to Sharia and live
a Muslim lifestyle the world's ills will
be cured starting with the sexual abuse
of women but the data tells a very very
different story so let's jump right in
let's look at a u.s. news report on the
ten worst countries for gender
inequality all but two on the list are
Muslim nations number ten is Jordan
number nine is Egypt number eight is
Indonesia number seven is Turkey number
six is Iran number five is Malaysia
number four is Algeria number three is
India number two is South Korea the only
two on the list that aren't
predominantly Muslim but I bet if you
dig into the India numbers you'll find
their large mud
population are the worst perpetrators of
this and number one predictably doesn't
surprise anybody is Saudi Arabia
possibly the worst nation in the world
for women's rights 80 percent of the
countries on this list are Muslim
nations but it shouldn't surprise you is
another study from the u.s. Institute
for peace that looked at Afghanistan
told us this is pretty horrible stuff
eighty-seven percent of women in
Afghanistan have experienced at least
one form of domestic abuse sixty-seven
I'm sorry sixty-two percent of women in
Afghanistan have experienced multiple
forms of violence the Taliban is their
strict Muslims right their strict
adherence to Islam in the Koran not a
perverted version by the way they are
strict adherence to Islam
as is Isis so it wouldn't surprise you
that the Daily Mail did a story on a
study that told us and here's the title
I'll read it to you word-for-word
rapists and wifebeaters flocked to join
Isis because the group's systemized
sexual violence appealed to them study
shows the worst of the worst the rapists
and the wifebeaters love that Isis rapes
young girls sells them into sex slavery
uses them as objects owns them as
chattel that's why the worst of the
worst sexual abusers on the planet
joined Isis why many of them did because
the Islamic states treatment of women
it's barbaric horrible treatment of
women appeal to them well this kind of
throws a wrench in old Rasheed's gears
Kasim Rasheed's gears with his arguments
now doesn't it let's go to the World
Health Organization and let's talk about
a topic that gives me chills even
discuss female genital mutilation now
these numbers are absolutely absolutely
mind-blowing absolutely mind-blowing 200
million girls and women around the world
have been subject to female genital
mutilation
200 million I went on and did a little
bit more studying on this issue and what
I found next really blew me away here in
the United States five hundred and seven
thousand girls and women are either at
risk of being cut or have already been
cut in the United States half a million
victims of female genital mutilation in
the u.s. in the constitutional republic
the United States of America this
barbaric practice is taking place due
mainly to Muslim migration there's a
real problem with abuse in the Muslim
community we looked at another article
written believe it or not you know left
left wing Harvard Gazette back in 2010
that begrudging Lee had to admit quote
from 70 to 90 percent of women in
Pakistan are subjected to some kind of
domestic violence a Pakistan is
important to note because the pedophile
scandals we saw in the UK in roachdale
and Rotterdam were primarily Pakistani
perpetrators right these numbers will
also blow you away now in the UK there's
an organization called SIA the child
exploitation and Online Privacy
Protection Center I forget what the P
stands for I work with them back when I
did work with the National Center for
Missing and Exploited Children co-op
does tremendous work they are incredibly
professional incredibly incredibly
professional cops and analysts and in
law enforcement folks from across the
spectrum of investigative disciplines
they do a tremendous job in fact much of
Europe looks to co-op for their own
investigative protocols and their own
enforcement protocols on trial sexual
abuse the C up classifies offenders in
two types type one offenders are
critical those are the offenders who
specifically target victims because of
their vulnerability the numbers are
going to blow you away
75% of recorded type one group abusers
who target victims based on
vulnerability were Asian which is the UK
politically correct buzzword for Muslim
now the Office for National Statistics
estimates that only 7.5 percent of the
UK population is Asian buzzword for
Muslim so the Muslims coming into the UK
are raping children
at a rate 10 times their representation
in the population according to the
British government
compared to whites white offenders were
17% of all offenders and their
eighty-six percent of the UK population
this is epidemic level but the left
continues to sell us this religion of
peace narrative and you're at no more
risk of a migrant from a predominantly
Muslim nation than you are from one from
Ireland or Finland or Australia it is
absolute nonsense it's putting women at
risk it's putting children at risk and
we have to put an end to it we have to
put an end to the political correctness
and we need to protect the most
vulnerable I'm John Cardillo and if you
find this content as compelling and
critically important as I do please
subscribe to our premium service at wwww
forward slash shows I'll be back with
you tomorrow have a great one
you
