begorrah and say it ain't so
Ireland has decided to officially honor
a terrorist wow what a year 2017 has
been in terms of terrorists hitting the
jackpot
back in July our own homegrown jihadi
Omar Khadr was presented with a ten and
a half million dollar paycheck and a
public apology and now across the pond
Ireland has released a postage stamp
depicting the image of Che Guevara oh
it's true it's true but the question
arises what's the deal with honoring an
Argentinean born Marxist gorilla who
terrorized Cuba in the first place well
the extensible albeit ludicrous policy
reason for the che stamp is that Shea's
father Ernesto Guevara Lynch was a civil
engineer of Irish descent
Papa Guevara told an interviewer in 1969
that quote the first thing to note is
that in my son's veins flowed the blood
of Irish rebels end quote the other
Irish connection is that the iconic
image of Che was rendered by Dublin
artist Jim Fitzpatrick okay now I get
the idea of the Irish having a
rebellious history and fighting spirit
and certainly that beret clad image of
Che gracing t-shirts on campus continues
to be a strong seller even though it's a
safe guess that most of the kids wearing
those shirts have no idea who Che
Guevara was or what he stood for but
anyone who has indeed studied history no
che was a cowardly murderer they didn't
call him the butcher of la caba√±a for
nothing and tenuous links aside why the
Irish government would issue a che stamp
commemorating the 50th anniversary of
this lugs death it's downright baffling
that's because Ireland is a Western
democracy beholden to capitalism in
other words just the sort of place che
guevara would have actually despised and
plotted against little wonder that
representative Elena
Ross let Ian a Havana born Cuban
who represents the Miami area slam the
Irish stamp is being quote a grotesque
insult to the many lives he slaughtered
end quote
indeed whatever happened to the days in
which democracies would put heroes on
postage stamps as opposed to thugs
still if Ireland is so bloody desperate
to honor those with links to the Emerald
Island there are certainly far less
odious characters than Che Guevara how
about this guy crunchy old cereal with
marshmallow surprises pink hearts yellow
moons autumn stars green clovers and
blue diamonds must be delicious bags yes
why are those kids always after those
lucky charms and maybe because it's part
of a good breakfast that's magically
delicious
now if lucky isn't the charm maybe these
Irishmen could grace a Stamper to you so
very kind to everybody in this time of
the year that we need an epoch on stock
in our own special way mind you
yes a more solid gold can con courtesy
of the Irish Rovers and those awesome
circa 1973 CBC production values finally
if the government of Ireland absolutely
insists on a postage stamp featuring an
Irishman who's into murderer mayhem
surely this guy Trump Che Guevara hey
after all if you're gonna actually go
out and kill somebody at least be a
little creative about it right as for
our future postage stamp ideas let's all
collectively hope that the powers that
be in Ireland steer clear of the
Jameson's and the Guinness next time
they decide to have some sort of a
brainstorming session for the rebel dot
media I'm David the men's ID Menzies hey
folks we have an all-new fall lineup
please go to the rebel dot media slash
shows and check it out
you
