today on mark Latham and now Hillary
Clinton's in the Australian media asking
what happened well what happened was
that she was completely delusional in
campaigning in a fashion that didn't
offer anything no policies no hope no
encouragement no results for the key
part of the American electorate the
working-class communities in the
rust-bucket states that had lost their
jobs and lost their economic
opportunities this had been the
Democratic Party base and Hillary
Clinton totally overlooked them in fact
she went out of her way to call them
deplorable you know the routine their
racist Islam affair became a favicon she
went calling the Democratic Party based
deplorable no wonder she lost and of
course she's been in a total state of
delusion about it she's back in the
Australian media now with an interview
with the far-left journalist Sarah
Ferguson on our far left ABC public
broadcaster where she's adding to her
long list of people she's blaming she
blames everyone but herself she's blamed
Bernie Sanders the electoral college
sexes and the Russians are now she's
even picking on an Australian Julian
Assange
I think Assange has become a kind of
knee allistic opportunist who does the
bidding of a dictator he's a hero in
Australia because he's a person who
believes in free speech and the public's
right to know he did all the work in the
American election the journalist if I
weren't too busy acting as a cheese
squad for Hillary Clinton the signs did
the work that the journal should have
been doing in exposing the deep cynicism
of the Clinton campaign through those
John Podesta the emails in exposing the
corruption of the Clinton Foundation the
staffers they're even described it as
Clinton Inc
Clinton incorporated they were
laundering that much money out of it
Bill and Hillary Clinton for personal
purposes and of course they exposed the
way in which the Democrat machine had
backed Hillary Clinton given her inside
running unfairly over Bernie
and us through the primary season so
Hillary Clinton's got no right here to
be describing Julian Assange as a tool
of Russian intelligence II did what
journalists should have done if you get
the information put it out in the public
arena and of course among the
journalistic elites in the United States
are so obsessed with Donald Trump Trump
was on the front page the whole time and
whatever WikiLeaks was putting out there
was buried on pages 4 & 5 so it's not a
good reason for why she lost the
election but I tell you what this
interview by the far-left journalist
Sarah Ferguson tells you everything you
need to know about the fake news media
and the massive decline in journalistic
ethics now on Australian commercial
radio FM station Sarah Ferguson was
asked that she put some tough questions
to Hillary Clinton about Bill Clinton
and the response was no I think she's
been through enough imagine that a
journalist who's so little objectivity a
journalist with so few ethics and a
determination to put hard questions had
nopal Hillary she's been through enough
that's what she said no Hillary Clinton
has been through enough Sarah Ferguson
you're a fake journalist that a fake
news outlet just acting as a cheer squad
sick of Fanning Li clapping and
applauding and and and and patting
Hillary Clinton on the back rather than
asking the tough question so it's a puff
piece we've got here what's happened
what's happened is that the fake news
media have lost the plot by act as a
cheer squad instead of acting according
to the public interest with objectivity
and tough questions that's what's
happened Hillary Clinton's delusional of
support as a delusional a chic they
think she's somehow a president in exile
all she is is a delusional failed
candidate who's lost the plot and
hanging out with people like Sarah
Ferguson ain't doing you any good
Hillary I can guarantee you that on Mark
Latham for rebel Australia and if you
like this video share it with all your
friends on social media and sign up to
all our programs at rebel Australia at
mark Latham's outsiders calm
you
