today all my clay then when we've caught
them out Mozilla with rank hypocrisy on
the internet now this is what I'm
talking about have a look at the Firefox
home page here Firefox the browsers are
owned by Mozilla they're saying that big
corporations want to restrict entry fake
news and filter bubbles are making it
harder for us to find our way online
bullies are silencing inspired voices
are they indeed and they go on to ask
for donations to support the programs to
keep the internet healthy free and open
for for all of us and you can see the
range of donations there now at Mozilla
it just raises the question if they're
all about freedom and the rights of the
citizen on the Internet and beyond what
about Brendan Eich he was forced out of
as the head of Mozilla in 2014 for doing
nothing more than exercising his
democratic right as a citizen to donate
a thousand dollars that's it a thousand
dollars to a traditional marriage
campaign part of a squabble there in
California as to whether or not they're
going to ban or legalize same-sex
marriage so for a company they kicked at
CI one of its founders out because he
exercised his religious freedom his
democratic rights to make that donation
for them to be lecturing us about
freedom and asking for money how rich is
that Mozilla you put in a shocker here
it's rank hypocrisy can't it's a double
standard
you really should pull your head in I'm
Mark Latham for revel Australia now if
you like that video please share it with
all your friends on your social media
and sign up to our rebel Australia
activities at mark Latham's Outsiders
com
you
