after six long years Curb Your
Enthusiasm one of the best sitcoms ever
has returned but not everybody's happy
well Curb Your Enthusiasm is back in in
case you're unfamiliar biz The Improv
brainchild of Larry David the co-creator
of Seinfeld anyway not everyone is happy
about herbs return for example Toronto
Star columnist Johanna schneller thinks
curb should be curbed the reason alas
it's the comedic themes inherent to Curb
Your Enthusiasm apparently they're just
way too politically incorrect for 2017
now in its eighth season run Curb Your
Enthusiasm emerged as one of the most
brilliant in groundbreaking sitcoms a
big reason for this was that curb grader
Larry David would tackle subject matter
nobody else would even dare touch and if
you're not familiar with curb check out
this excerpt that simultaneously deals
with two subjects Halloween and Islamic
fundamentalism what are you wearing what
is this no outfit no costume no okay you
know what I want to change your costume
what I don't like that costumey
I have my reasons another costume is
gorgeous yeah and our getting ready for
this I don't have anything else to wear
not so excuse me I've got just the thing
dreams boost is burka just back from the
dry cleaners you're going as an Islamic
fundamentalist
it's hot in this thing
what the else Alma go back to your
own country
brilliant now nothing was off-limits
when Curb Your Enthusiasm ran from 2000
to 2011 but yet this the Toronto Star
schneller thinks the world has moved on
in the past six years all of which makes
Curb embarrassing to watch these days
well according to her at least by the
way
Chanel errs title at the red star is
media connoisseur who zeroes in on pop
culture moments you know that's exactly
the kind of presumptuous title Larry
David would skewer in a curb episode
assuming anyone living north of Bloor
Street actually knows who Johanna
schneller is the irony inherent in
Ehlers criticism of the relaunch of the
show is stunning
curbs bailiwick is to push the envelope
when it addresses allegedly taboo
subjects but schneller feels that such
bravery makes the show completely out of
touch due to a lack of PC sensitivity in
a way she does have a point of view hang
in a progressive circle and you don't
subscribe to the tyranny of political
correctness well then by definition you
are out of touch and thus you shall be
shunned or pilloried yet how curious
that Larry David himself is as liberal
as they come but he's a classical
liberal and those are different from the
leftist in a number of ways one of which
is that classical liberals still for the
most part champion freedom of speech so
Larry at least has the honesty to scream
BS when he sees the bovine fecal matter
piling up with in the barnyard a
political correctness and that makes
Curb refreshing and funny indeed when it
comes to the world of comedy the people
who are really completely out of touch
are schneller and her ilk who failed to
comprehend that the very best comedy is
derived from taking risks comedy
beholden to political correctness is not
only unfunny it's boring sadly as time
passes it seems more and more subject
matter is indeed becoming taboo what was
hysterical and yesterday Cade is now
considered verboten today
earlier this month Jerry Seinfeld noted
that one of the funniest episodes of the
Seinfeld series entitled the cigar store
Indian would never make it past the
pre-production stage today this 1993
episode featured a storyline in which
Jerry inadvertently keeps offending a
native woman he's dating it's hilarious
check it out
that's very nice thank you very much
wait out loud I I don't think we had a
little fight this afternoon let's bury
the hatchet we smoke and peace bye
it's late I really should go I don't
blame you Winona
it's kitschy we know not it's a Native
American now in the final analysis the
cigar store Indian episode wasn't about
mocking natives it was all about
skewering political correctness and
again the irony is profound political
correctness has intensified so much in
the past 25 years that mocking political
correctness today is itself too
politically incorrect well at least in
the eyes of the progressives bottom line
regardless of schneller zoso sensitive
sensibilities i see the type of humor
served up in both Seinfeld and Curb Your
Enthusiasm shouldn't be shelved or
shunned in fact given the madness
inherent to our increasingly stupefied
snowflake society this is exactly the
sort of humour that we need more than
ever before for the rebel media I'm
David the men's ID Menzies hey folks we
have a whole new fall lineup please
visit the rebel dot media slash shows
and check it out
you
