if you are watching this please share it
it's about Chris you may have seen a
video I'll turn around some people's now
are they just about coming in and what I
want to be on camera so it's about Chris
you've just seen a video with just power
now Chris was in the Navy for 34 years I
just want to give you some details of
what's going on there because it's
unbelievable when I've gone and met them
and heard their story Chris has served
for 34 years and 18 months before the
end what 18 months ago he had a stroke
now rather than medically discharged him
when it was clear that he wouldn't be
able to work again Chris can't use his
whole left side of his body still now
he'll probably never get the regain the
feeling in his left leg or his arm he
can't speak he can say two or three
words he cannot speak now rather than
medically discharged him what they did
is after six months have been in that
position they dropped him down so he was
a chief for the last eight years he was
a chief that was his pay grade as a
chief in the Navy they dropped him down
to a petty officer so he's on less pay
so then when they finish him but they
sat him in a pretty much vegetable state
in his military home he sat there for 18
months he just sat there well for the
last six months riding out the contract
rather than medically discharging they
just let him sit there so then when it
comes to being medical when it comes to
his then the end of his time he gets his
pension
he gets the pension of a petty officer
not a pension of a chief which he won't
should have been he gets the pension of
a petty officer now if you're medically
discharged you don't pay tax on your
pension now in a situation later when a
man served 34 years for the Navy for our
country when such a devastating
situation he's come into you think that
go over every way they can to help
everything they can to make it the best
for him
oh no and after doing this is another
thing they do after doing this
he has his final day he's still employed
now is the night in the Navy still sat
there now isn't in the Navy he has his
final day coming up 28th 26th of October
so the uniform that he's wore for last
eight years is that of a chief they rang
up his missus and said you'll have to
cut the buttons off you'll have to cut
the buttons off of you uniform because
you you petty officer now now when she's
told Chris this because Chris is still
in up here but car hasn't got any
movement hasn't got any so when Chris
has been told it's quite his eyes out
he's a proud man he's finished last
eight years as a chief and you've just
absolutely taken liberties with him and
then when you talk and then it when it
comes to housing so explain the housing
situation to you Chris Islands are flat
in Telford okay he set it up for sale
for six months bearing in mind Chris
can't do anything he can't even speak so
trying to sort this situation out it's
pretty hard for him
and isn't it and his wife we're not mr.
Puppies part of the Mandy that the watch
they've bit what they're going through
they don't need added problems okay so
she they've got this flat for sale now
if they didn't own this flat if they
didn't own this flat then they'd be able
to go to the local council and say we
need housing okay Chris is Chris is
going to be disabled now for the rest of
his life Chris is in this situation for
the rest of his life so we need help but
because they own a flat they can't do
that
so trying to sell the flat they have no
equity in the flat the flat selling for
seventy five thousand pounds is the to
bed flat okay it's on the third floor
now what they're telling them is go to
your flat he can't walk he cannot walk
you expect a man who's in this situation
whose only support base fairly mighty
needs twenty he mainly support full-time
he keeps telling what to kill himself
his only support is in Portsmouth where
he lives where his family are where his
partner is where their kids are it's in
that area they needs his support base
but they say no go up and go to Telford
on the third floor of a flat and he
can't do that and he shouldn't have to
do that now so when now
trying to sell the flat now rather than
rather than the military rather than the
Navy be considerate about this they're
evicting him so what most is wife Scott
whoa whoa his partner his family I've
got all this going on they then get a
letter saying you're going to be evicted
from your home on the state and then the
Navy then they come and say oh look
we'll let you stay another couple of
months yeah well let you stay another
couple of months but you can't stay
there in military rate you're now civil
rate so you're now paying you double
what you were paying okay so now you
have to look at his pension so if he
gets if it wasn't a pension of a chief
it's more but he's on that now now of a
petty officer so if his pension is say a
thousand pound a month and he has to pay
tax on that yeah
so it's game what 800 pound a month as a
pension he's got to cover them the
mortgage his rent that the military now
want the charge him is more than that
he's renting out more than his rings now
more than his pension he's Rick but but
if he hadn't if he would have been given
the pension of a chief and the pension
would not have been taxed because he
would have been medically discharged he
would have got further support and
further help and you know what after 34
years the service for your country you
don't treat someone like that you cannot
treat someone other that's why if you've
watched the video or arm asking there's
a meeting now on the 16th for this month
and in that meeting they're going to be
the top brass is from the Navy and it's
a meeting that him and the person in
charge of his situation they're all
going to be having then they need to
reverse what they've done the original
reason they give for why wasn't
medically discharged because there's a
backlog because there's a backlog well
that's not his problem is it that's not
his problem there's a backlog what so he
ends up worse off for the rest of his
life and you know what you know I'll
meet the family I'll meet the man and he
sold this harmon in this song
frustrating and unmarked so I've gone
off on a run now cuz he's an absolute
Liberty what's happened to this man he
gives faithful years service for our
country and then he cannon when he needs
when he needs help more than anything
else he's given the boom and stuck out
on the scrap heap and not just that you
caused him further psychological
problems by telling them you're making
them homeless and anyway this and you
know what general I met his missus so I
said to her and they
is where this is where the problem comes
with all the people I've meeting some
people under the message of what they're
saying under the video it's gonna are
another sob story Oh someone wants money
huh when I met them when I met them I
first sat there and after hearing her
story in here and how worried she was
how worried they are about being
homeless I said to her which I was good
I said to her I assure you if you get
booted from you or if they think they're
booting you off from your home in
January and you've got nowhere to go I
guarantee you will find your years money
for a home I guarantee you until your
flat cells until you're in a situation
where you can go to the capsule and get
home I guarantee you will house you I
guarantee you the people at home will
house your guarantee the British public
will support that now that was the first
thing I thought about doing but then I
thought you know what cuz the backlash
all the time the people moan all the
time all look so I mean so so then we've
got we've gone with a petition and the
reason for the petition they said that
we can try first of all try to let the
Navy sort out the problem try to let the
Navy see they're wrong they'll try to
let them see how they should have helped
this man and try to see that they
medically discharged him and give him
everything that he not that he that he's
earned he's earned that he's earned that
he that and this how many other people
just happened to in the military who had
just being treated like this I knew seen
a man and sit in his own man and sit in
his I miss he's still living in a
military home now his base is still in
the military home now and they're still
in there and it's just outrageous but if
I can ask you if you're angry by that if
it's annoyed you if frustrated you sign
the petition there's a petition we've
got it's on just put the website on this
is a does it save Chris help Chris help
Christo at UK and he needs people
support and to no watch no he hasn't
even been able to argue any of this and
if even when they dropped him down to
pay officer he can't argue because he
can't speak because he's in a vegetable
state from from a stroke and they're
just taking the piss out of him they're
taking the piss out of him there and so
that's it so if you can sign a petition
because I'm gonna I'm going to
personally deliver that petition and you
see if if he if he's not given his
medical discharge which he's earned
which he deserves if he's not given that
which will seem a better position for
the rest of his lot remained in life no
matter how difficult is life's already
going to be
it's already gonna be difficult he
deserves it he deserves help not things
put in the way and if he's not and even
if they don't they won't start campaign
will start campaign will start campaign
to help him to support him to get him
what he needs
Joanne he he done he done I believe ten
months ahead Lee cool and then because
he's coming to the end of his time
because it wasn't medically discharged
or because he's coming tentative time he
has to go into that the civil then yeah
now ahead Lee caught his family said the
the improvement they saw with speech
therapy with all the different things
they improvement they saw they saw him
improve him improve improve him then
they kicked him out and they told him
you're out and then he's gone back down
it shouldn't have that should have a bit
help he needs he served our country for
34 years somewhere else this is where it
gets even worse so I didn't tell you in
that piece in that video cuz it was too
short to let you know he was stressed at
work okay he was stressed at work so he
was working in Liverpool now he come
back down to Portsmouth and sit
explained about the stress and pressure
he adds at that position because there
was someone giving him a very hard time
not gonna name no names but someone
giving him a hard time it's been bullied
at work yeah so he's come down he's
explained the situation he said can I
get a relocation they didn't give him a
relocation six weeks late with drops
with a stroke you know what they're
saying it wasn't work-related
it wasn't work-related of course it's
work-related the man was only the man
was begging for a movement but you
didn't give him a movement and they're
not even after all of that you don't
hold your hands up you don't give him
any any leeway you just treat him like
you just get out leave get out of the
house get out of the military go ah piss
me off anyway sawing it Sheriff sign of
you just watch the video it's the video
I'll endure this is on my linked woman
on the Facebook share it and let's try
and I said and so many people are seeing
so another software yeah he's a sob
story because there's loads of stop
stories out there there's a lot of
people who need help out there and it
pissed when I read comments under that I
just think you scumbags
you haven't sat there with that family
you haven't had to sit down listen to
him see them cry see the man see the son
hear hear hear them and you know what
there's more you can drawn and this is
wrong this is wrong hey this is wrong
what's happened to it so again if you
can sign it give it a sign give it a
share
keep following could I'm gonna keep you
up-to-date I'm gonna go down the 16th
and hopefully the Navy through the
pressure it's not free the pressure of
me it's free the pressure for you every
one of you that sawing that it's another
name it's another name that they realize
it's not happy it's another cat part of
a campaign though hopefully they listen
so yeah thank you anyway but yeah Chris
needs your help man
Chris needs you he'll go to help Chris
Koegel UK
