did you catch that part where he
acknowledges he does this a lot
he says it's something he's used to of
course he is now this wasn't a secret
when it happened look more than two
years ago look at this story it made the
gossip column in the New York Post but
it went away
an army of publicists were deployed to
say that the model wanted it she has low
morale she sleeps with anyone rumors
were regurgitated about her a bit of an
embarrassment for Weinstein but nothing
more but you heard that audiotape and so
did police it was their tape
so why was enacted wasn't an acted upon
I wonder if it has anything to do with
the tens of thousands of dollars that
lawyers associated with Weinstein
donated to the district attorney in
question he's a Democrat named Cyrus
Vance jr. here's the story quote in the
months after Vance's decision not to
charge Weinstein a lawyer for Weinstein
donated $10,000 to Vance's reelection
campaign the layer the lawyer David
Boies had donated more than fifty
thousand to Vance since 2005 and his son
in law firm a son and law firm partners
have donated a hundred and thirty
thousand more to the district attorney
yeah no wonder young actresses shut up
and took it Lisa bloom the feminist
lawyer for Weinstein until a day or two
ago was working to smear any critics and
here's a report that Weinstein's new
lawyer
another feminist Democrat is being hired
for the same reason to smear the
accusers oh but he's really really sorry
people he's off in Europe getting
tutored or something look they're all in
on it
you'd think Harvey Weinstein would be
grist for the mill for the comedian's at
Saturday Night Live for example he's fat
he's ugly he is a famous temper and it's
all to do with the world of celebrity
and show biz that's their world that's
the world of comedy and he's clearly a
bastard and it says unfeminist and his
conduct as possible but they ignored him
I mean put yourself in the shoes of a
comedian
would be a feast to go after Harvey
Weinstein but the ignore him in Saturday
Night Live as did most of late-night
talk-show hosts all of them Democrats
wine well according to the boss of
Saturday Night Live
Lauren Michael Lorne Michaels it's uh
it's because um he's from New York
really is that now a reason not to make
fun of someone because they're from New
York what does that even mean
Donald Trump is from New York they they
don't ignore him that's not even a thing
to ignore people from New York that's
made up it's almost as if the casting
couch might exist in other celebrity
showbiz offices - that's an excerpt from
my daily TV show the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
