a number of hours ago 2 o'clock 3
o'clock in the morning which is 8 p.m.
New York time I was due to give a speech
to Columbia University because of this
the left the far left all these
organizations who keep trying to
suppress and prevent me speaking in this
country tried the same there if you can
ourself why would they do that why do
they why don't they want you to have a
platform anyone is watch Marx mode Union
speech knows why they don't want us to
have a platform it gives us an
opportunity an opportunity to put across
our argument our argument of course has
the truth on its side so it will win
hearts and minds of the public we will
win over supporters that's what I've
been doing for 10 years so they wanted
to stop it and they wanted to stop it
under the banner that I was a white
supremacist you couldn't get further
from the truth
I'm an white supremacist just complete
lies now I want you to just understand
focus I told what some of these
protesters have a watch of them they're
like Androids they're like zombies
walking around it's and this is such a
worrying thing it's such a worrying
thing for the future of America that
this is the the concept of the people
who are seeking education that the most
vocal in the universities across your
country the same problems here now the
speech I was due to give which is an
hour long speech looks in-depth at the
University situation in the UK and in
America with Islam with jihadis and with
the combination and the joining hands of
the left the left and the Islamists and
the problem and destruction this is
going to cause us I was unable to
actually give that speech because the
whole was taken over with these
protesters they were causing chaos when
you watch the videos as I said you've
taken away all of these people's
identity you're not allowed to be proud
to be American you're not allowed to be
you don't have to be male or female you
boy you're genderless you you're not
allowed to be any of these things they
were walking around like anti-racist
like zombies they look like zombies
all I was gonna do I'll give a reasoned
argument my speeches are means nothin
but anyway what happened instead was
when I went in there taken over the hall
they were screaming those who have seen
these so if I'm not gonna waste my time
attempting to give an hour-long in-depth
articulate talk on the problems we face
so I thought you know what I'll open up
questions up to them
let's hear some questions from them let
me hear their opposition Jesus I wish
hadn't done that every question was
about white supremacy in Nazism it's not
why are you talking about guerre great I
don't even talk about those issues I'm
not even involved in those issues in
fact I stand against those two issues I
have always have I'm basically this is a
short video just to explain what
happened cuz I was just about to give I
was just about to do the talk but you
know what after my last video went out
yesterday I see so many people saying I
look drunk and if I said I look drunks
I'm sad I'm absolutely exhausted and
rather than sitting now trying to talk
to you I cry a bit because I'll know my
kids school play first I'm gonna go to
bed because even last night say I was up
til 3 o'clock then I stayed up till 4
half for probably went a bit about 5:00
and I was up at 7 to go to work so I'm
knackered so that's it
you'll get this speech this speech is
coming then plus I want to put a suit on
so I look a bit smart trying to change
my image and on that speech move you
tomorrow all they're gonna do is the
same again if they wouldn't have done
this every time they do it if they would
not have done this either give a speech
to a group of Republicans maybe 50 maybe
a hundred maybe 200
and that's it but instead now hundreds
of thousands of people gonna watch your
speech it's going to be spread
everywhere it's gonna go all over the
globe so your attempt to suppress and
silence people it just doesn't work it
does not work as but obviously effect
and to know what I left that I left last
night after that brief attempt to talk
him
with admiration for the men and the
women that attempted to organize them
and I'm real really felt a sense of
respect to the Republicans in there I
realized how hard it must be
and how intimidating it must be to be a
Republican or conservative in a
university in America which is absurd
it's absurd the fear and I've looked
through and seeing the tactics they were
using the pictures they were sending and
in fact let me read this while I'm on it
let me read this it I know it's gonna be
a bit longer than I expected
let me read you because this really
should pull up the hearts of every one
of you hey Tommy not sure if you
remember I was in attendance as you
spoke at Cambria last year unfortunately
this has become the new normal here on
campus I used to attend Republican
meetings and events now I can't even go
for me and so many others others
jeopardizing our grades our friends our
reputation and potentially our safety is
not even a worth anymore there are a
surprising number of us on campus but we
avoid confrontation and published
publicly avoiding our political views
for one very sad reason nothing will
change and the Hat the virtue and the
hate that people the virtue and the hate
that people like those that protest you
tonight is so powerful they will not
allow for anything a conservative
Republican or even a classical liberal
Saves to be entertained this is a real
sad state of affairs for America it's
not just America's for Britain as well
but for the universities for the
education system for the future of
three-for-three thinking we're creating
people just they don't free think
they're part of a mass left organization
that just screams racist like robots and
androids anyway I'm glad I'm garbade but
you'll get the full speech when it comes
and and it'll be something that all you
left this and all you people there you
should have really listened to because
it's going to go into depth and show you
how bad the problem is in British
universities and your universities again
to the Republicans they invited me to
speak Fair Play chew on my picture I
have a new show launched him it's going
to called the Tommy Robinson show please
go to Tom Robinson comm it's gonna be a
lot more content like this we need your
support please go to Tom Robinson comm
and support my new show
