it was a message I think it was a very
clear message it was a message from the
President of the United States look he
said at this assembled power they were
peaceful they worried about to have they
were at a dinner in the White House but
what he was saying is don't mess with
America but what President Trump has to
do what any president American president
right now would have to do to try to
deal with us if the if he's not going to
go immediately to war would be to send a
message that would be believed to
reestablish the huge amount of
credibility that was squandered by
President Obama when he erased the red
lines in Syria and deferred to China and
promised and delivered flexibility to
Vladimir Putin and Russia and so on
America became a power that had an
enormous military but it was very hard
to believe that America would use it for
anything except perhaps leading from
behind to leave Libya as a terror
infested chaos so he's trying to send a
message I think and I'm would I would
virtually guarantee this is how it was
read in places in the capitals of China
Russia Iran and especially North Korea
that he's serious that if North Korea
continues to define him he's he may well
do something with that enormous military
where he's assembled a lot of firepower
out there as he was speaking the
aircraft carrier Ronald Reagan had made
a port call in Hong Kong which is China
unfortunately and was steaming towards
South Korea for exercises again this has
been done before but the question is how
to make North Korea believe that it's
not just posturing that they are serious
risk if they carry on of actually being
struck a view like that sign up for my
show every day click on the screen to
subscribe
you
