and here's total si that's the big
French oil and gas company they're
investing in Iran four point eight
billion dollar investments so you've got
coal going full guns you've got oil
doing great in ethical jurisdictions
like North Dakota and Texas and in OPEC
conference diction's terrorist
jurisdictions like Iran here's a
headline from July so eight months after
Donald Trump became president Iran is
signing so many deals you can't even
keep up as in Trump hasn't stopped them
one hundred two hundred billion dollars
in new oil deals the article said so oil
is back big-time demand is at a record
supplied as a record unemployment seems
to keep going up everywhere you look
huge investments going on billions of
dollars except in Alberta except in
Canada
we're nose-diving that's a survey of oil
and gas investors who say no one's crazy
enough to put money in Canadian oil
these days no one Rachel Notley and
Justin Trudeau are in charge what are
you nuts I showed you that total is
investing 4.8 billion dollars in Iran
well so town just pulled out of a
massive deal they had in Alberta so
total si literally thinks it is less
risky to be in Iran a crazy theocracy
that is building nukes that threatens
war with Donald Trump and vice versa
totale thinks that is a less risky place
to put their money than in Canada today
I went to Jo Taos website and I went
through some of the countries they work
in you can click and I click on that
Middle East tab there in Iraq there in
Yemen have you heard of those places
they are countries literally in some
Wars right now and so tel thinks they're
better bets then you Canada from a risk
point of view that's nuts
billions of dollars are being yanked out
of Canada here's one company explaining
why some of them just say all we like
you but we're leaving here's cocoa one
of the biggest private companies in the
world they say and I'm quoting here the
longer-term economic risk of the project
is further burdened with regulatory
uncertainty around the climate
Leadership Program and its potential
impacts on the project from carbon tax
to the emissions cap both recently
legislated by the Alberta government
unquote that's an excerpt from my daily
TV show the Ezra Levant show normally
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
