when Calgarians visited the circle the
wagons festival earlier this month they
surely noticed it was sporting a new
name for this food beer and music
festival is now simply called circle
evidently the term circle the wagons is
yeah you guessed it culturally
insensitive
we're all familiar with the term circle
the wagons it dates back to the Wild
West days when those in a wagon train
would literally circle their wagons to
protect themselves and their livestock
from attacked by hostile natives post
wagon train days the phrase lives on as
a metaphor for a defensive strategy do a
google new search as I did the other day
and you will find reams of stories that
contain the phrase circle the wagons
sometimes even in the headline for
example from salon.com Trump's White
House begins to circle the wagons and
from the Burlington Times Tar Heels
fedora says circle the wagons score more
TDs and on and on it goes but apparently
last year some people or some person
complained that calgary circle the
wagons festival was triggering because
it hearkened back to the dark old days
of colonialism a cbc news story quotes
bran faber the director of circle the
wagons who had this to say quote i don't
think we would have ever named the
community event knowing that it was
offensive or could be to some people end
quote
faber went on to the note that the
complaints ranged from blunt to
educational but all carried the same
message namely that the phrase is
offensive to indigenous people really
and how does changing this name change
anything for natives living on reserves
today do the vast majority of them even
care let's keep in mind that circling
the wagons was a defensive not offensive
strategy and it was being conducted to
avoid being ventilated by arrows as well
for the organizers of the Calgary
festival the name was originally meant
to be a play on words pertaining to the
fact that all three founders had
stylized wagons oh and who are these
people raising a ruckus about this name
well none of the complainers are
identified in the CBC report must be
that anonymous guy again oh what a
troublemaker anyway
these guys had a year to come up with a
new whiz-bang name and they chose circle
I'm not making this up the festival is
simply now called circle that makes no
sense really it kind of sounds like the
incomplete name of a convenience store
chain and really what is circle but the
first part of the phrase circle the
wagons you know that culturally
insensitive language we need to expunge
from the lexicon so we're kind of back
to square one again aren't we it's
almost as though we're going around in
circles here a but you know in the final
analysis folks maybe circle is indeed a
superb name for this festival given the
way favor and company have kowtow to the
usual suspects after all a circle
resembles a zero as in zero creativity
zero strength and zero balls in the face
of politically correct madness yeah
circle really is the perfect name for
this shindig come to think of it for the
rebel dot media I'm David the men's ID
Menzies hey folks the rubble has a new
app please download that app and take
the rubble with you wherever you go
you
