so here's the new video I wanted to show
you today this is a video of Freeland
landing in Washington DC now see before
she got on the plane someone snapped
this picture of Freeland that's her you
could see her white shirt and Gerald
Butz that's him with the beard they were
in the airport in Ottawa you can see
Freeland in her weird shirt drinking a
nice glass of red wine
so that photo got the media super
excited about the shirt so the media the
CBC's camped out in in Washington
there's like half a dozen them they
actually and another media - they
actually drove to the airport in
Washington to meet Chrystia Freeland
when she landed at the airport and watch
now watch this movie it's like the
journalists are you know at teenage
girls at an ariana grande concert take a
look here you haven't breached shirt
okay that's great what's the meaning
behind your shirt minister Christmas
gift my children gave to me yeah you
think it'll be good luck for tomorrow
are you hoping to come out of tomorrow
that son a reporter is it that that's a
fangirl that's actually wasn't the state
broadcaster ever see TV let me read to
you just a tiny sampling of the Canadian
media reaction here's Josh Wingrove
he used to be with the Globe and Mail
and now he works for Bloomberg in Ottawa
he tweeted classic Freeland the front of
this shirt says mama don't equal chopped
liver her kids had a made for her for
Christmas and she wore it leaving the g7
- oh that's so classic she's the best
here's Rosa Wang of CTV who says our
camera was there we were there guys I
saw ariana grande my camera was there
when foreign affairs minister Chrystia
Freeland arrived in Washington tonight
we're wearing the following message
momma don't eat equal chopped liver Keep
Calm a negotiating after I was there hey
everybody I was I touched her I touched
her she said this shirt was a gift from
her children here's a CTV which did a
whole new story on it but look at how
they described it and Amy the truth
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia
Freeland is in Washington for more nafta
negotiations and generated buzz hey guys
it was really buzzy with a t-shirt that
references negotiations yeah I don't I
don't think that's I don't think a
couple of fangirl reporters making fools
of themselves I don't think you can call
that making buzz in Washington I think
that's just a some Canadians just bored
out of their minds and maybe they're
drinking red wine and I don't know but
is that really the kind of buzz you want
your foreign minister to generate I
don't believe it was buzzy but is that
what you want she has a weird shirt
about ongoing negotiations negotiations
she pops into and pops out of in between
anti-trump rallies and feminist rallies
but look at the CBC so I was seeing TV
and I showed you Bloomberg and went on
but look at the CBC just in full
and girl mode here's a tweet from CBC
power and politics Christian feelin got
some encouragement from bike-riding
Canadians in Washington today see me CK
Lee explains take a look something very
funny actually just happened Bashi a
couple of Canadians on rental bikes just
drove walk by with their bikes and said
go Freeland go so they knew exactly
what's going on here at the red bricks
in front of the US Trade
Representative's office and they walk I
said are you obviously you're clearly
Canadian they go yeah and then kept on
going hey you lonely hearts out there
you got to find yourself someone who
looks at you the way a CBC reporter
looks at Christian Freeland you find
someone in love like that you hold on
and you never let go okay that's an
excerpt from my daily show the Ezra
lavance show weekdays at 8:00 p.m.
Eastern every day I do a monologue
interview a guest and read my fan mail
and my hate mail to subscribe go to the
rebel da media slash shows
you
