my name is Andrew London I am from
London Ontario the courtroom in the
front row waiting to cover Tommy
Robinson the mainstream media did not
know who I was being the undocumented
foreigner in this lab and they were
speaking a little candidly would you
like to hear what they said
so where's Ezra my personal favorite and
by the way this will be quoted on my
website later today with their
publication name
my personal favorite was about our
friend Ezra Levant quote he needs to be
arrested
hate was what they said before the
proceeding even started this is what
they said about Tommy quote he is in
contempt of court there's not really any
doubt
and there was one more you see one of
the great members of the law enforcement
we've got a lot of great work today said
to them at the time there were about
1500 people they said let's just say a
few hundred quote because we don't want
to give it credit
we don't take any money from the
corporate media we don't take any money
from the government that leaves just you
my friends if you support our
crowdfunded journalism please do at
Tommi trial calm
you
