I just spoke with Tommy Robinson about
an hour ago and I've got some news about
his case by the way I hope you had a
chance to watch my interview with Tommy
last week an in-depth conversation about
his treatment in prison if you haven't
seen it yet please watch it either on
our rebel website or on Tommy's website
so here's the news as you know in August
the Court of Appeals freed Tommy from
prison quashed his conviction and Torres
strip off the trial judge in Leeds who
put Tommy in prison in the first place
the Court of Appeal said everything
about Tommy's contempt of court case was
improper Tommy was never told what he
did wrong that day he was never given a
proper chance to consult legal counsel
the trial was far too hasty this
sentence was improper on and on so they
led Tommy out of prison immediately but
what's so awful is that instead of
saying the matters done and maybe
actually apologizing to Tommy for making
him inappropriately served two and a
half months in solitary confinement
where he was practically starved where
he lost 40 pounds they're actually
sending him back to trial for a do-over
they want to put him on trial again for
the same contempt of court charge that
he faced that day back in May the whole
thing again and he risks being
imprisoned again for a moment there it
looked like the UK attorney-general
wasn't going to proceed this new trial
was originally scheduled for September
4th but then it was called off the UK
Attorney General said they weren't ready
which obviously is alive they've had all
the information about this case since
that first day back in May they have
hundreds of lawyers at their disposal so
we thought maybe they're backing down
maybe they were chastened by the massive
public reaction to their abusive
treatment of Tommy so then it was
scheduled for next week September 27th
but then that date was called off maybe
this thing wouldn't happen after all but
I just spoke with Tommy and he told me
that in fact September 27th is back on
and they're coming for him with a
vengeance now they actually want to do
this again they'll be trying to put him
in prison again like they did illegally
once before Tommy says they're coming
for him Hart hears the news today Tommy
told me that the government is actually
alleging the Tommy prejudice
that rape gang trial back in May that is
he destroyed its integrity in some way
but we know that's a lie he didn't
prejudice the trial the trial concluded
successfully that is not a matter of
opinion it is a fact Tommy says the
government is claiming that he violated
the publication ban but again that's not
true either
he didn't talk about any details from
within the trial he hadn't even been in
the trial didn't even know the details
he was simply reading from a government
website
the BBC state broadcaster in fact which
listed the names of the accused but they
want to put Tommy away again so the
trial is actually happening now on
Thursday September 27th Thursday
September 27th at the Old Bailey Central
Criminal Courts that is crazy in itself
contempt of court is not a crime
they're putting him on trial in a court
that's usually the place for murder
trials and the like Tommy asked me to
come into court again to report on the
proceedings because he doesn't trust the
mainstream media to tell the truth
because they don't tell the truth
look at these jackals Tommy told me to
come to London so I'm coming to London I
just bought an economy class plane
ticket and I'll stay in the small hotel
right near the court to save cab fare if
you can help me cover those costs the
flight and the hotel together are just
over a thousand pounds or about $1,700
Canadian I'd be grateful if you can help
me by chipping in at Tommy trial calm
our UK cameraman ed will be there too to
make lots of videos with me like last
time and our live tweet every word that
said in court when I reported live from
the Court of Appeal hearing I wrote
about a hundred and fifty little updates
from court and my tweets were seen by
5.7 million people in one day which is
incredible in other words I think if I
can go to this new trial and if I work
hard I can rebut a lot of the lie
that the media is going to tell about
Tommy in some ways this new trial is
even more important than the last one
the last one was done in secret it was
done in seven minutes it was done
illegally but this time Tommy is
prepared now and he has a lawyer now who
was prepared and the world is watching
now so I want to be there to make sure
the truth is told and Tommy specifically
asked me to come I think he trusts me to
tell it straight and I hope you do too
if you can help me cover my airfare and
hotel I'd be grateful please go to Tommy
Trial calm it's important that even just
one journalist in court that day tells
it like it is Thanks now let's go and
win one Tommy asked me to fly in from
Canada to London to cover his trial on
Thursday if you can help cover my
airfare I'd be grateful please visit
Tommy trial com
you
