well our next guest is a bit unusual in
his style and in his name and in his
background but it's one of the most
eloquent defenders of free speech he'll
ever meet
his name is Mark Meekin but he goes by
the funny online nickname count dank
EULA he's very alternative even down to
his tattoos and piercings he doesn't
look like your typical political
activist for freedom or maybe he does I
don't know these days a couple years
back meek and played a practical joke on
his girlfriend my girlfriend is always
runnin raving about her cute and
adorable have weed ogres and so I
thought I'll return the money the least
cute thing market think of wretches and
not c zk z guys who's a good cat c well
he did just that obviously it was a joke
a weird joke a risque joke a joke you
can find funny or unfunny it's up to you
but you have to know that was a joke
Meekins not a nazi and and neither is
his girlfriend's dog dogs can't be Nazis
actually but Meachem was prosecuted for
that video and convicted and sentenced
to an 800 pound fine because apparently
the UK has solved the rest of its crime
spree ranging from asset attacks to
outright terror bombing so they can go
after goofy practical joke videos that
they don't think are funny
well Meakin has become a bit of a free
speech crusader since then here he is
speaking at a day for freedom rally in
London earlier this year I'm the author
motley what happened
I've decided to keep fighting to protect
free speech because after seeing my
mother repeatedly crying at the fact
that her son could get sent to prison
just because he has some people's
feelings that was more than enough
you want to make sure that what happened
to me doesn't happen to anyone else
because I want to protect free speech I
have been branded a racist and I say I'm
the white supremacist and I am part of
the old gray to set the record straight
I reject any notion of superiority or
inferiority based on race I reject the
idea of an F no stay if you want to live
here and peace and not only respect the
freedom of others but fight to protect
the freedom of others then you are
welcome and less country well I saw
abouts features amazing and I saw in the
news more recently that the European
Union is considering banning what are
called means now means are those little
shareable funny images with a few key
words on them and a funny picture that
are fun to post on Facebook or Twitter
or other social media they would
literally ban memes this article 13 of
the European Union's new proposals and
sharing memes in the name of copyright
theft that would be banned well that
couldn't be twisted for censorship
reasons couldn't and joining us now live
via Skype from near Glasgow Scotland is
mark meek and welcome to the show nice
to have you here we're we're fans of
your free speech crusade and it's nice
to have you on the program
thanks very much man it's good to be you
well thank you for the time I thought
you were the guy to talk to because this
new proposal by the European Union
called article 13 there may be some
noble public policy goal underneath it
to reward content creators with the
fruits of their labor I get that as a
content creator I bet you do too but it
sounds like it could be abused to go
after anyone who posts a funny image
like it could be writ large the same
malicious prosecution you underwent for
your YouTube video that back could
theoretically happen to anyone who
shares something on Facebook or Twitter
am i overstating things well at the
moment they're saying that it's going to
be used for copyright but I guarantee
you in the future there's going to be
useful things like speech that you know
if something is a offensive and you know
even if it's just a joke there's a
little bit too
then things like Bob they're going to be
subject to these exact same restrictions
right now it's starting to copulate by
promise you in the next few years it's
just going to be used for all kinds of
speech that they don't approve of you
know one way of looking at it is that
anyone on the internet almost no matter
what you say or do would break this rule
so we're all guilty under this rule and
then it just comes down to who do they
choose to charge because every one of us
retweets or share something on Facebook
so as you say who they go after
eventually of course it will be a
political tool of course it will be a
censorship tool even if it doesn't start
off that way because that's the way to
get anyone isn't it well there's a way
that'll do that as well as it's not
going to be the end user like me is no
gonna be the user but it's going to be
the platforms that get punished so
basically even if we get angry about
content being removed we're going to be
screaming and screeching at the
platforms when it's not actually their
fault they just have to comply with this
legislation so basically it's the EU
that have done it by it's the platforms
themselves that are going to get the
brunt of the blame when you say the
platform is you're referring to YouTube
and Twitter and Facebook the places that
these electronic digital town squares as
I've heard others refer to them that's
that's a phrase that Jack Dorsey of
Twitter uses I think though you're right
it's the government behind it but I
think that the companies are only too
happy to do the bidding of governments I
think there's a lot of log rolling a lot
of favors exchanged YouTube Facebook
Twitter that do a favor for the
government and in return the government
maybe goes easy on them for their tax
structures for for other things I mean I
I sense that while these companies claim
to be independent they actually love
doing business with governments
especially authoritarian governments
absolutely see they see the EU itself
the legislation that gets proposed to
the EU comes from bag tech bank
operations and lobbying groups that are
sponsored by them
of any of these big corporations want
legislation to get picked through then
they can go forward and propose it and
it will get picked through because and I
think that big tech obviously may end up
appear feigns alkalinity adopt I will
give others and spend some money to
police the platforms bail but in the
long term that the the one because small
companies aren't subject to the
legislation but when they reach a
certain size then they are subject to
the legislation which means that though
either you know they need to adopt
algorithms that literally is Norway to
hire enough staff to monitor the sheer
amount of content that gets posted
online so all that happens as small
companies need to stay small
so the not subject to the regulations
because they simply can't afford to
abide by them or they try and end up
just getting completely buried
financially which means that the big
tech they are at the top their place is
no secure you know they will take a
little bit of a hack monetarily but in
the long run they benefit because no
one's gonna be able to compete with them
no that's a very thoughtful point of
view the incumbents will set up barriers
to entry for future competitors they'll
be happy to have this restriction and as
we see with Google doing business with
China I was reading about Sarah Hebron
the the founder of Google he who left
this former Soviet Union when he was a
young child with his family they left in
the 70s which was very rare very hard to
do and his family took him out of the
Soviet Union because it was
authoritarian they wanted to be free and
that instinct of freedom is what made
Google pull back from China the first
time around but he's overcome I guess
maybe fifty billion dollars in the bank
and the thought of colonizing China
overcame any you know pangs in his
conscience so Google is going back into
China they're working with the Chinese
dictatorship on a search engine
I bet and I'd like your thought on this
mark I bet some of the technology the
censorship technology the detection
technology that Google and others are
developing to comply with China's
censorship is going to be deployed in
what we used to call the free West so
instead of our freedom
being a virus that infects their status
to Thorat Aryan system it's the other
way their authoritarian surveillance
state will be the virus that infects us
that's that's is that a accurate
description of what's happening I
believe it would be I think Google have
done it because they've just basically
where is a place where we can test their
so we're we're not gonna get yelled at
too much because it's consented to the
norm China the best place for them to
test that's so so yeah I would believe
that I reckon that obviously good
overlay chain adopt the same policies as
China and they were gonna go on oh we
need to comply with the National laws
you know we we don't agree with it but
we need to comply as a test and they'll
take the test and the software so that
they can apply it to the West
yeah you know I I can't remember which
Soviet dissident it was if it was
Solzhenitsyn or someone who said that
the capitalists in the West will sell
the rope by which they are hanged as in
I'd have to look up the exact quote but
I think you've probably heard that one
before mark which is you know these
multi-billion in some case trillion
dollar companies in Silicon Valley which
is in California the freest place in the
world their lust for that Chinese market
their lust to get along with the
governments of the EU in a way is
planting the seeds of censorship that
would strangle the industry itself I
mean tech and communications technology
and social media is only possible with
freedom of speech and freedom of thought
really but these companies would sell
the own their own hang-hang man the news
by which they're hung I that was true in
the Soviet era I think it's in the track
true in the Chinese Communist era too
don't you think yeah it's not a shortcut
to be like yeah I used to be surprised
by such things but see how people like
that's basically putting models before
money more money before models should I
say and then it's a case of they don't
understand the destructive path that
they are going down all they can see is
the dollar signs
they can see like even even in the
eu-parliament when a article 13 got
voted on the people we spoke to they
doesn't even know but they were voting
for we were just sort of like do you
have any idea what you've just done and
when we explained some of the
ramifications of it they seemed they
seemed shocked even absolute Voss
himself said that he was surprised by
what was and the legislation that he
proposed yeah these these are people
that have no understand that or grasp at
the end on there but and but they
warranty seek to control above all else
even understand its culture well it's
incredible that two years after brexit
the EU is still promulgating laws that
will touch you in the United Kingdom can
I ask you about your own case I mean you
fought a bizarre application of a
censorship law they came after you in a
malicious application and I think I mean
that's why we you're so good to talk
about this because you have been there
when a law that may be looked reasonable
on the books was animated by radical
social justice warriors and inflicted on
you no I think you were kept hold by
crowdfunding and it turned you into a
bit of a warrior I don't think you had a
big profile before me had a profile but
it wasn't big like it is now can I ask
you if you've continued your free speech
fight and if so how since your own trial
ended in regards to these laws obviously
the part I was convicted on done was a
section 1 to 7 of the 2003
communications act and it was the
section that says an online uh public
posting dies grossly offensive and what
someone may find grossly offensive as
completely subjective
you know it's tone in the individual by
apparently the course they say did the
grossly offensive no has a matter of
fact set definition when it absolutely
doesn't another Stoke infected under but
a few things I'm doing as well as I went
to the EU recently in the EU Parliament
to speak about the dangers of article 13
of Italy as baby steps towards
authoritarianism you know China doesn't
happen over me and also I've joined
you kept the UK Independence Party
because of all the political parties and
Breton that have any kind of clue you
kept as the only one that cares about
freedom of speech and all the other
parties are seeking to restrict you've
kept the only party that I was seeking
to protect hmm very interesting well
listen it's a pleasure to talk with you
I I could listen to that beautiful
Scottish brogue all day long I'm only
half joking and as I've told our our
viewers your speech of the day for
freedom was so powerful in such a
clarion call for free speech it truly
struck me it's nice to meet you and I
hope that you're part of the successful
push back against article 13 but I I
remain a pessimist in this war for
freedom against the tech companies it's
it's just a handful of small guys like
like us versus these titans of industry
I let me ask you in closing are you an
optimist or a pessimist I I'm a
pessimist hey what are you try my best
to maintain that we're gonna get this a
man that is David versus Goliath you
know we just we just need a good stone
yeah well from your mouth to God's ears
I like your attitude I like that you've
still got lots of fight in you nice to
meet you mark good to have you on the
show today you too mom thanks very much
all right there you have it mark me--can
joining us via Skype from his home near
Glasgow Scotland that's an excerpt from
my daily show the Ezra Levant show
weekdays at 8:00 p.m. Eastern every day
I do a monologue interview a guest and
read my fan mail and my hate mail to
subscribe go to the rebel da media slash
shows
you
