where are mainstream media's today they
disappear they ignore us we will sing a
song together called
Asian girl crying you don't wing I'm in
middle Aspen square in North Toronto
taking in the vigil for Marissa Shen the
Mercer Shin is the 13 year old Vancouver
girl who was brutally murdered last
summer and very recently vancouver
police charged
28 year old ibrahim ali with her murder
and as it turns out mr. ali happens to
be one of Justin Trudeau's Syrian
refugees you know just because the Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau promised to the
whole country the quotation mark I will
be personally responsible for harm that
may come to any citizen of Canada any
home from any refugee brought into
Canada by my government I stand up
personally responsible now Canadians are
asking mr. Trudeau how are you going to
take personal responsibility for Marissa
stairs what do we want our government
way one safety we want how man to be
saved and we want them to be accountable
for what they have done to our people we
want to make sure that Canada is safe
irregardless who actually come to Canada
anyone who come to Canada we expect them
to uphold our Canadian law doesn't
matter which country they're coming from
Melissa her background maybe Chinese
Canada but we all Canadian what do you
make of the seemingly double standard
that we have today back in January the
Asian community was basically maligned
by the hijab hoax it was a false crime
that never was committed against a
Muslim woman you had the mayor the
premier the Prime Minister weigh in
immediately here we have a real crime
against a young woman who paid with her
life and yet where are these elected
officials and where is the mainstream
media well first of all for most for any
of these crime we expect our police
which in this case the Vancouver Police
- amazing job to actually capture the
perpetrator and we expecting and we
depending on our law to actually to make
the wrongs to right and doesn't matter
doesn't matter what background they are
and doesn't matter who the victims are
they will label us as netizen racism
white supremacy far-right and so on I
don't care I don't care tell me mass ISM
I have to say that our country is sick
our country sick actually not only
Canada but also the whole Western
countries are sick are hijacked by
political correctness which is a cancer
cell if we do not cease that the whole
country and the whole Western world will
be in danger will be in disaster will be
in catastrophe me rest in peace there in
heaven no tears
no separation no sorrow well we came out
here to support the Asian community and
the loss of one of their members who was
taken from the parents by a Syrian
refugee well in fairness it's alleged
you know it hasn't been proven in court
but you know your point about the Asian
community the last time the Asian
community was in the news in a big way
was about the hijab hoax and what I find
interesting is an observer this was a
fake crime with no victim and yet you
had the mayor the premier the prime
minister rush yes stop the presses and
called out to the came-- that the asian
community and the asian community had a
couple of rallies in toronto and then in
ottawa asking for the prime minister to
apologize and to this day he's not
apologized nor has he gone out to the
family out in bc or expressed his
condolences to them what what do you
think that is because he has a
preference over a sect of our population
and it's we're all aware of it so is
that the end game for the Justin Trudeau
liberals allow thousands and thousands
of a certain type of refugee into the
country these people will be forever
grateful for that and vote liberal and
they'll go forth and multiply it's all
about building the liberal base and the
years to come it is people he can
control as well and it's globalism it's
an onslaught but he's pandering to them
for their votes his father did the same
thing do you think it's gonna work no
Canadians are waking up the silent and
moral majority is waking up and we will
stand up and fight for our rights and
freedoms that's the way it's gonna go
today we gather here lay down the
flowers light of the
and O's and more as one first let's have
one minute of silence to pay the deepest
condolence to innocent 30 years old girl
marisa-san so amazing shower yuuichi
more fans on hey folks if you like the
kind of journalism we do here at the red
ball please like and subscribe because
you're not going to get this journalism
anywhere else
