next up on the justin trudeau apology
Palooza tour justin plans to issue a Mia
culpa to the Jewish community in
November folks get ready to witness the
most insincere most Hollow apology ever
to be uttered in the history of people
kind
one of the most shameful chapters in
Canadian history occurred almost 80
years ago in 1939 the MSE Lewis entered
Canadian waters carrying 907 German Jews
fleeing the Nazi regime but the Liberal
government of the day headed up by Prime
Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King
well he subscribed to a policy of none
is too many when it came to Jews seeking
refuge in Canada as such the ship wasn't
allowed to dock in Halifax about half of
the passengers were eventually taken in
by four European nations the UK the
Netherlands France and Belgium but about
five hundred of them ended up right back
in Germany the country they were
originally fleeing and it was in Germany
that 254 of these Jews were killed in
concentration and internment camps the
refusal to allow the st. Louis to dock
in Canada was a horrible disgraceful
lapse in moral and ethical judgment and
the Mackenzie King Liberals have blood
on their hands no doubt about it
Oh as an aside there's a statue of
Mackenzie King on Parliament Hill are
the progressives planning to tear down
this edifice no look G wonder why in any
event Trudeau announced on the eve of
Rosh Hashanah that he plans to issue an
apology in Parliament on November 7th
what a mensch a but you want to know
something it's really quite easy to
issue an apology some eight decades
after these innocent Jews were executed
but it takes some real moral courage to
support the Jews who are very much alive
in Israel today because remember how
back in May when Israel the only true
democracy in the Middle East was under
attack by weapon-toting Palestinian
thugs in Gaza welcher o chose to stand
with the thugs here's what he stated
when Israel had the temerity to protect
its borders quote reported use of
excessive force and live ammunition is
inexcusable it is imperative we
established the facts of what is
happening in Gaza Canada calls for an
meet
it independent investigation end quote
you know the only thing Palestinians are
really world-class at is the fine art of
public relations and propaganda and our
p.m. bought their lies hook line and
stinker and let's not forget that the
Mackenzie King liberals of 1939 turned
away genuine refugees fleeing genuine
persecution but today's Trudeau liberals
well they have nothing but open arms for
bogus refugees who freely walk across
the us-canada border they aren't fleeing
from a death sentence in America rather
they're just gaming the system clearly
they don't want to follow the rules for
those who want to lawfully emigrate to
Canada and as for eradicating the
loophole in the Canada us safe third
country agreement that allows us
ridiculous charade to continue unabated
oh please that's a non-starter with
Justin in fact I think Justin Trudeau
has nothing but contempt for Jews in the
past two years on two separate occasions
Justin failed to mention Jews in a
prepared statement commemorating the
Holocaust isn't that kind of like
recounting the history of the Titanic
without somehow mentioning that little
iceberg incident but it's not a surprise
really
Jews are kind of getting in the way of
Justin Trudeau's identity politics
strategy which is to say Trudeau
operates on the mantra of if it's
Islamic it's good and if it's good it's
Islamic Justin even has plenty of time
and sometimes plenty of cash for those
who subscribe to radicalism including
such pond scum as Omar Khadr and Joshua
Boyle in other words he likes to hang
with a crowd that probably tends to deny
the Holocaust as they dream of
manufacturing another one so in the
final analysis Justin please spare is
your crocodile tears when it comes to
the Liberal government disgrace of 1939
indeed take your hollow two-bit apology
and shove it where the Sun
don't shine for the rebel dot media I'm
David the men's I'd Menzies hey folks
the rebel has a new app please download
that app and take the rebel with you
wherever you go
you
