Cavanaugh sustained more questions than
any other nominee combined then every
other nominee combined answering
literally hundreds of oral and written
questions well the Democrats didn't find
enough to stop him and despite their
antics of shouting down and having
protests he appeared to be set for a
confirmation until a late hit
California Senator Dianne Feinstein
broke the news that there was an
allegation from Brett Kavanaugh as years
in high school that has remained dormant
for thirty years and now looks like it
could upset this confirmation joining us
now via Skype is our friend Joel Pollak
senior editor at large at bright bar.com
Joe did I accurately sum up the state of
Brett Kavanaugh that he was pretty much
set to be confirmed until this late hit
yeah that's correct
there was no reason not to confirm him
and all of the Republicans on the
committee looked satisfied with him and
they were going to vote to pass his
nomination through the committee on
Thursday on party lines which would have
meant an 11 to 10 vote and that would
have moved it on to the floor of the
Senate where thanks to democrat removal
of rules on the filibuster a simple
majority which is in the Republicans
hands would have been enough to put him
on the Supreme Court so this was
basically over
but then the vote was postponed from
last week because of Hurricane Florence
and now over the weekend a woman has
come forward to accuse red Cavanaugh of
sexually assaulting her when they were
both in high school he 17 years old at
the time she 15 and the assault sounds
like a kind of drunken fumble in a room
at a house party and he says it never
happened and he has never done anything
like that with anybody including the
accuser the only other witness agrees
with Brett Kavanaugh so this woman is
the only person who is providing
any kind of story
here there's no corroborating evidence
at all the only potentially
corroborating evidence is something she
told her therapist six years ago which
is 30 years afterward and the therapists
version of the story is different than
hers so we don't know why this is being
taken so seriously well let me rephrase
that we know why Democrats are
determined to stop this confirmation and
so they're grasping at straws and
they've basically said the entire thing
needs to be derailed now Kavanagh has
said he's prepared to come back and
testify under oath in front of the
Senate Judiciary Committee and the
accuser
she has also said through her attorney
she's willing to testify which should be
interesting
but Democrats don't want to have a
hearing on this they want the FBI to
investigate so they're now asking the
FBI once again to interfere in a
fundamental political question and their
goal of course is to delay the Cavanaugh
confirmation that's the election now I
don't think that helps them because I
don't think they're likely to win at
least in the Senate in the House
Democrats are favored to win but
Republicans because of the way the
Senate elections are happening this year
are favored to pick up seats in the
Senate so Democrats will have less
leverage not more after the November
election at least as far as it said goes
maybe not in terms of the overall
narrative about where the country is at
but it's a delay tactic that they're
using gambling somehow that this will
prevent Cavanaugh from taking a seat on
the Supreme Court maybe they can force
him to withdraw they can please their
own base they can show that they're
strong they can energize their voters
and whether he's confirmed or not this
will energize their voters anyway
because now they've set up a situation
in which the elected politicians most of
whom are male are being confronted with
accusations by a woman and told that if
they don't believe her then they're
anti-woman so this is a perfect setup
it's a win-win for Democrats either they
stop the confirmation or they rile up
their base
what's unseen and unheard so far is
whether this also riles up the
conservative base the Republican base
and particularly male voters male voters
very important to Republicans very
important to down
very unlikely to state their opinions
openly because once you do you become a
target but this could motivate more
people to go to the polls for the
Republicans because if Democrats win in
November you're going to see more and
more of these kinds of tactics these
kinds of hearings and there's no sense
that there's any boundary around it
whatsoever if you can go back in time
more than 35 years and dredge up a
strange accusation uncorroborated from
high school in order to evaluate the
long distinguished judicial career and
the character of a man who's been
bounced forward by female clerks female
colleagues even female classmates from
that high school era then anything is
possible and really no man is safe for
me that's that's how I think it's
quietly being interpreted we're where
Americans are concerned that's an
excerpt from my daily show the Ezra
Levant show weekdays at 8:00 p.m.
Eastern every day I do a monologue
interview a guest and read my fan mail
and my hate mail to subscribe go to the
rebel da media slash shows
you
