the budgets will balance themselves
isn't that what the Liberals always say
but wedding meaningless social justice
accolades will that require staff
resources and plenty of dedication
Finance Minister Bill Morneau wanted to
be a gender champion in the very same
month that Canada shed 31,000 full-time
jobs May 2018 not a great month for
Canadian jobseekers 31 thousand jobs
dropped right out of the bottom of the
economy adding to the 1,100 jobs lost
the month before this downward trend
should have been the focus of I don't
know the Finance Minister but I have an
internal memo to show you today
signed by the finance minister himself
in May 2018 this memo is so silly and so
stupid and so perfectly liberal it gives
us a peek into the window of the minds
of those who work for Morneau and even
into Morneau's mine to look at this memo
opportunity for Minister Morneau to
become an international gender champion
gender champion you guys mylord
anyway let's continue the International
gender champion initiative was founded
at the United Nations in Geneva in 2015
of course the United Nations to create a
platform for senior international
leaders tonight in building a world
where gender differences do not prevent
individuals from achieving their
potential the initiative is structured
as a network with no formal membership
scheme champions are categorized as
either active champions or alumni and
then they go on to list a handful of
feminists suck-ups
to the United Nations overlords cool
priorities bro some pointless award to
pander to low information voters about
what a male feminists you are as the
country loses jobs like liberals lose
ethics rulings but wait there's more
there's always more champions are
required to make at least two
measurable results oriented commitments
that can be accomplished in one year to
advance gender equality within their
respective mandates and institutions in
addition champions must make a panel
parody pledge through which they commit
to no longer participate in single sex
panels but that means as if there were a
panel of incidentally male economists
talking about how best to fix the
economy
Morneau was willing to pledge not to
participate in that panel because there
wasn't a token woman on it good grief
that pledge manages to insult everyone
reducing women to tokens and reducing
accomplished men just down to their sex
I wonder if more know the gender
champion would take a pledge not to call
female conservatives names when they
don't adhere to the liberal party mantra
about gender quotas and vote pandering
to the little ladies remember this do
you do not at all emulate or try to
foster any of the things that you're
talking about in your budget either in
your past corporate life within your own
department or even in your own
ministerial staff isn't this just a way
to get a woman's vote isn't that what
this was all about find your line of
questioning to be offensive and I
absolutely believe that doing that by
promoting women into positions of
leadership is one of the key success
factors we'll continue to do this if
people like you don't buy into it that's
a problem that we'll have to face we
will drag along then the and earth all
who don't agree with that and that will
be our continuing approach more Nell was
calling an accomplished female MP Lisa
raped a Neanderthal just six weeks
before his staff were busy trying to
pump more no street cred with the ladies
seems legit rape probably just
interpreted the interaction wrong just
like that female reporter did when our
insufferably feminist prime minister
groped her in crest in British Columbia
nearly two decades ago now I'm not
surprised that the Liberal government
cares more about the optics of appearing
feminist
then they do about real Canadian jobs
their social justice gender equity
demands and NAFTA renegotiations are
annoying the Americans to the point of
de railing the negotiations all together
and as taxpayers every single one of us
should be bothered that the Finance
Ministry has staff paid for by the
taxpayer who are busy seeking out
ridiculous sjw Awards and feminist
brownie points for the minister to
receive instead of focusing on the
economy males faced greater unemployment
in just about every adult age group in
Canada than their female peers in May
2018 that's just a fact what this means
is of those 31,000 people who lost their
jobs in May a small majority of them
were actually men but the good news is
by June the female unemployment rate had
overtaken males by just two tenths of a
percentage point
good job Morneau you did it you made men
in women equal in your miserable economy
frankly I don't care if the finance
minister is a gender champ I want him to
be a balanced budget champ because that
is actually his job for the rabble dot
media I'm Sheila Gunn right Bill Morneau
has his priorities wrong on the economy
but that's the theme of the Liberal
government they just have their
priorities wrong like how the Liberal
government treats fake refugees better
than Canadian veterans to find out more
and to sign my petition go to 50,000 see
a
you
