so serena williams had an embarrassing
temper tantrum at the US Open
but although Serena should be condemned
for her behavior how strange is it that
the usual suspects are training their
collective sights on an Australian
cartoonist instead
in case you missed the US Open women's
final it was something to see Serena
Williams had a meltdown for the ages
Serina screams she cried she smashed her
tennis racquet now I get it that an
athlete in a high-stakes game can lose
it and surely tennis fans recall the
classic outbursts of John McEnroe Jimmy
Connors and ilie Nastase but I think
Serena ventured into crazy town when she
continually badgered umpire Carlos Ramos
accusing him of being a thief and for
being sexist for well just doing his job
by calling the game in accordance to the
rules serena emerged as a world-class
sore loser but she seems to be getting a
free pass given that so many of the jock
sniffers in the sports media business
are going to bat for her because i guess
if you have the temerity to criticize a
black female athlete normally are you
going to be labeled sexist but racist
aboot indeed a fascinating sidebar story
to Serena's temper tantrum has emerged
namely an Australian newspaper the
Melbourne base Herald Sun published this
editorial cartoon of Williams it pretty
much captures Serena's frame of mind
that day and it sure gave me a good
belly laugh but cartoonist Mark Knight
is now being branded as a racist
evidently if you exaggerate the physical
features of a person this is obviously
motivated by racism as opposed to parody
but the editorial cartoon has forever
existed as a medium that exaggerated s'
that's it's very bailiwick yet the
social justice warriors empowered by the
virus of political correctness are
apparently now coming after political
cartoons just as they've come after
other non-pc zones such as roasts and
stand-up comedy these people seemingly
hate fun and so it was that the usual
suspects condemned the cartoon my
favorite tweet about
was from Reverend Jesse Jackson who
stated quote this despicable cartoon
tried and failed to diminish the
greatness and grace of Serena Williams
racism in any form is unacceptable end
quote
yeah racism in any form is unacceptable
is this the same guy who referred to New
York City as Hymie town the cartoon also
drew the ire of the us-based National
Association of Black Journalists who
called it quote unnecessarily Sambo like
end quote huh the National Association
of Black Journalists you know I wonder
how open they'd be to welcoming an Asian
or white journalist into their fold yeah
no segregation to see here folks move
along in any event because this is 2018
here's how this story is supposed to
unfold the cartoonist is supposed to be
fired and then shunned and the paper is
supposed to deliver a groveling apology
and then everyone else on staff is
supposed to take mandatory sensitivity
training but guess what folks this story
actually has a happy ending because none
of that PC crap transpired rather The
Herald Sun raised a metaphorical middle
finger to its critics by actually
reprinting the sarena cartoon and on the
front page no less as part of a collage
of other political cartoons that also
made use of exaggerated features of
public figures the paper also came to
the defense of its cartoonists stating
quote if the self-appointed censors of
Mark Knight get their way on his Serena
Williams cartoon our new politically
correct life will be very dull indeed
end quote
bingo in fact what our political cartoon
is supposed to do to appease their
critics depict public figures as generic
stick figures or are they to embrace a
no visible minorities rule when it comes
to cartooning give me a break so hats
off to the herald-sun for having the
testicular fortitude to stand up to
those who would want to
further quash free speech and if anyone
should be apologizing for anything
surely it's Serena Williams that needs
to offer a Mia culpa - umpire Carlos
Ramos for behavior that was off the
charts
egregious for the rebel media I'm David
the men's I'd Menzies hey folks the
rebel has a new app please download that
app and take the rebel with you wherever
you go
you
