I think the bigger one though will be
the D legitimization of Doug Ford or any
other successful politicians when Jason
Kenney wins as I expect he will what I
mean by that is they lolled left not
working within the system not being
accepting losing in the polls but
gumming up the system with lawsuits with
protests with riots even the insanity I
think that just like Canada's left is
importing anti-trump hysteria they're
going to now import the tactics they've
seen used against Trump by that
resistance we're already starting to see
it in this shrinking of the Toronto City
Council debate the extremists judge shut
down the lawful use of the
notwithstanding Clause now let's turn
into a circus a freak show here
watch as the left-wing parties in
Ontario who just given a drubbing in the
provincial election watch how they make
the legislature literally uncover noble
that continued and it got worse and they
could not proceed they had to be
escorted out by security I'm talking
about the opposition politicians that's
not democracy stopping a legislature
that's not quite a riot what it really
is is a lame Canadian copy of the US
left's tactics against Trump just last
week we saw something similar deployed
against Donald Trump's nominee for the
Supreme Court Brett Kavanaugh remember
this
mark my words that's coming here that's
what they're gonna do to Doug for it
everything they've done to Donald Trump
they're gonna do to Doug for it
I think the fools in Congress and the
fools in the opposition in Ontario's
legislature know that their protest
whether it's just pounding on the table
just shouting
probably actually won't stop right
Kavanagh from being appointed the
Supreme Court and probably won't stop
Donald Trump excuse me Doug Ford from
shrinking Toronto City Council but it
does a few things it distracts it steps
on the media coverage of the real
successes of Trump who has had many from
his economic boom to foreign policy and
Doug Ford who I've always only been
premium for a few months
he's already ended cap and trade stopped
subsidies for green energy schemes
rolled back power prices and sack the
not a Control Board of hydroelectricity
company here half does the real thing so
it distracts it bogs down Trump and Ford
in litigation just like lawyers did with
Rob Ford if you recall Doug Ford's
brother with all manner of nuisance
suits and and most of all cements in the
public mind Trump equals chaos Doug Ford
equals chaos and surely Andrew shear
will too in fact those candidates on the
right mean law and order but that's not
what the street team wants the anti-fog
they want chaos on the streets they want
the public to associate conservative
government with real pain violence the
pain of seeing your country or your
problems become a civil war zone that's
what black lives matter was about if you
don't give identity politics movements
what they want you'll have riots that's
what the Occupy Wall Street shanty towns
were not just in the states but in
Canada too I guess what I'm saying is
the upcoming election will be about
anything other than Justin Trudeau's own
achievements because those achievements
are so few and far between
other than legalizing marijuana and
please tell me other than connected
liberal insiders like the Liberal
Party's former top financial officer who
haven't known a major marijuana company
who exactly was pushing for this show me
a mum with a school-aged child who's
happy about marijuana now being more
freely available for her kids to have as
if it's not hard enough parenting
teenagers already but other than
marijuana what country to run on this
hated carbon tax is foreign policy flops
a Syrian
refugees some accused of murder and
sexual assault look at this headline
Quebec known as a progressive province
is set to elect a party called the
coalition a veneer to Quebec tack based
in large part on their opposition to
open immigration and their opposition to
the Muslim head covering the hijab
that's the mood of real people in Canada
people aren't happy with Trudeau or
provincial municipal versions of Trudeau
which is why Trudeau wants his foil to
be not Anders here but Donald Trump
that's an excerpt from my daily show the
Ezra Levant show weekdays at 8:00 p.m.
Eastern every day I do a monologue
interview a guest and read my fan mail
and my hate mail to subscribe go to the
rebel da media / shows
you
