Justin Trudeau has finally announced his
plan to cram a carbon tax down the
throats of voters and non liberal
compliant provinces today imagine being
dumb enough to spend the next year
campaigning on how you're going to
violate the political will of people who
didn't vote for a carbon tax well you
just imagined Justin Trudeau doesn't
matter who you elected as a premier it
doesn't matter if you elected someone to
be a carbon tax fighter nope
Trudeau is going to make sure that you
pay what the Liberals are calling a
regulatory charge on fuel
the Liberals knew carbon tax will be
levied on gasoline light fuel oil
natural gas and propane you know all the
fossil fuels you need to stay alive here
in Canada Trudeau has finally announced
concrete plans to force energy retailers
in provinces that have refused to have a
carbon tax or do not meet the federal
carbon tax levels to now add the federal
carbon tax to customer bills and in his
usual teenage girl passive aggressive
style Justin Trudeau made this
announcement to tax the bare necessities
of life in Doug Ford's home writing of
Etobicoke because Ontario Premier Doug
Ford has been a vocal opponent of carbon
taxes oh but don't worry the federal
Liberals they have a formula for their
carbon tax that they've cribbed from
Alberta premier Rachel Notley the
Liberals are going to give you back some
of the money you pay as a carbon tax
back in the form of a rebate although
we're just I don't know supposed to
trust the federal government about just
how much carbon tax you are really
paying on literally everything you
purchase or use every single day of your
life you see Rachel Notley also gives
carbon tax rebates here in Alberta and
yet still the carbon tax remains
consistently disliked hovering around
1/3 to 30% approval rating from the
general public it's weird right how
people don't jump up
down for the idea of being bribed with
their very own money
you see people aren't stupid despite
what politicians might think about them
voters understand that nothing is truly
revenue neutral when you have to wash
those tax dollars through the hands of a
hundred overpaid government drones
before the rebates are eventually issued
back to the people and about those
rebates the feds can't even talk about
them without showing the world just how
consistently bad at math they really are
look at this tweet from CBC's Shan McGee
he was reporting on a carbon tax
announcement in Moncton by Health
Minister Jeanette petty paw Taylor
now petty Pat Taylor says the federal
government won't keep any of the money
about ninety percent will be sent back
to individuals as rebates the average
family of four in New Brunswick will get
about two hundred and forty eight
dollars back while they pay two hundred
and seven dollars hold on a second here
how does it discourage fossil fuel use
by actually rewarding people with 41
extra dollars for using fossil fuels oh
and where are they getting that 41 extra
dollars if not from overcharging some
other poor family somewhere else along
the line and all those government
workers who are now issuing those
rebates and calculating them they don't
work for free do they the math doesn't
add up here anyway even Rachel Notley
wasn't politically tone-deaf enough to
campaign on a carbon tax like Justin
Trudeau just dammed himself to do for
the next year leading up to the 2019
election Rachel Notley hid her carbon
tax from voters Trudeau has to wear his
like a big dumb idiotic yoke around his
delicate neck for the next year Justin
Trudeau he has a bad habit of
replicating Rachel not least terrible
ideas like he is now with the carbon tax
rebate system just like not Lee Trudeau
told us that a carbon tax would get
pipelines built they called it social
license but were further away from ever
getting a pipeline built then we have
been in
recent memory then just like Rachel
Notley Justin Trudeau told us that
spending 4.5 billion dollars to buy an
existing pipeline would somehow turn
away the environmental opposition and
build the expansion of that very same
pipeline that pipeline now has been sent
back to the regulatory drawing board for
years and years and years of hearings
and examinations Notley wants to now
have the federal government purchase
rail cars to ship oil by rail to address
the pipeline shortage that she helped
create even scarier Notley says her
government is going to lay out the
business case for the federal government
to buy rail cars and locomotives to
address a pipeline capacity shortage if
there is anything in the world not Lee
doesn't understand it's the business
case for absolutely anything that plan
doesn't seem all that low-carbon by the
way moving oil by rail that is if you
care about that sort of thing and I hear
Justin Trudeau and Rachel Notley do but
I am willing to put money on the fact
that Trudeau will go along with not
Lee's big idea to nationalize some rail
cars these two would buy up Suncor and
change its name back to petrol Canada if
they could in the meantime our friends
in the United States are repealing
regulations every single day building
pipelines like it's going out of style
and drilling and exporting their fossil
fuels at rates they've never seen before
oh and their co2 emissions well they're
rapidly falling without a carbon tax
it's almost as though the solution to
everything
Justin Trudeau and Rachel Notley are
trying to solve right now is less
government and not more for the rebel
media I'm Shiela gonna read what you
just saw there is the daily video that I
do here at the rebel but did you know
that I have my own weekly full-length
show it's aptly called the gun show
where we talk about issues facing
Canadian families in a way you would
never see the mainstream media do but
you get access to my show and the rest
of our incredible premium content you've
got a treat
yourself to a rebel subscription today
you
