so I saw on Twitter an image from the
British NHS and I had to check if it was
real and it is it's an image that asks
young girls if they are willing to give
up high heels and lipstick for a child
just take a look at this I mean can you
believe that it seems like the thing
that 4chan would make up but it's real
the poster advertises emergency
contraception for up to five days after
unprotected sex and I think it gets so
much wrong first of all I don't think we
should be discouraging girls from having
children we need to have kids it's
fulfilling and it's important for
couples but it's also necessary to
replace ourselves and continue building
our civilization also shouldn't the NHS
be encouraging young women to practice
safe sex in the first place so they can
learn some responsibility the NHS do
this a lot everywhere else so why in
this instance are they focusing on what
girls give up if girls practice safe sex
then they typically wouldn't even have
to worry about emergency contraception
but what I think is really terrible
about this is that it's telling girls
that having children means you can no
longer enjoy things in life you can no
longer look good or wear lipstick which
is just so wrong I mean look at Melania
Trump and Ivana Trump they're both
mothers they're both stunning and what
about Anna Wintour she's a mother and
look at her she's the editor-in-chief of
Vogue magazine and a huge feminist too
and there are everyday mothers I see in
the city all the time mothers look good
and they can look good and there's no
reason they can't wear the heels and
clothes they like this kind of narrative
is dangerous having a child might not
view the most glamorous thing all the
time but it is rewarding it's such a
rewarding experience for mothers and
doesn't stop people living their lives
to the fullest if you want to see more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
like and subscribe
you
