well one of the interesting things about
running an internet-based
TV station is that you get lots of
statistics and analytics on the
different shows and our next guest is by
far our most popular guest for two
months running and I think it's because
he's the only person in Canada telling
the other side of the story on Justin
Trudeau and Chrystia Freeland disastrous
NAFTA negotiations I'm talking of course
about my friend Manny Montenegrin oh who
is a former lawyer to Stephen Harper and
he's with think sharp many great to
welcome you back to the program nice to
have you then thank you for having me as
Ron I want to start off by showing you a
stunning video we got a lot to talk
about about NAFTA but I want to show you
a clip and I know you've seen this
Chrystia Freeland our foreign minister
flew back from NAFTA negotiations to
attend a feminist conference and to
speak on a panel called taking on the
tyrant and I want to play a video clip
for you from that panel
it takes three full minutes Manny but I
think you've got to see it to believe it
can I play that clip and then we'll come
back and talk about that clip in the
moment we'll talk about the national
negotiations okay so okay let me just
set it up for one more second this is in
Toronto this is at a feminist conference
hosted by Heather Eastman who's a
feminist entrepreneur in Canada this
video clip was the introduction to the
panel the panel was called taking on the
tyrant and Chrystia Freeland was one of
the to star guests without further ado
let me show you the event Chrystia
Freeland spoke at
there's a name for Viktor orb√°n's system
of government he calls it a liberal
democracy it's basically the primacy of
populist nationalism over individual
freedom on the campaign trail italy's
new interior minister used hardline
rhetoric to fire up the voters fake fake
disgusting nerves
this was a direct act by the Russian
State against our country
she's loved
we love her right we love her
that was wonderful did you bask in that
moment that's lovely
welcome everybody I'm Canada's Minister
foreign affairs my name is Casey
Freeland and I'm also the Member of
Parliament for University Rosedale so we
are now in my riding and isn't it a
great riding we are on the traditional
lands of the Mississauga's of the new
credit first nation and I think it's
important to acknowledge that a fan
settings icon plaisir de Bracy avec vous
Shaktoolik bless em can again a lop we
vote for up we a threat players
important for moi merci beaucoup
hahaha well it could go on but it gets
only worse many Monica
that was a Trump bashing video and I I
don't know if she would have seen the
whole video before she got to the event
but she would have known the event was
called taking on the tyrant she would
have been briefed about what the panel
would require from her because she was
one of only two gasses in there and even
after she saw the video and let's give
her the benefit of doubt and say she
didn't know he was going to be a vicious
attack on Donald Trump as some fascist
she applauded it she basked in it and
she said yeah this is my moment and then
she did a little virtue signaling that's
insane
for anyone in Canadian cabinet and
someone who's doing in NAFTA negotiation
many what do you make of that well it
just supports my premise I've been
saying as you know for months and
perhaps in almost a year now i have
tweeted it a year ago but that is its
main purpose the purpose of this
government is to win the next election
and they see the best way to do it is to
create a battle between a Trump and this
government and to prove that the
Canadians will now vote for this
government and this is just more
evidence it's alarming I mean you
wouldn't see Mexico who worked very
some twenty thirty days in a row to
craft a deal to agree to do they didn't
break up and go and do these videos that
are insulting to the that they're their
negotiating partner they're their
biggest betrayed partner so it's just
more evidence and I think Ezra if you
see it from that point of view it's very
clear that the purpose is to create this
what I'll call II a division between
Canada and America or Trump more
particularly and this Prime Minister and
that's why it works and that's why there
was great applause it but it's not about
trade because if it was about trade any
reasonable person would not have done or
gone to that in the middle of an at
NAFTA negotiation so it just supports my
premise and it it's alarming I I mean I
was very saddened when I saw that I
couldn't believe it but it supports my
premise and there's more yeah you know
when you're a senior cabinet minister I
mean foreign minister is a very senior
position you have a lot of staff you
have people called advanced people they
would go to the events in advance they
would check out who's the introducer
they would chat where's the seat where's
the glass of water like down to every
detail and they would have known
absolutely the nature of the event they
probably would have seen that video but
let's just say for the men of the doubt
they didn't she knew she was going to an
anti-trump event but mani what gets me
is it wasn't a substantive disagreement
with Trump it wasn't we're going to
defend this industry or it wasn't
anything we want chapter 19 the dispute
resolution mechanism or we want the
dairy cartel you can agree or disagree
with that but that's substantive this
was pure Trump derangement pure
demonizing Trump it was all personal and
and that's what's so alarming here
Mexico Shirley has substantive
differences with Trump but they're not
twisting a knife in him in the middle of
a negotiation well they want they want a
deal I mean if before this video came
out esra there were more alarming signs
that that supports my premise but really
this guy
does not want a Anasta deal what this
government does want is to create a
division a Trump hate narrative to get
Trump hate votes in Canada and it's that
simple I mean let's go
you might recall there were two points
that were that were not negotiable
six months ago four or five months ago
the Prime Minister stood up and said
these are not negotiable we we will not
have enough to deal and they were the
five-year sunset laws and no deal
without Mexico I mean the the president
United States offered a bilateral deal
almost a year ago and they said
absolutely not we will not do deal
without Mexico and we will not have this
five-year sunset clause where those are
both gone those were the only
impediments to a deal now they're gone
and what are they substituted with they
substituted with two new that we've
never heard of the cultural now we're
here defending cultural issues that's
now the line in the sand that's the red
line and that wasn't said a year ago so
it's disingenuous to bring it up now as
well as you mentioned chapter 19 chapter
19 is a dispute resolution system that's
in NAFTA and it hasn't been used for the
last ten years or so it basically is a
clause that really has no useful effect
anymore what they want to do is they
simply the negotiators you want to move
it from a panel where people saw at 2:00
is on the panel to the courts now most
people trust and rely of the courts and
and what the has our Prime Minister said
about chapter 19 and you might recall
this and it said by my 59th tweet if you
will because now I have a series of
tweet of evidence but the Prime Minister
said we know we have a president that
doesn't always follow the rules and
that's why he's not supportive of
chapter 19 changes now sir no one in the
media no one no lawyer no no one has
asked what do you mean by that mr. prime
minister we know we have a president
that doesn't follow the
well chapter 19 is a resolution that
goes to the courts no president not this
president or any present could pick up
the phone we talk to a judge it is
insulting to the to the judiciary of
America or Canada it's insulting to this
president it's insulting to future
president and when President Trump is
gone and there's a new president no
president will pick up the phone and
start interfering with a court on a on a
dispute mechanism under chapter 19 that
tells me that there is really it's
insincere and no lawyer has even
questioned it mm-hmm
yeah I mean by nature whenever you're
negotiating with someone you have a
difference of opinion you know I think
it was Shimon Perez the late Israeli
leader who said you make peace with your
enemies that's the most dramatic example
of that if you're ever in a negotiation
that's with someone you have a
disagreement with fine fine but you have
to have some good faith and what what I
find here is you just raised some
excellent points that may be substantive
Lee Canada is not even negotiating in
good faith if we're coming up with
last-minute objections that we are
negotiators haven't even mentioned
before but I think you don't even need
to you know detect bad faith in the
substance when you see the I can't even
I didn't know how to describe what
Christian Freeland was doing there it
was like she was leading a rally for the
Bernie Sanders Alexandria okay Jie
Cortese wing of the demagogues and and
the weird virtue signaling the the
selfie style let me say something in
English and France let me boast about my
riding let me give a shout out to
Aboriginal issues it it was a level of
in sincerity and virtue signaling I I
just don't even understand how that can
be accepted in the in the first rank of
international relations mani I think
you're right I think we're doomed well I
mean if you look at it if you start with
the premise do they want enough to deal
now as far as you know
just set up companies every month every
day and and uncertainty tells businesses
where to go Canada has been under a
cloud of uncertainty the nasty deals not
done Mexico understood this that's why
they wanted to deal quickly in case this
new business wants to set up in Mexico
we are onboard come here but now as we
delay there are billions of dollars that
are not invested in Canada we've had
that pipeline Fiasco that basically says
to the world if you're in oil and
pipelines don't come to Canada now with
NAFTA if you're setting up any business
well we're not sure we're gonna do this
deal we're gonna continue to to the Pope
the the president and God knows how long
that will take
so they'll set up these are billions of
dollars in jobs but are not seeing today
but will be seen in the future loss to
Canada so it is clearly intentional in
mining I mean I continue to find
evidence and as you say Ezra that little
speech in Toronto by the foreign
minister who is negotiating this trade
deal is is is is is the last piece of
evidence you ever need to know but this
government really doesn't have its
primary goal is not last its primary
goal is to win the next election and
it's to win it by getting Trump eight
boats and if that means not to fails or
if that means not to gets delayed and
the economy suffers it really doesn't
matter I mean the Prime Minister is
already as he may have seen the Prime
Minister is already warned that there
may be potential disastrous effect to
the auto sector temporary he's already
warned that why now why would a prime
minister warned that that is something
that you would could not possibly have
happen but he's already warned it and he
it's already been you know publicized
well that's what I am having trouble
coming to terms with and I remember when
you first put your thesis to me a few
weeks ago that Trudeau wants us to fail
and Trump wants it to fail so Trump can
pull those factories from southern
Ontario and I think there's a small car
industry in Quebec to pull those into
battleground states like Ohio and
Michigan and maybe Pennsylvania in
Indiana
because Trump would win he'd bring the
jobs home the factories home he doesn't
care about votes in Ontario and Quebec
and Trudeau would win in that he can
right now the anti-trump so in a weird
way they both win but here's what I
don't get about this and and answer me
this if you can you talked about the
pipelines that won't get built those are
jobs that don't exist now that we won't
get and that's a crying shame but but we
won't feel it as much as a job that does
exist that's taken away so let's say
we've given up thousands of jobs in
pipelines that will never be built and
oil sands projects that will never be
built it's we won't sense that loss
because it didn't exist to begin with
whereas if you actually shut down an
existing factory there will be real
people who really do lose their jobs and
it will be tangible and visible and
painful to families how can Trudeau
think that that enormous body blow to
Ontario and partially the Quebec of
shutting down those factories won't be a
disaster economically and also
politically is is running against Trump
really a stronger asset than creating a
hundred thousand hundred and sixty
thousand unemployed new families well I
can only conclude that there aren't
variants for the Liberals answer is yes
or we wouldn't be here at the brink of a
disaster they it may only be two or
three ridings but how many more votes
that are across Canada and it's 24/7
media on on everything that Trump's done
wrong and it's now starting to happen
with Ford it's just it's amazing but so
so yes it might affect one or two
writings but the number of people that
will blame that it will blame Trump it
would be we will all kind of be on that
side so they've done the metrics and and
yes a hundred thousand jobs a few
ridings is not as big as a big picture
that's my estimation I haven't found any
evidence to disprove what my theory is
and I'm not listen every day I wake up I
hope that I will I'd hope that I'd find
it but when the Prime Minister just one
or two days ago said said in getting the
people ready saying be careful there may
be a impact there disruption to the auto
sector that's already saying hey we like
where we're going and we don't mind if
Trump does this hmm you know part of me
thinks well maybe this is brinksmanship
maybe this is banter this is people
taking positions in a negotiation and
it's just high drama but it'll all be
resolved but I want to believe that but
I don't sense that and I and I mean I
don't understand why Chrystia Freeland
and I understand that Gerald Butz the
principal secretary to Trudeau and Katie
Telford the chief of staff the Trudeau
they were down in Washington too but
they're not professional negotiators
they're their political activists their
speech writers there the political
managers they have talents that's for
sure but I don't understand why we don't
have professional negotiators doing them
to go well you know well we have
negotiators that are negotiating for
what they want I mean you keep going
back to the point that there are
professional goes ears and they're all
doing the nasty deal we thought Canada
probably have some great negotiators but
they're been giving the marching orders
from the government and and you know so
so and their premise or their hope is
something else so so it is happening as
it's played out
I mean I as you started with the clip
and I will go with that
under no circumstance would anyone ever
attend a a forum that says Trump is a
tyrant in the last days of a NAFTA deal
especially when I mean we're not even
talking about a an MP we're not talking
about
we had an MP that was removed by by the
Liberal government cabinet minister that
when she spoke poorly against George
Bush she was removed now that's a
sensitivity that we want to have that's
not the case we have the most senior
cabinet minister who is in the last days
of negotiating going to this seminar
calling Trump a tyrant
that has to tell Canadians a lot
it speaks great buttons but NAFTA is
secondary to another cause and the other
college is political plain and simple
and I would love anyone to give me any
evidence that I'm wrong because it is
everywhere I go and as you know as right
I now have a tweet thread on that's up
to about 60 tweets that simply pointing
facts and this last one is just another
one that that that leads me to the
conclusion that the primary goal is not
NAFTA man you've been very generous with
your time and we spend a few minutes
watching that clip I have just one last
question for you because I I just want
to know your thoughts on it
if one day comes when Trump announces
that 20% tariff on our autos and he's he
said that would likely be the figure
what kind of domino effect would that
have on our dollar on our yeah on our
interest rates on consumer confidence
what would happen the day he announces
those tariffs you know as our I have no
idea what would happen at our dollar it
would be devastating but but you know it
is it is you know we the fact that we're
this close and we're only fighting for
chapter 19 and culture and if you look
at the issue of culture in Canada
I mean you turn on CBC and catch your
news in the first 50 percent of it is
American it's always American I mean so
so to sit there and say that we are
going to come to the brink of disaster
our stock market our jobs our auto
industry for chapter 19 where a judge
gets to decide a dispute where liberals
normally want judges to decide the
speech they're very happy about that and
the issue of culture it doesn't make
sense to me at all
well many as usual you leave me more
informed but less happy yeah well I
listen I'm not a happy guy I am I love
this country I have fought for this
country as you know Ezra for almost 30
years I've taken a lot of risks for this
country and I am a very very unhappy guy
the last video that you that you started
this broadcast with just deepened my
sadness yeah
well many I'm glad you're fighting for
Canada by speaking the truth to our
government and I think the fact that
your videos are so popular as a
reflection of the fact people just can't
find thoughtful criticism elsewhere in
the in the media so I thank you for
being here today and I hope we can keep
in touch with you in the weeks ahead
right until this issue is resolved all
right thank you and thanks very much
Manny Montana Greenough a former lawyer
to Stephen Harper and the CEO of think
sharp that's an excerpt from my daily
show the as relevant show weekdays at
8:00 p.m. Eastern every day I do a
monologue interview a guest and read my
fan mail and my hate mail to subscribe
go to the rebel da media slash shows
you
