posters have started appearing across LA
which depict the YouTube shooter Nasim
Eggman you might remember that story
from earlier this year she was a 38 year
old youtuber who had a large online
following in Iran she experienced
censorship on YouTube which hit her
financially slashing her income and
hurting her brand you know the policy
YouTube began censoring channels some
time ago d monetizing content that
didn't fit with their PC guidelines and
it pushed her over the edge
the woman took a gun to the YouTube
headquarters and shot multiple people
and then ended up killing herself these
posters are playing on that theme and
making a disturbing point they say you
next they could mean you'll be censored
next which is true or they could even
mean that you may become victim to the
next incident like this and we certainly
hope these posters are not condoning or
encouraging any violence of course but
let's face it the more people feel like
they are being ignored or treated
wrongfully the more they're going to act
out like it or not if the world is not a
perfect place and there are sick people
in it and censorship doesn't make for a
cohesive society and as censorship gets
worse maybe so will the backlash
I've seen how censorship on YouTube
works they use age restrictions or they
just flat-out mess with the algorithms
to make your videos less popular and yet
artists like Nicki Minaj who pumps
sexualized content to children don't
have age restrictions I mean doesn't
that prove some kind of gender or bias
meanwhile art is being censored left
right and center one gallery and
Manchester took down work by John
William Waterhouse specifically at work
called Hylas and the nymphs which shows
young at naked names tempting a young
boy into the water and to his doom they
claimed it was taken down to provoke
discussion but the discussion was of
course about whether they
should be showing erotic Victorian art a
painting Facebook has tried it as well
censoring anatomical nude artworks even
a self-described queer feminist artist
has struggled with artistic censorship
so what's going on here
art is censored but there's sexualized
pop songs and popular culture still
plastered all over social media for
everyone to see new posters in LA are
pretty to the point and probably
offensive to some but perhaps the point
here is that censorship doesn't promote
healthy discussion
it gets people really angry and that
could only hurt our culture of free
expression the internet noticed this
that's where the hashtag censorship
Kills comes from well I hope it doesn't
because there's a lot of censorship
going on if you want to see more from me
and the rest of the rebel team like and
subscribe
you
