over the last week or so we've heard the
news about a Wisconsin college that
allegedly told conservative students
that their 9/11 never forget posters
violated their school's biased policy it
was a huge story and spread around the
internet and naturally so Fanning 9/11
memorial posters is a bold statement
it's one of the greatest tragedies in
modern histories with families all over
the country and all over the world being
heartbroken the whole city of New York
was shook and the country changed
forever
so the outrage surrounding this story is
quite understandable but there might be
more to it and as conservatives and as
rational decent people it's important we
consider the facts and it turns out
there's more to the story
the young America's Foundation had
displayed more than just 9/11 memorial
posters they were in fact hard-hitting
and honest displays of other varieties
of Islamic terrorism that have affected
America the posters included images of
the beheading of American journalist
James Foley as well as images of the
attacks on us compounds in Libya other
images show the 2016 Orlando nightclub
shooting and that's where the issue
began the story here isn't that a
university banned a 9/11 memorial I very
much doubt any university in the US
would get away with that even if for
some reason they wanted to what happened
here was a college administration got
scared by a conservative youth group
telling some truths administrators in
the college apparently received
complaints from students who considered
them offensive that's right offensive
and so of course they took action god
forbid a student is offended by reality
interestingly though there wasn't
actually a ban a meeting took place
between young America's Foundation and
the administrators but it did not result
in any action at least yet
Spencer Brown a spokesman for the young
America's Foundation cleared this up
himself he said that he didn't use the
term
ban in his reporting and that these
schools administrators actually try to
just discourage the students from
hanging the posters again this year so
the story here well it's not so
clear-cut but it does show something
kind of worrying students are
increasingly offended by real events I'm
sure that 9/11 offended much of the
world but that doesn't mean it didn't
happen and it certainly doesn't mean
more incidents aren't going to happen
what kind of future does America have if
our young generations grow up not
wanting to face the facts face the harsh
reality of life and get on with solving
problems if you want to see more from me
and the rest of the rebel team like and
subscribe
you
