Oh No and SAS is gonna leave the
Republican Party and that raises
important questions like how the hell
would we even notice yeah the latest
Republican to try and take up the mantle
of maverick from John McCain is Ben
Sasse the Nebraska senator now Ben Sasse
is like John McCain without the courage
bravery and track record of actually
doing something except running his damn
mouth you know Ben Sasse is one of those
obnoxious church-lady guys who sits
there going Chuck Todd I am so
disappointed that's not who we are
oh well I never this this is the Ben
Sasse mode ever since Donald Trump got
elected because people like Ben Sasse
had an unbroken track record of failure
in pursuing conservative goals he's been
whining bitching and seething why
because the spotlight has moved off him
he's the kind of guy who writes books
write about how disappointed he is in
all of us you know it's a shame shame
shame shame shame I'm Ben Sasse and you
know and it's tiresome it's annoying
what has been sass actually done now he
is a reliable Republican vote he really
is and that's what some of his fans
inexplicably this Gebo has fans say well
he's with us 87% at the time and yet now
his latest thing is well a lot of times
I wonder if I have to leave the
Republican Party because it just doesn't
meet my exacting standards anymore Jake
Tapper and other liberal media guys who
have me on because I'm willing to say
that I'm ready to leave the Republican
Party because it doesn't meet my
exacting standards anymore
well if he is you know agreeing 87% of
the time with Donald Trump maybe he's
the problem okay
maybe it's not a little Trump maybe he
just started a swallow hard and go well
you know maybe the American people
didn't elect a guy to be best friend or
pastor maybe they elected a guy to kick
ass take names and get stuff done
because they're sick of people like Ben
Sasse who talk a good game but don't do
anything what has been sass done besides
show up and run his mouth no seriously
what has he done is there the sass bill
to defund Planned Parenthood know that
that's not a thing how about the sass
bill to protect our right to speak when
tech giant's try and shut us down how
about the sass bill to protect our gun
rights when we go from one state to
another and apparently the Constitution
ends at the borders of places like New
Jersey and New York and California and
and what's ass done about that ain't
done nothing except whine complain and
bitch like a little bitch Ben Sasse is
an example of what's wrong with
conservative incorporated it's guys who
write books and pose and posture and
then get their panties in a wad when
somebody actually comes along and throws
a punch you know this what culture war
ain't go to win itself you need warriors
you need fighters you need people who
are willing to get in there and wrestle
in the mud not stand aside and go oh my
gosh what a sissy I'm so tired of them
all of us are tired of him now he's not
hugely important and he's going to come
around because the people of Nebraska
aren't gonna real liked him if he keeps
doing this stuff he'll do the Lindsey
Graham he'll do like you're one through
four he'll be like a real critic and
then you're you know you're five and six
he'll be like build the dang wall but
right now it's just annoying but
treachery is always annoying people who
stand me in a bag are always more
annoying and out of proportion to their
true affect so when people say well if
he's dead
if he's never trampers she's not such a
big deal why are you getting so upset
about it
no it's human nature get upset about
people
who screw you over and it's not
necessarily related to the objective
effect that they're gonna have on the
fight objectively Ben Sasse ain't gonna
derail a populist revolt that Donald
Trump is the avatar of and which I write
extensively about in my book knowledge
at normals which all of you should be
ordering and Ben sash in order because
it's got swears and it didn't make him
cry but anyway look it's very obvious
that the parties don't match the
ideologue ideology of their constituent
coalition's anymore
that's why we had Democrats voting for
Trump that's why we had some so-called
Republicans actually going over and
voting for Hillary the parts have to
what people have to ship people have to
say I'm not a Republican anymore people
have to say I'm not a Democrat anymore
so I've got no problem with them if you
know it's true of course with Ben Sasse
it isn't true because Republicans remain
the Conservative Party and conservative
stuff is what Ben Sasse Mouse to get all
the conservative and boys love so you
know Ben if you want to leave go ahead
and leave just when you do don't let the
door hit you on the sass this is take
that with Curt Schlichter if you want to
find more stuff about me you can go on
my Twitter account I tweet once in a
while it's at Kurt Schlichter you can
also follow me and my doings at townhall
every Monday and Thursday where I write
a column that makes people like Ben
Sasse cry and also go get my book
militant normals it's coming out October
2nd but you can pre-order it so it will
be arrived steaming-hot on your doorstep
on the 2nd or 3rd of October
you
