but the insanity goes a little deeper
you probably didn't notice it at first
when I showed you the tweet but look in
there when you when you zoom right into
the image closely you see all those
little pictures of people on them there
there's a whole bunch of hit jobs there
for example these are people who were
apparently are offended these are is
what offended people look like I'm
guessing what a happy photo shoot that
must have been inviting in a bunch of
models and telling them to pose for
photos but don't smile people stop
smiling look angry and sullen I think
that's what they did here but if you
look at those little faces and look at
the words written that you see there's a
word written on each of those little
faces
let me read them to you victimized do
you see that word their fear hurt alone
sad
humiliated anxiety can you see those
words you gotta look sort of closely
there is that what the South Yorkshire
police are now fighting people who feel
sad because I thought fighting against
the natural human emotion of hate was
going to be tough now the South
Yorkshire Police are trying to eliminate
the natural human emotion of sadness and
being alone which actually is not an
emotion you can be alone on purpose you
can be alone because you have been a bad
person and no one wants to spend time
with you so it's good that you're alone
or you can be alone because you like
peace and quiet and you are an introvert
and you think the world has gone crazy
including the police you don't want to
talk to the South Yorkshire police
because that makes you anxious another
one of the bad words seriously is being
anxious a reason to call 911 their
anxiety you saw that right I put it to
you that this will cause anxiety not
solve it what tools would a British
policeman have any ways to combat
loneliness or anxiety or sadness do they
get some sort of training in the British
police academy these days on how to make
people less sad well this video will put
a smile on your face it's the launch of
new rainbow painted police cars in
you're cured take a look we challenge
home pop culture week 29 to raise a
rainbow I think those are Toyota Priuses
I can't quite tell you know I wish some
of this effort and energy that the
police are putting in to feelings and
rainbows and unicorns was put into
solving real crimes in Yorkshire just
two days ago this Muslim woman named I
an alley stabbed a man in the downtown
shopping market in in South Yorkshire
maybe if she had seen those rainbow cars
she'd have felt less hate or less sad or
less lonely or something or maybe she
just would have laughed at the cops
instead of getting all stabby or maybe
the opposite maybe she would have known
that all the police that day were at a
special diversity and feelings training
session at the police headquarters so
she'd be left alone to do her stabbing
or maybe she knows that if the police
approached her she could just call them
racists and say they're committing a
hate crime against her or a hate
incident or just making her anxious so
they should back off or she'll file I
hate complaint that's an excerpt from my
daily show the Azrael Avance show
weekdays at 8:00 p.m. Eastern every day
I do a monologue interview a guest and
read my fan mail and my hate mail to
subscribe go to the rebel da media slash
shows
you
