insane news today an Ontario judge named
Edward Bela Baba struck down the better
Local Government Act also known as Bill
v in Ontario that law would have cut the
number of politicians who run Toronto
City Hall down from 47 city councilors
to 25 47 city councilors for a city is
absurd
the planned 25 politicians would match
the boundaries of the federal and
provincial districts it was a smart idea
as the late Rob Ford would say it took
on the gravy train or the law passed in
the Ontario legislature and everything
was supposed to be in effect for the
upcoming Toronto civic election but to
Howard democracy an extremist left-wing
judge thinks he's the premier the
province not Doug Ford so this judge
just ripped up the law even though the
city of Toronto's own legal department
acknowledges that the province has
jurisdiction to make decisions over
cities like this this isn't the first
time that judge Bell Obama has made a
shocking extremist decision just last
year the same judge ruled in favor of
the convicted terrorist Omar Khadr see
Conor was given a 10.5 million dollar
gift from Justin Trudeau actually from
taxpayers well the family of the man
that caught her murdered sergeant
Christopher spear tried to freeze the
government's payments to Qatar so they
could get some compensation for the
murder but Bela Baba quickly refused the
victims case signing with the terrorists
I think judge Bela bhava should quit
being a judge and run for the NDP and
see how many Ontarians support his far
left politics until then we need to help
Doug Ford fight back against the gravy
train and into lead as protectors in the
courts please help me by doing two
things number one sign this petition to
Doug Ford and let him know that you
support his legislation and insist he
proceed with it number two let's fund a
real public opinion poll independent
scientifically statistically valid to
find out what Ontarians really believe
do they support this unelected judge or
do they support the elected premier of
tario dug at Fort Doug Ford is doing
what he said he'd do he's standing up
for taxpayers fighting the gravy train
but a small group of elites including an
extreme judge are trying to stop us all
please support Doug Ford and visit stand
with Ford dot CA go to stand with Ford
see a sign the petition and help us
raise the two thousand dollars necessary
to conduct a statistically valid opinion
poll
you
