increasingly as we go about Britain we
find people whose line they get they've
got to that point we have elderly people
who write to us and say you know that
they they've lost all faith in their
country so is that sort of part of what
you were about kind of trying to give
people something to almost hold on to
absolutely I want to take the best of
Britain and bring it forward because I
said we're going into a new era I want
it to be a for Britain I want us to be
in this new era for Britain people as
you say particularly older people don't
recognize Britain anymore I don't
recognise Britain anymore it's changed
dramatically in the last 20 years even
in the last 10 years I want us to grab
back a bit of what we've lost the
British sense of humor even has been has
been no diluted down where we're
frightened can't squash where you know
people don't feel free they're afraid to
express an opinion they're afraid to
express a fact we need to get that free
Britain back we need to get that
humorous Britain back we need to get
that relaxed fun Britain back it's just
as I I don't know if you feel it too
there's a tension and I think it's all
over Europe and I think people are
increasingly feeling it and they're
starting to push back but we want
Britain to still exist in 50 years time
if we can achieve that the Britain we
know and love if we can get it back and
preserve it for the next generation
that's the aim that's what I want to do
a free Britain that looks like Britain
that feels like Britain and that has
this flag fly
you
