I'm here outside Westminster where a
rally's taking place obviously for
brexit it's run by an organization
called unity I thought I'd come along
see what's going on there's quite an
interesting cross-section of society
here and what's interesting is that
today
Tory's amazed do to make a big
announcement by the time this goes out
the announcement will be there and I
will have a report on it so let's wait
and see what happens there and let's go
and have a chat with some of the people
here and see what's going on
so I'm outside Westminster today on the
first pmq since the summer recess the
politicians have finally come back off
holiday and today I'm with David Clues
who's the organizer of unity so David
can you tell me what's happening here
and maybe a better background on unity
well Jack what we've got is we've got
grassroots people out we've got people
have just had enough of Tony's army and
the overall Briggs at betrayal and the
country's in an absolute mess and just
know and not only plagues it's so much
sort of angry people saw today's and
weathers our second demo we've done
we're looking to do a lot more it's that
grassroots movement there's just sick
and tired and we just want to do what we
can because the political parties aren't
listening in it and unity was founded
nine months ago and we want to change
things in the UK by mobilizing people
and getting people talking a bit like in
America you know grassroots activism is
much much bigger than I made a covenant
as in in the UK and people are sort of
sick and tired of the two-party system
and and their inability to break through
that two-party system saw and we need to
just do what we can to change things
people over there protesting they say we
didn't vote for a No Deal so we need a
second referendum did you vote for No
Deal what I voted for was a clean break
between the United Kingdom and the what
they've actually done is the opposite
they have gone out of their way to make
life really difficult for the UK trying
to leave the EU on the basis that if
they make it so difficult that the
British people just throw their hands up
in resignation that will dissuade a lot
of other European countries from going
down the same route I voted to leave as
they'd many people knowing that there
may be some issues to clear better
country
this idea that you require constant
economic growth as a fallacy and
Britain's in such a mess in terms of
claim in terms of mass emigration people
aren't actually prepared to see things
go back a bit to take ten steps forwards
here and that's how most people feel I
would have had a brexit been an American
I think it's all about independence so
I'd love to break away from the EU
definitely at the time I definitely
would have both voted for brexit so
would you agree that people voted
in the referendum for more than just
leaving the European Union perhaps a
rejection of politics yeah a hundred
percent there you've got to remember if
it wasn't for working-class people in
parts of the UK that aren't Tories you
know as the problem is this entire
debate is know about the Tory party it
was in predominantly labour leave areas
that the huge votes people hadn't voted
for years
chemo and voted because they want to
change so when she says there won't be
another referendum do you believe er
well hopefully there's not going to be a
second referendum but if there is a
second referendum I will go out I will
vote again and I think if a second
referendum happens I think it'll be 75%
will vote leave I'm not sure there
should be another referendum on whether
we leave but I think maybe there should
be a vote on maybe different options of
how we leave definitely I think people
would be very angry that I'm having to
vote again for suddenly voted for before
if the last general election what would
have just said well we're not happy to
these anyone we'll just have another
Briggs it there would've been anarchy on
the streets and British people are quite
small see conservative I don't see there
being an arc here in with industries but
there will be a lot of angry people and
I think we would be able to mobilize
much bigger numbers and get our points
across it may not happen in the way that
we had originally hoped it would happen
and it looks to me like the people who
are behind making the decisions at the
moment are trying to do it in such a way
that it would be such a fudge that the
British people will say ah this is just
too much trouble
maybe we'll forget about him I think
we've all been left in the lurch I think
a lot of people who have voted for
brexit that wanted a change are being
hugely let down so they were let down
they voted to leave and now they're
being let down again and I can see how a
lot of people would change their minds
now I mean anybody that calls himself a
socialist and believes in the European
Union is not a socialist the European
Union and it does not is the interesting
thing if Jeremy Jeremy Corbyn wants out
the EU is just not brave enough to
actually admit it because to actually
control our own affairs to control their
own industries you need two European
Union and and for the left of Labor to
go so auntie brags as a betrayal of Tony
Benn Michael
you know real socialist so actually
believe in leaving what are you seeing
in terms of backlash or at least a
reaction to the project fear obviously
we've been told that people with
diabetes won't have access to insulin
people with cancer are going to die in
hospitals what's the reaction being with
the the activists in unity well we all
will agree it's a ludic garbage and and
we know that it's false because they
made these predictions in 2015 and 16
they say there would be are an emergency
budget they say that the country would
collapse and it's not happened so why
should we believe these people no you
don't believe the scare tactics say
somehow they're right and there's a
recession I don't think there will be
say there's a recession you're willing
to take that yes I am definitely willing
to take that yes I am definitely willing
just like that yes we might take a short
term hit economically because I'm sure
this thing that we're planning won't be
seamless but the alternative will be to
remain tied to the sinking ship of the
EU and things are going to get a lot
worse in the EU than they are now why
should we be part they're part of that
when we've got an opportunity to get
away from it if there was a recession
would you be willing to take that
because it's broke because for the sake
of brexit I would say a few years then a
lot of years so as people are outside
protesting inside Prime Minister's
Questions are going on it's the first
one since the summer recess and a couple
of interesting things have happened so
far so first of all Theresa May has said
that 6,400 civil servants are preparing
or working to prepare for a no deal
breaks it whatever that's going to mean
but also Andrea Jenkins you've probably
heard of a Tory MP she's just stood up
in Parliament and said she's facing
serious in with intimidation tactics
from Labour Party activists and of
course Theresa May all she can do is
apologize that it's happening but it's
not her fault jeremy corbyn's got a lot
of things to answer for with this
they're becoming more and more extreme
the anti-semitism issue in the labour
party which I've seen brushed off by
some activist as a minor issue
compounded with the fact that labor
activists are becoming more and more
militant more and more angry more and
more violent in many cases there's a
serious problem going on it's affecting
politicians trying to do their job what
you feel about the Labour Party with its
increasing extremism will happen later
on
I open til carbine took charge and I
would never ever vote for that man there
is such a disconnect between those in
power and and and people like us and
I've never known it so big in my life
and suggest that the whole institution
of Westminster is corrupt not
necessarily cut off from a financial
perspective but from a moral and an
ethical perspective you and and and it
just needs to change the whole culture
of politics in this country needs to
change you know I go what a Libra people
would be really turning in their graves
if they saw what happened to the Labour
Party you know they don't put working
people first no and and and I think
their behavior and the way they condemn
people as racists if they're worried
about immigration it's it we've had
enough of them it's nonsense she's meant
to be making a mystery announcement
today probably about now at p.m. queues
what you reckon it might be I would hope
that her mystery announcement would be
that she's stepping down and that she
wants to open a general election and
hopefully we can get a patriot in power
thinks you will know she'll probably
give sang stupid like you know tax
breaks or whatever for the rich or what
oh I don't know I don't know I don't
keep up with BBC Parliament I watched
your channel not their channel would you
like it to resign who would you like as
leader Jacob Riis marks in all truth
what do you think the behaviors been
like of the left commendable respectable
or otherwise well it's interesting the
horse on a freight paradigm I don't
think maybe exists as much no you know
one with Nico on some things I even
class myself as a as a left-wing are but
and the these people you know are the
sort of extremists there and Tifa tight
people and their behaviour really
disgraceful you know your euro enjoins
hope today results in is that we can put
people on the streets that we can be a
voice for people to come out and just
see their see their peace and you know
social media is so important knows many
ways that's the modern battleground
Facebook Twitter and it's about having
conversations with with friends and
family about a bit what's going on one
of the big problems is apathy in this
country lack of political engagement and
especially from people that have
attained was more populist you know when
this are hard left and anarchists say
you know these people are highly engaged
but
people are cruel British you know we
tend to be a lot more quiet about it
imagine loving that you you this much
your t-shirt sums it up quite well
doesn't it brags it means breaks it out
now here's well though we have an
interesting little cross-section of
society there that kind of confirmed a
few things for me things we pretty much
already knew is when people voted to
leave the European Union it wasn't just
about the EU that that's a big part of
it obviously but it was a rejection of
politics a rejection of the status quo a
rejection of these people in here that
consistently ignore the will of the
British people and funnily enough they
did it again when they voted to leave
the European Union as we've been
protesting outside today PM queues the
first one since summer has been going on
and there was a big statement expected
from Theresa May it turns out it was
about Nova choc confirming that actually
the people involved were allegedly
involved with the Russian government I
guess we can follow that story but
nothing about Briggs in interesting it
looks like the October deadline isn't
going to be met so there may well be an
emergency summit in November so really I
think there's a lot to be angry about
and I see exactly why people are out
here protesting and Jack might be for
the rebel media if you want to see more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
remember to like and subscribe
you
