a new poll shows that 40% of British
Jews could leave the UK if Jeremy Corbyn
became Prime Minister the anti-semitism
crisis in the labour party just seems to
be that getting crazier by the day
doesn't it because if you might remember
a while ago the story was that Jeremy
Corbyn was unable to control the
anti-semitism within his party but now
he's the anti-semite I'm not saying
that's not true I don't think it's an
exaggeration at all to call the man an
anti-semite especially when you look at
some of the people he's been willingly
hanging out with very recently but a
poll has just been released by the
Jewish Chronicle which explains a huge
rise in numbers of British Jews who say
that they'd be willing or would consider
leaving the UK if this man became prime
minister 40 percent of British Jews now
there's around not 290 thousand Jews
estimated to be living in Britain so
that's more than a hundred thousand
people just think about that
the Jewish Chronicle reported British
Jews between 35 and 54 are most
concerned about the prospect of a Labour
government under mr. Corbyn with over
half saying emigration is a serious
consideration and amongst Jewish women
fear of the impact of mr. Corbyn
becoming PM is so great that over forty
four percent say that would give serious
thought to leaving the country
51 point seven seven percent of British
Jews said they were not seriously
consider leaving with a further nine
point seven percent saying they do not
know the results in the latest survey of
British Jews carried out for the JC by
polling company servation support claims
made by the former chief rabbi Lord
Sachs at the weekend that the Labour
leader is contributing to Jews openly
questioning whether Britain is still a
safe place to raise their children it's
funny isn't it a party that so often
compares people to the Nazis if they
dare talk about their concerns with
immigration they are in fact the party
that are causing Jews to fear for their
own lives to fear for their own children
to fear for the future of their family
it's disgraceful that this is happening
in 21st century Britain why has it come
down to me to talk about it I think it
tells us exactly what we need
the Labour Party is the new nasty party
you might remember that phrase if you
know if you're into politics and even
after adopting by the way the Labour
Party recently adopted that full
definition of anti-semitism that's
accepted universally even after they
finally adopted that after much hoo-ha
and arguing over it by the way they
still got work to do they still have
work to do they can try and patch over
it by saying okay fine fine we'll accept
this definition that includes the
suggestion that criticising viciously
Israel is anti-semitic they finally
accepted it but that's not enough is it
because it's an understatement I think
to say that this party has some issues
with anti-semitism it's not so much work
they need to do you know they do need to
do some work now and it's not work on
perception of what they are it's work on
actually defining who they are defining
who they are reestablishing that
connection with the British people who
are becoming increasingly worried by
labour I think let's not forget the only
reason the Tories are doing better the
Labour is because you keeps increasing
in the polls a little bit but I know
means as Labour a hugely hugely popular
party but the Labour Party has to stop
kicking out the anti-semites and I think
that includes Jeremy Corbyn how are we
meant to believe that this isn't an
anti-semitic party by the way when in
the newest NEC of actions their
executive council elections people that
have been entrenched in this
anti-semitic storm have been reelected
and one person in particular is really
worrying she's called Yasmin da she
publicly declares her support for the
Iranian Islamic Revolution she
celebrates the revolution every year at
an event we've seen videos that have
come out about it recently and let's not
forget this Iranian Revolution you know
this is a political regime that
considers Israel their greatest enemy
and they won't stop until they wipe it
off the face of the earth
make no mistake labour is a new nasty
party and it always has been I don't
think this is an issue of new people
being anti-semitic in labor
I think they've always been there and I
think now they're coming out of the
woodwork because they're being
emboldened by people like Jeremy Corbyn
and emboldened by anti-fur and
increasingly increasingly far left young
people
catch up with all the rebel stories on
our brand-new app which you can download
now from the Google Play Store and the
Apple App Store
you
