not be it proper at this time well that
is an excerpt from the longer more
riotous scene on Capitol Hill yesterday
as Brett Kavanaugh Donald Trump's
nominee the second nominee for the
Supreme Court of the United States it's
a new democrat strategy of shouting down
blocking D platforming even mainstream
conservative Republican picks this by
the way was not some random organic act
photos have emerged of protesters
literally being paid cash to protest and
the Democratic congressmen themselves
have acknowledged that they coordinated
in advance with these street teams my
thesis is that this is merely the latest
step in the move of the left 2d platform
anyone they don't like that it's not to
debate but to shut down first they went
for Alex Jones now they're coming for
friends like Gavin McInnes and his proud
boys fraternity Gavin joins us now via
Skype from New York Gavin great to see
you again thank you for having me sir I
think that you were merely an appetizer
when you were kicked off Twitter when
your proud boys were all kicked off
Twitter when you have being deep
platformed when they pepper sprayed your
face when you went into New York
University when you were I think the
main reason our cruise last year was
banned from Norwegian Cruise Lines
this.d platforming of the right it's not
actually aimed at you Gavin it's aimed
at anyone who disagrees with the left
you are just the test drive don't you
think yes it's aimed at anyone on the
right who might help Trump get reelected
and that means
appealing people who were charming
they're not concerned with Richard
Spencer because he has no appeal they're
not concerned with David Duke they are
concerned with funny people who will
have rational reasons or their small
government proton beliefs and it's not
working
what what's not working because I am
terrified by how well the D platforming
is working and I don't mean necessarily
people being banned I mean it like
thrown out of buildings I'm terrified of
the high tech banning I mean you were
vaporized on Twitter without warning
explanation or or appeal Tommy Robinson
was kicked off Twitter for the same
reason Alex Jones was kicked off just
about every platform on the same day so
I think it is working that's what scares
me about it
you know what's not working is this this
bush to deed legitimate Trump and to me
well not like him anymore Trump is
getting reelected I promise you and
similarly in Canada Justin Trudeau was
trying to censor the mockery of him
that's making him even less appealing so
every time these people do that things
yes it's inconvenient for us yes we need
to find a new social media but our
popularity keeps growing Alex Jones the
day after he was banned had the number
one app on the entire Internet yeah
you're right and the thing about Alex
Jones is you mentioned a couple of
Fringe racists you mentioned Richard
Spencer and David Duke Alex Jones is not
a racist obviously he engages in
conspiracy theories but the way I see
his place in the conservative firmament
is he's an and a uniform he's an
omnipresent skeptic he's he's skeptical
he's an equal-opportunity skeptic he
calls BS on everything he disputes
everything he doesn't believe anything
which I think if you have to be a sucker
who believes everything you say from
Authority or if you want to be a bit
paranoid and challenge anything you hear
from Authority these days it's probably
better to be a universal skeptic and
does he go too far sure is it
entertaining you bet
I believe that his use is that he
doesn't believe anything he reads and he
gives airtime to any contrary view
that's why he has a huge viewership
unlike David Duke or Richard Spencer
that's why they want to shut Alex Jones
down because he actually is an important
voice even though I think he goes too
far obviously on certain matters his
little paranoid but he's a universal
skeptic I think there's two things going
on here and it's funny that you and I
are talking about it because you're more
into politics than me and I'm more into
fun than you both of those things are
why he was banned he was banned for
conspiracy theories and I agree with you
what the hell's the matter with the
conspiracy theory Watergate was a
conspiracy theory before you know Vince
Foster then breaking into his office
that was a conspiracy theory before it
was confirmed conspiring a theory about
conspiring good get some theories about
conspiring I want the government to be
under scrutiny but the second point is
the fun he was hyperbolic he was
screaming throwing his papers at the
camera he was banging the table he's
ripping his shirt off he was colorful
and funny yes obviously and this whole
war can make everyone think the same is
ultimately a war on fun and a one-color
that I keep talking about this radio
station in Austin that's booting out all
of these bands that might like Trump and
what you end up with is Stalinist radio
where every musician feels the same
about every subject and every song is
supporting same agenda that's not what
the West is about that's what the east
is about Jeff you know I saw this insane
essay the other day about post comedy
where it's it has the trappings of a
comedy routine but it's not funny and
that's that's the comedy that there will
be left after we get rid of the I mean
you know that was it who was it or well
or was it Solzhenitsyn who said every
joke is a little revolution it was
socialism was sent to prison for making
a joke in a private letter and all it
was was a nickname he called Stalin the
whiskered one that was enough to send
him to Siberia that's how I think we're
getting to that kind of crazy mob rule
and except for it's not one tyrant it's
the tyranny of the mob New York Times
just had an article about this I believe
it was yesterday that was complaining
about private Facebook groups and they
mentioned it up ice talked to my friends
on private Facebook groups they talked
about anti-vaccine anti-vaccine people
now obviously you and I are on the same
page with vaccines we support them and
I'm against the idea of not vaccinating
your children but what I'm against more
than that is the concept that you're not
allowed to privately criticize big
pharma yeah
we're now at the point now where private
discussions are under siege soon they're
gonna be subpoenaing our texts and in
recording our conversations this is this
is already trapped reading into dark
territory well I mean as you know Robert
Spencer not Richard Spencer the Robert
Spencer of jihad watch MasterCard I mean
they back down since but they just said
oh we're not gonna we're not going to do
any transactions with you as if
MasterCard has morally reviews every
single expenditure that it would be like
your cell phone company calling you up
one day and saying hey we don't like
some of the conversations you're having
on our cell phones so we're gonna take
away your phone number and you have to
and by the way all the other cell phone
companies are too because you've been
saying some bad things
that's the politicization of everything
I want to I don't want to take too much
for more your time used to know your
busy day but let me show you a clip from
those same Brett Kavanaugh hearings on
Capitol Hill there is a young woman I
think she's with the White House her
name is zina Bosch and let me show you
you can see I would give an 8 I think
she's a Benjamin buttons babe in that
she's getting hotter as she gets older
she's a very beautiful woman and the
name zina Bosch as you can detect from
it and let's play the the the b-roll of
her sitting there she's behind Brett
cabin on the right there as you can see
and she's just resting her fingers on
her arm but it looks I guess if you're
looking for like some encoded hidden
message it looks like she's making the
okay symbol on her finger I guess if
you're like
who is that Dan fella who had all these
secret cryptic things that the Louvre
you know the these oh I'm just trying to
remember the name of his awful pulp
fiction novels about these Vatican
conspiracies anyways if you're looking
for a secret symbol that apparently is
it and look at this tweet look at this
tweet about what Xena Bosch did with her
fingers more context for the Xena Bosch
incidents during the cabin I'm hearing
she is sitting normally then checks her
phone to read something some are saying
a text but we have no confirmation then
she holds the pose at issue for over 30
seconds with a slight smirk you be the
judge
Dan Brown that's the name of who I'm
thinking about the conspiracy theorist
fiction writer so talk about consider
who has more of a conspiracy theory
Gavin is it Alex Jones who's asking
questions about about government or is
it some kook on the Left who thinks that
that Jewish Mexican lawyer who puts her
finger like this for a second is
tweeting out I'm not even kidding
they're implying it is a white power
signal they're implying even more
they're implying that the text said
something like it is time and then like
mashed egg wpe or something but I think
you and I might differ a tiny bit on
this use you think they're being
willfully ignorant and pretending that
they believe if that is a thing I
disagree like if this was a Salem witch
trials you're saying they're calling
that person a twitch just because they
want to kill them I think they actually
believe this person is a witch hmm I
think they believe that there was a text
and I saw other tweets from occupy
Democrats and big companies pretty
mainstream leftist groups saying they're
not even trying to hide it anymore
they're probably get in our faces I
think leave what they're screaming huh
you know it maybe it's a bit of both
maybe some people believe that a Jewish
Mexican lawyer female woman not not male
women but that there's so many little
check marks that you
check Mexican check FEMA check that she
is a ye power advocate some people
believe that but other people say you
know what we've just got to step on the
brat Cavanagh hearings we got to throw
it in the air son they've got 300
million Americans you know maybe a half
a million people will believe it and
we'll just rev up our base and I think a
lot of it's fake but you know what would
I think what they're trying to do is
they're trying that proud boys if I
they're trying to Gavin McInnes a fly
Alex Jones if I an accomplished young
woman Hispanic lawyer in the White House
that's how far gone they are last word
do you Gavin you know what it is also
it's projection they do hi Tulse in in
media they do these writers for shows
they will tell you later that that
character was trans or this person was
gay or even the guy who wrote Star Wars
said that the Darth Vader and the Empire
was meant to be white white nationalism
and that would really what the the
message was or there was speaking of
proud boys there's this guy Josh and
röszke I believe is his name and he he's
the one who got them kicked out of this
bar in LA which were illegally pursuing
and he admits on podcast very openly and
when he wrote for Spongebob Squarepants
that he would sneak in communist and
socialist messages into Spongebob and
then you look sam Hyde who was booted
from Adult Swim because someone lied and
said he was sneaking in secret swastikas
and all right that's it just which he
absolutely unequivocally was not so they
are accusing us of doing what they do on
a regular basis yeah you know so funny
the amount of outrage over this little
hand symbol which isn't even like that
that's the letter F in sign language or
it's okay or fantastic in common
parlance Louis Farrakhan the head of the
Nation of Islam was sitting next to bill
clinton at Aretha Franklin's funeral oh
no racist he's really a black Klansmen
that was just edited out of the whole
thing but an innocent
non non gesture that's dominant news
we're living in crazy times I hope you
keep fighting the fight down there Gavin
I always well my friend all right thanks
for taking the time there you have
but Gavin McInnes he has a show called
to get off my lawn on CR TV and what a
pleasure to talk to him today via Skype
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
