there is a campaign underway in the UK
to overturn the vote for brexit it's
called the people's vote a fancy name
for a second vote on the brexit
referendum when I asked the people's
vote for an interview to explain why the
first vote doesn't count but a second
one might they gave me
Femi Ottawa Femi on Willy is the
co-founder of our future our choice oh
fuck operating under the umbrella of the
people's vote targeting young voters
oh fuck believes there is no good that
can come out of brexit for young people
this team had a list of demands ahead of
our interview that the interview be
shown in full without edit and as
promised that link is available now on
Hopkins world
Femi even announced on his Twitter feed
he didn't want to do the interview with
me which might help explain his outfit
or lack thereof but life is short and
many of us have really important things
to do with our day so I have made this
short precis of the salient points and
executive summary if you will of the
arguments presented by femi and the
campaign group our future our choice
I'll let Femi explain what they're all
about in his own words our campaign
basically says young people are not
happy with the way things are going
nobody is happy the way things are going
especially people who voted for brexit
because they wanted things to get better
and the government has been screwing it
up so there has to be a vote on the
final in the final deal or if there's no
deal a vote on that the our future our
choice Brigade like to quote the fact
that in five years the majority of the
people who voted in the referendum will
have voted remain what he's trying to
say here is that a lot of people who
voted leave will be dead but I'm still
alive and I wondered does it mean that
your vote is more important the younger
you are what if I have a term
illness should I even bother turning up
to vent into in 20 and 21 according to
the pollsters who have done the
calculations based on the original vote
and the age demographics of that vote we
will have a population in the country
they voted to remain in 2021
we will have so on an 1892 oh yeah
you're three years in three years we'll
have a population in this country that
voted to remain that's your argument oh
that makes the point that before brexit
is even complete well you have the
transition period which goes until the
end of 2020 and then after that we then
have to have to start making all these
trade deals with other countries we have
to we have to relay to say the country
to get all the in three years the
majority of the country would have voted
remain yeah but I will hopefully I mean
God knows actually probably not but I'll
hopefully still be around yes so are you
saying that the younger you are the more
democracy you should have no I'm saying
I'm saying everyone's vote is equal and
given that in in 2021 if you count
everybody who's around it at that point
but is equal then we will have a
population the motive to remain now that
would mean the world of people in 2021
will be programming more importantly I
wanted to know just who is funding femi
and oh fuck they have the use of
prestigious offices right on the Thames
in London they're campaigning on the
road across the UK and have a sizeable
team to fund and feed Femi has clearly
gone way off script so the vast majority
of our funds are crowd sourced so in
December I basically quit my job and
launched the crowd funder that said and
this was before I met the other members
of and they basically said we basically
said hi everybody
I'm gonna be trying to deal with brexit
for the next year or so please make sure
I don't start so you have a crowdfunding
site yeah I gotta create a copy on the
site in December now right now yeah we
have we have that you can donate on the
on the website you have a crowdfunding
site now I think I think I think it was
out I think it ran out in you don't have
a crowdfunding site so who's funding you
now I'm saying that we had
reading you now who's funding Milbank
floor if I try to have a floor of that
building would be very expensive who's
paying for that you're asking who's
funding the people that led a squat in
their offices I'm asking who's paying
for the offices that you use mm-hmm
it's a simple question that would be a
mixture of I think open Britain think
yeah it's a thing about eyesight isn't
it when people don't know the answer
they look away well we get we get some
money from up from up in Britain we get
some money from Britain open bit number
Britain big open Britain they haven't
they haven't online donated donation
platform as well and so we've got we
have an agreement with specifically with
open Britain the best of Britain and
that money they give us can't come from
their online donation so curious funding
streams who's funding people's vote
again online donations primarily things
were not adding up now and in an
explosive fit of rage and oh fuck team
member overseeing our interview burst
into the studio to shut down the
conversation telling femi it was time to
go home attend a name of another
pro-european group that funds you would
be better Britain great and and all that
this would be starving after 10 minutes
we're taking a break
sure how long would you like a break
let's go talk oh you keep filming guys
yeah thanks so if emily is now gonna go
and take a break because his manager
doesn't approve of the line of
questioning that we're asking it's an
open it's an open line of questioning
about and then we'll look continues do
come on camera you're going I don't know
if Emily wants to go
with your manager with his colleague
thank you it's a curious thing I asked a
simple question and all night honestly
one is a simple answer but rather than
face uncomfortable truths head-on
campaigning types prefer to try to
waffle their way out of it with an
answer no one really cares about I was
struck by the differences between femi
and myself at his age I grew up working
in the local wimpy McDonald's Woolworths
and the local cake shop for one pound
forty an hour that's about two dollars
in new money and after uni I joined
their army I wondered if femi had ever
worked in places where people can be
less than polite or where it is your job
to clean the bathroom or shine the
stainless steel countertop oh whether
he'd actually ever had a real job that
he didn't quit what job did you do when
you were 14 or 15 16 I think I decide
yeah I worked as a drummer in the local
church and I also helped with the power
help with the power power and power
point projections for the hymns and
stuff that was what I was doing and that
was it wasn't really a job it was it was
it was voluntary at the weekends I think
you didn't really have a job did you did
you 14 15 16
what part-time job have you had at 16 so
I worked in McDonald's I was the
drive-thru girl I was to pick a mix girl
at Woolworths this this is very obscure
to an American audience I respect but I
was the the bun girl in the local cake
shop where did you work when you were 16
or 17 I've worked as a delivery driver
for Domino's I've worked as the wash so
doing dill dishwasher washing the pots
at a pub I worked as a hotel
receptionist were added everything from
sorting out the pool cleaning toilets
and then you went on to have an
internship in Europe oh yeah okay a
couple of match Li and then
left your internship parachute now so
right now I'm payin paid from all fuck
itself which again has its own
crowdfunder and then gets and gets
certainly don't have any crowd funding
at oh fuck now we just disturb lost at
forty five thousand pounds doesn't just
disappear that is money there's money
that we have we have in the bank that
he's paying you now right now all fuck
is paying me out of the money that we've
raised some score under and the minority
a small minority comes from other poor
European groups and I wondered with
these campaign type so certain their
view is right so sure they know better
and yet so far removed from regular
Brits drafting in mundane jobs trying to
do the best they can for their family
and a fourth of things they need
it seems so often those in favor of
remain come from a rarefied world of
privilege so far removed from the impact
of open borders or immigration on
hospitals and schools
what gives family the right to try and
subvert the will of hard-working people
in the UK I think family's most
pertinent argument is this you voted for
brexit because you wanted things to get
better right now a third of our food
comes with comes comes from Europe right
now half of our traders with Europe many
of the parts in your supermarket that
therefore they're from Europe and what
we're doing right now is we're creating
a situation where we have different laws
on either side of the border now that is
only going to increase costs because
that's why businesses want to subdue
Maine in a single market because that
means they only need to make a single
version after that product for it to be
legal across 28 jurisdictions now that's
what lowers cost if you if you leave the
EU if you have to trade further away if
you make it more expensive to trade
that's going to make your life harder if
businesses from Japan for example one
want to when they invest in this country
they build factories here because we
have easy access to the rest of Europe
for example with Nissan in Sunderland if
you want things to get better if you
want the jobs if you want jobs if you
want things to be cheap brexit is just
going to screw with things and if you
look at if you look at what treasom a is
doing she is going to give away your
sovereignty that is what she's asking
for
she's asking to be part of a common rule
book in which the UK no longer has a has
a pen right now we have 73 of the 750 m
EPS in the European Parliament as three
times more voting weight than the
average European
and what we're asking for now is to give
up our safe to be less sovereign than EU
members now I think that is going get
toward the people but I remember when we
voted on the 23rd of June our choices
were leave or remain black or white this
or that we voted leave accepting the
rough with the smooth
despite project fear and regardless of
the final deal haggled by spineless
politician no deal sounds like precisely
the kind of breaths that I voted for in
the first place regardless of our
differences I'm struck that family and I
aren't / brexit or whether we support
leave or remain or politics or even by
our age I have faith in Britain I
believe we're stronger standing on our
own two feet trading openly with the
rest of the world controlling our own
borders making our own rules according
to the Democratic will of the people
working for a living brings a whole new
understanding of the value of democracy
and the country you pay to support it is
different for Femi
and his friends protected by the bank of
mom and dad gifted private schooling and
now bankrolled by the easy income of
donor dollars and campaign cash they
have yet to truly value independence I
think it would be best for Britain I
think it could be best for these young
lads
- perhaps penny you should give it a try
you
