Drake knows what it means and he knew
exactly what he was doing and he knows
what he's signaling do let's talk about
what it means you talk to hells angels
like oh hey hey we're just a motorcycle
club we're just a bunch of biking
enthusiasts actually Joe we all know
come on let you know this is organized
crime this is about drug trafficking
this is about incredibly nefarious
activities talk to any police officer
about what the Hells Angels really are
so what is Drake saying by wearing a
t-shirt that is you know if displaying
the colors and the logo of an organized
crime outfit I think what he's trying to
say is that he's looking for street cred
himself and he's doing it through the
Hells Angels the Hells Angels aren't
known for diversity and yeah you know
what I mean so I don't understand it I
guess he can't wear a he tends to lean
towards the Bloods
he wears red most of the time okay even
on a Blue Jays game you'll see that
he'll have something red or are you
aware the one that they wear on Canada
Day so and he's been called up before
for you know flashing gang signs which
he says they weren't this is the thing
with this guy and this kind of thing is
that every time it's hard to say well
that's what this is or that's what
because they said no no no you're wrong
it's actually not that and so but he
knew what he was doing he was wearing
this Hells Angels thing I think he was
looking for street cred Hells Angels are
no fault for it you know I don't know
how they really feel about this guy
doing it but you know they're I don't
think that they're involved with him I
don't think he's a member I think he
just wants to look like he's a tough guy
you know Joe I think you're really on to
something profound here I mean when you
look at Drake I mentioned in the intro
this is the fellow from the mean streets
of for sale now for those not familiar
with Toronto Forest Hill is probably one
of the very best neighborhoods in all of
Toronto that's right you're up yeah it's
the absolute opposite of straight out of
Compton and I think for street cred I
think because of the rap hip-hop culture
it's important that you have this really
badass persona that you're a gangsta you
know that's what really counts I don't
get it myself but his lyrics reflect
that I mean rap I guess that goes with
that's art we're not in the censorship
around here and so you know it is what
it is this is one of these things where
you know you've got a guy who wants so
badly to be part of that scene yeah and
you know how he does it is and there's a
lot of things to like about Drake I mean
his career success is there he's from
here I think a lot of us are enjoying
how successful he is and he's taken some
of the local people with him but the
problem is they're on bail for violent
crimes taking me Europe and I think
that's the part that really bothers and
for me David is it's the whole thing
that goes back to around three years ago
when area Ariella
phanie Navarro for Noah was shot down at
the CNE at the music nightclub right and
he was it happened in front of Drake the
original shooting yeah and he never did
talk to the police and then a ball on
that issue he did and he was there and
his guys were there and we don't know
who killed the other guy Duvel Hibbert
and the shot that was either aimed at
him or somebody else that was fleeing
that went down the street and hit
Ariella yeah that was one of Drake's
fans if you're not gonna go and talk to
the police it up them for one of your
fans that I've lost a lot of respect for
you that's an excerpt from my daily TV
show the Ezra Levante show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
