last week we saw Tess Holliday grace the
cover of Cosmo and it caused quite a
stir in my previous video I talked about
the general headline on the cover where
it was kind of shocking all the things I
had on it and in a sad way kind of
hilarious but the main talking point
with everyone was Tessa's weight and the
health concerns about praising this
unhealthy lifestyle and I saw a tweet
that perfectly describes my perspective
on the whole modeling industry this
Twitter user said so we've swung from
anorexic to obese what about me an
average looking 40 year old when is it
my turn to have a magazine cover this is
hashtag body positivity hashtag average
hashtag earth your beauty standards
she also said healthy women are the real
victims hashtag finally a victim hashtag
get me a cross this is so perfect and
hilarious I mean in the 90s and early
2000s it was hard for me to get into the
modeling industry because they required
the waify anorexic look with strange
Beauty they even had to make rules to
stop the trend of anorexic looking
bodies in the industry by 2017 they had
banned extremely thin models from the
catwalk the Health Ministry says the aim
is to fight eating disorders and
inaccessible ideals of beauty so they
acknowledge that too thin is an eating
disorder but then they just replaced one
eating disorder with another and then
call it body positivity will they
acknowledge that obese is also an eating
disorder today they just skip past my
body type and went right to the obese
one what happened where is the healthy
middle sized another thing to point out
with this is the industry if it were run
predominantly by straight men basing it
on their overriding ideal they wouldn't
have anorexic or obese straight men like
the middle ground after all attraction
is linked to health and none of these
too low were too high of a BMI is
healthy and men can sense that
intuitively Psychology Today says
according to evolutionary approach
males are naturally attracted to mates
in order to maximize the number of
offspring produced the focus is on
women's youth health and fertility as
shown by physical features because a
body type is a reliable indicator of
health and fertility men are more
attracted to women with a lower waist to
hip ratio and an average BMI neither
thin nor plump and according to
today.com woman's idea of the ideal body
shape included a larger breast size than
men preferred on women they said we were
a bit surprised the Institute of
Neuroscience at Newcastle University
told today it is possible that the
female participants were exaggerating a
feature they felt was particularly
important so you can't exactly blame men
and society for this because women have
their own expectation of the ideal
standard of a body type and they are
trying to live it out on themselves and
it seems to me men prefer a healthy mate
not too low or too high of a BMI but a
healthy middle ground being about
eighteen point five to twenty four point
nine so you can't blame men in society
for the unhealthy expectations of
anorexic models nor can you say that
obese is something to be encouraged if
you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team like and
subscribe
you
