there is a 200 year old Museum in Brazil
that went down in flames this is so sad
for history and the future preserving
history and artifacts is so important
for culture The Guardian reports it was
the biggest Natural History Museum in
Latin America we have invaluable
collections collections that are over
100 years old
Christina cerejo one of the museum's of
ice directors told the GI new site
Marina Silva a former Environment
Minister and candidate in October's
presidential election said the fire was
like a lobotomy of the Brazilian memory
and that is just so sad to see what a
loss this is or reminds me of other
disasters like the burning of the
Library of Alexandria Alexandria was
founded by Alexander the Great and the
museum was founded by his successor
Ptolemy first sodor and it held over 100
scholars who lived at the museum
full-time to perform research write
lectures or translate and copy documents
the museum was a shrine of the muses
molded after the Lyceum of Aristotle in
Athens the museum was a place of study
which included lecture areas gardens a
zoo and shrines for each of the nine
Muses as well as the library itself it
has been estimated that at one time the
Library of Alexandria held over half a
million documents from Assyria Greece
Persia Egypt India and many other
nations no one knows exactly what caused
the fire of the Library of Alexandria
but the library was absolutely destroyed
the real tragedy of course is not the
uncertainty of knowing who to blame for
the libraries destruction but that so
much of ancient history literature and
learning was lost forever
other examples of such tragedies like
this is the invasion of Iraq in 2003
that led to looting of artifacts the
Atlantic reports on a story of lady
warga also known as the Mona Lisa of
Mesopotamia a priceless Sumerian
artifacts dating back to 3100 BC it's
the earliest known representation of the
human face it was looted from the museum
in Baghdad along
fifteen thousand other antiques fifteen
years after US forces toppled Saddam
Hussein some seven thousand deluded
items have been returned but about eight
thousand are still out there
this is so sad to me these things are so
sad for Humanity for history for the
future I just wonder what types of
information we lost in the fire of the
Library of Alexandria and in Brazil this
is where 3d digital scans and technology
preserving information could come in
handy but as I've reported before about
digital colonialism who would own these
and would they then be able to control
who can access these artifacts if you
want to see more from me and the rest of
the rebel team like and subscribe
you
