amidst a costly violent crime wave
across London the Metropolitan Police
has announced that they've simply run
out of things to sell to make money so
you've probably heard about the violent
crime wave in London stabbings or up
shootings were out murders up with more
than a hundred people murdered
this year alone but did you know about
the Met Police is serious financial
trouble which is part of the reason why
this is happening so today the chairman
of the Metropolitan Police Federation
has announced that London's police force
the largest police force in the country
the Met has simply run out of things to
sell I didn't even know they were
selling things the independent reports
Britain's largest police force has quote
run out of things to sell the chairman
of the Metropolitan Police Federation
has announced as it emerged the force
has sold more than 1 billion pounds
worth of property over the past six
years the Metropolitan Police said the
funding cuts that led them to breaking
point with officers often forced to
perform several roles at once we've sold
the crown jewels so to speak we've run
out of things to sell this is really
really worrying for society said Ken
Marsh chairman of the Met Police
Federation and he's right this is a
serious problem and while it's easy to
blame it all on Sadiq Khan which is it's
quite nice and convenient to do actually
the government holds a lot of
responsibilities in this as well so as
bad as Sadiq Khan is it's not all down
to him so let's talk about the cuts
Sadiq Khan always talks about the cuts
to the police and then the government
tells us that they haven't actually cut
the police funding so the idea that the
government's slashing police funding is
technically wrong so when the government
tells you that they're not lying there
being economic with the truth but
they're not lying so the amount of money
that's allocated to the England and
Wales police budget has remained the
same in real terms the issue is that the
costs of running the Met Police in
London are actually increasing so the
Met calculated that they need to save
around 400 million quid by 2021 and they
say that the extra spending for the
police force comes from a result of
riders
pay inflation which is natural and
normal in a regular that first world
economy pension costs are increasing as
well under also interestingly firearm
expenditure an investment in a modern IT
system hmm so first of all the
government hasn't responded to the needs
of the Met Police we have to recognize
that they haven't responded to the issue
of inflation and pension costs which
needs to be done that's a problem and
it's putting them at police under
massive strain so I don't blame them
when they target the government and when
they blame the government but shouldn't
we also be questioning the expenditure
of the Met Police it can't all be
pensions and inflation surely so while
Sadiq is increasing council tax to the
highest levels he can across London more
money is being spent on firearms now I'm
not against the police in London having
guns really they they kind of need it
but I wonder if the the rise in a need
for the police force having firearms has
something to do with the fact that
London is importing violent criminals
you know our capital city has seriously
violent ghettos throughout it now
something you never would have thought
of mark quite some time ago of course
there's always been crying but the
extent to which it's happening now and
how common it is all over the city is
really quite unprecedented as our
capital city is getting more and more
violent as some areas completely on
governor bore and the threat of terror
attacks let's not forget the the British
intelligence who's constantly stopping
new attacks from happening in the city
so of course the Met Police are gonna
need more guns it's pricey to have a an
environment that enjoys this wonderful
forced multiculturalism right now
combine that with the fact that London's
Met Police admitted that they have 900
dedicated hate crime officers police
officers basically sitting and scrolling
through Twitter all days so presumably
they're the ones benefiting from this
new modern IT system that they're
spending all this money on so I've got a
lot of questions about this you know
Siddiq blames the government then the
government blames Sadiq Khan and we've
got this endless battlin actually really
if we're honest they're both pretty
responsible for this the Met Police by
the way if you weren't aware of this
we're looking it up today the Met Police
has sold off hundreds of flats and
buildings that they've owned for hundred
of years it's amazing they even sold off
New Scotland Yard for three hundred and
seventy million quid to Abu Dhabi
investors they've sold off police
stations and residential box and they've
raised about a billion quid overall but
what happens when that billion quid goes
and as that billion quid is spent and
the money saved and the crime still
keeps increasing and the ghettos remain
the same and the police piggy banks just
won't be able to keep up with it what
happens then here's the reality of the
Met policing crisis the government
haven't technically slashed the map
police's budget but at the same time
they haven't kept up with inflation and
pension costs well again at the same
time Sadiq Khan hasn't prioritized
police funding properly as mayor he
should be doing a much better job of
that Ken Marsh the head of the Met
Police Federation says that the police
are reaching a breaking point because
they're having to act as social workers
and performing roles that they're not
typically used to performing he even
says that they're having to work as
mental health specialists in the capital
city and that they've now sold off all
the crown jewels flats apartment
buildings a New Scotland Yard to the
tune of a billion quid with nothing left
to sell this isn't going to end well
is it you can't keep selling off your
possessions to deal with a crisis that's
getting exponentially worse because
where does it end and what happens when
you run out of things to flog so misses
may give the Met Police more money it's
simple as that really but demand that
they allocate it in the right way
because no I wouldn't trust Sadiq Khan
and his mates in the Met Police at the
top of the Met Police I might add I
wouldn't trust them with all that money
allocating it however they see fit we
need some kind of body that gets
involved with this and says okay we're
going to give you more money for this
but here's how you have to spend it
here's how you can spend it that will
actually reduce crime and reduce
violence in inner-city ghettos we should
also be sending in specialists into the
crime ridden ghettos themselves to
arrest criminals and tackle violence it
can be done violence can be reduced and
crime in London can be tackled if you
have the political will to do it
catch up with all the rebel stories on
our brand-new app which you can download
now from the Google Play Store and the
Apple App Store
you
