Kesha made news in 2014 when she claimed
that she and other women including Katy
Perry were raped by dr. Luke a man that
she had a musical contract with however
recently unsealed deposition excerpts
show among other things Katy Perry
completely denying Kesha's claimed that
Katy Perry was raped and this bombshell
comes on the heels of another case that
was recently settled the case of Niki
Gavino a 20 year old college student who
admitted she made up to rape allegations
so as not to ruin a potential
relationship with another student these
are problems for many reasons Ben Davis
this is pure Hollywood
rape is a horrifying and abominable
crime an action that justly carries a
heavy prison sentence and complete
destruction of one's image a crime which
I believe in certain circumstances
should be punishable by death however I
am horrified by these recent cases Nikki
lovino alleged that two football players
raped her ruining both their sports
careers in college making them both
transfer to a different University and
left them for months thinking about
being faced with crimes that would put
them in jail for about ten years
fortunately much later Nikki admitted
that she made up and falsified these
claims and allegedly while one of these
football players were talking about
their lives being ruined Nikki Aveeno
quote appeared to roll her eyes as the
victim of her lies spoke of the impact
her falsehoods have had on his life
unquote and why would she do all this
she said quote it was the first thing
that came to mind and that she believed
when a boy she liked heard the
allegations it would make him angry and
sympathetic towards her unquote oh my
god how horrifying is that and the fact
that she would just toss around such a
horrific accusation is despicable
now Cash's high profile case has been in
the news for several years the popstar
claimed that a man who she had a musical
contract with named dr. Luke raped her
and other women and when I first heard
this story my heart broke and I was
thrilled that Taylor Swift donated a
quarter of a million dollars to help
Kesha
get justice one of the women who catch
acclaimed were raped was actually Katy
Perry and Katy Perry explicitly says no
no no no he never did any of this but it
gets worse the defense says that quote
the rape claimed was a part of a
concerted campaign to ruin his career
and extricate her from her contract
which i think is a pretty predictable
claim however when you combine that with
the actual emails that Ke$ha had with
both publicists and managers leading up
to this accusation it sounds awful one
email saying quote our goal is to help
extricate client Kay from her current
professional relationship with personnel
by inciting a deluge of negative media
attention and public pressure on the
basis of the horrific personal abuses
and apparently her management discussed
quote plans to ruin dr. Luke and take
down his business and dub the press
campaign a jihad unquote the fact that
this was so organized and planned out is
shocking and coupled with the fact that
musical contracts are notoriously hard
to get out of I mean do you remember
prince in his campaign to get his
drought even changed his name to a
symbol and Kesha did clearly not want to
be in this contract the fact that she
was so flippantly claimed someone like
katy perry was raped is disturbing and
even lady gaga had to testify in this
whole thing and keep him on this is not
a twitter hashtag this is being under
oath in court whether some of Kesha's
other claims are true still remains to
be seen and if dr. Luke did what she
said I hope he goes to jail for the rest
of his life the fact that you would
claim other rapes to get out of a
contract is horrifying throwing around
that accusation so flippantly when it
can literally take someone's life away
and I just hope these stories give us
clarity to pause and wait for due
process to happen rather than jumping on
conclusions and listening to the mob
I'm Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood
and another fantastic news you can now
download the rebel and take me with you
wherever you go to get exclusive content
and the entire rebel lineup
you
