animal lovers rejoice you see those
cartoon animal crackers have finally
been liberated from their cartoon cages
and it's all things to those miracle
workers at PETA but what does this mean
with regard to real threats facing real
animals in the real world nothing of
course
at long last Nabisco has redesigned the
century-old art for its Barnum's animal
crackers cookies
here's the old Barnum's animal crackers
box as you can see the animals are in
cages being part of a cast for the
Barnum & Bailey & Ringling Brothers
Circus that operation was put out of
business last year thanks in part to
PETA of course but what's an animal
rights activist to do if he or she
doesn't have a cause to pursue that is
even remotely connected to critters so
it was that in 2016
PETA reached out to Mondelez
international the parent company of
Nabisco and suggested that depicting the
animals in their natural habitat would
be the ethical thing to do that's the
animals on the animal crackers box and
incredibly Mundell has actually listened
to the real-life animal crackers that
make up the rank-and-file of PETA for
here's the new illustration for Barnum's
animal crackers oh joy the creatures
have been liberated from their confines
and are now standing in solidarity in a
pristine jungle although I'm thinking if
you ever did witness such a scene
wouldn't the zebra and the giraffe be
really freaking out right now due to
being in such close proximity to the
lion or maybe this is some sort of peta
recondition lion one that only eats
veggies as opposed to varmints still at
the risk of coming across as being the
skunk at the proverbial garden party is
pitas victory really a victory I mean
what does new artwork featuring uncaged
cartoon animals truly accomplish when it
comes to the bigger picture you know
improving the lot of real animals that
are currently endangered or threatened
nothing of course surely getting a
manufacturer to change the packaging on
a box of cookies amounts to so much
useless virtue signaling I mean talk
about lame-ass slacktivism but this is
truly what PETA excels at indeed
remember two years ago when PETA took
exception to the name of a tiny
Tasmanian community called eggs and
bacon Bay yeah PETA wanted this place to
change its name from eggs and bacon Bay
to apple and cherry Bay the reason it
was hoped that such a whiz-bang
rebranding would promote a healthier
vegan diet amongst residents this is
what passes for animal husbandry
activism today well yeah it would appear
that PETA has been reduced to whining
about dumb irrelevant causes for it
seems that PETA is all about drumming up
publicity for the sake of drumming up
publicity and what better way to do that
then by going to bat for idiotic causes
like liberating cartoon animals from
cartoon cages as the immortal bard might
have a pint told by an idiot full of
sound and fury signifying nothing for
the rebel media I'm David the men's
Lloyd Menzies hey folks the rebel has a
new app please download that app and
take the rebel with you wherever you go
