a double shot of espresso with a side of
push-up bra what yep I'm gonna tell you
about it today on the Hollywood
conservative for the rebel the chicken
wing industry especially this time of
year with football season gearing up it
is booming now some people like Hooters
I prefer big Wang's yes seriously that's
what it's called or was called it was my
favorite wings joint here in LA and a
group of alumni from my University used
to meet there every Saturday to watch
our football games together but sadly it
closed
unlike Hooters it had nothing to do with
Hooters or wings
well Wang's as it relates to the
southern pronunciation of wings so there
wasn't any sexual appeal to the
establishment Hooters on the other hand
I guess I can kind of see the attraction
but they are still thriving and unlike
strip clubs where the primary draw is
well naked women Hooters has a business
model that in addition to scantily clad
waitresses they also offer food and
apparently that has paved the way for a
new food offering in this vain naked
baristas or almost naked
bottoms up espresso is a coffee shop
chain in California and Arizona and
their female staff wears not much
basically lingerie to work shockingly
here in Los Angeles the modern day Sodom
and Gomorrah we don't have one probably
because our market is already highly
saturated with good coffee we actually
do have really quality coffee here but
Chico California which is in NorCal
between San Francisco and Redding up
near those terrible fires their little
town has their britches in a bunch over
a bottoms-up location moving there the
business submitted an application for a
location at a strip mall that is near a
kids dance studio so parents with kids
who attend the dance studio including
the owner of the dance studio are pretty
upset over the kids being exposed to
this the owner said this in an interview
my first gut reaction is I don't want
our kids to have to be exposed to that
the inappropriate attire of the baristas
working in this establishment does not
align with what we are trying to teach
our kids at this studio now I can kind
of understand the dance teachers
perspective except I don't think that
the clothing that these braces are going
to wear is going to be much less than
kids with
see on the beaches here in California or
a water park
so I'm actually kind of concerned for
the welfare of these baristas have you
ever seen the folks at Starbucks when
they're steaming the foam that stuff
splatters but thank God for the free
market if this town collectively truly
doesn't want the business operating
there fortunately they have the right to
just not go unless they're liberals and
instead of letting the free market
decide they will protest but if I was
the business owner and I was
experiencing this level of backlash
before I even opened my doors I might
reconsider a new location
everybody have a fantastic weekend
thanks so much for watching
I'm Amanda head the Hollywood
conservative for the rebel if you
enjoyed my commentary and want to hear
more from all of us here at the rebel
subscribe to our premium content at
www.affordablecomm.com
