a 16 year old boy in West London has
been arrested for terrorism offences
the Metropolitan Police have released a
statement explaining that a 16 year old
boy has been arrested in West London on
suspicion of terrorism offences the
statement reads at approximately Oh 955
hours on Wednesday 29th of August local
officers attended an address in West
London and carried out a search during
the search officers discovered cannabis
plants as well as what is believed to be
an imitation firearm further searches
were carried out in the address and
officers found items containing an
unknown substance as a precaution
specialist officers were called to the
address and are now in the process of
recovering the items which will be sent
for urgent analysis to determine what it
is call ins remain in place around the
address the 16 year old boy was
initially arrested on suspicion of
possession of an imitation firearm and
cultivation of cannabis he was further
arrested on suspicion of Commission
preparation or instigation of acts of
terrorism under Section 41 of the
Terrorism Act 2000 and currently remains
in police custody at a South London
police station so it's an interesting
case right now but we have no idea what
the terror plot was or what the
intentions of this young lad were but if
I was to take a stab in the dark at this
it sounds to me like a fantasies
teenager who wants to become notorious
for something I mean if he is a convert
to Islam and say it's an isis-inspired
attack then why is he growing weed is he
a bad Muslim or does he just not know
that much about Islam or maybe it's not
an Islamic attack at all because it
doesn't really reek of an Isis style
attack but then again there have been
instances of young people attempting to
carry out attacks like this in the name
of Isis probably just because I don't
know maybe they're bullied maybe they
feel ostracized maybe they're mentally
ill and there's lots of reasons why they
would do it and it's happened before
there was a London teenager who was
recently plotting attacks with an
all-female terror cell which I reported
on recently and then there were also
five teenagers arrested in Australia for
planning and Isis style attack so this
crazy stuff happens and often it's a
white kids often it's non-muslim kids
doing it in the name of Isis and often
it's young white kids or young any kids
doing it in other
as well because maybe there's Isis maybe
there's but it's also entirely possible
that this was a young far-right activist
or I'm far-right terrorist who'd lost
the plot and decided to go out and kill
people now I believe the threat of
far-right terrorism terrorism is greatly
exaggerated by the left I really do with
it doesn't mean it doesn't exist because
it does happen at times and it's really
quite scary and nasty when it does so
anything I say right now is pure
speculation but this is a story worth
keeping an eye on because terrorism
doesn't seem to stop in London and even
teenagers are getting in on it but I
suppose that's part and parcel of living
in a big city right
you
