Facebook is experiencing descent from
its own users and employees within the
company I'm going to talk about that
today on the Hollywood conservative for
the rebel could there possibly be mutiny
within the ranks of Facebook employees I
know that it is a common misconception
that all of Facebook from top to bottom
is a bunch of brainless liberal robots
just mindlessly performing tasks loyal
to their almighty liberal leader Mark
Zuckerberg and while I'm sure that a lot
of them are brainless robot sheep as it
turns out there are a few free thinkers
at Facebook I know I'm as shocked as you
are as reported by the New York Times I
know anyway the New York Times reported
on a post to Facebook's internal memo
board entitled we have a problem with
political diversity in the post Brian
Emery who is a senior engineer at
Facebook wrote this we are a political
monoculture that's intolerant of
different views we claim to welcome all
perspectives but are quick to attack
often and mobs anyone who presents a
view that appears to be in opposition to
left-leaning ideology well-written but
not nearly scathing enough for my tastes
but anyway you might think that this is
just one rogue employee he's probably on
an island all by himself within that
company but since his posts went up over
a hundred people within Facebook
expressed support for his assertion they
formed a group called F beers
Facebookers for political diversity of
course many of their fellow employees
folks on the other side of the aisle
have lodged complaints saying that their
posts are offensive to minorities yes
that again however their managers
responded that these rogue employees had
not broken any rules which surprised the
heck out of me because I'm pretty sure
it's known that having a different
opinion at Facebook is
we breaking the rules of course we have
all heard about the scandals happening
over at Facebook Russian ads during the
election leaking and mishandling private
user data suppressing conservatives on
their platform like me so they're in a
heap of trouble at least in the court of
public opinion and a new poll found that
32 percent of conservative Facebook
users are ready to say to hell with it
I'm honestly shocked that among
conservatives that number is not higher
but anyway in a poll conducted by media
Research Center MRC who pulled a
thousand likely voters who are
conservatives they found that 32 percent
of them have either left or are
considering leaving nearly 70 percent of
those polled said that they distrust the
social media platform more than they did
last year 70 percent seriously so the
other 30 percent actually still trusts
Facebook the same amount trust that they
aren't mishandling their data a trust
that they aren't suppressing
conservative content on their newsfeed
have we learned nothing from the last
year or two it seems a little off to me
if you're one of those 30 percent
message me cuz we need to talk now you
might think that these rogue Facebook
employees voicing their concerns about
political diversity will get them
pink-slipped but maybe they are trying
to keep their job and keep the company
afloat maybe they see what the rest of
us see which is a platform that many of
us are growing increasingly skeptical of
to the extent that we're ready to bail
maybe these employees care about their
jobs and their colleagues and their
company and they don't want to see
Facebook crumble now I am NOT suggesting
that Facebook would ever completely fold
I think it's too big and too foul too
powerful for that but I think at some
point when you have enough people
jumping ship you start losing money to
the extent that you have to start
pouring more of your own money in it or
your company will suffer but hey there's
always George Soros to pump in some
Hungarian pastry dough he's been super
helpful to the liberal brainwashing Saul
Alinsky in cause and if that happens
Zuckerberg better call Saul thanks for
watching everybody i'm amanda head the
hollywood conservative for the rebels
if you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us here at the
rebel subscribe to our premium content
at www.affordablecomm.com
