ladies and gentlemen tzer's insurers
welcome to 2018 a world where nothing is
sacred not even sports we have stumbled
into a world where the left is so
devoted to race baiting and identity
politics that being asked to follow the
rules is now seen as racist highlighted
by those in the media like Michelle
Beadle of ESPN saying that Serena
Williams being asked to follow dress
code requirements was quote racial no
I'm not kidding I'm Ben Davies this is
pure Hollywood
this story is both frustrating and
fascinating because it clearly shows the
left attacks and shows outrage not
because of a political climate like they
claim or president Trump no no it's just
anyone they disagree with now Serena
Williams is probably the greatest female
tennis player to ever walk on the earth
and I really don't think this is much
her problem Serena Williams was asked by
the French Open to dress more
appropriately at competition
specifically not to wear a black spandex
bodysuit that she wore previously that
seems fair you know but not when it
comes to Serena Williams cuz remember if
you're a member of an oppressed group of
people that the left has deemed that way
if anyone asks you to follow the rules
of any company decides not to spend
millions of dollars on you and
endorsements or even if it's mentioned
from a tennis legend that you would not
beat a professional male tennis player
it's racist and sexist
since when is following the rules racist
well since the left committed to
insanity and took over all the media
outlets because obviously they forgot to
mention women like and white who wore a
white body student was asked not to wear
that again after she debuted at
Wimbledon in 1995 racist sexist no not
even a little bit because obviously that
would put this issue to bed that did not
stop ESPN who apparently just hires
exclusively leftist anyway Michelle
Beadle thought this was so unthinkable
so awful and she said quote there must
be a racial card being played here and
also quote this is not a good look for
the French Open or the French unquote no
no not just the enforcers of the rules
the French the French an entire group of
people have a bad look of being racist
because Serena Williams was asked to
follow dress codes if I was French have
you really upset about this and when you
call them out and people on the Left say
no no no you don't understand it's the
political climate right now it's because
of Trump it's just not true if it was
Mike Pence in office if it was George
Bush and office or even if you were
French and you don't bow down to the
leftist rules for your identifiable
group you are attacked regardless and
the fact of the matter is if you gave
special treatment to someone just
because of their racial group that's not
progress that's racism Kerry champion of
ESPN also came to the aid of poor Serena
Williams saying that the bodysuit
reminded her of the Black Panther movie
that's why she wanted to wear it and
somehow that's that's excuse the mixin
okay oh you like the movie okay you get
special privileges you can wear this
it's just so crazy okay being asked to
follow the rules is not racist and being
told that you can't be a professional
male athlete is not sexist and can
someone please wake me up from this
nightmare where sports is being ruined
and politicized solely to indoctrinate
an entire generation I'm Ben Davies this
is pure Hollywood and another fantastic
news you can now download the rebel and
take me with you wherever you go to get
exclusive content and the entire rebel
lineup
you
