remember heat or eat while it's still
happening and in fact it's getting worse
you may remember the idea of heat or eat
it was something that we saw in the
newspapers maybe 10 years ago and it's
it stayed around ever since because it's
still there and it was a scandal that
our older generation were facing a heat
or each struggle during the winters they
didn't have enough money to pay for both
food and heating and as a result
pensioners across the country were dying
they were freezing to death and starving
to death which is something you of
course don't expect in a first world
country but regardless it happened it
was a huge scandal and while this still
happens it's a tragedy that our
government can't really do anything
about because it seems that their
financial priorities are elsewhere
meanwhile the older generations the
people that fought for and built this
country are left to die in their own
homes but it turns out now that it's
spreading to professionals people who
are working living normal lives who live
on the outskirts of London the Guardian
reports on this low-income tenants in
the private rented sector face a heat
eat or pay rent problem because housing
benefit rates have failed to keep up
with the soaring cost of accommodation a
study has found the four-year freeze on
local housing allowance level which has
been in place since April 2016 means
some families must meet a shortfall of
hundreds of pounds a month on their rent
support according to the Chartered
Institute of housing so people who are
receiving benefits or government
assistance to pay for the insanely high
renter receiving less which means they
can't pay their rent unless they start
chopping money off other things so they
either have to choose to cancel you know
their food shopping or cancel their
heating bills or something like that
they have to reprioritize the funds they
haven't a lot of the time they just
don't have the money to do it I mean
they guess that's one of the reasons why
you see these short-term loan websites
and companies operating on high streets
everywhere now it's it's a big big
problem people are looking for new
alternatives they're looking for new
ways to get money because they simply
can't afford they're insanely high rent
and specifically the research from the
CIA
Aitch the Chartered Institute of housing
they found that private renters of
relying on housing benefit just to stay
afloat with the problem being that most
noticeably most noticeably this is
happening surrounding London of course
there's problems in London that I've
talked about before the the percentage
of poverty in London specifically
children living in poverty is sky-high
and we should actually touch on that so
I'll talk about that again soon
but it's commuter cities like Cambridge
Milton Keynes and Chelmsford were
particularly bad with this but there are
other areas other areas outside of
London in just normal parts of the
country Glasgow Briz de Bristol Greater
Manchester are all struggling so why is
it that people are now having to choose
between heating eating or paying rent
well there was a time in the UK in the
West in Europe even in America when
people ran households on one income the
times when the women stayed at home and
the men went out to work so something
has obviously changed obviously the the
amount money people bringing home even
when adjusted to inflation it's just
less people can't support a family on it
anymore because home prices are higher
because the population is larger we
haven't been able to keep up with the
pace of demand simply because demand has
been way too high people have been
pushed out of London the capital city as
population has soared to almost nine
million nine million in London
considering there's about 60 or 70
million in the whole country that's a
lot of people and high house prices in
London have hit the millions meaning
minimum-wage workers can't afford to
live in the city so then they move out
to the commuter towns and then they can
barely afford the train tickets together
in any way which is why these people
living in the community belts
surrounding London are struggling to pay
their rent her to eat or to pay their
heating bills because the housing
allowance has decreased is it any wonder
these people are having to choose
between food and heating I don't think
the answer is more benefits that's of
course a short-term solution you could
give people more money and things might
take over for a little while longer but
I think the answer is addressing your
serious economic problems that they're
sauce we must start balancing out our
population and first of all stop the
influx stop the massive influx there's
particularly draining places like
Londyn and then we must address the
social housing situation in London and
allow the economy to settle allow it to
calibrate with a a new base population
that doesn't change rapidly every month
and then when price house prices go down
London will once again have a working
population a working-class population
that don't have to struggle just to live
you
