now you know people on the left wish
that this movie was called
intellectually diverse financially
oppressive people of color but it's not
crazy rich Asians hit the big screen the
left mostly praises not for it's
pro-life pro-capitalist and pro-family
values no no of course not because the
movie is obviously doing well because of
diversity in a movie that has absolutely
no diversity it's so funny to see the
left to attempt to hijack a successful
movie for its cause I'm Ben Davies this
is pure Hollywood crazy rich Asians is
one of the surprise hits of the summer
but why
well the failing New York Times claims
is because quote the power of diversity
which of course is as ridiculous as
saying this movie is actually diverse
the reason it works is the same as any
good movie good writing compelling story
and stirring emotions and laughter not
whether the performers themselves are
white brown yellow turquoise or Lena
Dunham I think she's from Mars or
something anyway as a viewer I give
crazy rich Asians a 5 out of 5 Ted bear
the CEO of Movie Guide once told me that
if you make an audience laugh and cry
you have a good movie this movie does
both it's emotional it's funny its
fast-paced and it moves the entire time
and the movie itself is charming and
engaging but they didn't reinvent the
wheel at this story stop me if you've
heard this before a fish out of water in
a hostile environment must choose love
or returning to something familiar seems
like the classic set up of what we
always like to see and they do a
terrific job in a gray cast and charming
writing to pull this movie off in that
story as a critic I give this movie a 5
out of 5 this movie was really a solid
film as well this falls in the shoulders
of the director John Shu does a great
job of cutting together and chopping up
this movie making it fast paced and
including symbols and items throughout
the movie that pay off in the end adding
depth and layers to every single scene
performance-wise Jemma Chan was
absolutely stunning on camera as well as
giving some really grounded emotional
performances throughout it however
Michelle Yeoh and I think I'm
pronouncing her last name correctly
absolutely crushed this movie she
commanded every single scene and she's
been a powerhouse in blockbuster movies
for years you may remember her from
Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon which was
up for Best Picture as well as for me
growing up one of my favorite Bond girls
ever but of course in this movie they
couldn't just focus on the performances
in storyline they had to also politicize
Aquafina an actress in the movie shouted
to the world that quote we are out there
and we exist yes you do in China
produces I believe the third most movies
in the world and is the second biggest
box-office in the world and India
actually being the top producer of
movies in the world however in Bollywood
and in the Chinese market they're almost
exclusively Indian and Chinese actors
represented on screen however in the
United States asian-americans make up
about 5% of the population and so by
those numbers you'd see about 1 in 20
performers on screen to look or appear
to be Asian I also think it's
fascinating how counter to the narrative
the success of this film actually is the
left pushes for diversity which implies
that the majority white Americans in
this country discriminate or look down
upon people of a different ethnicity
keeping out people of a different race
so by that logic you would think that
China would be embracing this film right
now you'd be wrong because it might not
even show there because they predict
that it would flop so where's the
success this movie coming from over 91%
of all the box-office gross for this
movie it's from just the United States
it's done almost nothing internationally
which would show that the majority of
Americans just support good movies and
don't care who the performers are my
faith in values for this film is a 4 out
of 5 I love seeing the left stumble and
attempt to grab on to any part of this
filming claim that's why it's been
successful and the only thing they could
say is that the leads are from an
oppressed group however the wonderful
Asian performers in this movie are
clearly not oppressed in the movie and
other than a few of a third wave
feminists references there's absolutely
nothing the left can claim in this movie
in fact many of the left-leaning Asian
outlets around the world are slamming
this movie and brace yourselves they're
claiming there's a lack of Asian
diversity and are criticizing the movie
for showing people who are wealthy as
good and not praising the people of the
lower-class throughout this film no I'm
not kidding
the left is absolutely unbearable and
unappeasable it's the same everywhere it
has nothing to do with race however my
favorite message is not just the
pro-american message in this movie
showing a woman in China fleeing for her
life to come to America to start a
better future and able to achieve it
because the way America is or even the
pro-christian and pro-family values
clearly shown by Nick Young's family
showing the family reading a Bible and
condemning a lifestyle of being selfish
and just pursuing one's own passion and
desire but rather promoting living a
life sacrificially for others and
putting family first however my favorite
message in this movie is the pro-life
message the mother the lead girl
pregnant with the man who is not her
husband and rather than ending the life
of his child she forgoes her livelihood
and her safety to flee China and come to
America sacrificing everything she had
for the future of this child and enlists
sacrificially to give this beautiful
girl hope and a future
all in all crazy rich Asians was a
pleasant surprise and I highly suggest
you go check it out I've been Davies
this is pure Hollywood and another
fantastic news you can now download the
rebel up and take me with you wherever
you go to get exclusive content and the
entire rebel lineup
you
