actor James Woods has a solution for
Nancy Pelosi when it comes to mass
shootings and I also want to talk about
some gun legislation happening here in
California all of that coming up today
on the Hollywood conservative for the
rebel
who does not love some James Woods
seriously on a daily basis this guy
lights up liberals on Twitter like it's
nobody's business if you don't know who
he is James Woods is an actor you
probably remember him from the Mafia
blockbuster casino as well as straw dogs
and the TV series shark and Ray Donovan
and when he speaks out on Twitter he
seriously does not give a you-know-what
and he's still working in Hollywood it's
amazing but seriously if you're not on
Twitter it's worth getting on there just
so you can see his tweets and mine to
obviously follow me on Twitter at the HW
Caan okay so after the Jacksonville
shooting our lovely California Democrat
Nancy Pelosi of course was popping off
at the mouth about gun control every
time something like this happens cue the
gun grab and she tweeted this my
thoughts are with everyone impacted by
the shooting today at the Jacksonville
Landing but thoughts are not enough as
we continue to track developments it's
clear Congress must stop stalling and
act to protect Americans from the daily
tragedy of gun violence hashtag never
again well James Woods has a better
recommendation and it's something that I
have been saying for years every time I
tell people we need more guns not less
guns I get that crazy look but truly if
we had more guns in places that are
currently gun-free zones these mass
shootings wouldn't happen at least not
to the degree that they have been James
Woods replied to Nancy Pelosi's tweet
and he said this hopefully by outlawing
the so called gun-free zones that are
making innocents vulnerable to gangs and
lunatics on a weekly basis referring of
course to Pelosi 'he's call for Congress
to act now I thought that I would use
this opportunity to go through some of
the very concerning bills up for vote
here in California Legislature as well
know I live here in LA and it's it's
pretty safe to say that my gun rights
are infringed here in LA because I can't
have a concealed carry permit the only
people who can here in LA County are law
enforcement
and if you can prove a case to a judge
that that proves necessity which as a
conservative in LA
I think that I would qualify but anyway
they don't think so so we've got Senate
bill 1100 that's sponsored by Senator
Portantino he is district 25 he wants to
raise the minimum age to purchase a long
gun from 18 years old to 21 years old
Senate bill 1177 sponsored again by
Senator Portantino would prohibit a
person from making more than one
application to purchase and the dealer
delivery of any type of firearm within
any 30-day period
Senate bill 1487 this was sponsored by
Senator Henry Stern he's district 27
that would prohibit the possession of
certain African species of wildlife now
I know this sounds strange but the true
goal of this is to ensure that a lawful
us hunter is not able to bring home a
hunting trophy even if the animal was
legally hunted legally taken and the
hunter has the approval of the US
government even in that case they want
to make it unlawful again bucking
federal law assembly bill 2103 sponsored
by Assemblymember Todd Gloria his sister
78 would add certain requirements in
addition to the already mandated
training courses for a citizen to obtain
a concealed carry license again this is
outside of LA County does not apply here
because concealed carry permits are null
and void here unless your law
enforcement currently concealed carry
permit holders are already required to
receive up to 16 hours of training prior
to receiving a permit in at least four
hours of additional training every two
years prior to renewal a b2100 three was
passed by the Senate on August 21st and
is now eligible for a concurrent vote in
the assembly so again that would that
would increase the training hour 16
hours prior to receiving the permit in 4
hours - prior to renewal Assembly Bill
2888 and this is the one that is
actually the most concerning for me this
is sponsored by Assemblymember Phillip
ting he's a Denver
crowd from district 19 this would expand
the list of those eligible to file gun
violence restraining orders GPRO beyond
the currently authorized reporters which
include immediate immediate family and
law enforcement so as of right now the
people who are willing to file a
complaint or a concern are immediate
family members in law enforcement the
new list is expanded to employers
co-workers and employees of a secondary
or post-secondary school that the person
has attended in the last six months gbr
OS can remove a person's right without
due process and not because of a
criminal conviction or mental education
excuse me adjudication but based on
third-party applications so this is
something that has been concerning to me
for a while it kind of draws in the
argument about you know people with with
psychological conditions and you know
where do you draw that line it's a very
slippery slope so now here in California
this bill being proposed says that
basically anybody can file a complaint
against you and therefore your right to
own a gun here in the state of
California is negated so if you have you
know an employer or an employee a fellow
employee a colleague who you have a
contentious relationship with and they
want to they want to really put a thorn
in your side and make a dig then they
can make this complaint this is this is
seriously seriously Big Brother and what
merits a complaint like they think that
if you get angry over you know something
done in the workplace that that that is
worthy of them filing a complaint it's
very very scary again it's it's
California aka California but I will
stay on top of these and let you know
what passes I'm not sure what the fate
of those is going to be but I will keep
you posted thanks so much for watching
everybody I'm Amanda head the Hollywood
conservative for the rebel if you
enjoyed my commentary and want to hear
more from all of us here at the rebels
subscribe to our premium content at
www.fortuigence.com
and download our new app for the rebel
media on the App Store that will give
you easy access to all of our latest
videos and your favorite rebel shows
thanks so much for watching I'm Amanda
head for the rebel
