so what is the latest wordage to come
under the ban according to the
self-appointed language police well it's
none other than the immortal catchphrase
of Lotte nice loft for Tali
yeah apparently using the word guys as
in you guys or hey guys is identifier
non grata these days you see guys is no
longer inclusive enough in our oh so
polite society of 2018 in which people
kind has dethroned mankind well at least
in the mindset of Justin Trudeau indeed
the latest trait first world problem to
receive the full fledge factual feature
treatment in the Atlantic magazine is
the improper usage of guys the Atlantic
article is entitled the problem with hey
guys and the deck reads quote a broad
coalition of English speakers teachers
retail workers ice cream scoopers and
plenty of others is grasping for a more
inclusive greeting end quote really do
you think that's really true folks that
teachers and retail workers and
baskin-robbins employees etc etc are
grasping for more inclusive greetings
because right off the bat the needle on
my internal bullshit detector is veering
hard into the red zone but as the story
goes in this day and age of 17 or 31 or
is it 84 genders guys is apparently not
inclusive enough not diverse enough
after all just consider that person
currently identifying as a gender-fluid
non-binary asexual spirit unicorn is
that guy truly a guy apparently he or
she or Z or Z is an it but unless you're
addressing cousin it from The Addams
Family or a certain homicidal clown from
a Stephen King novel it's probably not
too cool or polite to refer to anyone as
an it unless that person is identifying
as a refrigerator or a toaster perhaps
so then what are the options according
to the Atlantic well a debate coach
specifically encourages his students to
use the word y'all I don't know about
you but y'all yeah it's gender-neutral
to be sure but I think if you reside
north
the mason-dixon line the utterance of
y'all might just raise the ire of
certain cultural appropriation nut bars
but we have to do something right
author Joe Pinsker notes that he heard
from several people who said that the
word guys is particularly troubling for
trans and gender non-conforming people
to hammer home this point he quotes Brad
Ward who despite the first name is
currently a she not a he quote as a
transgender woman I consciously began
trying to stop using guys some years ago
when I'm included with a group that is
called guys there's some pain since it
takes me back to my male days in a way
that I'd rather not go end quote pain
I'll come on Miss Ward grow a set
already oops I forgot you already have a
set moving on what are the options aside
from y'all as we go forward well there's
friends and peeps and scholars and folks
oh and comrades is evidently okay to
cheese does that surprise anyone that
comrades is okay coming from the loony
left but I say why don't we go all in
with the neutral D snick which is to say
we might be gender a and sexual
orientation B but last time I checked
we're still all part of the same species
so how about we just refer to one
another as Homo sapiens as in hi there
homo sapien i think he dropped her cell
phone and hey there you homo sapiens
welcome the Red Lobster just don't
shorten that word de homo okay for the
rebel dot media I'm David the men's ID
Menzies hey folks the rebel has a new
app please download that app and take
the rebel with you wherever you go
you
