well you know there's one story Ezra
from Global News where they say that
they heard from American sources that
Trump has been very personally
frustrated at Freeland since June and
not just Trump who we can all kind of
agree can be a bit of a capricious
individual but Robert light hyzer as
well who I guess would have been the
person working closest in the room with
Kristi Freeland he is the US Trade
Representative and he might have looked
at this speech and said I don't know we
were getting along so well why did you
do this and and I read this speech
hazard with great interest back in June
because it was that it was a big idea
speech where she talks about the Francis
Fukuyama thesis about the end of history
and the changes of liberal democracy and
she says don't forget folks liberal
democracy is not forever all the things
we cherish could fall apart in a moment
and I think she's completely right about
that but then she does a wink-wink
nudge-nudge and basically says this
fellow you have in the White House now
he is precipitating the downfall of
liberal democracy and he is reminding us
of all these horrible dictatorships we
had in the past and that's basically the
subtext of what she says and she says
facts matter truth matters and and does
all these inner zingers there that she
doesn't directly point towards Donald
Trump but you know what she's getting at
and I'm sure she received a lot of
applause from people in the elite
chatter in classes in the Washington
circuit in the Beltway and up here in
the Laurentian elites and I just thought
okay it's one thing for an MSNBC
contributor to go and give that speech
at some event whatever that's what I
expect from them but hang on a second
you are our lead trade negotiator our
foreign affairs minister at a time and
as where this happened just after Trump
had initially announced the first
tariffs against Canada and I thought
this is absolutely bizarre this is not
poking the bear this is coming up and
whacking him on the back of the head
with a with a chair like in one of those
WWF wrestling matches how do you not
expect him to turn around and respond
and he did not for a while but now we
learn he has actually been frustrated
about it all this time perhaps
pushing us to the direction we find
ourselves in now that's an excerpt from
my daily TV show the Ezra Levante show
no one leaves behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch The Daily Show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a
remember
you
