the stingy bureaucrats at Veterans
Affairs have finally loosened up their
purse strings oh but friends don't get
you excited they're paying for the
mental health treatment of a convicted
murderer who never actually served in
the Canadian Forces this story is almost
almost too crazy to be true a convicted
murderer
who never served a single solitary
moment in the Canadian military is
having his PTSD treatment paid for by
Veterans Affairs Christopher Garnier
aged 30 is serving a life sentence for
the second-degree murder of a woman in
his apartment in 2015 now a garnier
sentencing in December the court heard
that his father who had actually served
in the Canadian Forces also has PTSD in
that getting treatment for his son helps
them both but here is the most insane
infuriating and demented part of this
already demented story if you weren't
already mad enough this part is so gross
it is again hard to believe the PTSD
garnier is being treated for is related
to a murder but it's a very same murder
he committed and it's the same one he's
in the slammer for for at least another
13 years the guy gave himself PTSD when
he murdered a beautiful vibrant off-duty
Nova Scotia police officer named
Catherine Campbell after meeting her in
a bar he stuffed her battered body in a
trash can and disposed of her like
garbage under a bridge and in an
unbelievable act of Goll the convicted
murderer lowlife also tried to use his
PTSD diagnosis to get a reduced sentence
to avail himself of a parole hearing
after ten years instead of 13 remember
this is the PTSD he gave himself after
murdering a six year veteran of the
police force in cold blood and it's the
same PTSD that we're all now paying to
treat him for Veterans Affairs issued a
generalized statement to the CBC about
the whole mess without referring to the
case directly saying when a man or
woman serves in Canada's armed forces or
the RCMP their whole family serves with
them that is why the Government of
Canada has made it a priority to not
only improve benefits and services for
our nation's veterans but for their
families as well as such access for
family members of veterans to counseling
and other services may be provided in
circumstances where it is determined
that the provision of these services
will assist the veterans in achieving
their rehabilitation goals except that
if a current Canadian Forces member was
convicted of this murderer they would be
thrown out of the force and receive
absolutely no benefits and as you know
Veterans Affairs has been in the news
lately with the help of a few big
Trudeau blunders normally you know me
I'm not one to complain when government
bureaucrats are penny-pinching it's so
abnormal given the wasteful culture that
exists in government offices but it is
the greatest irony of all government
that the only place normal people would
agree the fed should be a little more
for lack of a better term liberal with
their spending is on Veterans Affairs
and yet the opposite is always always
true let's take a quick look back shall
we remember when we found out that
Canadian soldiers were forced to share
and swap around sleeping bags and
rucksacks amongst themselves because the
federal government had not bothered to
spend the cash to procure them enough
supplies to do their jobs effectively
and some of those same rucksacks while
there over 30 years old older than many
of our active service military in the
last two years the federal government
has spent nearly 14 million dollars
mostly on lawyers to fight Canadian
veterans over their benefits and
pensions after Justin Trudeau made a
campaign promise to end the legal
battles with our Canadian heroes and
with regard to mental health
specifically the Trudeau Liberals have
failed our veterans according to this
Canadian Press article
reprinted in occupational health and
safety canada magazine demand for
service has been outstripped by the
resources available to a network of
mental health clinics set up across the
country to help veterans with
post-traumatic stress disorder and other
psychological trauma an internal
government report suggests as a result
the report warns many veterans in places
like Quebec City Vancouver and Edmonton
have been forced to wait longer before
seeing a mental health specialist or
psychiatrist despite the importance of
timely intervention the wait time
challenge is separate from the backlog
of 29,000 requests for disability
benefits at Veterans Affairs Canada and
follows a previous warning from the
Federal Auditor General about the former
soldiers facing long waits for badly
needed mental health services you see
there just aren't enough mental health
services available for the actual
soldiers who need them these soldiers
they've been protesting in the winter
cold to get access to mental health
services but Veterans Affairs is paying
for a murderer to overcome the PTSD he
gave himself when he butchered a nova
scotia police officer and then committed
an indignity to her body remember this
here I was prepared to be killed in
action what I wasn't prepared for mr.
prime minister is Canada how turning its
back on me
so which veteran was it that you were
talking about thank you sir thank you
for your passion and your strength and
being here today to share this
justifiable frustration and anger with
me and with all of us here thank you for
having the courage to stand here and
thank you for listening to my answer on
a couple of elements you brought up and
first of all why are we still fighting
against certain veterans groups in court
because they are asking for more than we
are able to give right now corporal rock
blast chuck was asking for more than
Trudeau was willing to give him and
Trudeau had no problem telling him as
much real veterans have a hard time and
long waits to get access to the mental
health treatment they need and deserve
they bear the wounds of war they got
doing what we asked of them and they did
it without question in the meantime some
psycho jumps ahead of them because he
gave himself PTSD killing a woman and
his dad is a vet there's always money
for the Liberals to hug a thug or two
for the rebel media I'm Sheila Gunn read
Silicon Valley and big tech has a real
hate on for us conservatives they love
to censor us but we've got a way around
that we have our own rebel media mobile
app you can download it on the Google
Play Store or the Apple App Store
download it give it a try send us a
little feedback and take the other side
of the story with you wherever you go
you
