if you've never heard of it before
Notting Hill Carnival is a street
festival that happens in Notting Hill in
London and it's been around since around
1966 it will take a few years and it's
celebrated on the August bank holiday
the Sunday
to the Monday so it's a two-day street
festival and it started off originally
as a celebration of West Indian culture
the West Indian community that's been a
large part of immigration into the UK
over the last few decades and it became
one of the biggest events in the black
British culture diary and in 1959 there
was a precursor to this festival that
was held indoors and it was aired by the
BBC on television but it quickly morphed
into this outdoor festivals were steel
drum bands and dancers and other
attendees coming along and it grew huge
huge and reggae groups got involved BBC
Radio London covered the festival and
every year it just got bigger and bigger
but in recent years it's taken a dark
turn
so things started to go wrong at Notting
Hill Carnival when the riots started
there was a Notting Hill riot which took
place in 1976 young black men believed
that the police were overusing a law
that allowed them to stop and search
anyone that they believed might be about
to commit a crime and because of the
problems in the black communities
regarding crime many young black men
were stopped by the police meaning that
they were suspicious when three thousand
police officers turned up to Notting
Hill Carnival
now it's believed that the riot was
sparked when police officers had
attempted to arrest a pickpocket but
whatever it was it caused massive
escalation because there were smashed
windows there were fires and there were
bricks and bottles and all sorts being
used as missiles to throw at the police
and it just descended into absolute
chaos now look forward to the future in
2014 things really weren't much better
we're talking decades later is because
in 2014 three men were stabbed in
violent clashes at Notting Hill Carnival
and there were 252 arrests over two days
that's a lot of people and then in 2015
one year later more than 400 were
arrested and eight police officers were
injured during a street party so those
were the highest numbers of arrests at
this carnival since 2008 in 2015 then in
2016 police officers called for a review
the police officers in the in London
wanted a review of Notting Hill Carnival
following record arrests they saw 43
officers injured in 2016 not too long
ago and the Metropolitan Police
Federation said that officers dreaded
they dreaded working at Notting Hill
Carnival every year and who can blame
them Ken Marsh the chairman of that
Federation the MPF said this is not a
peaceful and fun-loving event that our
members look forward to policing they
dread it last year we had an officer
stabbed this year colleagues were
assaulted abused and spat at 43 were
injured with 8 needing hospital
treatment it's completely and utterly
unacceptable that year more than 450
arrests were made over 2
days and in 2017 there were still more
than 300 arrests and 28 police officers
injured and police officers have been
repeatedly sexually assaulted yes
sexually assaulted at these street
carnivals and no doubt it's because of
fear of being accused of racism or some
kind of cultural sensitivity nothing
seems to happen to the people that do it
to the police officers and I might add
there are some police officers that
happily get involved with it which I
really don't think helps this situation
but look at this video you probably
remember it actually it's a man sexually
thrusting himself against a female
police officer and then he just walks
away and gets away with it
watch this
this year has not been any better for
this family-friendly fun Street festival
look at the footage from this year look
at this footage that shows zero respect
being shown for the police and crime has
increased at the festival over two days
by 33% with almost 400 arrests being
made and 49 knives seized amid city cons
London's knife crisis the Express
reported on this at 10:15 p.m. on Bank
Holiday Monday the Met confirmed it had
made a hundred and thirty three arrests
on Sunday and a further two hundred and
forty arrests on Monday ten of which
were made by the British Transport
Police however the force said Monday
celebrations were marred by the only
stabbing of the event which involved a
mail receiving non-life-threatening
injuries I guess we're meant to consider
that a win it was only one stab and he
wasn't killed by it the force had a
record number of seven thousand officers
policing the event some form the newly
formed violent crime task force
this year's event also saw the highest
number of frontline officers deployed in
over six years the Met confirmed
Scotland Yard also confirmed that 156
were detained on drug offences 69 were
held over suspicion of possessing
weapons nine were arrested on suspicion
for sexual offences which is quite low
considering what usually happens at this
place and the police sieve knives they
seized taser guns and metal poles and
not only that by the way because Twitter
is full of stuff that you should take a
look walkout that shows you what it's
like living in this area people had to
erect barriers to protect their
properties the article here says they're
millionaires but so what a millionaire
who spends millions on a house doesn't
deserve to have their property trash
they had to erect barriers to protect
their properties which happens every
year windows have to be you know boarded
up police carried acid attack kit just
in case and they had to install knife
arches and then there also there's local
people advising people to stay at home
in order to stay safe chaos erupted in
shock
some cafes take a look at this people
are terrified in their own homes this
tweet shows and the police are also
abused have a look at this I have to ask
even if this makes me the bad guy does
this look like a family-friendly event
to you we can't save Notting Hill
Carnival it's grown into a monster and I
think it's time to slay it street
carnivals like this have been banned
before on the grounds of public order
and safety it's not a crazy concept to
suggest that we get rid of this thing
and I think after many years of causing
absolute chaos where police officers and
civilians have been assaulted and even
stabbed on the streets it's time to look
at how we solve this problem and we can
look at fairs and carnivals that have
been cancelled before for these reasons
in fact there's lots of precedent for it
there was a charter fair called the
Bartholomew fair that was canceled back
in 1855 for causing debauchery the fair
had feasts add dwarves it had dancing
bears it had puppet shows the lot it
sounded pretty great to be honest it
certainly sounds better than Notting
Hill but it caused loutish nurse
drunkenness and attracted thieves and
criminals it became chaotic pretty
quickly so ultimately it was shot down I
think that's pretty reasonable but
really this boils down to the fact that
those celebrating the event those
attending it was their responsibility to
be decent responsible citizens and they
utterly failed so it's really their own
fault that it got shut down and I see
parallels from this with Notting Hill
Carnival today I see people failing to
maintain basic decency and civility at
Notting Hill Carnival is full of
criminals it encourages loutish behavior
it's crude its noisy it's messy and it
makes a mockery of London's great
history is this what it's come down to
after thousands of years of great
civilization I think it's time for
Notting Hill Carnival to go
catch up with all the rebel stories on
our brand-new app which you can download
now from the Google Play Store and the
Apple App Store
you
