it's in the left's own playbook that if
someone dares to disagree with you
you can't like any aspect about them you
can't like their clothes you can't say
that they're pretty or handsome you
can't say that they're at least
well-mannered or at least disagree with
you respectfully I mean you can't enjoy
anything they do they can't be deemed a
good writer their art must be
discredited their ability to perform in
their specific profession must be
brought into doubt in other words the
whole character of that person must be
assassinated unless of course it isn't
politically expedient to do so so here
is what I mean for a long time the left
have praised the artwork of some of the
greatest artists of all time even though
they did some terrible things
let's take Picasso for example what ever
your opinions of his work are he's gone
down in history and is widely respected
but the man was a known womanizer in an
article from 2009 Mark Hudson explained
Picasso's complicated relationship with
women the artist claimed that women were
machines for suffering and that there
are only two kinds of women goddesses
and doormats he abandoned the love of
his life were a younger woman in the 40s
and was cruel to all of his partners so
how exactly does that square today with
art lovers who take to the streets in
the name of the me2 movement and the
 hat brigade and how about artist
Caravaggio who killed a love rival
during a dispute over a prostitute but
Picasso and carve a Gio are old so
they're irrelevant to them and
protesting their artwork doesn't offer
any kind of credibility or virtue
signaling points the left only care
about what other people think of them
they don't have any principle and that's
why they selectively separate the art
from the artist look at what they did
with Morrissey he was treated horribly
in the UK when he came out in support of
Annmarie waters a feminist who dared to
challenge the misogyny of Islam he was
slammed as a racist his band members
turned against him and his concerts were
canceled so can we separate art from the
artist well evidently we can at times if
you want to most of us appreciate
artwork by people who have done some bad
things in their life and let's not
forget that a lot of literature we enjoy
has been written by people from
fundamentally different times to us when
slavery was legal and encouraged and
when we weren't as civilized as we were
meant to be today but that doesn't mean
it's easy Pearl Jam have been
experiencing some controversy lately
after publishing a banned poster that
shows a cartoon corpse of Donald Trump
reaching for a satchel that has what it
looks like the former Soviet Union's
hammer and sickle symbol on the side
many fans have had mixed feelings about
this with one person writing so
disappointed with this it's almost
impossible to go a week without
listening to your music but that all
ends tonight this is pathetic
and I choose America and my president
over you should have stuck to music
sickening as many have said that's it
for me no longer a fan and while I think
it's important to separate the art from
the artist I can't help but kind of
understand this person's feelings unlike
artists on the right who either don't
exist or who more likely just keep quiet
about their political views artists on
the left just won't shut up about Trump
they hate him they hate what he
represents forgetting that half of the
US population actually support him and
when you hear these anti Trump attacks
every day when you're just trying to
enjoy some music I think it makes sense
that people will start to get a little
bit annoyed I think it's better for us
to rise above this if artists want to be
completely classless about their support
then so be it and let them be classless
you could still enjoy their artwork
I appreciate that Morrissey did this in
a respectful way writing
well-thought-out explanations for why he
supports Ann Marie and a civilized
discussion about religious violence
I don't appreciate that the left-wing
artists regularly depict the death of
Donald Trump but ultimately what can we
do what do you guys think can we
separate art from the artist if you want
to see more from me and the rest of the
rebel team like and subscribe
you
