lorilynn you've been inside the
conference unlike myself what can you
tell us about what's the sort of the
feel for social conservatives inside the
conference you know I think that there
is a little bit of a shaking we've heard
what's happened with Maxine Bernier and
I think that there's a little bit of
chatter I think what conservatives want
is to see conservatives stand for
conservative values and there has been a
decline in that so not talking about
gender fluid ideology in schools the the
whole abortion issue and everything just
not being able to be talked about
there's a certain faction of the
conservatives that are very very unhappy
with that thus giving rise for an
opportunity for somebody like Maxime to
go hey there's a certain part of the
Conservatives that are not being
addressed and I think that's an
important part this is what the
Conservative Party was based on and
founded on was these principles of
morality of our deep held traditional
values and so i i've heard from a lot of
people today on the inside not and you
have not sheila because you've been
banned tonight i'm not sure why that is
it's not a good idea but i I feel that
there's an unrest in the party and but I
do like Andrew Shearer I like he's a
family man he's a good man but we have
some ideologies coming at us that we
want more strength pushing back on the
darkness that's coming against our land
and we've got to stand against
gender-fluid
ideology and we've got to stand up for
life in our nation you know I'm like you
Laura I'm really I'm cheering for Andrew
cher I want him to be the best
conservative that I know that he can be
and I want him to be brave and I want
him to be bold and I also want him to
find bold people to be candid
yes and I know that you've had an
experience recently about that I have I
was running for the new West Division as
MP I wanted to run in the riding they
did not approve a waiver which I know
that they give liberally I hadn't been a
party member for six months my
membership had lapsed and and so they
did not grant me a waiver instead they
gave the riding to a woman from Ottawa
who lives in Ottawa and she's moving to
the riding and I know that she didn't
complete all of the application process
so I was upset so I had to ask myself
why was I sort of you know but you know
why was there a gate put up to my
candidacy and I had to determine that
maybe it's because I stand out very
strongly against gender fluid ideology
and that really surprises me because is
this not the party that we can rely on I
am NOT talking about even gay issues I'm
talking about transgender teaching that
is brought to children and most
conservatives I would say would say
categorically that they would not want
to see that happening in our schools why
are conservatives not standing why would
I be disqualified based on that is it
beer so now I know you you've been on my
show a few times you're very outspoken
critic of gender fluid ideology being
taught to children before they're even
ready to even understand what those
things mean how can people support you
in your quest I mean because you're
really the the thought leader on this in
British Columbia and all bad things that
happen in British Columbia somehow end
up in Alberta
how do people support you well thank you
very much for asking I mean when there
are five transgender books in
kindergarten to grade four or five how
many transgender ideology books do we
need we need to stand and everyone who
knows about that wants to stand if
people would love to to help me to do
this I will be the front man lorilynn
dot TV
lorilynn dot TV here's the problem
Sheila is that
as soon as you begin to stand against
this you have got an LGBTQ assault
against your job your reputation they'll
call you all kinds of names I don't
really care I choose to stand I will not
bow to an ideology that is not good for
our children we do not need them to be
thinking about being gender fluid and
I'm not going to bow and so Laurel in TV
is where people can go to support me in
my stand for righteousness in this
nation
you know Laurel and I wish you the best
of luck and I hope a little bit of your
strength rubs off on this cowardly
conservative party I do too because it
is actually the only hope because there
is a large faction that is unhappy with
the lack of courage and that is what is
giving rise to another opportunity great
thanks for talking to me Lori thanks
Sheila
you
