well over the weekend I saw interesting
news
the chief Mexican trade negotiator was
working feverishly on a Sunday to get a
successor agreement with Washington to
replace the NAFTA deal politicians
working on Sundays that sounds like a
deal was imminent and indeed it was
today Donald Trump's some in the media
to the Oval Office called the Mexican
President on the speakerphone and
announced a new bilateral deal here take
a look at what Trump said from the White
House
Canada will start negotiations shortly
I'll be calling the Prime Minister very
soon and we'll start negotiation and if
they'd like to negotiate fairly we'll
will do that you know they have tariffs
of almost 300% on some of our dairy
products so we can't have that we're not
going to stand for that I think with
Canada frankly the easiest thing we can
do is to tariffs they're cars coming in
it's a tremendous amount of money and
it's a very simple negotiation it could
end in one day and we take in a lot of
money the following day but I think
we'll give them a chance to probably
have a separate deal we could have a
separate deal or we could put it into
this deal I like to call this deal the
United States Mexico trade agreement I
think it's an elegant name I think NAFTA
has a lot of bad connotations for the
United States because it was a ripoff
there was a deal that was a horrible
deal for our country and I think it's
got a lot of bad connotations to a lot
of people and so we will probably you
and I will agree to the name we will see
whether or not we decide to put up a
candidate or just do a separate deal
with Canada if they want to make the
deal the simplest deal as more or less
already made be very easy to do just to
make it clear he was speaking into his
speakerphone there with the president
the outgoing president of Mexico now
before I introduced you our expert guest
on the subject my favorite guest I think
you know who I'm going to introduce in a
minute I want to show you Chrystia
Freeland Canada's foreign minister by
the way Justin Trudeau is a
light inner Airy today says he's busy in
private meetings they don't say where
but here's what Chrystia Freeland
thought would be appropriate to tweet
today let me read you the words and
explain the image she says a great
privilege for me to address the annual
meeting of German ambassadors in Berlin
today thank you heyco mass for the
invitation Canada and Germany must work
together to defend the multilateral
rules-based international order and you
could see Christian Freeland there in a
white dress and a couple of people
behind him is Stephane Dion I checked
this morning and total Canadian exports
to Germany are about three and a half
billion dollars or about 1/100 of our
trade with America it's not just that
Germany is a rounding error when it
comes to Canadian trade the subject
matter of her speech is an oblique swipe
at Donald Trump you heard Trump believes
in bilateral deals Canada Mexico Canada
you know it's right USA Mexico USA
Canada this is a reprise of her
anti-trump speech that won her diplomat
of the Year award well who's the
diplomat of the Year today I'd like to
know that Mexican a bit more joining us
now without further ado is our good
friend Manny Montenegrin oh he's the
president and CEO of think sharp
incorporated and he has given us
outstanding guidance over the past
months on this NAFTA negotiation Manny
let me turn it over to you there's so
much to chew of er have at it
well I'll simply state that I had been
dead right on this per year and since
your broadcast a couple months I have
been talking about this specifically and
what will happen and let's start from
the beginning Donald Trump was very
clear and said Canada is not the problem
Mexico is a problem and what he meant by
that was a trade deficit with Mexico was
50 billion dollars and somewheres up to
sixty billion at times and Mexico has a
different culture different
environmental laws different labor laws
everything a very difficult agreement to
achieve Canada in comparison was very
easy to do
and Trump wanted to do with Canada and
said let's just do a bilateral agreement
now Ezreal remember the Prime Minister
stood up time and time again saying that
he will not do a deal without Mexico
well that was not truthful
what was he's trying to say ana and I
have said this it is my opinion and I
have gathered evidence after Evans and I
have it on my Finn tweets there are now
42 tweets of partial evidence but this
was done intentionally to make Trump
look bad and if you make Trump look bad
as a negotiator as a bully as mean that
looks good for Trudeau because he gets
the Trump votes in Canada well Trump did
an end-run he's actually not mean he's
not a bully
he actually did a deal with Mexico which
was inconceivable if you look at the
disparity between Mexico and USA in its
laws in its markets in its language
everything but Trump did a deal a fair
deal that both Mexico and USA signed and
will approve you know Manny we have some
highlights of the deal as released by
the White House I'm just gonna put them
up I know that neither you nor I have
had a chance to really dig into the
details this is literally in in the last
hour so this has been published there
there's interesting rules for example to
to encourage the percentage of
automobiles made in the United States or
Mexico I take that as a rule against
let's say China making parts shipping
them to Mexico having rambled there and
sent into Canada into the u.s. that's my
first yeah there there there are two
esra - and there's so much and we have
so little time I gotta focus on two
points number one was remarkably the
United States of America is asking
Mexico to increase the cost of labor ie
give greater wages to Mexicans building
cars what a laudable thing to do what a
great thing to do and they had done that
and Mexican wages on car production will
go
forty to forty five percent that's part
of the agreement now Ezra I have on my
append tweet number twelve when this
issue was raised when Canada was in the
discussions the lead trade negotiator
for the United States said we need to
have the labor costs higher in cars
built in Mexico improving Mexico
standard and Canada was against it they
labored the labor negotiator for or the
United States was was dumbfounded
couldn't believe that Canada would not
be part of raising the bar of every
employee in Mexico that's when I
conclude I mean there are many times I
conclude but that was one of the biggest
smoking guns to tell me that Canada is
not negotiating honestly Canada is
simply trying to thwart at every
possible way
and I when I say Canada I love this
country not Canada the Prime Minister
and his team trying to thwart the deal
in every possible way and now we have
Trump and here's the worst part Astra I
mean I mean I've been in many
negotiations in my life and I'm watching
Trump just brilliantly with this he's
now got a deal with with Mexico not only
does he he presents that to Canada and
Canada has no more leverage no more
negotiation no more abilities and he
knows that and he knows that Prime
Minister Trudeau will not move on the
dairy will not move on a very other
other clauses and he gets to put his
tariffs on car which was what I has been
saying from the beginning Trump wants to
bring cars to Michigan Michigan in Ohio
gave him the presidency and he wants to
bring the car manufacturing back the
tariff is the first step
yes it's going to cause pain to a lot of
people but in the very short long term
the manufacturing will happen in America
and that's Trump's goal and that was
handed to him by the prime minister
right let's put up those summaries again
that second panel we had that talks
about Trump insisting that Mexicans pay
their people you can see ready to talk
there this deal uses trade rules to
drive higher wages pirate
acquiring the 40 to 45 percent of Auto
content be made by workers earning at
least 16 dollars per hour so it's Trump
is saying hey Mexico you have to pay
your people living wage and either they
will and that'll actually remarkably
help Mexican workers or the car
companies will say well hey if we're
paying you know almost American wages
why don't we actually build the things
in America and that this is how Trump
won the blue-collar votes in places like
Ohio Michigan Pennsylvania because that
headline I just showed there could have
been a Democrat that could have been a
pro labor union Democrat over the course
of the last 40 years but Trump's the one
who actually did it that that's what's
so interesting yeah he's a Republican
and on certain things he's very
right-wing but boy he's there for the
working men and women the American Auto
Workers Union well yeah in addition
there's another aspect to it the higher
the wages are to build a car in Mexico
the easier it is to build cars in
America right I mean if you have a
parallel system where everyone gets paid
the same wage and and then why not start
building the cars so yes it helps the
Mexican economy yes it helps Mexican
labor and Mexican worker make more money
and and raise your supplied you know
there's a beneficial aspect and if
people make more money in Mexico they
will not be leaving Mexico so there's
that aspect the other aspect is it lets
the American Builder as an American
worker compete on a fair basis so
Trump's got to Windsor Canada is
watching Canada does not understand and
I have I mean Ezra I I have as you know
for over a year called every step and
it's brilliant what Trump is done it is
what I of frightening what our prime
minister has done in these negotiations
and he cannot and the media the the
median Canada cannot say hola Trump is a
bully
oh look Trump does not nobility what
Trump has done deals with South Korea
with Japan China is there on bended knee
they don't want Europe is doing Trump is
very honest and fair deals with everyone
in the world except their best friend
their neighbor their biggest trading
partner and it is not Trump
it is not United States it is Canada it
is Prime Minister Justin Trudeau yeah
you're so right I mean if you were to
judge Trump solely by his Twitter feed
you would say oh he hates Mexico he
never stops talking about build the wall
on Cinco DeMayo he posed with a big
smile eating a taco ball bowl from Trump
Tower I mean which some people took as a
as an ethnic slight I mean if if you
thought that was all there was to Trump
today you would be shocked that he
actually did a deal with Mexico but
that's Trump he's a deal maker and he
knows the uses of hyperbole remember he
was calling Kim jong-un little rocket
man and then you know bye-bye saber
rattling now it looks like he's on the
way to getting a deal there Trump
the funny thing about Trump is he he
will do a deal with anyone if it's in
his interest even if he badmouth them
the week before Justin Trudeau won't do
a deal with Trump I think it's not the
other way around it's true too if it's
the obstinate one well here's here's the
average Ezra it's very clear not every
cunt every country understands the
vulnerability that the rat China has
close to four to five hundred billion
dollars worth of surplus to America they
know that Trump has the advantage so
they know that and that's true of South
Korea that's true of Japan that's true
of Germany that's true of EU that's true
of Mexico but nowhere in those countries
is anyone campaigning on the Trump hate
vote so their politicians are actually
working for their people
Mexico understands it look I you know
the Trump hate vote needs nothing we
just had an election we got to get jobs
and deals from Mexico China they don't
have these Trump hate boats to pander
for they're dealing in the long term
it's either vulnerability China is on
bended knee understands that they can't
win a trade war because if you tariffs
or I would say if there's a tariff or
they're putting a tariff China is
putting a tariff on 100 billion dollars
with
America puts tariffs on 500 billion
dollars of good who's gonna win that of
course the US says China understands it
you know let me remark on Mexico because
they just had a new presidential
election there in in that interim period
while the old president Enrique Pena and
NATO if I'm saying his name right he's a
lame duck he's gone in a couple months
right the new president is in neither of
them likes Trump but both of them are
being working together the outgoing
president and the president-elect their
rivals obviously but they were working
together with Trump who they both I
suppose emotionally hate maybe I don't
know but they swallowed whatever
political partisanship they had between
each other and towards Trump they worked
weekends they got a deal if they can get
a deal if if all these other countries
that on the face of it might not like
Trump or whatever they put their
national interests first
and whereas Trudeau is constantly virtue
signaling against Trump and Christie
Freeland is tweaking Trump's nose I'm in
Germany with my real friends today it's
frustrating yeah yeah I know it is and
and Canada once again stands alone I
mean this great country used to lead
this big country was admired we had a
debacle with the Saudi Arabia tweets
where the country didn't stand behind
Canada where the countries did not stand
beyond Canada now on trade of people now
there's another point that I want to
give to you as er every month that goes
by that we don't have a trade deal some
entrepreneurs saying let's put our
billion dollar factory where and they
want certainty you know the great irony
is is that our prime minister Justin
Trudeau didn't want that five-year
sunset clause because it creates
uncertainty well a year without
negotiations and now I deal with Mexico
is the biggest uncertainty for people
and what will be happening is
businessman and say hey things are
looking good with Mexico let's put the
plant in Mexico things are looking and
you know what we don't know what's
happening let's go to America and put
our plan we can't put our plant in
Canada and that means that uncertainty
or billions of dollars are flowing out
we won't see the numbers today but years
from now or months
now we're gonna see that our GDP it's
already weakening we're at 1.5% America
is a four point one it's just gonna get
worse you know businessmen know they are
thinking forward and they make deals
today that's a Trump is doing yeah you
know I could talk to you all day about
this many but I know that you I mean I
love it and everything you say is it's
contrary to the conventional wisdom in
the media party which has been wrong
every step of the way I got one last
question for you yeah you heard the clip
we played at the very beginning of our
interview an extended clip from Trump
talking to the Mexican president but he
certainly was emphasizing Canada wasn't
he and he basically said we're going to
hit the auto sector if they don't free
up on dairy and he said let's just go
terror free I mean he's he's he's
begging Canada for a deal he's not
begging Trump doesn't beg he's saying
let's get a deal but if not that's fine
here's a prediction here's a scenario I
have I'd like your thought on him I
think Trump is not a bluffer when it
comes to tariffs anyone who thinks he's
a bluffer hasn't been paying attention
to what he's been doing to Canada to
China and other countries Mexico
certainly doesn't think he's a bluffer
what would happen if Donald Trump were
to carry through and put a 20 percent
tariff on Canada's cars and say that
tariffs remains until number one you get
rid of your dairy quotas and number two
you come in and give us a copy-cat deal
- what we just did with Mexico
my theory Manny and I'd love your
thoughts especially if you disagree with
me I want to know why my theory is
Justin Trudeau will suddenly have the
first enormous crisis on his hands our
stock market will plunge and the auto
workers and everyone grown up will say
you've got to submit or our economy is
doomed and I think he will finally
abandon the dairy cartel and submit to
Trump's great offer of a tariff free
economy so I think Trump's gonna smack
us and Trudeau's gonna blink that's my
prediction what do you think well I'm
gonna go a bit further than you I think
I mean I have studied Trump or for three
years and I have been bang on on
everything he's done I think Trump
doesn't really care
about the dairy it's a small park yes it
helps them I think he picks the most
intransigent point of justin trudeau so
he can put his tariffs on he is he is
smart he say I've done this in
negotiations where I knew that someone
didn't want to move on a point and I
said and I want it out of the deal
or I wanted to do something different
then I stuck to that point Trump is
sticking to dairy because dairy
I mean dairy has has divided the
Conservative Party dairy has has got
Justin Trudeau I mean I don't know what
it is with milk in Canada I don't get it
but any event dairy has become bigger
than maple syrup in Canada and Trump
knows it and Trump is sitting there
saying I will take the toughest point I
mean he I mean there's better leveraging
with banks and with telecom and telecoms
he gets it that he could sit there and
say get rid of your telecom barrier he
did and that's much bigger than dairy no
no he's picking dairy because he knows
and he's not a stupid man
but for some reason dairy is like the
maple leaf in Canada and we were all
politicians we'll be behind area and
that means he gets to put on his tariffs
and once he forgets to punish tariffs he
ain't going back he's got it and he's
not gonna say well no there's no we've
got this and I look at this it's worked
and he'll change the dude it's working
real well for America and blah blah blah
so I I mean I you know that that theory
of mine is just frightening but in my
review this is what this great
negotiator is doing you know you have
just terrified me and you gotta convince
me but because we're right I mean dairy
he loves the fact that he looks like
he's fighting for Wisconsin in places
that he won yeah but you are so right if
he could scoop up our factories that
make cars mover mistakes that's actually
the outcome he wants that's a hundred
billion dollars to America that you know
that you know the dairy farming industry
in America stuff and they there's ways
to deal with it
but to take a hundred billion or maybe
two hundred billions if you if you add
all the ancillary businesses that's
right
Trump does not want a deal and he's
counting on Trudeau to be intransigent
he's banking on it to justify grabbing
our Factory well many you so right and
it's clear as day now that you say it
well here's the point I mean if you
think about it
right from the beginning Trump tried to
do tariffs a year ago on on cars it
didn't work now he has not the the the
legitimate authority he did a deal with
Mexico he can walk in and say you know
what Canada's been wrong and he has now
the moral support to go after our cars
which he didn't have before
we actually handed it to him that's what
I've been right on every step I fear and
listen as R I will tell you I am so sad
in this week I am so depressed lo I fear
I fear that this is going to happen many
I it's been a while since I've read the
art of the deal that's Trump's book
about how he likes to do deals and what
you have just described is exactly how I
think he will later write about this in
his post presidential autobiography of
the art of many deals or whatever it
will be called you were right and I
meant the hundred and sixty thousand
Ontarians who will pay the price with
their own worker jobs according to the
banks man it's great to talk to you
again thank you so much for bringing the
smarts as you do on this file all the
time great Thank You Ezra all right
there's our friend Manny Montana Greene
oh wow wow I did not think of that I I
think he's right I think he's right
about Trump's real negotiating strategy
what do you think let me know in the
comments section below and and take the
time to go to Manny's Twitter feed and
look through his collected wisdom on
this subject he has done several YouTube
videos with us all of them have been
viral hits you wouldn't expect a
20-minute conversation about
international trade to go viral but I
think it's because it's the other side
of the story
as opposed to the conventional wisdom in
our Ottawa
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
