the sad truth about the left is it will
never allow you to be happy or content
because as soon as you are you no longer
need it to keep you it warps you into an
identity that you must adhere to it pits
you against others and even when you
have everything at your fingertips it
makes you feel like a victim in a world
that in reality embraces you I'm Ben
Davies this is pure Hollywood Kelly
Marie Tran was one of the leads of the
ensemble cast of one of the biggest
franchises in world history Star Wars a
dream of any actor of any color or creed
everyone would like to be in Star Wars
movie and by all accounts Kelly seems
like a wonderful person and a really
fine actress and after this movie she
literally has the world at her
fingertips however in this movie she
played Rose Tico which was almost
universally unlights by everyone and I
would still play this role but important
note this character was also inside of
one of the most universally unliked Star
Wars movies the last Jedi one they're
literally trying to get out of the Canon
and because Kelly played Rose she got
some heat on the internet so forget the
fact that people just didn't like the
movie at all and that Rose teeka was
literally one of the worst characters in
Star Wars the criticism and hate must be
because she's Asian not because the
characters are movie of course not that
seems like a crazy reach especially when
you compare this movie to rogue one
where Donnie Yen who was Asian was one
of the most beloved characters than that
entire movie was he awesome because he
was Asian or because his character was
cool however kelly marie tran went off
of instagram and the media went wild and
the media claimed that she didn't get
off instagram because of criticism but
rather because of sexist and racist
comments whoa though knowing the
internet i'm sure there were some trolls
out there that said terrible things and
even if there were a bunch of trolls
saying terrible things to you people are
allowed to see what you want you're a
public figure I had people say I'm a
terrible actor all its time in my movies
anyway Kelly Marie resurfaced and in a
New York Times op-ed piece told it all
in the op-ed titled I won't be
marginalized by online harassment Kelly
said I had been brainwashing to
believing that my existence was limited
to the boundaries of another person's
approval I was tricked into thinking
that my body was not my own that I was
beautiful only if someone else believed
it regardless in my own opinion what is
that what does that even mean I'm sorry
you feel like that but who
making you believe that let's see if she
gives a reason for it quote I'm not the
first person to have grown up this way
this is what it is to grow up as a
person of color in a white dominated
world this is what it is to be a woman
in society that has taught its daughters
that we are worthy of love only if we
are deemed attractive by its son now
here's the thing everyone's life is
different every individual has their own
interactions their own experiences but
if she's gonna speak in general terms
I'm also gonna use some statistics and
you know facts you know about this white
dominated world that's apparently out to
get every person of color or woman so
let's just see what it's like being an
asian-american woman living in the
United States shall we according to the
Facebook dating app with over 100,000
different participants is a really large
sample which women do you think redeemed
me most favorable got the most attention
most clicks most wanted from the
opposite sex Asian women had the most
interaction by far you know that well
that's just being attractive that's not
you know a huge part of living in
society let's look at financial stuff in
the United States Asian American homes
make over twenty thousand dollars on
average more than the white dominated
world in America and let's talk about
the white dominated world for a second
over sixty percent of the world's
population comes from Asia while seven
percent come from North America so if
your problem is really just living in a
predominantly white country there are
some wonderful countries around the
world that are like ninety-nine percent
Asian if you just don't like the fact
that there are more white people living
in the United States you can go there I
don't want you to but you can but then
you're just talking about society
thinking Asians are absolutely beautiful
and they make more money and around the
world it's the most dominant ethnic
group but what about education
yeah asian-americans doing pretty well
there too so if I were a leftist I would
say that Kelly trannies to apologize and
give up some stuff and check her asian
privilege and I could just go on about
what the left is trying to do to poison
the minds of people like this Kelly be
happy enjoy your life in your awesome
career you are not living in the
hellscape that the left is telling you
you're living in and I'm sorry the
writers giving in a social justice made
you a terrible character in a social
justice movie that a lot of people
didn't like it wasn't your fault
Americans are not against you and don't
let leftist radical races tell you that
the entire world is out to get you
because you're Asian because when you
step back and just look at what's going
on in the world you'll see that there's
only one group of people that wants you
to be miserable and depending on them
that is the left I'm Ben Davies this is
pure Hollywood alright so if you enjoyed
that video please consider becoming a
premium member to the rebel that way you
have first access to pure Hollywood and
the entire rebel lineup
