in Australia members of an Islamic group
were allegedly clearing a plot of land
illegally by law enforcement was
dispatched but instead of apologizing
the Imam heading up the group told the
officers to get lost claiming that his
group is actually exempt from Australian
law and now the question arises how is
this one going to play out in court
so dr. Mustafa
Kara Ali is the Imam of an Islamic
religious guild that conducts much of
its religious practices on a property in
Colo New South Wales when it was
observed that he was illegally clearing
this land the local Hawkesbury City
Council dispatched staff to serve
Mustafa with court documents and this
stellar representative of the religion
of peace responded dust Lee first
Mustafa who was actually a Harvard
graduate said his Islamic group is
exempt from Australian law secondly this
learning imam verbally abused council
staff members the australian broadcast
corporation report said he allegedly
screamed the following quote you dogs i
step on your cross end quote
another unidentified man accompanying
mustafa reportedly spat at the council
employees nice to see civil discourse is
very much alive and well in the Land of
Oz these days in any event this claim of
being exempt from the law of the land
was not just something uh turd in anger
during the heat of the moment because in
court documents in which the guild is
planning to fight the eight thousand
dollar fine that recieved from the city
Mustafa has stated that his organization
lives quote separated from secular
lifestyles to pursue a religious mode of
worship and an ascetic lifestyle under
an oath of self-sacrifice and dedication
to the purposes of d1l Dawa end quote
what this means according to Mustafa's
worldview is that his guild needn't
follow Australian law he pointed to the
Australian charities and not-for-profits
Commission act in his interpretation of
this act mustafa noted that when a group
is carrying out religious activities
that are related to the practice study
teaching or propagation of its religious
beliefs then that group as a basic
religious charity is not required to
comply with us
in law's thankfully the Australian
charities and not-for-profits Commission
has disputed the claims made by Mustafa
noting that religious charities are
indeed still required to comply with the
law of the land in fact if a charity is
found to be participating in or
encouraging unlawful behavior it can
actually have its charity status revoked
so now this brouhaha is headed to court
all things considered I very much like
the case being presented by the city but
folks as always the x-factor will be the
judge in this day and age of cultural
sensitivity and political correctness
especially when it comes to any and all
things Islamic who's to say the judge
won't look sympathetically upon the case
being presented by the Imam and grant an
exemption to this guild for the rebel
media I'm David the men's I'd Menzies
hey folks the rebel has a new app please
download that app and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
