a space force comic book featuring POTUS
more hashtag me to news and Samoans in
California are singing to fight fires
all of that coming up today on the rebel
buzz if you are a Trump supporter and a
comic book person or a graphic novel are
they the same I don't know anyway you
are going to love this Chuck Dixon is a
comic book writer known for his work on
the Marvel Comics character The Punisher
the DC Comics characters Batman
Nightwing and Robin and his creation of
the supervillain Bane if you don't
follow comics but you are a movie goer
you will remember Bane portrayed by Tom
Hardy in the 2012 movie The Dark Knight
Rises it's good news in the comic-book
community among some kind of
disappointing trends trends like forcing
upon us more female and non-binary
heroes now I am all for female
superheroes but can we please just let
it happen organically anyway back to the
fun stuff a new comic book series called
Trump's space force has launched its
funding initiative on IndieGoGo the
initial financing goal was $15,000 but
as of this release it has hit sixty
thousand dollars with a thousand two
hundred and eighty nine backers the
writer of the series is none other than
legendary comic book writer and creator
Chuck Dixon the description on the
IndieGoGo page says this a malevolent
threat from beyond the stars has
infiltrated the upper echelons of world
government's their purpose to prepare
earth for invasion join President Trump
in the United States space force aboard
the USS F James Marshall as they travel
beyond earth leading from the front to
combat this threat head-on the artwork
is also pretty freakin awesome as you
can see here it depicts President Trump
and First Lady Melania Trump in
extraterrestrial space gear with a make
space great again hat in the foreground
of the image now there are different
levels of funding ranging from a $25
donation where you receive a signed copy
of the comic upon its release and a
space force patch
and then you can donate $25,000 donation
where you will receive the signed comic
book the patch and make space grade
again hat and a trip to DC for a dinner
at Trump International with Sebastian
Gorka Terry Schappert Chuck Dixon and
the other creators of the comic now I am
NOT a comic book connoisseur so I am
going to borrow bright Bart's opinion so
that you will have a better idea of
whether it's something you would like to
invest in hint you should
James selling pool rights this it's like
a mash-up of aliens Independence Day and
Starship Troopers with a bit of anime
Robotech Star Blazers and features all
your favorite characters from the mag
averse scott adams sebastian Gorka and
obviously the donald wiping out aliens
and making space great again now i am
not even a comic book nerd i mean cool
person and i think i'm gonna buy em just
so I can get that patch hello and
following up on a story from earlier
this week about the hashtag me to
movement activists Asia Argento from the
New York Times Asia Argento was one of
the original accusers of Harvey
Weinstein she's been a loud voice
throughout the minimal and pseudo
cultural cleansing phenomenon in
Hollywood known as hashtag me too I say
minimal and pseudo because to fully
cleanse Hollywood we would basically
have to eliminate the whole industry and
purge I don't know 99% of the people in
it anyway Asia Argento as you might
remember was the girlfriend of late
author documentarian and celebrity chef
Anthony Bourdain it recently came to
light that she had an illicit and
illegal relationship with a child actor
Jimmy Bennett who was 17 at the time in
order to suppress a lawsuit or a
publicity nightmare
Bennett was paid three hundred and
eighty thousand dollars now since all of
this became public knowledge
Argento has denied the claims and
purports that it was actually Anthony
Bourdain who paid off Jimmy Bennett
potato passata whatever
in a statement to reporter Josh Olly she
said this hmm I am deeply shocked and
hurt by having read news that is
absolutely false
I have never
any sexual relationship with Bennet and
text messages obtained by TMZ she says
this I had sex with him it felt weird I
didn't know he was a minor until this
shakedown letter the public knows
nothing only what NYT wrote New York
Times which is one sided the shakedown
letter the horny kid jumped me the
person on the other side of the text
exchange then says this what's up with
the photo taken in bed I think that's
one that will be harder to cushion
images are annoyingly assumption nation
and Argento writes back you can see my
boobs
that's all it doesn't mean s word she
also sent text messages regarding a
handwritten note that was written on a
napkin by Bennet allegedly that says
this Asia I love you with all my heart
so glad we met again and I'm so glad
you're in my life then she says via text
he wrote this afterwards and kept
sending me unsolicited nudes all these
years up until two weeks before the
attorney letter it wasn't it wasn't
raped but I was frozen he was on top of
me after he told me I had been his
sexual fantasies since this was 12 so
now she's alleging that this horny kid
jumped her and was on top of her while
she was frozen look when you lie about
one thing it makes people question
everything else that you say you lied
about whether you had a sexual
relationship with this kid so now that
you're saying he forced himself upon you
that's gonna be it's gonna be a hard
sell because I always like to close out
the week with an uplifting story to send
you into the weekend I have yes a
beautiful story as you all know we
unfortunately are facing historic fires
here in California particularly the car
fire near Redding California
as of Wednesday the u.s. Forest Service
estimated that a million acres have been
burned in wildfires this year in the
Golden State the car fire specifically
has burned about 229 thousand acres and
destroyed over a thousand homes but we
are getting some help from around the
world specifically from American Samoa
when Jack Potter jr. who's chairman of
Redding Rancheria received word that the
men would be coming to help fight fires
he contacted neighboring tribes to see
if they would be interested in helping
him welcome these firefighters to
California of course they were
absolutely elated to assist and on
August 14th 22 firefighters from Samoa
unit 61 not only were they blessed by
the presence of other tribe members
greeting them but upon arrival they felt
so welcomed and they were compelled to
share their culture with the natives and
gave an impromptu concert courtesy of
these firefighters the men broke out
into song a song that they say they
routinely sing as a group while they are
fighting fires it's a song of blessing
and gratitude in a statement after the
event Potter said this when they
harmonize you just felt that spirit
connection to the song the natives were
like whoa now I find this so uplifting
these firefighters sing this song before
during and after fighting fires they
have to be absolutely exhausted but this
is their way of offering gratitude so
what a beautiful and gracious gesture
hope you all have a fantastic weekend
thanks so much for joining me today on
the rebel buzz
I'm Amanda head the Hollywood
conservative for the rebel
if you enjoyed my commentary and want to
hear more from all of us here at the
rebel subscribe to our premium content
at www.affordablecomm.com
