everybody welcome to the classified live
it is Friday and we have a lot to talk
about here this is a really interesting
little battle going on isn't there
between Trump and attorney general Jeff
Sessions I mean this is pretty
remarkable stuff to see a president go
after his own Attorney General like this
and I think incredibly incredibly well
deserve Jeff Sessions is absolutely
absolutely useless absolutely useless I
don't know what this guy is doing know
I've ranted and raved about Jeff
Sessions and I've said hey hang that
John Huth good morning man and I want to
let me know how many people are on here
right now not many want to everybody
know that today is gonna be a short show
gonna be with you for about a half an
hour they're gonna come in and do some
work on the air conditioning in here and
so they're gonna have to be bouncing
around behind me on a ladder and getting
into the vents and so unfortunately
they're getting here right around 8 a.m.
hopefully they're a little bit late but
Jeff Sessions has really dropped the
ball is AJ I know yeah I'm being Captain
Obvious right now on that one but I
really want to read what Trump tweeted
this morning about sessions if you
haven't heard it let me go over to
Trump's timeline Twitter's being a
little bit slow for me and Trump really
let him have it now this is on the heels
of Jeff Sessions saying yesterday that
he won't be bullied and he won't
politicize the DOJ Jeff Sessions in my
opinion is running the most political
hey Charles Burke a Raymond how are you
guys Jeff Sessions is running the most
political department of justice outside
of Barack Obama's under Eric Holder's
been Loretta Lynch Jeff Sessions DOJ is
so political on the side of Democrats
and not only won't Jeff Sessions
prosecute Democrats not only won't Jeff
Sessions prosecute prosecute allies of
Hillary Clinton's it's worse he protects
them with immunity deals queen for a day
letters if you don't know what those are
those are when you go in to speak the
federal prosecutors and they say nothing
you saying here can be used against you
even if later on is deemed to be a false
statement we're not gonna prosecute you
team Clinton all Hillary's friends got
those deals general Flynn a man who
served his country for four decades
didn't get one of those Jeff Sessions
has the most political DOJ in history so
let's read what the president said to
Jeff Sessions this morning's been
a--from an hour ago it started quote
Department of Justice will not be
properly in focus Lee starting off
repeating Jeff Sessions quote Department
of Justice will not be improperly
influenced by political considerations
those recession's words Trump quoted
them Trump and says Jeff this is great
what everyone wants so look into all of
the corruption on the other side
including detailed emails Comey lies and
leaks Muller conflicts McCabe
struck page or next week Pfizer Muse
Christopher Steele and his phony and
corrupt dossier the Clinton Foundation
illegal surveillance a trump campaign
Russia collusion by Dems and so much
more open up the papers and documents
without redaction come on Jeff you can
do it the country is waiting then he
goes to talk about talk show up I was
going to talk show host I was gonna say
reality win or X and as a contractor
reality winner
he says X NSA contractor to spend sixty
three months in jail over classified
information gee this is small potatoes
compared to what Hillary Clinton did so
unfair Jeff double standard and the
president is a hundred percent correct
it is a terrible double standard hey
john zealand terrible double standard
now everybody a carla Schmidt says why
hasn't Jeff Sessions been fired he needs
to be fired Congress Congress Trump was
running on the assumption and correctly
well a few of them right there's been a
lot of turmoil in the White House
now there's Omarosa thing now this
Michael Cohen thing firing Jeff Sessions
would have made it look like Trump
didn't handle on anything
so that's one
number two the US Senate Jeff's a gale
how are you good morning
true Brit morning yeah sessions was in
the Senate for a really long time a lot
of his buddies are there a lot of his
buddies are there and so wasn't easiest
thing the fire session because filing
sessions means he's leaving in disgrace
right his buddies in the Senate I don't
like that they wouldn't have been apt to
confirm somebody else
McConnell might have given the floor
time he might have said nope you've got
your AG you got Jeff's stick with Jeff
which is what he was saying but now even
Mitch McConnell mm-hmm and Senate
Republicans some of them are never Trump
or seeing the writing on the wall
they're seeing the conservative base
furious furious at Jeff Sessions furious
they're seeing their constituents
furious at Jeff Sessions wanting Jeff
Sessions removed their reading they're
seeing the writing on the wall it's
there and the senators are starting to
realize hey if Trump wants a new
Attorney General we got to give them a
new Attorney General because this this
ain't working this is not working at all
and so where do we go from here
does he get a new AJ well I can tell you
this I don't see how Jeff Sessions
remains AG if he doesn't do anything
Panchito real quick we're gonna talk
about Texas elections tons of B no signs
here in San Antonio just found out he's
white though where are the sjw's on this
his name is Beatle O'Rourke his last
name is O'Rourke I think he's half
Hispanic half Irish anyway the left
doesn't really think about things like
that hey Charles Burke from Virginia how
are you so Jeff Sessions is not doing
his job at this point not doing his job
he's in an open feud with the president
United States but worse he looks weak
Americans don't believe Jeff Sessions
has control over the Department of
Justice
now Susan be HEIs
says Jeff Sessions needs to step down he
does but he won't yesterday's statement
proves he won't I won't pull it aside
this DOJ I'm not gonna be bullied I'm
not gonna be bossed around that's not a
guy ready to step down that's a guy
who's in the political fight of his life
and he's gonna stick in that's a guy who
feels that he wants to do things his way
and that he shouldn't have allegiance to
the president added States the American
people anyone anything not good not good
at all
Jeff Sessions needs to go the country
needs effective leadership and law
enforcement they're seeing Tony Podesta
get immunity they're seeing Imran awan
not doing jail time for things that
Michael Cohen and Paul Mann afford of
facing jail time for the exact same
charged bank fraud 18 US Code 1344 exact
same federal statute was violated the
Democrat staff are working for debbie
Wasserman Schultz no jail time no jail
time as recommended by the Department of
Justice think about that for a second
Jeff Sessions Department of Justice
recommended no jail time why why maybe
the guys cooperating no indication of
that people on the right of cooperate do
jail time Jeff Sessions should have
stepped in when the FBI and other DOJ
prosecutors didn't want to prosecute
general Flynn um Jeff Sessions should
have stepped in and said to Rob Muller
no no you are not prosecuting a guy who
was the incoming national security
adviser who had a conversation with a
Russian counterpart his job as the
national security advisor elect and his
answer differs very slightly from
another one you got we are not
prosecuting a general and American Hero
not happening but sessions didn't do
that he didn't do it and he won't
because Jeff Sessions Jeff Sessions is
not he's not on our side Jeff Sessions
is a swamp creature Jeff Sessions
fundamentally believes that what Hillary
Clinton did was okay you remember the
turning point High School conference a
few weeks back the crowd said lock her
up lock her up and Jeff sessions hee hee
hee hee hee hee lock her up I hear that
on the campaign trail heard that on the
campaign trail a lot lock her up he was
terrified he couldn't even look at the
crowd hmm they were high school kids he
couldn't even make eye contact and my
god
if these people come at me with this cue
nonsense again trust the plan sessions
the Silent Assassin operations flow
Walker oh how moronic Lee dumb how dumb
gear Cartman says something I've been
tweeting out sessions was part of that
insurance policy that they discussed at
Andy's office I'm really starting to
believe that I really am
Jeff sessions has gave a pass to every
crime around the Clinton campaign he's
gave a pass giving a pass to the entire
debacle surrounding the steel dossier
he's given a pass to Perkins Coie the
law firm funneling money hiding it from
the FEC
paying fusion gps to benefit Hillary
Clinton the exact same thing Michael
Cohen did stormy Daniels payment only
they probably paid fusion GPS into the
millions they're not prosecuting that
they are not prosecuting that why why
not where is Jeff Sessions now M Kennedy
150 says Rosen Stein recommended the
Trump that race should be FBI director
doesn't mean Ray as part of the swamp
well he is he was a DOJ guy however I'm
actually hearing from people inside the
FBI who are good that Ray is not too bad
that he's quiet he's methodical
he's doing things they love the new
deputy director Dave Bowditch and a good
buddy of mine somebody you all know and
trust Seb corker dr. Sebastian Gorka Seb
really likes the voltage they were
together during on the day of the San
Bernardino attacks Dave Bowditch was
over in the LA field office he was
running the LA field office I hear
nothing but really good things about the
FBI number two that ray promoted up and
so I'm gonna give ray a little more time
because at the end of the day the
Attorney General is the one who needs to
do all these things and the deputy
attorney general I think we know I think
we know that rod Rosen Stein won't do a
damn thing where in the world is Jeff
Sessions where where is Jeff Sessions I
don't know I don't know rod Rosen Stein
gets up there Donald Trump meeting with
the Queen of England Rod Rosenstein gets
up there interrupts global coverage of
the president meeting with the Queen of
England to talk about indicted 12
Russian GRU officers who will never see
the inside of a courtroom never faced
extradition at the same time and rod
Rosen signs up there at Maine DOJ on the
podium the flags behind him two big guys
standing behind him like this and like
this
rod Rosen Stein's looking like a
dictator looking like he controls the
DOJ during that press conference Jeff
Sessions is at us like a local police
department in a small town in a southern
state talking to local patrol cops about
fentanyl the optic was disgraceful
forget Jeff Sessions it's not what the
Attorney General of the United States
does Rosen Stein should have been doing
that not sessions or hell not even the
deputy AG should have been like a local
AUSA from a local field office give me a
break uh-huh
it's ridiculous and it's embarrassing
for the Attorney General it's
embarrassing for the nation all right
and I'm so sick of hearing well she's an
older guy session there's an older guy
oh he's older he's one year younger than
Donald Trump
a year younger do you believe that look
at their energy levels ridiculous huh
it's just ridiculous Jeff Sessions
recused from the Russia investigation he
shouldn't be but he's not recused from
the Imraan in one case so why did him
run oh one get a pass on jail time Jeff
Sessions isn't recused from Hillary
Clinton leaking classified info he's not
recused from Huma Abedin placing
classified info on our husband's laptop
not recused from any of that won't
prosecute it refuses why why because he
is one of the most ineffective Attorney
General attorneys general in US history
he'll if not the most ineffective if not
the most ineffective I mean it's bad it
is beyond bad don't even know what to
say really MD says because Jeff sessions
has abdicated the AG responsibilities
we're anything political is concerned
it's spineless cowardice really I think
you're spot on you know somebody told me
that sessions doesn't believe the DOJ
should be political and he's made it
like I said a bit earlier the most
political Department of Justice in the
history of the u.s. outside of Obama's
Holder in sessions were incredibly
Holder and Lynch were incredibly
political they circled the wagons around
Obama around Hillary I run every
Democrat Bill Clinton and Janet Reno
or like this Jeff Sessions and Donald
Trump sessions went like this and
embraced all the Democrats and brought
them in and brought them all and went
Hillary Huma Cheryl Mills everybody
struck keiko me McKay I'm gonna protect
you you come over here uncle Jeff he's
gonna protect you anyone like this to
the Trump people go get prosecuted go go
to jail go go go sessions is a disgrace
an epic disgrace and let me tell you all
something the ones in the states are
watching if you don't vote if you don't
get out there and vote and then stake
the house Donald Trump will be impeached
he won't be removed from office in the
Senate but he will be impeached in the
house
mark my words on that it is going to
happen unless you vote not a snowball's
chance at hell it won't
a robe Rose I hope I'm saying this right
ouroboros know another good comment
mainstream media mercy Smurfs
mercilessly attacked everyone in the
Trump administration family friends
business associates and supporters
except Jeff Sessions truth about
sessions will one day come out it's
gonna be ugly good comment remember when
Reince Priebus was in the White House
leaking and every New York Times story
was about everybody but Reince Priebus
and the ones in which he was mentioned
he looked great that's how you know who
your leaker is that's how you know who
your enemy is Oh yep the plural says
Dems will never end the molar
investigation until Trump is impeached
oh yeah oh they're gonna do it they're
gonna do it
it's not about MD says Trump didn't want
Hillary prosecuting no Trump originally
said it wasn't a priority he originally
said it wasn't a priority
but you know what too many things has
happened too many things has happened I
don't know well somebody said here that
this is they don't like see Alex Marlowe
throwing shade at Jeff Sessions who said
that MD said that so serving to see Alex
Marlowe at Breitbart throwing shade at
sessions all because for I can tell
Trump said I didn't want Hillary
prosecuted I'm throwing shaded sessions
you know what guys terrible Ian's hold
donated thanks he and Trump as a new
personal meaning a Mogga my attorney got
arrested huh thanks the team that's
actually pretty good that's actually
pretty good
it's actually really good all right
let's see what else we got I don't know
what you mean so that's so raw okay but
even if Marlo does believe that MD says
I don't John it's Alex Marla that
doesn't mean he gets to abdicate control
I don't get what you're saying that you
say now Alex Marlo is backing up Jeff
sessions or he's not throwing shade is
it means that he's insulting sessions it
doesn't mean he's protecting sessions so
I think that sessions is terrible
terrible if the bright bar guys are
protected and then they're wrong
I haven't even looked at Breitbart in a
while to be honest with you and not for
any reason I like the guys over there I
just I do this four hours a day
collectively what they show on my other
show I so MD so Marlo's backing up said
he's not throwing shaded sessions he's
back in up sessions now he's way off way
off I don't understand what you meant
sessions just isn't doing anything good
for America Americans need to know
they've got a strong Department of
Justice Americans need to know that they
have federal law enforcement
that cares about them that cares about
equal justice under the law that's what
Americans need to know that's what they
need to know but they don't they don't
Americans think that's the Oh Jay cares
about the elites and the Americans used
to believe there were two standards of
justice one for them one for the elites
now they believe there are three
standards of justice one for them one
for the elites in which they get charged
with atone to jail time and then one for
people around Hillary Clinton or Donald
Trump if you're around Hillary Clinton
you're treated very well and if you're
around Donald Trump your life is
destroyed so there are now three
standards of justice in the u.s. there
are now three and you you lowly American
citizen and tax payer
you're scum you're down here we're down
here we're way down here it's ridiculous
and we better stop allowing it now the
thing you can do is call your senator
and tell your senator that if Trump
fires sessions and they block anything
you're going to be voting against them
let your senator know that you want Jeff
Sessions removed and you want them to
vote to confirm whoever the replacement
is boom Peter house says the Republicans
do well in the midterms Trump order play
sessions then yeah I mean it can't do it
before then he can't
and Kennedy 150 says I think Trump
should say the hell with the optics and
release all materials unredacted fire
sessions that end them all of which and
he should but not before the midterms
can't do it before the midterms it'll
just create too many political problems
SLE Sully please with this I think Trump
in sessions are playing a role because
Trump can't look like he's involved
sessions could be doing more no there is
nothing going on behind the scenes
nothing believe me I speak to people in
DC I think people in the White House
people close to the Trump family daily
to a person they say to me sessions was
our biggest mistake don't believe this
craziness from these internet morons
behind the scenes session he's a silent
assassin he's a slow Walker it's not
happening sessions is useless Brian Wood
says the Democrats they control the
house we are screwed
cheeseburger says wasn't sessions
involved with the edited IG report
probably I mean their I G reports to him
so I don't like the IG as part of the
DOJ I think it needs to be separate I
think it needs to be separate
you know conference says but I will
email my never Trump a Republican
senator see guys got to stop having that
attitude it doesn't matter if they're
never Trump or damn you you're the voter
you got to tell them what you think
Abraham Lincoln 2020 Trump gets
impeached will Pence become POTUS no
there are two steps to removing a
president
first is impeachment that's in the house
then it goes to a trial in the Senate
where they vote for the president to be
removed that won't happen
they won't have enough votes in the
Senate now have enough votes for
impeachment in the house that's like a
really strong rebuke Bill Clinton was
impeached in the house but not removed
by the Senate hah kmac now I like this
now we know why sessions is known as the
silent assassin
he's killed whatever chance we had at
justice everything is shredded and gone
now deep State one magazine a winning I
don't think so
Brian Woods I am NOT Ezra I'm John but
yeah look there is no plan behind the
scenes none none
ocula says it's hard to believe even
good intention people that go to be seek
and we politicize but it happens all the
time
sessions didn't just go to DC with Trump
though he's been there for decades he's
been there for decades we know that
alpha wolf says sessions is an idiot
only worried about marijuana yeah I
always say that Jeff sessions like pops
up every six weeks and says legal weed
ms-13 civil asset seizure and then he
goes away and he hides he goes away any
hides where is he where is he and then
he pops up and he says I don't want to
politicize this DOJ sessions wants to be
like a local prosecutor don't have to
petty nonsense weed asset seizure gangs
he doesn't want to be the US attorney
general he wants to be a local US
attorney Adam choices I think Jeff
Sessions lost his first love to a
pothead yeah yeah who would I have for
Ag Abraham Lincoln 20/20 asks it's a
really good question somebody from
outside of DOJ I like Pam Bondi the
Florida Attorney General she's hardcore
she's fearless I'm hearing she's on the
short list I'd love love to see her as
AG Oh God Simpson best guy Trump iron
and fire was Rex Tillerson oh my god no
he was terrible it's a big globalist
Tillerson was a terrible AJ we
Republicans Gail says must email our
Democrat they're Democrats yep
Lindsey Graham no as AJ I do not believe
that'll happen
no no no Trump's knows now that he's got
to bring in somebody loyal to him Dave
Whelan Pam Azaz Weiland Pam is awesome
she is she's great she'd make an
outstanding US Attorney General out
standing
Brian woods is disappointing the trunk
choice cabinet namely sessions I had
something he was doing trying to do what
he thought was right yeah well he was
and he was getting very bad advice from
people unfortunately but I like a lot of
the appointees I think general mattis a
bit of a globalist but he's doing a good
job over at defense I really really like
Mike Pompeo really like Mike Pompeo and
Kennedy 150 what do I think is going on
with you burrs investigation absolutely
nothing Huber is a special prosecutor
all that means everybody thinks that
means oh there is a second Special
Counsel working behind the scenes
sessions and Huber are working through
the night and taken these people down no
it's not happening all that means is
that the US Attorney from Utah Huber was
given an extended geographical mandate
it's all it means you know he reports to
Rod Rosen's time that was for a little
move to shut the base up to shut them up
and hope they would stop complaining
nothing yeah I don't dig war but I dig
wrecks running our defense cheeseburger
Rex Tillerson doesn't run the Department
of Defense general mattis does James
Madison MD says they agree with me it
needs to be somebody from outside the DC
area the next u.s. AJ it has to be it
has to be absolutely coming back says
Jeanine Pirro is AG would never happen
her husband had too many problems he was
involved with organized crime when she
was a judge me for AG no no I'm not a
lawyer number one number two I do not
want to work for the government
No thank you I'm happier right here
doing what I do on air everybody likes
Pam Bonnie Pam would be hard charging I
know Pam we have several very close
mutual friends she's political ally
she'd be a rock star AG Alpha willsez
trey Gowdy no way trey Gowdy is all bark
no bite big
big deep state nevertrump swamp dweller
guy like this what Lindsey Graham loved
John McCain trey Gowdy and Marco Rubio
are like best of friends no no no Andy
says he's a paper tiger exactly exactly
berserk shirt mayor says and someone
people dislike sessions why hasn't he
been replaced politics bad optics for
trunk to remove another cabinet member
the Senate wasn't ready to confirm a
replacement sessions had been there
buddy you've been one of them they let
Trump know you got your AG we're not
worried about judges but now they're
starting to see the backlash of
Americans and now they're starting to
realize all right we got to do something
about this we got a we got to work with
the President on this one let's see what
else we got here Jimmy B's has anyone
actually seen John McCain let me know
and and III suspect his brain cancer has
progressed I suspect he's you know in a
very bad state bad shape and I don't
suspect we'll see him again but what he
should do is the right thing and resign
his seat holding his seat is not the
right thing and unfortunately guys the
contractors are here to repair the AC
they got here on time which is shocking
apparently they've actually been out
there for a little while I just got an
IM from the person at the gate that the
contractors are here I'm gonna sign off
I will see you guys on Monday morning
7:30 a.m. you have an amazing weekend
