remember Rutgers University professor
James Livingston you know the guy who
got so angry after seeing white kids at
a Harlem restaurant that he took to
Facebook calling them little Caucasian
assholes saying that he now hates white
people and resigning from his race
well Rutgers found the professor guilty
of violating its discrimination and
harassment policy and the professor now
faces punishment let's take a look
if you watch campus unmasked everyday as
all the best people do you might
remember a couple months ago when I
reported on Rutgers professor James
Livingston who said that Harlem shake
was overrun with little Caucasian
assholes who know their parents will
approve of anything they do slide around
the floor you little shithead sing
loudly you unlikely moron do what you
want
nobody here is gonna restrict your right
to be white now the post was deleted and
Facebook banned James for a day the
restaurant owners said we asked that our
name is removed from your rant because
we do not want to have anything to do
with you and yeah we ask that you get
your burger somewhere else we do not
tolerate racism either we thrive on
equality and fairness and have full
intentions to keep it that way
Rutgers investigated the professor's
comments using three lenses public
concern speech made outside his job duty
and whether the speech interfered with
Rutgers ability to perform its mission
the school said that commenting on
gentrification satisfied the public
concern part and that James made the
remarks on his private social media
account but thought his comments could
impair the university's ability to
operate properly saying students
interviewed by the local news station
said they would be uncomfortable taking
a class with him Rutgers went on to say
that while James believes reverse racism
is a myth and that this view is
frequently espoused in academic circles
applicable federal and state laws do not
exclude any race from their protections
Rutgers mentions that even after his
initial post had been deleted the
professor made another belligerent barb
against White's given professor
Livingston's insistence on making
disparaging racial comments a reasonable
student may have concerns that he or she
would be stigmatized in his classes
because of his or her race you know I
might just reverse my belief that
university equity offices should be
scrapped because this report from the
one at Rutgers also very incisively
points out that James's comments
wouldn't have been appropriate if he had
replaced white people with black people
it's not clear yet how exactly the
school will punish James but he could
receive a sanction of to being fire
for his remarks the foundation for
individual rights and education a free
speech nonprofit is demanding that
Rutgers to reverse its decision saying
it violates the dudes First Amendment
rights and James for his own part is
standing by his belief that his comments
were not racist no such thing as reverse
racism so when I say I hate white people
something tells me that hypocritical
worldview in which you can't be racist
against whitey isn't being kept out of
the classroom well what do you guys
think let me know in the comments below
for campus unmasked I'm Rob shim shock
if you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate SEM ST
tails using the forum on campus unmask
calm
