William Hague is warning the
Conservative Party not to make the same
mistake labour did in allowing new
members to vote for a new leader
writing in The Telegraph the former
Conservative Party leader William Hague
remember hem bald head gravely voice
he's one of the Conservatives against
making the same mistake labour didn't
eyes allowing new members to vote in a
new leader because course that's what
happened with Jeremy Corbyn if you
remember the first time and the second
time the share of people that joined the
party because of the chief member
schipper allowed him to win and that's
the mistake that he thinks the Tories
shouldn't make now he acknowledges the
recent move by the leap te u campaign
which is the brexit campaign that
happened well it was used throughout the
referendum and is still going now that
was run by and is run by Aaron banks the
one of the top you kid donors this new
campaign run by him is encouraging
people to flood the Conservative Party
and vote for a brexit leader in what
they think is a an expected leadership
contest they think is inevitable now I'm
torn on this because on the one hand I
know that actually a new Tory leader is
important at this point we need somebody
we need somebody to deliver brexit to
take over from Theresa May and on the
other hand it's well do we really want a
Tory leader who's going to deliver on
Greg Z but fails on everything else and
give people false hope into thinking the
Tory Party is really the party that's
going to save us that could potentially
draw out this process of saving this
country in in terms of immigration in
terms of cultural issues so I'm quite
ornament also actually it raises a
question about the purpose of UK and I
think it's fair to say this it's fair to
ask whether this is a party or a
pressure group because many of the
behind-the-scenes people at you kid left
the party and join the Tories remember a
lot of people who went to you Kip came
from the Tories went to you Kiefer
brexit then when breaks it happened they
went back to the Tories and then when
Theresa may fail those on brexit again
they went back to you kid but now
they're being encouraged to go back to
the Tories once again and I know a lot
of people who've done this a lot of
people and many members many hire people
have done this and Andrea Jenkins who's
a Tory MP is welcoming people from you
get over to the Tories quite the
opposite of William Hague
writing in The Telegraph that the Tories
quote need to be able to elect a leader
who can unite the whole party and
provide the strength to deliver for our
country so as I say the direct opposite
of William Hague she appears to be
welcoming in new recruits largely you
get members who are coming on board to
support a brexit candidate in an
inevitable leadership her actions she
explicitly says it in the title which is
quote Tory members are not momentum
fanatics we should trust them to choose
the next leader now make no mistake this
is Tory Greg's et is calling on you get
members to return their support and get
on board to save breaks it this scares
William Hague and then the rest of the
remain camp in the Tories because it
means a few things first off it means
that the Tories men might make might
make a slight shift towards the right
not a huge shift we're not going to see
the tour is replaced with a new movement
of people styled in the front national
you know the front Nationale from France
and stuff like that it's not gonna be a
new populist movement but it will make a
bit of a shift towards the right which
means they're gonna be wide open for
more accusations of racism and
xenophobia and of course they don't want
that and that also means if that happens
that will impact work redefining the
Tories as a modern diverse inclusive
21st century party is just thrown out
the window and he doesn't want his
legacy thrown away like that but it also
means that Tories are going to succeed
which hurts egos if their attempt to
redefining the Tories as a labor light
party doesn't work but a brexit ear
leader sucks up the Yuka version puts
the party back on track it means that
they were wrong all along so I think
William Hague has good reason to be
scared if leave dotty use tactic works
it could mean that the talk Tory party
changes drastically in quite a short
period of time and we end up with
someone that Boris Johnson or Jacob Riis
more in charge who let's be honest
aren't great on immigration and cultural
issues they're really not if you look
into it Boris Johnson has been even even
called for amnesty of illegal immigrants
but they've got erected so it will shift
the Tories slightly it won't be the
savior of the UK and it will effectively
deal with immigration as I say bleep
world leaders
european union of forging new paths for
the country and if Corbin rose to power
through new mate labour members if he
rose to power through people joining
that party then there's no reason why
Boris or Jacob couldn't do the same
thing if you like that and want to see
more remember to like and subscribe or
download the rebel at from the Google
Play Store or the Apple App Store
you
