a group of mostly white angry teenagers
set to the streets to destroy a 105 year
old statue on the historic campus of the
University of North Carolina Chapel Hill
apparently their feelings were so strong
nothing but the pedestal remains for
college students and obvious goal is to
learn from the past apparently these
students are merely doomed to repeat it
I'm Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood
history is as messy and imperfect as any
humans life is if we've studied my life
or any of these angry children's lives
we would be horrified at some of the
details but what history allows us to do
is learn from the past to heed warnings
examples and see how far we have come
together and we all hope that when
history looks back on us we will be on
the right side of it however this
sanctimonious idea that we are all
perfect right now and people in the past
should be ignored because of things they
did or practices they took part in can
have a horrifying result two of the most
obvious examples being George Washington
and Thomas Jefferson two of the greatest
men who ever set foot on this continent
who laid the foundation for all the
freedoms and progress as we have made
however their legacy and even monuments
are being threatened because both of
these men at one point owned slaves
George Washington even releasing his
before it was even abolished and Thomas
Jefferson living in a state that made it
illegal for him to free his slaves and
because of this we're supposed to
destroy their legacy ignore all the
amazing things that these people did and
destroy statues okay I have three
problems with this action of the
University of North Carolina the mob
rule is something that millions of
Americans have sacrificed their lives to
ensure that we do not have to live under
the fear of we live in a democratic
republic we have a society of laws and
processes and I'm sorry if you feel like
your life cannot go on because of a 105
year old statue but your outrage does
not justify illegal actions when enough
people vote and agree to remove the
statue that's totally fine that's
welcome put it in a museum everyone on
the Left loves mobs until they come for
them to the history of North Carolina
itself the North Carolina mascot is the
Tar Heel which makes no sense unless you
know the historical context it comes
from the way the North Carolina men
fought in the Civil War because facing
down certain death these men would never
retreat like they had tar stuck to their
heels regardless
side they fought on this is a lesson in
action that every person can look up to
and respect the college itself stayed in
service the entire civil war even though
40% of its student body was called up to
fight and this was in the bloodiest
battle in American history many of these
students died during this war and it is
true that most of the students fought in
the Confederacy and not in the Union let
me ask you this if their state was
swapped geography wise with
Massachusetts would they have fought in
the Confederacy keep in mind this was
before Prager University videos were
available to teach you you would have
grown up in a state where slavery was
legal and had always been and your
friends and family were also called up
to fight and it's a difficult thing to
look back and judge what someone would
have known or may not have known or what
was in their heart for that matter but
you can judge people on their actions
the way they carried themselves and they
conducted themselves like Tar Heels and
we can sit back and look down from above
driving our Priuses and say no we never
would have fought for the Confederacy
but sometimes being on the right side of
history merely means being born on the
right side of a line drawn in the sand
between the north and the south three
what the statue represents itself the
silent Sam statue gets its name from the
fact that the soldier does not have a
cartridge on its belt meaning he cannot
fire his gun it's symbolic you see a boy
dropping his books and taking up the
call to action now if you removed the
side that this particular statue was
fighting for this would be a great
action to be remembered and the statue
was erected to honor the students that
made the call to action and died in the
process is there not a way to
acknowledge the significance in the loss
of life and to not erase history and
still function and keep perspective on
these things now I can't believe I have
to say this but it should be painfully
clear and obvious the practice of
slavery was and is abhorrent and no one
worth talking to today would believe
otherwise however it is a part of
history and thankfully it's just that
history a history that goes back to the
beginning of time and still being
practiced in the Middle East but
fortunately here in the United States it
was abolished by hundreds and thousands
of men giving their lives not protesting
but paying the ultimate price many of
which who are the same age of these
students protesting who literally walked
the same grounds they walk on today have
the same dreams and because the beliefs
upbringing the state they were born in
or the pressure of their peers they
answered the call and gave the ultimate
sacrifice and because of this they will
never have the chance to walk a
across the stage at graduation like
these students will and I'm sure these
students who fought in the Confederacy
would hope that you could look back and
at the very least learn from their
mistakes and hopefully respect the
bravery and the lives they lost and
maybe just instill the desire to stand
tall and be unmoved like you have tar on
your heels when it's not just your
feelings on the line but rather your
life I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood all right so if you enjoyed
that video please consider becoming a
premium member to the rebel that way you
have first access to pure Hollywood and
the entire rebel lineup
