look at this poll by Angus Reed I'm
going to leave it up on the screen for a
moment to tell you what each line on
this chart means the red line shows
people who want to decrease the number
of immigrants to Canada as you can see
it's now in an historic high 49 percent
now the dark blue line at the bottom
shows people who want to increase the
number of immigrants to Canada it's now
at an historic low just 6 percent I mean
that's practically within the margin of
error here it's so hard to find someone
who actually wants more immigration to
Canada you have to ask 15 random people
on the street before you'd find one who
would say yes that the gray line that's
the one that shows people who say it's
flying where it is as you can see that's
an historico low also 31 percent I think
that's a surrogate number for people who
also don't have an opinion or really
don't care it's it's natural to say yeah
whatever we're doing now is fine if you
don't really care about a subject it's
it's for wishy-washy people well the
number of wishy-washy people is falling
people are angry they have a strong
opinion now one last explanation of this
graph you'll see that yellow line it's a
bit weird to have that on the same graph
but it tells a story too that shows you
the levels of immigration and that's
referring to the numbers on the far left
they're the hundreds of thousands so it
shows that immigration is skyrocketing
in fact the immigration has steadily
gone up including under Stephen Harper's
time as Prime Minister now obviously
when 49 percent of people say the number
is too high and only 6 percent say the
numbers too low that's everyone every
category that's both sexes that's all
ages that's all party backgrounds all
provinces as most new Canadians - of
course it is because you know legal
immigrants to Canada they watch TV and
they see these tens of thousands of
criminals who are just walking across
the border into Canada breaking the law
as their very first act on Canadian soil
they see the appalling shock
news that instead of punishing these
lawbreakers Justin Trudeau and Amin
Hassan are actually paying to put them
up in hotels for free paying with our
money can you imagine that I mean that
is insulting to Canadians whether your
family has been here 10 years or a
hundred years let alone two aboriginal
Canadians living on poor reserves where
do they get their free hotels Trudeau
truly loves foreigners more than he
loves Canadians that's what this poll
says so look at these charts this is
also from the Angus Reid survey it's not
surprising that you can see this is by
party it's not surprising that
conservatives that's the second bar the
one that says CPC conservatives are the
most opposed to open borders 67% of
conservatives say they want lower
immigration only 2% say they want more
but look at the Liberals that's the
third bar there it's still 39 percent
opposed only 10 percent want more in
other words liberals are against higher
immigration by a 4 to 1 margin and and
look at this this is by province look at
Quebec it's the second number from the
right Quebec is the most hostile after
Saskatchewan 51 percent of people in
Justin Trudeau's home province want less
immigration they have a Liberal
government by the way that is bringing
in a ban on burkas by the way Justin
Trudeau's home province so that grandma
we showed you the other day who was
heckling Trudeau the other day she's not
obscure she's not upstream
she's the norm in that province Trudeau
insulted her six times called her a
racist twice called her intolerant four
times and then told her she has no place
in Quebec I guess that's seven insults
saying that to her is extreme if people
want if people who want less immigration
don't belong in Quebec as Trudeau said
to that lady that's half the province
its Trudeau who's deeply out of step
with his own people
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews a day and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
