now over the weekend there was a
interesting little development with
regards to ice immigration and customs
enforcement and the way the mainstream
media hovers them on Saturday liberal
Twitter when he came insane ABC News uh
reporters from the HuffPo the HuffPost
itself the I mean I mean reporters and
producers and media people major
verified accounts across the left all
told the story of heartless cruel I see
detaining an illegal immigrant in
California hen Bernardino County action
10 Bernardino when all he was doing was
driving his pregnant wife to the
hospital she was in labor and ice
grabbed him ripped him from his family
and the pregnant woman in labor had to
drive herself to the hospital terrible
isn't it tragic rule rule
liberal said things like liberal said
things like there's cruel Joe Kennedy
representative yo Kennedy said there's
heartless and then there's whatever the
hell this hmm
a me sit kind of verified account but
who she is that oMFG oh my effing God I
used to paint a husband as he was
driving his wife for a worldly she got
this part right a c-section you see that
was a problem none of it was true well
it was true that I stained a guy and it
was true that his wife was pregnant they
were going to the hospital but it wasn't
true she was in labor it was a planned
c-section and the reason ice to taint
him oh it's not cuz he was on just an
illegal immigrant no ice detain the guy
named Joel or on Oh Lana Lara
because because not only had he been
living in the US illegally for 12 years
he was wanted for murder in Mexico wote
mr. Aaron olara was brought to Isis
attention due to an outstanding warrant
for his arrest in Mexico on homicide
charges that's from Laurie Haley ice
spokeswoman doesn't matter that he was
driving his wife to the hospital for a
c-section does not matter at all
hmm at all
ridiculous absolutely ridiculous but
this is the same media that condemns the
police in cities like Baltimore and
Chicago for using appropriate force
deadly force when necessary then
condemns the police for not doing enough
to stop crime nope they don't want to
stop murderers by using force they don't
want them to stop gangbangers by using
force because when they do they vilify
the police but then they also vilify the
police for not using force to stop the
murderers and the gangbangers yeah
that's how they operate that's how they
operate
law enforcement conservatives damned if
they do damned if they don't oh and race
doesn't matter doesn't matter if you're
white male conservative because if
you're a black woman who comes out as
conservative you're attacked just as
viciously maybe even more so you're a
traitor you were always supposed to be a
liberal like Kanye West said it's a
modern blacks are supposed to be a
monolith who vote Democrat who think
liberally
but this is a new low for the mainstream
media this one is a new low
the man is aim well he's wanted on
homicide charges in Mexico could very
well be part of a cartel could have been
a drug murder we don't know but we do
know what we do know is that the
mainstream media was up in arms
defending the killer or alleged killer I
should say defending the alleged
murderer this guy Joel Arana Laura Laura
Marie say it LA Ari
it doesn't get any worse it doesn't get
any more egregious the left they could
spin it all they want they could say no
we're not that's hyperbole it's that and
the other thing now the left is pro
criminal they would have rather this guy
wanted on murder charges and go free
because he was illegal then properly be
detained
doesn't matter that his wife was going
for a c-section law enforcement doesn't
let a murderer go to bring his wife to
the hospital for a planned c-section the
woman is not in a minute labor hey
that's what ambulances are for that's
what other family members of four
friends are for he shouldn't have killed
somebody
allegedly
I'm sick of it I'm over it many of us
are the media's Pro criminal and it's
time for us to call them to task well I
love bringing you this stuff every day
because there's so much of it to bring
yeah and I gotta bring it to every
single day also to turn in my live show
Declassified
live 7:30 a.m. on the rebels YouTube
channel hope you had a great weekend
I'll see you tomorrow
you
