when it comes to the ongoing inanity and
insanity inherent to the bogus issue of
cultural appropriation is it possible
that the social justice warriors have
finally gone too far in their
never-ending quest to be offended how
else to explain the outrage expressed by
the usual snowflakes over an entertainer
sporting curly hair
actually Nicolette frangipane aka Halsey
is an American singer-songwriter an
actress she also apparently has
something in common with the peanuts
character Frieda so why are we talking
about something so trivial as curly hair
be it natural or otherwise well because
it's 2018 of course you see some sjws
are having a major meltdown online upon
taking a gander at halls these new
hairdo which actually is a retro hairdo
for her
check out the pic she posted to
Instagram which triggered the most
recent social media site storm regarding
so-called cultural appropriation its
Halsey sporting curly hair and because
the sjw's tend to fret before they think
Halsey was condemned as a cultural
Raider why well look at those curls look
at that quasi afro
what sort of entitled white privileged
honky would dare wear her hair in such a
fashion well the trolls really blew it
this time folks for starters not that it
matters and not that it's really
anybody's bloody business curly hair is
actually natural hair for Halsey to
hammer home this point she even posted a
throwback photo of her as a little girl
decked out in curls but more to the
point if she didn't have naturally curly
hair
so what curls are now somehow off-limits
to people born with straight hair if so
what ever happened to freedom of
expression and what happened to mind
your own beeswax
and another thing what's shaping up to
be perhaps the most stupid display of
outrage pertaining to the fake construct
that is cultural appropriation is this
Halsey was born to a white mother and a
black father she is therefore biracial
and has previously spoken out about
looking like a white girl while feeling
like a black woman and yes I'm sure some
idiot out there will be offended by that
quotation for whatever reason it's
from a race perspective her parents are
of the same racial mix as the parents of
Barack Obama
but unlike mr. Obama palsy skin tone is
more white than black so I guess there's
some sort of rule that prevents her
unlike mr. Obama from playing the black
card it's also confusing isn't it but
now that the truth is out regarding this
harebrained story perhaps those coupes
who had voiced outrage over the Halsey
hairdo should take to social media and
start posting their Mia culpas alas
don't hold your breath for that to
happen folks such an act would require a
modicum of class and decency commodities
that are in severe shortage when it
comes to those who comprise the rank and
file of the online village idiot
community for the rebel media I'm David
the men's ID Menzies hey folks the rebel
has a new app please download that app
and take the rebel with you wherever you
go
