we are repeatedly told that hate speech
is bad and should be denounced yeah why
is it that certain kinds of hate speech
are absolutely verb own and need to be
shut down by any means necessary whereas
other types of hate speech are well
apparently tolerated in the name of
diversity and inclusion
so last Saturday something called the
world coalition against Islam was
planning to show up at Toronto City Hall
to stage a protest the fact that a
protest by this Calgary based group was
set for the same day as the anniversary
of the deadly charlottesville incident
last year was either a very unfortunate
coincidence or perhaps the timing was
intentional which makes one wonder if
there was an ulterior motive at play
here but it turns out it was all a moot
point given that word quickly spread
that dozens if not hundreds of counter
protesters were planning to show up at
the square too and so it was that WCA I
waved the white flag of surrender and
sat this one out even so a mob of mostly
anti-fur counter protesters showed up
nevertheless and the spoilt children who
comprised the ranks of and Aoife were
reduced to venting their anger at
members of law enforcement and certain
media types because after all they came
for a love Trump's hate fight and by god
they weren't going to be denied that
fight even if their original target
never even bothered to show up indeed
check out what some of these thugs
decided to do two veteran Toronto Sun
photographer Stan B Hall who was merely
doing his job
yeah one of those thugs sucker-punched
Stan and stole his cap right in front of
a brigade of police who apparently
didn't want to intensify the situation
by whoa I don't know enforcing the law
and how very odd that Mayor John Tory
prior to the planned protests by WCA I a
group that I repeat never bothered to
show up and said as much two days prior
to the event anyway how odd it was to
see mayor Tory fret over hate speech
being voiced in the public square his
worship said this quote hatred and acts
of violence against any identifiable
group have no place in this city end
quote
oh really because where was Tory's
condemnation about another varietal of
hate speech namely those who marched in
June in the elk hoods Day Parade alkyds
is a toxic hate fest that's being
carried out for a number of years now
without a permit I might add but
nevertheless always with a police escort
and what a jolly parade it is with
participants waving the flags of Islamic
terrorist organizations and calling for
Jews and Israel to be eradicated
apparently when it comes to that kind of
hate speech Tory says that his office
would monitor the situation or something
like that here's something for you to
monitor Maher check out this thug
assaulting me and my cameraman Efrain my
sin I had the temerity to treat the
woman marching in the outcodes parade as
equals by asking for their opinions
something the assaulter didn't care for
mm what is that doll supposed to be
everyone's what are these dolls about
you know about that right excuse me
you touch me again okay you grab me you
do that again you do that again that's
pathetic I'm an artiste
I'm in their personal space you put your
hands on me and much like the Toronto
Sun stand be how law enforcement decided
to sit this one out - officer okay well
he he has assaulted me three times so
far officer do we have Canadian law here
or Sharia law officer lovely but what I
find especially perverse is seeing how
far left groups like an tyfa so often go
to bat for Islamist groups according to
a Forbes article terrorists murdered
three thousand three hundred and forty
two people on US soil from 1992 through
to August 12 2017 and Islamist
terrorists were responsible for 92% of
all those murders
92% as well even more perverse is that
an Tifa and their ilk cling to the
slogan love Trump's hate yet they
demonstrate how hollow these words are
by routinely engaging in acts of
violence
indeed they even preach that it's okay
to punch a Nazi and increasingly the
definition of Nazi is simply anyone
sporting a contrarian opinion at the end
of the day anti far not as the name
implies anti-fascists they are merely
fascists but let's simply call them Fah
from now on as for meritorious be
consistent on the hate speech file which
is to say if you are going to condemn
hateful speech directed toward Muslims
which didn't even happen
last week then you also need to condemn
hateful speech directed towards Jews
which happens every June in the city
during that alkyds Day parade or is
there a double standard here when it
comes to the condemnation of certain
types of hate speech and if so why so
for the rebel dot media I'm David the
men's I'd Menzies hey folks the rebel
has a new app please download that app
and take the rebel with you wherever you
go
you
