they are cockroaches and I will take
whatever punishment anybody has to give
me for that I want to protect my
neighborhood from these people I want
them out and I'm gonna do everything I
can to get rid of that element that's
making life miserable for the good
people in TCH C well I'm in the Jane
Finch corridor with local councillor
Giorgio Emily do you know counselor
ma'am milady has been in the news lately
and I'll tell you why folks he was
recently on the Azrael event show when I
was guest hosting and something called
press progress which is actually an arm
of the Broadbent Institute they picked
up on the interview and here's what they
had to say they tweeted this Toronto
councillor Giorgio mem led one of Doug
Ford's closest allies went on rebel
media this weekend and shared his
solution for Jane and Finch spray them
down like cockroaches end quote and then
the hate fest began about councilor
mammal lady now folks this is known in
the business as a drive-by smear job
because before I get into this with
councilor mammal Edie I'm going to show
you the clip and you're gonna see in
Georgio's own words verbatim what he
said so we'll just run that right now
one percent of their population are a
big problem to not only the residents in
NTCC
but the much larger communities what I
say that by that is they're harboring
literally all of these killers they're
harboring the the drug dealers they know
they are and they can't do anything
about it because the courts won't let
them evict they call it the last place
for these people to go so so if they
evict there's nowhere else for these
people to go I see it like spraying down
a building full of cockroaches the
cockroaches are just gonna scatter right
so start evicting them yes let them
scatter because their particular
strength is when they're all together in
a community like Jane and Finch so my
approach is going to be scatter them
evict them get them out of Jane and
Finch completely and
also have a further one day but I think
we need to knock the buildings down
completely and build into a mix it's not
fair to those residents to be to be
segregated they had that they have been
for the last 60 years it's no wonder our
little kids and those communities are
growing up angry and killing people
we need them to mingle with the rest of
society so Georgie oh there you were
you're answering a question you made the
cockroach statement obviously you are
not talking about the people in your
writing the people of Jane Finch as
being cockroaches you were talking about
the thugs the criminal element the
gangbangers that is making life very
difficult for law-abiding citizens here
weren't you you recall me saying that in
fact in fact it it amounts to 1% of the
TCH see tenants who are the gangbangers
and the drug dealers and those that are
stealing units from seniors and using
them as drug dens
that's rampant on TCH see anybody can
ask TCC they'll tell them that that's
the case and that I'm wanting a
mechanism to evict those people so that
the good people in TCH C are protected
they've taken it way out of context
they've asked me whether or not in fact
to that 1% I would consider to be
cockroaches and they're very close you
know they're human beings but at the end
of the day a gangbanger wants to kill
people wants to harbor children at 9
years old for drug smuggling and wants
to bring them into that lifestyle is not
any any further than a cockroach as far
as I'm concerned why do we have people
on the left right now standing up for
the bad guys the thugs
I mean Mayor John Tory last month got in
trouble for similar words when he called
a couple of gangbangers that shot at two
little girls in the playground sewer
rats and people some people the usual
suspects lost it over that two wires are
this for the for the for the very worst
elements I'll tell you why some of the
more marvelous people in in TCH see I've
had no choice but to accept money from
from drug dealers and and those that are
our gangbangers they pay them off to
stay silent
they pay them off to be the good the
good people so nobody can find out
information these are good people that
are caught up in a system we need to get
rid of the system that we have and
that's why I'm suggesting we terminate
we eliminate and we tear down the
segregation that has created this
nightmare even for the good people tear
it down and rebuild so it's a mixture of
everybody living together get rid of
that element and what do you make of
some of the commentaries about this
tweet Georgia I mean there were people
saying well George O'Malley D should be
the one sprayed with bug spray
there was comparisons to Hitler - god
forbid Donald Trump I mean even an
accusation or even a a question in which
someone wondered can we charge this man
with a hate crime all for calling
gangbangers and thugs cockroaches they
are cockroaches and I will take whatever
punishment anybody has to give me for
that these gangbangers for me need to go
and I have a plan to do it no other
candidate does and the people that
you're hearing from come from the other
camps the camps that would rather us hug
the thugs the ones that want us to keep
giving them money to survive and to
thrive I'm calling them out and I dare
them to come and debate with me and
let's do that on on your show let's
debate this issue on your show let's see
was the courage to come out and debate
this issue on the show and George oh
it's funny - it's perversely ironic that
you stand for something that I would
think the left would stand for which is
this idea of mix development when it
comes to subsidized housing so in other
words getting away from you know
ghettoizing if I can use that term
low-income people all in one area and
you were one of the proponents of what's
being generally considered a great
success the Regent Park redevelopment
can you tell us about that yes in fact
I'm the one who wrote the the report on
affordable housing in the city so I
believe that everybody should have a
home over and a roof over their head and
I believe that so much that I wrote a
report that says that look it up it is I
was the chair of the committee and I
the report was adopted by council that
particular report led to us moving
forward with a with a partnership
program with TCH CTC she became a
developer and they became a developer
and they tore down much of Regent Park
as we knew it the they worked in a deal
with the private industry private
developers those developers came to the
table with money and it's been a success
story we're doing it at Lawrence Heights
we're doing it right here at four growth
in in in Jane and Finch believe it or
not and so this has been blocked off
it's gonna be torn down and built as a
mix the ratepayers love it the people
that live here love it because they're
getting new homes we're gonna be mixing
them in with the rest of society and
there and we're not segregating a poor
and and I don't know what anybody's
complaining about but it seems to me
this it seems to me the people that are
complaining the most want the poor to
stay poor so that they get themselves
elected and re-elected one last question
do you think that the real target
Apress progress which like I said is an
arm of the broad bed Institute it's
actually dug for it because right up in
the lead they said here is one of Doug
Ford's closest allies is are you a way
in which they're trying to get at Doug
Ford I don't know Doug's Doug seems to
be doing what what I've talked to him
about there's a lot of advice gone my
way through him look he's put oh he put
a hold on on safe injection sites he's
he's moving forward with with cutting
Council in half all the things that him
and I talked about when he was was you
when he was at City Hall he's a friend
we talked and what's wrong with that if
it were the left and they had a premiere
that may have been NDP and and they were
talking what would they call themselves
perhaps they should call themselves
hypocrites well there you have it folks
I think George O'Malley D has stated his
case what press Progress did as I said
earlier was a drive-by smear councilman
millennia is correct when you as is a
Mayor John Tory when you have gang
bangers taking shots at
when you have people senior citizens
being shaken down for money these people
are sewer rats they are cockroaches and
if you have a problem with that I have
another animal metaphor for you I really
don't give a rodents rectum what you
think for the rebel media I'm David the
Ben Zoid Menzies
you
