my thoughts on this amorosa disaster
inside the White House
all right look everybody knows I'm a fan
of this president everybody knows I'm a
fan of this administration a friend of
this administration side I speak to them
I uh I'm an ally
I've always been I've never claimed to
be a down the middle journalist I've
always been an opinion come or on the
right who thinks this president is doing
great things for this nation our economy
especially our our military but no one
infallible everybody makes mistakes and
absolutely this president human being
very successful guy typically makes the
right call but with Amoroso um
Omarosa whatever they want to call the
president epically screwed up all right
the president made the biggest mistake
in the world
Omarosa had no business ever being in
the White House he was a media surrogate
on the campaign a spokesperson out there
and their thing and you know spoke uh in
the media nicely about then candidate
Trump and then after and during
transition every elected in in the early
days of the administration begged to
have a job she got a job he never should
have gotten a job Omarosa spent a year
and change in the White House I just
under a year hydras booted out in the
planning her book tour be fleeced
the American taxpayers quite frankly the
administration owes America an apology
for the six-figure salary
Omarosa receive who do what appears to
be absolutely nothing for the United
States of America Omarosa spend her time
in the White House collecting a very
nice paycheck who record people and to
basically build up the manuscript of her
book and that's because they're just too
many patronage jobs in politics now
crumbs put very good people in
high-profile and critical positions all
right I think he's made some very good
appointments also made some very bad
appointments at sessions attorney
general but I don't blame him on that
one
Oh him on that one you have sessions was
up with Washington DC inside aura
formerly very successful United States
attorney a senator for a very long time
backed Trump and difference for Trump in
southern states that would have
otherwise gone to Ted Cruz maybe suggest
sessions earned the job you have
sessions should have told Trump he was
gonna recuse Jeff Sessions could have
not taken the job I don't blame that one
on Trump because just sessions jeff
sessions had the resume he had the goods
I morose I never did Omarosa was a
failed reality show contestant fired
three times on the apprentice he had no
business being in the White House no
particular skillset she's clearly not
even a very good lawyer she did with the
campaign claims she did and breached the
NBA and she's being obviously brought
into arbitration proceedings over
breaching the NBA she signed while with
the campaign though on this one the very
rare rebuke of the president from me I
think the president needs to apologize
to America on this one Omarosa never
should have been collecting a dime of
pad taxpayer money never never I
understand loyalty I've done it it's
cost me money
loyal to people but this is a little
different this is the White House door
she was tucked away in some meaningless
position but then again isn't that the
definition of the swamp
president can't say I'm draining the
swamp while sticking amorosa in a back
office
can't do it and so on this one the
president was dead wrong let me say I
don't believe a word I'm morose is
saying I think she's launching a lot of
baseless accusations because it's
getting her name out there it's getting
her name out
but I don't believe a word of what she's
saying like I said yesterday if I didn't
be if that tape existed that NBC tape
from The Apprentice that would have
dropped in October 2016
Hollywood would never never and sat on
that tape for two years to screw with
him in two but never have happens I know
things were all right though I don't
believe a word she's saying but the
White House completely botched president
completely botched it giving her a job
kudos general Kelly for kicking her out
of the White House love bringing you
these stories this content I do it live
every day on the rebels YouTube channel
7:30 a.m.
tune in to declassified live thanks so
much for watching I'll see you tomorrow
you
