here's how Bernie put it in direct
response to that news article he said
Trudeau keeps pushing his diversity as a
strength slogan yes Canada is a huge in
diverse country this diversity is part
of us and should be celebrated but where
do we draw the line and then as you can
see he linked to that story I read some
more tweets since it was in the series
his next one ethnic religious linguistic
sexual and other minorities were
unjustly repressed in the past we've
done a lot to redress those in justices
and giveth everyone equal rights Canada
is today one of the countries where
people have the most freedom to express
their identity all right so far pretty
unremarkable don't you think in fact
he's really just checking off all the
boxes ethnicity religion sexuality
whatever really a liberal could say
everything he said so far I didn't keep
going look at this he says but why
should we promote ever more diversity if
every anything and everything is
Canadian does being Canadian means
something shouldn't we emphasize our
cultural traditions what we have built
and have in common what makes us
different from other cultures and
societies exactly I mean do you know
what the United States official motto is
not just a cliche spotted by Trudeau but
it was the official American motto
adopted in 7/8 1782
it's in latin it's e pluribus unum have
you ever heard that it means out of many
one as in America took a diversity and
they forged it into a unity they they
didn't take a unity and split it up into
a diversity they United they didn't
divide and say oh we're dividing and
this is awesome they took a division and
put it together and said look what we've
built together that's awesome he
pluribus unum is the exact opposite of
diversity so strength isn't that and
shouldn't Trudeau and the Liberal Party
of all people know that we have some
things that are non-negotiable at our
core an underlying identity that is
Canadian I mean didn't his father Pierre
Trudeau build his prime ministership on
that does our flag mean nothing or to be
more Trudeau peon does our Constitution
our chart of Rights me
nothing if you must are history I mean
even bilingualism which Pierre Trudeau
foisted on the whole country to a piece
Quebec isn't that different from the
cacophony of the Tower of Babel with a
million languages spoken but no one
talking to each other isn't that the
point of Canada that it's not just a
hotel room or an airport terminal but
it's a place with some meaning and not
just anyone's meaning we have a
different meaning than Pakistan or North
Korea or Cuba and it's why people in
fact flee those countries to come here
I'll read more from Bernays tweets he
said having people live among us who
reject basic Western values such as
freedom equality tolerance and openness
doesn't make us strong people who refuse
to integrate into our society and want
to live apart in their ghetto don't make
our society strong exactly that's the
heart of it there if you're against the
Equality of men and women if you are
diverse in that way you're not Canadian
if you believe in the supremacy of one
religion say in Islam / infidels or to
make it easier for the leftist to see
the point if you believe that whites are
racially superior to blacks let's say
that's one Canadian how is this at all
controversial this is a liberal list
there he's talking about including
everyone getting away from the
balkanization of ghettos how on earth is
that bad it's what the progressive
integrationists of the 1960's fought for
in the States blacks and whites living
together peacefully how is that out of
vogue in 2018 and don't you think that
most immigrants reading his comments
would say right on brother to Maxine
Bernie
let me read his fifth tweet he said
Trudeau's extreme multiculturalism and
cult of diversity will divide us into
little tribes that have less and less in
common apart from their dependence on
government in Ottawa
these tribes become political clientele
to be bought with taxpayers dollars and
special privileges again he's so right
and this is actually one of the
multiculturalism strategies that was
deployed by Stephen Harper and Jason
Kenney don't just pay off ethnic power
brokers and bosses try to find some
underlying values of commonality and and
talk to them about that bernie is simply
restating the Harper way he's
criticizing the affirmative action
payoffs by the liberal establishment
again I say right on and I bet most
minorities and immigrants would agree
last
sweet cultural balkanization brings
distrust social conflicts and
potentially violence as we are seeing
everywhere it's time we reverse this
trend before the situation gets worse
more diversity will not be our strength
it will destroy what has made us such a
great country so what you're talking
about his tweets are sort of a Rorschach
test you know those ink blots you look
at that you could project your own ideas
onto them you're not actually describing
the ink blot you're describing what's in
your own mind but even as a philosophy
in the abstract I think his tweets are
irrefutable and it's patriotic and it's
inclusive and if you want to know what
he really means by this dog-whistle
politics it's not hard to guess I mean
open the newspapers on any given day
open borders fake refugees Muslim
terrorist attacks the burqa and niqab
becoming ubiquitous anti historical
extremism tearing down statues rewriting
our anthem revising even whose pictures
are on our money it's obvious again
what's the objection here
well the objection is that you can't say
this because you can't say anything that
deviates from the establishment line you
can and you must have every sort of
diversity imaginable I accept for
diversity of opinion that's an excerpt
from my daily TV show the Ezra Levant
show no one leaves behind a paywall but
I thought you'd like this video so we
put it on YouTube if you want to
subscribe to watch the daily show every
day including always two interviews a
day and I read my hate mail just click
on this screen and become a Premium
Member
you
