turning to the increasingly wacky world
of sports yet more gender-bending trance
anity is occurring on the playing field
namely a transgender woman one a cycling
race in which all his competitors were
natural born woman huh good golly Miss
Molly how'd that happened
meet Rachel McKinnon someone who was
born a man but now identified as a woman
even though he's kept his manhood intact
anyway McKinnon not only recently won a
cycling competition in Los Angeles
against woman who were actually born
that way but she or he also went on to
set a world record in doing so do you
think maybe MacKinnon compared to the
natural-born female competitors had
inherent physical advantages by being
born male you know testosterone muscles
lung capacity stamina etc etc that's not
sexist folks that's merely a statement
of fact but to invoke the old Tina
Turner song what science got to do with
it I mean these days athletic
accommodation is all about feelings
that means coddling trans athletes who
amount to barely a percent of a percent
of a percent of the general population
indeed get this last month you sports
the organization that governs
intercollegiate athletics in Canada
quietly rolled out a new official policy
for transgender student athletes in a
nutshell the new policy states that
trans students will be able to compete
on teams that correspond with their
birth gender or the gender they are now
identifying with as long as they comply
with the Canadian anti-spam bearded
weightlifter currently identifies as
Maxine presto he must be allowed to pump
iron with the ladies I know who I'm
betting the house on in that event look
even if you're a die-hard crusader for
trans rights does any reasonable person
think this policy is fair to woman as in
those who were actually born female and
yet look at the sheer hutzpah of mr.
McKinnon in winning that cycling event
quote we cannot have a woman legally
recognized
as a trans woman in society and not be
recognized that way in sports focusing
on performance advantage is largely
irrelevant because this is a rights
issue we shouldn't be worried about
trans people taking over the Olympics we
should be worried about their fairness
and human rights instead
end quote could God so committed to
winning by any means necessary
McKinnon doesn't see the in perversity
inherent to his stance on human rights
which is to say the reason why Sports
has long been segregated along gender
lines with a notable exception of
equestrian events and auto racing is to
literally create a level playing field
so that women aren't routinely bested by
men but in MacKinnon's perverse world
trans rights can only be advanced at the
expense of women's rights sorry does not
compute bottom line MacKinnon's not a
world-class champ but rather a
world-class chump a cheater
thanks to biology and now the athletic
organizations that should be blowing the
whistle on such cheaters are instead
protecting them and to think it's all
due to political correctness as opposed
to fairness for the rebel media I'm
David the Ben Zoid Ben Z hey folks the
rebel has a new app please download that
app and take the rebel with you wherever
you go
you
