all right so we're gonna do things a
little bit different today I'm gonna do
a review actually of a trailer I'm gonna
watch it talk about I've seen this once
before in theater so it's kind of shock
what's been going on and there's a
reason why it's gotten so much buzz and
tread if you've been following this
movie in the media it's called the hate
you give and we'll get into kind of the
story and some things that may be
interesting about it that they can
improve on or that are completely false
I don't know let's see alright let's do
it man you coming at me for my music but
you listen to this old stuff oh really
together a whole lot of stuff we got
time okay kind of charming
pretty creepy and a lot of cheating
innuendo basically a typical Hollywood
movie setup I'm assuming and it looks
like these two charming young people
will be our two leads so what's gonna
happen my name is star two hours daddy
that garden Heights Mama and Daddy says
our life is here because our people are
here we got mr. Rufus barbecue
mr. Lewis's barbershop and daddy's store
the high school I think it's interesting
how they're painting the hood as this
utopia everyone getting along completely
but when you look at the shots
you see bars on the windows bulletproof
glass behind her daddy's counter seems
like it's not so much of a good place
but they're showing it as they complete
utopia and everything going wonderful
so what could possibly go wrong where
you go to get junk high or pregnant
we don't okay so they just said the high
school is a place you go to get junk I
get get high or get jumped get high or
get pregnant I believe is what they said
so I was interesting that they were kind
of honest about the public school system
in the inner city which is interesting I
guess because if the people living there
are living in such a utopia why is it
completely change when they go to high
school it seems like it would represent
what's going on the community
but I guess I think the solutions the
sidenote I guess the solution for this
would probably be more policing maybe at
the high school maybe drug sniffing dogs
to get rid of drugs stuff like that but
of course I don't think any democratic
politician would enact any of these
policies by policing more and making
sure the drugs run the high school
because that would make it look bad like
it you know prison to school pipeline or
whatever it seems like that would be the
solution to that high school but of
course I doubt I doubt they'll talk
about that in this trailer let's
continue voting Williamson is another
world so when I'm here I'm starvation
too so she goes to a I guess a white
high school I wonder I mean I guess
there's no drugs getting pregnant or
getting jumped I'm assuming I don't know
why that is basically you see typical
white guy go through all those shoes are
lit like he's just so uncool and could
not possibly hang with Starr I guess on
a regular basis Williamson Starr doesn't
give anyone a reason to call her ghetto
and I hate myself for doing it until the
weekend comes around okay that's pretty
interesting to me okay so she's talking
about how like obviously she can't be
herself but she goes back to I guess
where she's from the the culture where
the high school is and her community to
what they do on the weekend which is
partying at a house drinking from Solo
cups and she's a DJ which is I think
it's pretty funny but I wonder what so
why would the weekend when you have no
rules when you're hanging on the exact
same community as the people from that
high school that she couldn't go to why
at that party all of a sudden would
there not be any you know getting jumped
drugs getting pregnant why would that
only happen at school it seems like it
would probably happen in the same
community and culture that that that's
happening that were the people going to
school would come from but you know who
knows I guess this still just a utopia
when you go back to the hood and party
in a house party
oh you know it's coming out of the car
you know stop go back where he told you
come on I'm not playing go back okay so
you can kind of see now what this movie
is about I white cop who I'm assuming is
going to be a total racist shoots this
unarmed black kid and I think it's
interesting that star and it is like go
back to where he told you to stand don't
reach into a car that you've been pulled
out of then um as someone that's been
I've been in several movies where I
played a police officer so I've worked I
did some police training I went on beats
with different cops we like rolled
around and all you have to do like
they're taught obviously because they
deal with people that are actual
criminals actual killers that kill
people all the time admit the only
reason you go back to your car after
you've been told stand here is to drive
off and potentially take this girl with
him who know who knows what their actual
relationship would have been or get a
gun so your that's why you're not
allowed to reach back anywhere because
these cops literally do get killed in
the line of duty protecting innocent
people from criminals that's why you
have to obey the rules and I'm glad they
at least showed her being like no don't
reach back in the car but I'm assuming
that's not gonna be talked about I'm
assuming it'll just be another terrible
crime on an innocent victim which
obviously would be tragic you know it's
would be tragic for anyone to be killed
like this but you know it's more factors
than just a white person hitting a black
person obviously
today garden Heights is reeling after
the shooting of a 17 year old black
teenager by a white police officer and
there you go I was right we live in a
complicated world it doesn't seem that
complicated to me so smashing a police
car and then getting arrested they're
somehow the same thing like an actual
crime and then I'm assuming this guy
it's the same story just a different
name
and every cop is obviously white in
every shot so far even though in these
communities it's very representative as
far as the police force as in the
community most the people that are
police officers in these communities
came from these communities themselves
you know just like you know I live in LA
now I don't just apply for a police job
in Wyoming it's not how it works it's
about more than just a little
it's about black people poor people
everybody at the bottom it's about black
people poor people everyone at the
bottom does that sound suspiciously like
the booze Waze versus the proletariat's
just rebranded I don't think that worked
out very well for anybody play this
identity politics game where you love
people in two categories but let's
continue I need to speak
when you ready to talk you talk don't
ever let nobody make you be quiet
wait what's she getting what do you
throw up a black power fist she needs to
talk about something what was the
solution with the solution be to follow
like requests and orders when given to
them by an officer in uniform when
you're being pulled over for something
or is it that we all need to do what
like what's the solution you want all
the police officers off the street do
you want nothing bad to happen or no
mistakes be made in the most
high-pressure situation imaginable
policing a community that's never gonna
happen so we give me give me like one
solution star what are you gonna say is
the solution to said problems obviously
any bad police officer I want to be
prosecuted to the full extent of the law
be completely thrown off the force and
never be able to do anything ever again
but 99.9 percent of the time that's not
the case you start by asking
hate you yeah all right
see you guys did you enjoy that video of
course you enjoyed that video so now you
need to become a premium member to the
rebel that way you have first access to
pure Hollywood and the entire rebel
lineup
you
