a shocking ruling in that New Mexico
terror case all right now this case in
New Mexico is troubling enough bunch of
Muslim terrorists adults four five
adults led by a guy whose dad was a
radical Muslim cleric connected to the
first nine of the first o World Trade
Center bombing back in 1993 or training
a bunch of kids eleven children rescued
from the compound these savages were
training them to shoot up schools we
know that story but in a disgraceful in
a disgraceful twist a a showing of
judicial activism from the left the
likes of which I haven't seen ever a
judge in New Mexico named Sarah Backus
now she's judged that covers Towson
liberal artists colony gave the savage
Muslim terrorists a signature bond
eventually meaning they walk out of
court and walked into court he said the
state of New Mexico couldn't prove I'm
gonna summarize it didn't to Mexico
didn't really proved they were dangerous
and required a high bail let me tell you
something from personal experience cop
lifters get a $5,000 bail all right
armed robbers get thirty five forty
thousand violent assault attempted
murder get fifty sixty a hundred
thousand they were training children to
kill other children and the body of a
child was found on the property this is
insanity so I looked up this judge and
this is from the state of New Mexico
Supreme Court in New Mexico judicial
performance evaluation Commission as a
friend of mine Rob Lowe Donald former
NYPD homicide detective looked up the
judge sent me the link and I started to
look into her and here's what's
interesting when you look at court staff
courts that
let me give you the ratings this judge
was given exhibits integrity sixty
percent agree
thirty percent disagree partially 10%
wrongly disagree respects court
employees only 43 percent agree 19
percent partially disagree
38% flat-out disagree
and the liberal lawyers lover that tells
you a lot jurors there like her very
liberal place
very liberal place this is scary
30% of court staff did not want her kept
on as a judge
that says a lot that says a lot
what was this woman thinking these are
the kinds of decisions that get people
Hill
this is sheer insanity and make no
mistake I believe racial identity
politics played a big role here the
defendants were black and Muslim in
front of what seems to be a very very
liberal judge if they were white
Christian NRA members meaning kids and
they were men all men training kids to
shoot up schools they would have been
given no bail they would have been
remanded state of New Mexico needs to
investigate this judge from what I see
right now judge Sarah Backus district
court judge 8th Judicial District in New
Mexico is unfit to sit on the bench
he literally put terrorists who were
training children to kill other children
back out on the street it is the worst
kind of judicial activism and it gets
people Hill this is bad it has me fired
up I'm gonna be bringing you more on
this judge as I uncover it I'm also
gonna be talking about this on my live
show off the cup Declassified 7:30 a.m.
every weekday morning
tune in thanks for watching I'll see you
tomorrow
