hey guys back with you let me know if
the audios any better let me know if the
audio is any better hopefully hopefully
it is see what we got now so let's see
if our audio is any better not sure if
it is but hopefully we can make it a
little bit better here because we have a
lot to go over a lot to go over it looks
like our videos pretty good I don't know
why we're having audio problems now but
this is getting really really annoying
in got to figure out how to diagnose all
these things so hey guys is the audio
better just give me a heads up let me
know if the audio is better alright
anyway so we were talking about Peter
Strock we're talking about Peter struck
today I've got a lot of information on
that had dinner with the senior federal
agent last night who works in well he
works in a different federal agency
under the Department of Justice very
high-ranking guy in OPR their internal
affairs a lot to go over with that also
going to be talking about these New
Mexico suspects released on what's
called the signature bond they're not
going to put up any bond it is
disgraceful beyond bad I'm gonna give
you examples of other bail that I've
seen now they were supposed to be
released on 20 grand bail each it's now
a signature bond meaning they won't have
to put up any money
terrorists Muslim terrorists training
children to shoot up schools inside the
United States a left of it a leftist
activist judge out in Liberal Taos New
Mexico seems to think that's acceptable
seems to think that's all very very
acceptable I'm beside myself on this one
simply beside myself on this one have
never seen anything this bad in my life
never never I don't understand what
these judges want to do so the judge in
I'm gonna get
a minute but the judge essentially said
there isn't enough the state didn't make
a case that putting these filthy
disgusting Muslim terrorist savages in
jail would would benefit Public Safety
in other words state of New Mexico
didn't provide enough evidence that
these savage low-lives were a danger to
the public
I have never heard of anything that bum
that just epically effin dumb in my
entire life it enrages me enrages me all
right but back to Peter Scott now
Peter struck was fired disturbingly
disturbingly his GoFundMe has raised a
lot of money let's see how much it's
raised so far Peter structs GoFundMe has
now raised you ready for this is a guy
who destroyed lives two hundred and
sixteen thousand nine hundred and forty
two dollars as we sit here raised by
fifty three hundred and sixty one people
in the last twenty hours this guy this
guy has almost a quarter million dollars
in his GoFundMe all from far leftists
anonymous donors $15 $20 disgraceful so
struck is fired now you remember what he
did and good morning everybody you're
coming in fast and furiously fast and
furiously so I'm gonna get to your
comments a little bit later all right
so Peter struck is fired by the new FBI
deputy director Dave Bowditch now a
Boetticher I've been hearing very good
things about Dave voltage even Sebastian
Gorka when he and I were having
breakfast Oh last year when when there
was talk of Bowditch being the guy to
replace Andy McCabe up said he's a good
guy
vii worked with him said he's a really
good guy I've got friends in the FBI
especially over in the LA field office
who worked with Bowditch the work with
Bowditch some laughing because David may
says Q never saw this coming
exactly because Q is fake
q is a fake who uses curated news
articles that you didn't see from
yesterday and and tries to make people
believe that they're real q The Insider
didn't know that this guy was gonna be
fired give me a break
give me a break and yeah my buddy Jack
the sovietic you down epicly Jack and I
have been chatting about that quite a
bit we've been texting we actually have
a lot of fun joking about Q and and the
people that buy into it anyway hmm
Gil Kofman says one of my videos was
deleted as you were looking at my
livestream no it wasn't I deleted it the
sound quality the audio was bad yeah I
had to restart the stream so I got rid
of the video there was no sense in
having a partial video with bad sound up
there so wasn't YouTube doing that to us
that was me my friend all right
subtractors fired now FB i--'s opr the
Office of Professional Responsibility
only recommended a 60-day hit suspension
and a demotion in rank whether he was
SES or gs-15 they were to bump him down
either gs-15 earning more gs-14 or even
just to step down in 15 or SES alright
so something happened and we don't know
what happened but something happened
that caused the new FBI deputy director
Dave Bowditch and I said a guy I've
heard really good things about to step
in and fire struck rather than take
opioids recommendation to take opioids
recommendation and give him the 60-day
hit what I suspect happened and I had
dinner with a very senior federal agent
in another agency's OPR what he suspects
happened we all suspect happen is that
the Office of Inspector General
presented something even more damning
than was already known through to the
director and the deputy director of the
FBI which then necessitated Peter stocks
firing alright so here's how it all
works whenever an allegation of
misconduct comes
into one of the federal law enforcement
agencies under the Department of Justice
whether that be that the DEA or the FBI
or whatever the the allegation
automatically goes to the Department of
Justice Office of Inspector General now
what a lot of people don't know is that
the Office of Inspector General you know
it's autonomous but they're not as
experienced as the media made them out
to be the bulk of their work
the bulk of OIG s work is spent doing
internal investigations into Department
of Justice Federal Bureau of Prisons
federal prisons allegations of
corruption against prison guards
allegation of abuse by the prison guards
investigating the private facilities
they contract you that's the bulk of
their work it's very rare that OIG gets
a case like they got with struck in
McCabe and call me high-level
counterintelligence those kinds of
things that's very rare for a yga all
right very rare for a G so what oh I G
typically does is it no matter the
allegation or wrongdoing
anything from that FBI agent is working
with the mob to kill people to that FBI
agent working with the mob to kill
people to that FBI agent cut me off and
gave me the finger on my way to work in
their government car all of that
originally goes to oh i J all I jibon
looks at him and says well we want this
one this one we're going to send back
down to the FBI's OPR Office of
Professional Responsibility and let them
handle now in the case of struck he was
being looked at by both OPR was looking
at him for the text messages did they
violate procedure what what can be done
about that is it criminal is it not
because OPR can also touch the criminal
stuff and there are many often instances
where OPR works alongside Inspector
General and other agents to go after say
corrupt agents that are engaged
in racketeering organized crime activity
drug-dealing stealing money that kind of
thing so in the case of struck you had
an OIG investigation you have an OIG
investigation going to determine whether
or not he tampered with the witness
statements those three Oh choose that
would be criminal right that's witness
tampering obstruction of justice well at
the same time you have an OPR
investigation going to determine the
proper punishment for the text messages
between him and Lisa page we're gonna
take down Trump we're gonna stop him
using their FBI devices sending fifty
thousand texts that's what OPR was
looking at so OPR came back and said
well give the guy 60 days suspension and
demote him my suspicion as to why he was
fired suspicion but it's the same
suspicion of some very senior federal
agents I know is that excuse me Oh IG
most likely came back to the director of
the FBI and the deputy director and said
wait a second we see some other things
that are really bothering us it's so
sensitive we want to show you right now
we don't even want to wait till the end
of the investigation so hey director hey
deputy director this is what we found so
far and this uh
the speculation is as fish it is that
when Ray and Bowditch spoted saw it they
said we can't even keep this guy on the
payroll anymore and we can't keep this
guy in the building this is really bad
and that led to his firing but spilling
water on myself now the reason I suspect
that is that's very much the way Andrew
McCabe was fired over the weekend when
McCabe was fired now Strock was fired on
Friday I'm gonna get two timelines in a
moment but McCabe's firing was announced
on a Monday and over that weekend the
Inspector General came to Christopher a
the newly minted FBI director and showed
him some things
that necessitated the firing of Andrew
McCabe I suspect that's what happened
with struck the other reason I suspect
that's the case hmm and that the
information against stroke was very
damning as he was fired on Friday and
nothing leaked nothing leaked it never
leaked
we never news truck was fired until the
FBI issued a statement confirming the
statement issued by Struck's
attorney yeah it was strux lawyer who
told us he was fired and the FBI simply
confirmed it it never leaked had it
leaked or I should say let me back up
if the information against Peters truck
wasn't damning it woulda leaked
if it was only about Trump pressuring
people it would have leaked now that's
the new spin the new spin is Donald
Trump pressured people the fire Peters
oh my god
Peter's truck is an amazing guy career
public servant oh he's a great human
being but he's not as a bad guy he's a
bad bad guy
wow you guys are coming in fast and
furiously I love it I love it so well
Theresa Mulligan says about Peter struck
I'm waiting for the criminal charges
well we don't know we don't know but so
if Peter struck is raising $250,000 for
a legal defense he's afraid of something
all right
again speculation but I suspect that
what he knows why he was fired he's
trying to get in front of it and he
knows that the real reason for his
firing could possibly result in criminal
charges mmm and if it does he's gonna
need a lot more than a quarter million
bucks a lot more mr. low-key good
morning to you in southern Indiana love
that part of the country especially at
Louisville Indiana border beautiful
beautiful place I've done that drive up
to South Bend quite a bit Billy
Breitling says the FBI is too much power
in one spot should be broken in smaller
agencies oh I disagree I disagree is
there's just there were bad people at
the top of the FBI bad people but the
agents do a pretty damn good job let me
tell you I talked to a lot of agents
they are really disgusted with struck
really now another another suspicion I
have is that Lisa Paige is cooperating
with the government that she turned on
struck I suspect Lisa Paige is
cooperating mm-hmm and that's why strike
is nervous and I suspect she had
something to do with the firing not her
personally but information she provided
to the government I suspect that it's
part of the case mr. low-key thank you
very much love having you in the
audience yeah no it really is a great
part of the country I have a lot of good
friends down in the Indianapolis area
friends in Carmel so I get up there
often and some family in South Bend so I
get up to that area often and always
enjoy it always really a lot relaxing be
in Indiana
no more PC says struck makes the FBI
look terrible and untrustworthy yeah a
dinner with a younger agent about three
weeks ago you say a friend's husband and
a really solid guy was an army special
operator went into the bureau in his 30s
despises despises struck in mccabe did
go tell me that Comey wasn't a bad
director left the agents alone and do
their job said ray is much more of a
micromanager but there are lawyers and
Comey eventually got jammed up so he
said he they're embarrassed by what
Comey did he said but day to day Comey
wasn't the worst guy to work for he just
let the cops be cops let them do what
they needed to do he didn't even step on
too many toes and also remember you go
he's super chat give a donation and well
bump your comment right to the top of
the list Nigel says he trusts us a
treble more than BBC well you should
we're not state-run
we are not state-run media we're an
independent voice let's see oh I got a
lot of friends from the UK on with me
today awesome
alright so that's my suspicion on Peter
struck I suspect Peter struck knows why
he was fired I suspect it was for
something more serious than just those
text messages and as much as they know
what they're trying to spin all right
now don't know if you saw this but let
me read you part of the they go fund me
that struck has up he's raised 260
almost two hundred seventeen thousand
dollars as of this morning Peter struck
a man who has spent his entire life
working to help keep us in our nation
safe has been fired he needs your help
for the last year Pete his work and his
character have been the target of highly
politicized attacks
excuse me allergies including frequent
slanderous statements from President
Trump who actively and apparently
successfully pressured FBI officials to
fire Pete now notice how he never takes
any responsibility for anything he did
none none not Pete sent 50 thousand text
messages to his mich mistress with whom
he was cheating on his wife Pete tried
to undermine an election Pete tried to
aku the sitting president he never talks
about that no no he's the victim because
he got caught and I can't believe
they're a bunch of morons given this guy
nearly two hundred and twenty thousand
dollars the hell is wrong with these
people
I have evolved my thinking on something
I believe that Andrew McCabe was a
Hillary crony and the Hillary operative
I believe that the rest of them are
selfish and trying to save their own
skin what do I mean all right
for a long time we've all speculated
that all of these people did what they
did because they had some ideological
loyalty to Hillary Clinton hmm
but that's not it that's not it they all
figured Hillary was gonna win the whole
world was telling all of us you know
ninety-two percent Hillary eight percent
Trump 98 percent Hillary two percent
Trump so they all jumped on the
bandwagon to help who they thought was
gonna be their ultimate new boss Hillary
Clinton when Hillary lost I think there
were a lot of Oh moments where they said
we got to cover our tracks cuz we pretty
much broke the law hmm so now what do we
do well it got a discredit this new guy
coming in we've got to make something up
paint this new guy is a bad guy so that
if he starts firing us and prosecuting
us it's gonna look like he's trying to
kill an investigation in him so I don't
believe it was ideologically a UH
ideological loyalty to Hillary I believe
they're all covering their asses they're
all covering their tracks and that's
what's going on here they're saving
their own skin they don't care that
Hillary's not the president they're
saying mm we shouldn't have gotten in so
deep with her why did they tell us she
was gonna win now we're screwed
we screwed ourselves and that's what it
is yes I said it in my Bruce or video I
mean and I'm even more convinced of it
now and I'm gonna keep repeating it
until people start to see it because
it's important it's really really
important that people understand look to
me that's worse than being ideologically
aligned with Hillary Clinton to me it's
worse to me it says we have not just
political hacks and ideologues
weaponizing law enforcement we have
self-serving opportunists weaponizing
their individual law enforcement
commissions for personal gain
that's worse than an ideological bias
for worse mmm far worse but it creeps
into every aspect of life and there
hasn't been enough justice shown to
those who engage in this soft coup
make no mistake that's all this is make
no mistake Gale Kaufman says yes the
timeline of the corruption started
before Trump was elected right now
because they were told that Hillary was
a slam dunk to win so they were just
ensuring that happen and they were all
jockeying the show Hillary I was more
loyal I was more loyal I was more loyal
look I did more to damage Trump than he
did no I did more to damage Trump in
cheating so that when Hillary was there
they'd all get their bumps it started as
a kiss ass movement I truly don't
believe it started as an ideological
movement because the top guys were in
for Hillary all right but there is no
justice there's no justice not enough
people have been arrested not enough
people have been fired now let's talk
about the firings and when the Democrats
and even 70 ikonn Republicans tell you
oh this is all nonsense homi fired
number 2 McCabe fired head of Karen tell
struck fired ryebeck II left Lisa page
left on precedented this has never
happened never in the nearly 100 year
history of the FBI the FBI is oh I don't
know 10 12 years I being 100 this has
never happened in the nearly 100 year
history of the FBI and Muller was in the
middle of it he was a buddy of all these
guys we now know that a leg their
apostille to Russia and they're trying
to align Trump with was asked by Muller
when Muller was FBI director to
personally fund the rescue of Bob
Levinson that FBI CIA guy the contractor
who was looking into Iran Deripaska was
personally by Muller to fund the
operation
he's the US couldn't be behind an OP
inside Iran Deripaska is a billionaire
he spent about 25 million of his own
money doing that
guess-who Deripaska primary points of
contact work at the FBI
Andy McCabe and peace truck yep
guess who the agent that lead the
Levinson case was Robin grits you
remember Robin grits she's the agent
that Andrew McCabe subsequently
discriminated against tried to have
fired
Robin grits was detailed to the Defense
Intelligence Agency from the FBI she
worked very closely with Mike Flynn with
general Flynn a friend of mine general
Flynn went to bat for her against Andrew
McCabe seeing how this all ties together
now strip bare donated thank you
stripped bare why are so many lawyers in
DC are they important so many lawyers in
DC because legislators legislate and
they make law are they important well
ends if they win or not what a good
question so you've got that same cabal
Muller McCabe straw Comey general Flynn
been fighting with them for years to
protect an agent who wasn't in their
cabal these are old grudges old old
grudges that have little to do with
politics old grudges that's the deep
state that's the swamp that's it
H Steve salaka from Chicago how are you
my friend
so Terry Lambert Ernst Lambert says yeah
Bruce or is still there yes and that
defies logic and it shows that Jeff
Sessions is powerless useless useless
useless useless he's got to go
general Flynn is a good man speaks still
is a good man he's a friend of mine I'm
very friendly with the family general is
an outstanding American and one of the
nicest gentlemen you'll ever meet
Gale Cochrane where is Levinson still
missing yes he's lost in Iran Levinson
we don't know where he is mmm stripped
bare donated again in five pounds
Hillary's and was a beast did you kind
of agree yeah well Hillary would have
been the worst candidate ever ever ever
yeah Jeff Sessions is useless right that
we all know that Q is now debunked never
saw the McCabe firing coming the bunk
the bunk the bunk and there is no plan
trust the planet no plan sessions is
useless useless useless but there's no
justice why doesn't Flynn speak publicly
about the injustice Chaz 1422 asked
because he didn't sentence yet he hasn't
been sentenced it would be legally
imprudent legally nuts from the general
to do that but I predict he'll speak
about it soon enough
I predict that Tara Rose is Aloha from
Delray Beach I'll be there later
I loved onei Beach thanks for doing this
man Hillary is a monster a narcissistic
psychopath I'm in Delray Beach couple of
nights a week for happy hour actually
one of my favorite places to go love
that strip Trump Tower was always set up
Susie says Susie take seven thanks for
the donation
Trump Tower was always set up it's
obvious Susie could not agree more
I believe it absolutely was a setup from
start to finish ma'am you are a hundred
percent correct hmm it was a setup it
damaged Trump team whom to make Don jr.
a guy I know well good guy make him look
bad all the setup yep let's see pain
fool 13 is in Fort Lauderdale so am I
look at that got a bunch of locals now
love it all right Fort Lauderdale Delray
peeps tell me your favorite places to go
we'll see if we go to the in places
dinner drinks speaks lease live in
Weston 2000 and 2001 just west of the
studio really nice area Westin alright
so I said there's no justice so let's
talk about this New Mexico Muslim terror
case make no mistake it is Muslim terror
Turbo Jones is talking about Admiral
Rogers mmm verdicts still out on him not
sure not sure you know it's a good
question he's talking of course but Mike
Rogers former head of the NSA I still
can't tell if it was a good guy bad guy
or didn't want any part of any of it I
love Johnny Brown's painful go there all
the time
mmm I was actually there on Sunday
really really fun spot anyway so uh
we've got this Muslim they go to Muslim
terror case out in New Mexico he Suraj
training little kids with his sisters
and his wife training little kids to do
school shootings well a four left judge
Gail its Admiral Mike Rogers he was the
former head of the NSA before general
Nakasone the current guy that's who
they're talking about mm-hmm and this
guy's training these little kids to
shoot up schools all right it's got a
band of merry Muslim they found the body
of a dead child on the property they
finally get a message from inside the
compound you know the story they raid
the compound they rescue these kids and
a far left F and judge in Taos New
Mexico decides to free the guy gave him
a signature bond so he can walk out
saying the state of New Mexico didn't
prove that they were a danger are you
kidding me let me back up because we
froze they raid the compound they find a
bunch of kids 11 kids aged one through
15 being trained to shoot up schools you
got a bunch of radical Muslims you got
currents all over the place
and a leftist judge gives the guy a
signature bond gives the Muslim savage
women a signature bond and lets them out
of court they're free they're free and
the judge said well state of New Mexico
couldn't prove their case they didn't
prove that they're a danger to society
are you effing kidding
are you kidding me shoplifters get
$5,000 bail
I had armed robbers with fake rubber
knives in the bronze I watch them get
fifteen twenty thirty thousand dollars
bail they were abusing children teaching
them to kill other children they found a
body on the property you can't prove
they're a danger this is infuriating
this judge should be kicked off the
bench this is an epic epic disgrace and
it's dangerous and make no mistake about
what happened here
they were Black Muslim suspects and this
judge wants to do the liberal thing say
well we're not gonna rush to judgment
just because they're black and they're
Muslim that's all this is about if they
were white Christian NRA members they
would have no body and the feds would
have taken the case you damn damn sure
of that you could take that to the bank
this is all because of their race and
their political affiliation in very
liberal artist colony Taos New Mexico
that's what this is all about this is
far left judicial activism at it's very
very very worst this is a disgrace
Alastair Cook said it's dangerous and
sickening yes yes the cops didn't
leave that stuff behind a lot of bad
information out there now this is uh
disgraceful this is disgraceful and
again make no mistake this was identity
politics from the bench of the worst
kind and these judges they will get
people to look they are getting people
killed they got cops killed in
Massachusetts because they kept going
easy on these savages
letting these these career criminals out
time after time after time and we wind
up with dead young police officers who
served in Iraq and Afghanistan made it
home safe get killed on the streets of
their own damn City because of left-wing
judges it's a disgrace oh man it really
infuriates me so that's the latest in
that case that's what we know that's
what we know and it's I'm just I'm
sickened that I have to report on this
stuff
sickened and you know what no one will
do a thing about it no one will do a
thing about it
Merck mad just made a really dumb
comment ex-service people make seriously
poor cops I'm sorry dude that's about
the dumbest thing I've ever heard
some of the most proficient cops I ever
worked with were former military
squared-away tactically sound
level-headed you have no idea what
you're talking about there I mean this
was just so bad so so bad and and I
don't even know where to begin with this
with this entire case mm-hmm don't even
know where to begin Merck bad actually
you don't know what you're talking about
you're just trolling it's all right you
got your 11 seconds that's all you're
getting
I'm on this one let's see let's go to
some of your good of some of your
comments here I got a whole bunch let's
see
Wow
let me find some good one here's a good
one Jonathan Bryan could the first
amendment be expanded to include the
public domain
particularly for platforms that exist
under the Kittitas like Facebook Twitter
and YouTube
you know I'm torn I'm on one hand if
they want to be media outlets then it
should we're doing a little better with
her but we still are getting a cut off
here we were getting a little trouble
with the stream but what I'm saying is
the what do you call if they want to be
media outlets it want to be news outlets
then yeah the First Amendment should
apply if they don't dam one remain
private companies then not it's pretty
easy murk man just made another kind of
a factually incorrect comment seen
enough shootings on YouTube by former
service members who are police so you're
using YouTube as the scientific basis
for your argument what you need to do is
go to the statistics on police officers
and you'll see they're incredibly
restrained compared against the amount
of incidents to which they respond they
use deadly force almost exclusively when
justifiable and there is literally
literally a handful of instances yearly
where the police miss use deadly force
over hundreds of millions interactions
with the public please never tell me
that your basis for slamming the police
our YouTube videos
that's not even anecdotal that's junk
data alright let's see what else we got
here well Anne Ricci says they cook meth
in New Mexico and do nothing while the
children become drug addicts and they
cook meth everywhere it's not unique to
New Mexico strip bare donate it again
keep coming keeping keep easy for me to
say
keep kicking butt love this channel well
we love having you
years stripped bare yeah they cook meth
everywhere everywhere mmm let's see what
we got going on here let's see we got
going on mmm yeah let's see Terence
Lambert says military trades people
factory workers made the best cops not
college Fuchs I'll tell you what yeah I
mean I worked with a lot of guys that
came out of military a lot of guys yeah
carpenters and plumbers and drywall guys
they have a work ethic they have a work
ethic they made really good cops and a
lot of those guys had those businesses
on the side my old partner did he was
actually my boss he was a you know
police sergeant in the NYPD and then he
had a really successful contracting
company and so he did it before the job
he did it after he still does it well
not anymore he made a fortune and
retired but but uh yes I agree let's see
let's see what else the thing with the
ex-military is they have more firearm
and self-defense training the cops that
didn't go through the military a much
more solid base and to an extent it's
different training where I found the
military guys made really good cops was
the discipline their understanding on
how to de-escalate and escalate they
were level-headed they had been trained
they had been humbled they had drill
instructor screaming in their face so
when a bad guy on the street was
screaming in their face they didn't get
all worked up and jacked up and want to
beat the hell out of the guy and get
everybody else in trouble they were cool
through it they were professional
through it that's where I found they
made the best cops because it's the rare
instance you're gonna get in a shootout
99.9% of your day is spent interacting
and talking to people unless they get a
little frosty and you got to put hands
on and I found that my partners who had
been in the military had a much more
level head when doing that short
tactical training helped but uh I always
found it was that level-headedness that
was really a key element let's see what
else we got here hmm let's
what else we got a lot of hits on on
Michelle Obama I don't even want to give
her any any airtime I don't even want to
take her seriously don't even want to
take her seriously as a presidential
candidate it's terrifying
hmm MD says John what I fear is that
with this continuing sewer stream of
judgments by these leftist judges I
presume you mean well eventually a
people sick and tired of it starting to
take justice into their own hands I
don't think you're that far off I don't
think you're that far off it's getting
bad getting bad let's see what else we
got mmm all right now I'm gonna have to
put Burke Matt in timeout gotta put them
in timeout when they act like when
they're bad got to put them in timeout
believe me we have the very very best
timeouts here the very best timeouts
believe me mmm all right let's see what
else we got Inquisitor of Keck said
you're judging a few hundred in the face
of hundreds of millions not even a few
hundred less than it does it let's see
hmm
noble bran says funny thing about black
Muslims Muslim doctrine is that black
folks can't be true Muslim they become
an inferior Muslim by being adopted as a
slave or servant to a Mideast or Arab
Muslim well I haven't heard that take
before plenty plenty of Muslim converts
here in the prisons many of them black
mm-hmm oh there's one of my favorite
conspiracy theories it's fine
let's say Tara Rose says what about Joan
Rivers who said she was a training and
that Obama was gay and that everybody
knew and then she was murdered a week
later yeah you know a lot of women in my
life believe that one as well nah I
don't think that was the case I think
Joan Rivers was a sensational comedian
and funny as hell and I think that I
remember her comment Michelle Obama is a
tranny but I think Joan Rivers there's
an older woman in her 80s who just put a
lot of strain on her body
those continued plastic surgeries and
that anesthesia I don't think she was
murdered I think she just should have
she looked fine and she started to look
a little weird she should have just
enjoyed her fortune gracefully and spend
time with her grandkids and not worried
about anesthesia and being cut into a
body could only take so much
especially in the 80s let's see hmm
strip bare you are an ex-marine thank
you very much for your service let's see
what else we got let's see what else we
got oh I have a lot of patience with the
trolls yeah what am I gonna do what am I
gonna do I'm gonna think about it so
you're telling you guys how a cop on the
streets best asset is having a cool head
and being able to deescalate I did that
job what am I gonna do lose my temper on
trolls like that I can't even see nope
not gonna do it not gonna do it Eric
Dondero is gonna have Tommy Robinson
apparently oh you know doing okay rough
time in prison but like I always tell
you guys
Ezra's in pretty much daily touch with
Tommy and his family I don't report on
it because I'm avoiding it I report I
don't important as what really is the
one guy who has more information about
that than anybody else and so check out
Ezra's videos his stream his Twitter he
can give you a much more comprehensive
real-time info on Tommy
rough time in prison look he's got to go
back to court so I'm sure he's a nervous
wreck but on the upside he's home so
that's a good thing that's a good thing
let me see James Comey had some tight
connections the Romanian government
secret police well every FBI director
has to deal with foreign heads of state
let's see
speaking of escalation or we like me to
see some appropriate escalation from the
police forces in the u.s. to protect the
civilian population and property from
the antiva and BLM protesters that's
from sexy bearded viking wizard the
badass aussie hmm well you definitely
have the best name today sexy I hope so
I didn't like the way the DC police are
being abused they did a great job
they were very restrained very
restrained but I think if the police are
too restrained it's gonna win Bolden and
Abel you're like auntie fun it's gonna
Bolden and enable and Bolden and enable
groups like aunt Eva
don't worry sis thanks for covering what
others won't and have it well I
appreciate it we love doing this
Cory weird has asked me but the Jones
Act it governs a maritime law don't know
much about it I'm not the guy to ask
about that although I will stead of my
own curiosity Scott Ewing Drive have
Scott on the show often a former CIA
station chief was a naval officer he was
also a merchant seaman and for a while
after the Navy I know about the Jones
Act because Scott and I discuss it and
what I will do for you is I will ask him
his opinion of this and if you could
remind me on tomorrow show her the next
day show excuse me I'll let you know
what he told me let's see what else we
got let's see Julianne pieces one issue
in law enforcement these days as
applicants or amount of applicants down
sixty to seventy percent many don't want
to seem to put up with a lack of support
well yeah that's right no if the
application rates have fallen off that
much but a lot of reasons why they have
fallen off and you're right they have
the economy is doing well they're better
paying jobs out there war on police lack
of support
Hobbes being vilified second guests and
doing it for very little money
so when you see cities like Chicago
jumping off and the cops are being
vilified when they do right and
better jobs out there for more money
where you don't have to be treated that
way
applications for policing jobs fall off
but even worse the police agencies are
forced to take a lower quality of
applicant and everybody loses everybody
loses when that happens that's a big
problem and unfortunately we see that
what's that evil drug that kills with
one touch
fentanyl do you mean or core fentanyl
very very strong I think you mean either
one of those eric Dondero is is
promoting gab 700,000 members is nothing
Eric it's not I mean and the members on
there or not anybody look by all means
go to these independent platforms
I'm not putting gab down I think gab has
a weird user base it's not for me I've
got a verified profile there I don't use
it but 700,000 members isn't really any
reach so for those of us in media and
gab is still not anywhere near big
enough to be effective so you're here
that I've got a verified profile there I
pop over from time to time but it
doesn't have a lot of utility for me yet
you know they're at 50 million members
maybe Gail says thank you for everyone
in police firefighters veterans EMTs and
current troops and anyone else serving
America great point Gail thank you for
your service
everybody Terry Lambert says no cops
should wind up on the ground
imagine nope and I don't like this new
trend parents of cops allowing suspects
to touch them in the cops are touching
them and trying not to hurt them
somebody puts hands on you you put him
into the ground because if they get away
and God forbid they heard a child or a
woman or an elderly person that's on the
cop for not using appropriate force mmm
Inquisitor of kik says John what's up
with people in California New York
cities like that specifically being
a-holes two cops left this
the police they also don't want to
protect themselves they don't want guns
and they're the first ones to call the
police hmm there's your answer let's see
what else we got let's see a lot of
comments here
Redrum says get me a Rik Allah not gonna
work I took one just the weather here in
South Florida rain then not rain then
not rain than not it's come my allergies
going nuts
terrible terrible let's see what else
sir we got a lot more on Michelle Obama
Michelle hmm I don't know poor Michelle
stroke at a private Gmail I didn't see
that did not see that let's see let's
look at some other comments here let's
see we got I got to put mark Matt back
in timeout for continuing to make things
about the police Alastair Cook says
opiates are addictive uh yeah well it's
an epidemic
all right and John the only way we get a
replacement Facebook YouTube Twitter is
to actually go use Bill the likes of
these other platforms may not pay off
immediately but will overtime you know
what sure but I've got to disseminate
content so I can't help a fledgling
platform startup and abandon the bigger
platforms can't do that then the problem
is and here's where people are missing
the math there aren't enough
conservatives who care that will ever
build one of these other platforms to
profitability the math just doesn't work
so you got to change the existing system
out of the billions I think two billion
on Twitter
many are outside the US so they don't
care about our politics of the hundreds
of millions from the US maybe got a
hundred million eighty million from the
US many aren't political many of their
because of celebrities
which figures or you know those
sarcastic jokes or the memes that are
apolitical so of the few million that
remain and who are politically wonky who
enjoy this stuff there aren't enough to
migrate off and start a new platform and
even if every single one of them did
that new platform might only be about
one 1000 the size of Twitter at best
that's why it's very noble to say let's
all start a conservative this okay but
there aren't enough people that would be
interested in doing it compared to the
amount of money that would need to be
raised to do it
one of gabs biggest problems is it's not
user friendly because that requires tens
of millions of dollars in development
work and constant maintenance to make a
site user friendly and provide all the
bells and whistles and so we've got to
come to terms with scale with the
economy of scale and that there really
aren't enough conservative users who
would gravitate to that platform you
would want to use it use it enough to
have investors want to invest and to be
profitable and so we've got to change
the existing platforms we've got to
change minds and take them head-on
that's the problem and it's not a
put-down it's not defeatist
it's just dollars and cents a venture
capital firm isn't gonna give you a
hundred million dollars to build out
this new platform if at best you're
gonna have two to three million members
no money for them no money in it forum
your site's only worth a couple of
million bucks maybe maybe they're on the
losing end of that financial proposition
every time and that's one of the main
reasons you don't see it it's not only
ideological this is just no upside
financially to the investors none oh
well Michelle running a lot of people
are worried about Michelle running god
help us if Michelle Obama ever makes it
back in though she didn't even be able
to visit the place no
no no no no all right guys I've got
about I've got about I don't know few
minutes in me left to go through these
comments let's see
gotta you got it a lot of times we got a
band people got a bantam for just being
terrible terrible people and I went to
do it
the we deleted some of these comments
here but my producers should ban that
person they know who I'm talking about
I'm not gonna repeat what they said but
they should ban them from being able to
post here yep Wow a lot of Michelle
Obama a lot about Michelle Obama yeah
let's hope well I don't think the nation
would ever have her and she's not um
turn Occulus enjoys my streams thanks
mmm thank you very much
and by the way produce my producers
don't hide them you can actually ban and
yellow you did the hit you did the
permanent hiding perfect boom that's the
ban awesome awesome awesome awesome
Inquisitor of cake said a couple of
minutes left it's talking to me in these
Philippians tiring for you know my voice
is going I can talk to you guys all day
I love doing this I could be here for 10
hours mmm I'm just trying to push
through it I gotta go get some hot tea
and honey but uh you guys have no idea
how much I love doing this this is um
fires me up it's the greatest job in the
world
it's our four first based family high
quality our well you know here's the
thing right people are saying now
Jonathan Bryant makes a good point he
says use both YouTube and bitch show
tell audience you bitch you tell Artie
Trumbo
sure but YouTube already has take a
rebel channel right we've got close to a
million subscribers here and it's
organically
over years hard to just replicate that
elsewhere there's maybe a few percent of
that million would go to another
platform so you know do you give up your
audience out of principle I don't
believe you do I believe it's a bad
business move and I believe it does a
disservice to your audience that might
not want to migrate to a different
platform a lot of people here like our
content they're like-minded but they're
not necessarily ideologically activist
enough to migrate platforms so like I
say to be successful
you got to work in this current system
Chazz $10 donation thanks bud is unite
the right a foe movement to impugn Trump
in the base Jake Kessler a former CNN
correspondent more CNN cameras and
allegedly uh Nazis another example
Jerry Montana as a fake Trump voter plan
do what I think it is a dumb movement
it's not even a movement I hate the name
unite the right got nothing to do with
the right like thirty morons showed up I
think it's being magnified by the
mainstream media to paint everybody on
the right Trump supporters are not as
white supremacists it is a terrible
terrible idea that's gonna backfire
because groups like the proud boys go
out there and say we're not racist and
they kicked these morons out of their
rallies guys like me say it's a
discredited movement
it's got no credibility none it's not
about the right I hate unites the right
I would never unite with a bunch of
hateful racists these people are and
then they're just dumb they're moronic
so I think it is a faux movement and I
think the media is trying to use it to
discredit many of us and I for one won't
let them
Omega says no money there is not an
argument people will move over in time
it's not our works money is everything
people are moving over unless there's
user for user functionality and
marketing and bells and whistles you
can't get elsewhere and big names and to
get all those things it takes a lot of
money so to say no money
is it an argument simply incorrect cause
money to build out platforms to make
them user friendly and popular or
nobody's going alright guys I am I'm
gonna be signing off because
unfortunately we're at the end of our
hour be back with you tomorrow morning
7:30 a.m. Eastern gonna do this all
again want to see you there have a great
day
