OMG OMG get ready to lose your minds
we've been hoping praying tweeting
asking that the studio heads would
finally give us what we've always wanted
out of one of the most manly and iconic
action franchises that's right finally
the new Terminator movie will have zero
men as main characters there are fans
that wanted that right right new photo
and cast list it appears that men have
been terminated from James Cameron's
iconic action series and by iconic I
mean Terminator 1 & 2 almost all others
should be erased from history and though
Terminator 1 set the bar high apparently
terminator has lowered the bar when it
comes to women by never having strong
female characters which is why we have
to intentionally remove men from the new
movie of course you'd have to also
intentionally forget Sarah Connor in
Terminator 1 into the actual villain
from Terminator 3 the TX the entire
premise of the Sarah Connor Chronicles
where Cersei Lannister plays the lead
and Summer Glau plays the actual
Terminator and don't get me started on
Terminator Genisys where Khaleesi the
mother of dragons plays the lead so if
it's not about discriminating and
downplaying strong women in the movies
why do this why the push did the fans
want it I mean what fan didn't want to
include one of most bloody action-packed
franchises ever with Sex in the City
I mean clearly that's what every fan has
been clamoring on about you know not
getting rid of the pg-13 downplayed
storyline but rather going back to the
original t1 and t2 that's not what they
wanted right well fortunately we don't
need a time machine to go back in time
and see why these critics and Studios
are making this push because the web
address link in this original article
tells us all we need to know because it
appears this article from The Hollywood
Reporter had to change its original
title because in the web link it clearly
reads quote rejoice the Terminator image
doesn't include any men yeah it seems
like the actual motivation for doing
this is pretty clear identity politics
and third wave feminists wanted this to
happen
meaning we don't like men their
oppressors and thus we need to oppress
them out of this movie and that is why I
have a problem with them doing this with
this movie it's not to improve the story
it's not to create great new characters
and it's certainly not to be inventive
and create something new for yourself
I actually
Sira Glaus The Terminator in the Sarah
Connor Chronicles TV series and growing
up on Terminator 1 and 2 I loved Sarah
Connor there have always been and are
great characters of all stripes but now
this disease of identity politics and
oppressed versus the oppressive
narrative is being pushed this is what
we get and here's the thing if you want
to make an agenda movie great go do it
but have the stones not built on the
back of fans and the franchise they grew
up with have the courage to actually
make an original story quit trying to
erase characters and spit in the face of
fans that grew up and love the way the
original stories were told and if you're
so sure that you're right if you're so
sure that the audience wants this kind
of movie make a new female action robot
movie because if you were sure if you
knew that your story was good that
people would love it you wouldn't
cowardly wrap up and disguise your
ideology and intent with the success of
the past I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood did you enjoy that video of
course you enjoyed that video so now you
need to become a premium member to the
rebel that way you have first access to
pure Hollywood and the entire rebel
lineup
you
