Ruby Rose a lesbian actress deleted her
twitter because of trolls harassing her
over her new role as Batwoman but it's
not right-wing trolls the trolls are not
who you think you may have heard already
that the actress Ruby Rose has been cast
to play fat woman a lesbian bat woman in
a new TV production but this actually
isn't all that much of a revelation
because DC Comics made bat woman a
lesbian back in 2006 the character was
brought back as Kate Kane a wealthy
Jewish lesbian who started working in
Gotham City while Batman was away she
has been getting attacked online over
the casting of this role and the trolls
are not who you think
yes diversity in comics has been pissing
people off and there has been a backlash
but it seems that the left are never
happy and they are attacking their own
they claim that she is not lesbian
enough and they are even saying that
she's not Jewish so she shouldn't be
playing a Jewish role some of these
comments are absolutely ridiculous let's
check them out I'm so disappointed I was
hoping for a fresh face to give life to
this iconic character not only does Ruby
Rose not identify as a lesbian but she's
not Jewish either so they basically lied
about it
wanting an actor that represented the
diversity to stay true to who that woman
is and instead just picked a quote hot
white person that isn't too gay to
offend the straights the straights okay
but casting Ruby Rose as Batwoman truly
is a big fu to all the lesbian fans like
they don't care about the rep they just
wanted to cast a lesbian to have good
press so they just gave it to her
because she's well known and liked by
straight girls since there is always so
much backlash for casting non trans gay
actors for nons trans gay roles they
tried to keep the sjw's happy but it
still wasn't enough now she is not
lesbian enough and now you need to be
Jewish to play a Jewish role this is
absolutely ridiculous she has made it
clear that she's been Ella's
since she was 12 and a feminist she even
said that she can't support Kanye and be
a feminist so what are they complaining
about actors are acting they don't have
to be the role they're playing that's
what acting is when will it be enough
for the left the website one angry gamer
reported on this and they said that it
did not state explicitly why she deleted
the account but it did come after she
was heavily criticized by sjw's for
nabbing the role as a lesbian that woman
sites like Digital Spy attempted to
downplay the criticisms only stating
that there were trolls involved with
criticizing Rose despite the fact that
even some media outlets such as the Mary
Sue had joined in on the Ruby ribbing
that took place during the initial
casting announcement this is all part
and parcel for the media to downplay the
monster they created in the form of
social justice warrior activism where
online mobs screech and howl into the
digital voice at every little offense at
every little pop-culture minutiae and
that every single thing that disrupts
their perpetually anguished worldview
it's interesting to see how the SJW
menace has become uncontrollable at this
point and even those who are being
buffered as icons for the SJW movement
are being pilloried by the same people
they're supposed to represent Mary Sue
says that Ruby Rose has been cast as the
CW's bat woman and we have some thoughts
she is without a doubt someone with star
appeal but at the same time it does seem
like a relatively safe choice I do wish
they had chosen someone non-whites in
the role just because I think that added
diversity would be really great but
hopefully the show will take that into
consideration with the rest of their
casting maybe we will be able to see
Kate Cain date Renee Montoya and
everyone will win so the fact that she
is generically pretty they say is cliche
and they're criticizing her acting
they're saying she's not lesbian enough
and they think that she needs to be
Jewish to be playing a Jewish role
nothing is enough for these people they
even want her to be another race because
she's not diverse enough this is getting
ridiculous she is a lesbian and feminist
and an outright sjw but they are
attacking
and I'm sitting here defending her if
you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team like and
subscribe
you
