after Trump's Hollywood star was
destroyed not only is it back but it has
multiplied there was a crew of unknown
artists who took vinyl laminate of
Trump's Hollywood star and they placed
him on empty squares all over the place
and it is the most hilarious troll
because they did it around stars of
people that have criticized Trump
greatly the efforts come from a
conservative street artist who wishes to
remain anonymous but says he was
motivated and not only by the
destruction of the president's real star
but also a recent unanimous vote by the
West Hollywood City Council to recommend
the removal of Trump star due to
accusations he has mistreated women so
these street artists took these Trump
vinyl laminates and they placed them all
around stars of people that have
actually abused women the artisan his
cohorts who call themselves the faction
and our allies of the prolific
conservative artist Sabo spent $1,000 on
the Stars which they printed on sheets
of floor vinyl with adhesive backing and
their mission was partially financed by
a young and anonymous entrepreneur it
was quite funny this video was really
cool check it out
Kurt
he's doing just fine I'm always clean
nothing the slammer cuz we run with
Donald Trump and make it drop
you know it is it's just awfully good
that someone with the temperament of
Donald Trump is not in charge of the law
in our country because you'd be in jail
a member of the cleaning service that
deals with daily graffiti and vandalism
on the Walk of Fame said we started at
five o'clock in the morning and we found
about 50 stars a street vendor added I
was surprised it looked pretty real so
they laid down the stars first empty so
that no one really knew what they were
doing and then they revealed that they
were all Donald Trump stars and it is
amazing and this is the kind of stuff
that we on the right do it was hilarious
it's amazing it was edgy the left all
they have is destruction making lame
jokes bad comedy about abortions or
whatever and talking about how Orange
Trump is I mean none of that is really
funny but this was a really interesting
art piece because it really highlighted
that all these other stars that actually
mistreated women are just fine and
people are picking on Trump's and hey
you want to do that we'll bring up many
many more Trump stars if you want to see
more from me and the rest of the rebel
team like and subscribe
you
