radical Muslim terror a 911 connection
child abductions and potential mass
shootings ported I don't know if you've
been following this story out of New
Mexico but this is mind blowing one of
the worst I've seen a Muslim radical
connected to 9/11 a guy named Suraj
I've been wash now his father was an
unindicted co-conspirator in the 9/11
attacks was running a compound in New
Mexico he was a child abductor who
abducted many children they found 11 at
the compound and he was training these
children to be radical Muslim terrorists
mass shooters the kids were between the
ages of 1 and 15 and they were taken to
this compound by other adults for other
adults were arrested at this it was a
disgusting filthy squalid compound in
New Mexico surprisingly the Washington
Post done a good job on this story they
were brought their kids 1 to 15 to carry
out mass shootings now the others I'm
gonna read this from the Washington Post
story the others for adults each charged
with 11 counts of felony child abuse
speculation that the kids were abused
potentially sexually are all being held
without bail they are Lucas Allen Morton
40 years old he was in joint control of
the property Suraj la Hache haurache J
WA Hodge
Suraj wa ha sister Suba Hana Ava Hodge
another sister in Jenny n level now the
sisters were 37 and 35 this Jani and
level is also 35 they are three women
who were believed to be mothers of some
of these children this is a story beyond
stories this is just beyond bizarre III
I don't even know what to say to this so
a guy who lives near the compound Tyler
Anderson told The Associated Press I'll
read it to you that the group had
arrived at the end of last year he said
he had helped them install solar panels
but fell out of touch with them he said
hey we just figured they were doing what
they were doing getting a piece of land
and going off the grid people do that in
rural New Mexico this is just now this
all started because the the lead savage
radical Muslim terrorist Suraj have been
maja for was an unindicted
co-conspirator in the 9/11 attacks well
there was a report that he had abducted
his three-year-old that's how this
investigation began Amir Aditya law
enforcement officials in Taos County
said they received information about a
child who had been abducted by their
father in May and that compound in a
Malian and New Mexico had not gone
unnoticed by local law enforcement but
at the time the FBI did not feel there
was probable cause to search the
property eventually Sheriff's Office
received a credible tip from a detective
in Georgia that was believed to have
originated from someone at the compound
that said we are starving and need food
and water the sheriff's office then
began working on a search warrant they
got the warrant and a SWAT team they hit
the compound and they found eleven
children ages 1 to 15 being trained to
carry out mass shootings here in the
United States in the name of Islam this
is happening more than people realize
you know over the years oh that I've had
the rebels show here I brought you story
upon Story upon story of radicalization
in prisons of radical terror cells
operating in the United States we know
that Isis at training camps 1015 miles
13 miles I believe it was south of our
border in Mexico this is a very serious
problem people need to wake up and stop
political correctness I always tell you
stop putting political correctness
before public safety and this is also
where we need to profile and monitor it
is good policing is good intelligence
work it is not racist or xenophobic it
is not because we're gonna see more
this this story I'm gonna stay on this
story I'm gonna bring it to you as it
develops eleven children rescued they
were being trained to be radical Muslim
mass shooters not in Syria not in Iraq
not in Pakistan in New Mexico right here
in the United States I'm gonna stay on
the story be bringing you more as it
develops so keep on tutoring and every
day thanks so much for watching I'll see
you tomorrow
you
