dana loesch made a tweet the other day
about Vogue magazine and Rihanna and I
don't really care about celebrity stuff
all that much but since I talked about
arts and culture I decided I would
mention this tweet and this concept
that's going on so apparently Rihanna is
getting a bit of heat from some Spanish
women and they are saying that her
pencil thin eyebrows in her Vogue shoot
is racist this is what Marie Claire said
I'm latina and I find Rihanna's skinny
brows problematic that's right
problematic that's their favorite word
this lady claims that when she saw
Rihanna on the cover of British Vogue
this week with a set of ultra skinny
brows her immediate reaction was wait
WTF why is Rihanna wearing chola brows
now isn't calling a Spanish woman a
chola racist how come they're embracing
chola but it's actually really
derogatory I thought I'm getting really
confused about what's racist and what's
not racist her eyebrows a racist but
saying chola is not racist now the thing
about these eyebrows is it is not
exclusively Spanish okay this was
something that they did in the warring
20s the Harlem Renaissance and in the
1990s pencils and eyebrows were thing
actually remember that
so this claim is absolutely ridiculous
it's just like when they were saying
that wearing hoop earrings is only for
Spanish women and it's racist and they
don't want white women wearing hoop
earrings I mean if this is where we're
what we've come to is calling out
eyebrows and what people are wearing as
racist then we've really come a long way
as far as racism goes because I'm pretty
sure people in the past would not find
this too offensive they had to deal with
a lot worse stuff I wasn't the only
person who felt this way soon after the
photos came out Latinas
with the Latino with the X you know
gender stuff
across the internet voiced their
frustration at the double standard you
know I'd hate I hate to defend Rihanna
because screw all stuff I'm not really I
don't care too much about it but yeah
you can do things in fashion fashion is
crazy and wild Vogue magazine does
bizarre stuff and you know what it looks
beautiful on a photo and it looks
absolutely ridiculous in real life so if
you want that to be your look in real
life go for it it looks ridiculous but
the photos on the cover looks stunning
if you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team like and
subscribe
you
