a Sudanese refugee has gone to prison
for raping one girl and attempting to
rape another but the BBC missed off some
important points a predatory sex
offender from Sudan has been sentenced
to 16 years in prison for raping one
woman and attempting to rape another the
BBC reported on it but they missed out
some important points so first of all
the culprit Ishaq al-noor is in the
silence seeker he came to the UK as a
refugee three years ago from the Sudan
which leads me to wonder why are we
taking refugees from Sudan in the first
place because consider this rape has
reached quote epic proportions in South
Sudan with reported incidents of sexual
violence rape increasing by 60% between
2016 and 2017 so there's an ongoing
conflict there and they have to wonder
why the UK government if they're so
interested in helping people abroad why
aren't they doing more to save the women
who were affected this rather than the
men who are committing these crimes and
here's another thing that the BBC missed
by the way he flat-out admitted the
crimes accepting his 16-year sentence
and when accused of having raped these
women he just replied guilty yes why not
that's what he said
now another thing another thing the
rapes well they happened in a sanctuary
city that's right by the way the UK does
have sanctuary cities technically so on
24 June 2017 it was World Refugee day a
hole was declared a city of sanctuary by
a refugee in Hull Minster those are big
ceremony about this and that's what
these crimes happen they happened in
Hawley dragged one woman into a cemetery
into a graveyard to try and rape her
horrific crime but the idea that a
refugee a refugee has committed these
crimes in a city that's known to be a
sanctuary city for Refugees tells us an
awful lot now the idea of it being a
city of sanctuary is more of a gesture
than anything I can't really see any
legal reason why or how this would be
enforced
I can't find anything if you know
anything please do let me know but it
still means something because local
activists and politicians all gathered
together for this big ceremony and said
that the place should be a place of
sanctuary and it's not like our
government is gonna do anything to try
and enforce against that after much
fanfare from local politicians and
activists on World Refugee Day last year
in Hull when they declared the city a
city of sanctuary and praise the quote
positive contribution refugees have made
to the city a Sudanese refugee has been
sentenced to 16 years in prison for
raping one girl and attempting to rape
another councillor Stephen Brady the
leader of whole city council said about
refugees world refugee day and whole
refugee week are opportunities for all
communities to come together to
celebrate the city's historic cultural
diversity in contrast here's what the 17
year old victim had to say it wasn't
something I did I didn't give consent I
didn't even give him a reason I made it
very clear I didn't want intercourse I
said no through his actions he conveyed
the message my no was not important and
my body and soul were not worth the
value that every human being deserves my
body was violated and the woman he tried
to rape said I was screaming no please
stop no I thought I was going to be
stabbed he threw me to the ground and
dragged me to the cemetery he didn't say
anything in the graveyard he just forced
himself on me do our politicians have
zero shame how do they recognize an
obvious problem when they see one when
they they praise the great qualities are
bringing in huge numbers of refugees
into the country but failing to
recognize the problem of bringing people
from places that share very different
attitudes and cultures you know this is
a serious problem that it's just
constantly being ignored and meanwhile
girls are being raped not just the young
girls and the grooming gangs but there's
girls on the street as well this is a
this is chaotic this is insane it's
literally insanity and if the government
really is concerned about protecting
people abroad do more to protect the
women do more to protect our own women
first our own people first and
if out of that huge billions and
billions budget for foreign aid you
really want to help people stop focusing
on bringing people in who will commit
crimes like this and start focusing
instead on the victims of those crimes
in the UK and abroad if you want to see
more from me and the rest of the rebel
team remember to Like and subscribe
you
