sometimes he's very perceptive sometimes
he's hyperbole engages in logical leaps
I think he does it on purpose to show
where we could be headed on some transit
slippery slope ease of dissonance that's
what dissidents do they descent they
warn they raise the alarm
they're not always right they can't
always be right but I think we need
people like them on the right and on the
left I think but only dissidents on the
right are ever banned a left-wing
counterpart to Infowars called The Young
Turks is full of conspiracy theory
touting Kooks on the left full of
profanity and obscenity great no problem
the more debate the merrier don't like
it don't watch it but they're not
deleted by all the tech companies all on
the same day
imagine that Apple Google YouTube
Facebook Pinterest even all of them
banned Alex Jones within 12 hours you'd
call that a conspiracy theory if someone
said it would happen Alex Jones said it
would happen and it did happen so it's
not a conspiracy theory is it it's a
conspiracy fact what's worse is that
this ban was egged on by the media party
by the establishment media who want to
silence him I don't know for business
competitive reasons for sure but also
for ideological conformity reasons as in
the hate that someone else is breaking
their business cartel their grip on
viewers but they also hate that someone
is breaking their ideas cartel someone
is talking about things that they don't
want talked about look at this tweet
from a CNN reporter just a few weeks ago
this is CNN's Oliver Darcy Facebook
invited me to an event today where the
company aimed to tout its commitment to
fighting fake news and misinformation I
asked them why Infowars is still allowed
on the platform I didn't get a good
answer that's one of dozens of tweets
that he did demanding that his
conservative rivals be censored and
Facebook did they listen to him CNN
whines about Donald Trump being really
mean to the media but Donald Trump is
not called for CNN to be banned or shut
down he mocks them that's his free
speech CNN calls for Infowars to be shut
down
and it happened and they're gleeful and
here's the New York Times today they're
aiming for the one last social media
company that at least at the minute I
record this video has not yet banned him
yet
and that's Twitter here's the New York
Times on that Facebook YouTube Pinterest
and Apple have removed Alex Jones and
Infowars from their platforms
shirred Twitter Follow soothes all the
liberal media smell blood they're a mob
they're literally calling up anyone who
does business with Alex Jones and
pressuring them bullying them
embarrassing them threatening them maybe
I don't know I must say bad him too
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the Ezra Levant show normally it's
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews today and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
