more hypocrisy against conservatives
from Twitter so yesterday over the last
couple of days we've seen more
conservatives being purged being banned
but one of the most lost by Penn one of
the most egregious incidents was you saw
this whole thing with this new member of
the New York Times editorial board Sarah
giong putting out all these horrible
tweets about white people well Candace
Owens decided you know Candace young
black girl conservative activist really
sharp really witty he took Sarah Jung's
words literally word for word and all
Candice did was change white to black
man to woman and Twitter banned Kansas
and his for 12 hours suspended her
account for 12 hours for using the words
of an Asian racist who was age who was
racist against white people but Candace
a young black woman was suspended for 12
hours now conservatives predictably went
nuts on twitter twitter backed off they
reinstated Kansas who keep coloring
kansas hens they reinstated Candace
after about six to seven hours a little
bit earlier than her suspension was
supposed to run but it underscores a
bigger problem now the comedian Terrence
Williams black guy he's been out there
on YouTube he's pretty hilarious he does
those funny narratives he watches a
video of a liberal and he gives his
opinion on it and he's a witty guy and
he's really funny
I've gotten to know Terrence we chat
offline really nice guy so he went on
Fox News and he made fun of Sarah giong
and he make a point he made an Asian
joke he said that there's something in
her fortune cookies you're seeding that
makes her a little kooky the left
brutally attacked him brutally attacked
him but there are jion's racist tweets
against white people are still up
despite complaint after complaint after
complaint who Twitter now there are
John's excuse in the New York Times
excuse was well she was simply being
sarcastic to prove a point about people
being racist against her what you dug
into her background that was
the case because she hated police
officer and conservatives and anybody
that wasn't some kind of protected class
according the left is Sarah John and she
was really vile calling for violence and
death and pain and injury a terrible
terrible person but she's on the New
York Times editorial board and the New
York Times will cry when they're called
fake news and they won't understand why
Americans don't listen to a word they
say what Americans wouldn't listen to or
where they say if they're gonna hire
people like Sarah G on a vile racist
while Candace Owens get suspended the
New York Times editorial board never
came out in defense of Kansas Owens the
same way Hollywood when it came out in
defense of James Gunn and his pedophile
tweets never came to the defense of
Roseanne Barr there is a double standard
Twitter Facebook YouTube Google they're
showing us daily
they hate conservatives they hate you
they hate me they want a silenced love
bringing this to you every day help me
do it
subscribe to our premium service the
rebel dot media forward slash shows and
he my live rebels show every day on the
rebels youtube channel declassified live
7:30 a.m. Monday through Friday thanks
for watching I'll see you tomorrow
you
