five members of West Hollywood City
Council have passed a unanimous
resolution calling for the removal of
Donald Trump star from the Walk of Fame
they blame the costs of repeated
vandalism it was last sledge-hammered by
some saddo still sleeping in his mum
spare room on July 25th this year the
mayor of Hollywood John Durham tweeted
in support of the removal blaming
Trump's on American values I thought you
said it was about the cost of vandalism
mate but the final decision still has to
be made the mayor of Los Angeles and the
Hollywood Chamber of Commerce have the
final say here's a handy reminder for
their CEO Lee Ron Gubler you said Lee
Ron once a star is added to the walk it
is considered part of the historical
fabric of the Walk of Fame because of
this we have never removed a star from
the Walk Lee Ron you went on to say a
celebrity's politics philosophy
irrational behavior or outrageous
remarks have never been a cause to
remove a walk of fame star remember that
all clear as celebrities politics are
not a cause to remove a star the other
decision-maker mayor of Na Eric Garcetti
has a campaign slogan stop Donald Trump
so something tells me he's going to back
of the City Council and want that star
removed but big questions remain will
the Chamber of Commerce Road back on
their clear position that stars are part
of the historical fabric of the walk no
matter what it's why Bill Cosby star is
still standing and if they do remove
Trump's star what's the message they are
sending to young people if you vandalize
something often enough it might be
removed if you don't agree with
something then break it is that really
it
good message for a city council to send
if you don't like the LAPD and take a
sledgehammer to their station or one of
their cars maybe they'll remove that too
or according to the mayor of Hollywood
calling Trump an American if you only
get a star if your politics are my
politics in future will it be a
Democrats Walk of Fame
best dig up Ronald Reagan quick than you
utter walnuts here's the big news for
these bottom feeders you can top all
competitor it statues rename towns dig
up stars rescind honors all you want it
doesn't actually change the truth of our
past all the trajectory of our future
Trump will still be President
and thanks to you decision making
doughnuts like you he will be reelected
in 2020 LA politicians will still be
talking about Trump
even as the bubonic plague breaks out in
the festering slums of Skid Row they
ignore and they'll need to refund the
45th President of the United States the
$30,000 he was obliged to pay you to put
the star there in the first place the
homeless mission downtown could sure use
that cash removing Trump's star is like
closing your eyes to pretend the Sun
isn't shining and from where I'm
standing Hollywood you appear to be
making decisions with Uranus to see more
of my journalism and the truths not
being told please visit Hopkins WorldCom
you
