Americans are up in arms to ensure that
there is no foreign influence in our
elections well one way to ensure that
only Americans vote in our elections is
to have voter ID laws well two Democrats
and my congresswoman mad Maxine Waters
that would be discriminatory and racist
you know to ensure that a person is who
they say they are
and that they're an American citizen
seems like foreign influence is
perfectly fine as long as that influence
votes Democrat I'm Ben Davies this is
pure Hollywood we're contrary to what
your liberal friends and most Democratic
candidates tell you there are many
states that require zero forms of
identification for you to contribute to
one of the pillars of our republic
voting now this may sound insane because
it is and the reasoning behind not
requiring IDs for something you can only
do legally when you're 18 any citizen is
equally insane what it is to be expected
when it's almost exclusively Democrats
that fight tooth and nail to ensure
there is no laws on the books and their
argument is simple it's racist and
discriminatory well take my
congresswoman mad Maxine Waters who
spoke out against North Carolina's new
laws she said quote North Carolina has
gone crazy unquote
sure Maxine I guess our elections are
less important than your town hall
meetings where you require IDs that
seems discriminatory to me you can have
us under prepare these laws in the civil
rights movement where she says quote
many of the same issues we faced in the
50s and 60s remain with us today
unquote really so it's racist cuz to me
I think any minority person is perfectly
capable of applying and receiving the
most basic form of identification to do
anything in the US you know even a
fourteen-year-old in some states can get
a permit in the United States and you're
telling me it's too much to expect when
everyone has a smartphone everyone has
access to a public library that no one
can figure out how to apply for it I D
you know the same ID you need to show to
buy beer tobacco get insurance or buy
fireworks and spray paint in certain
states are you joking me that sounds
like the bigotry of low expectations she
goes on to say quote now we have the
right wing Republicans that are pushing
restrictive voter ID legislation in
states around the country that'll make
it more difficult for us to make our
voices heard unquote
our voice well which voice
are being silenced this is basically the
easiest thing to do if you're an
American citizen so who could she
possibly possibly be talking about
maybe it's the millions of undocumented
voters in the United States and the
lowest estimate of illegal immigration
the United States to be 11.5 million the
high in over 30
maybe it's the 6.2 percent of the total
population of California oh now it makes
sense and which states have the highest
number of illegal immigrants well that
would be number one California number
three New York and number five Illinois
you know the democratic states that have
zero laws but you'll hear people say but
then there are some democratic states
that request some form of identification
you let's just apply that line of
reasoning to another situation sir do
you know why I pulled you over excuse me
it's pronounced sir oh god I miss Reagan
license and registration please I don't
have one but trust me I do have
insurance I have a perfect driving
record I've never had a DUI I'm from the
state this is my car and by the way I
don't legally have to show you so you
got to take my word for it okay have a
nice day
Thanks Democrats I mean really how
insane is that maybe it's just a
coincidence that only Democrats caught
tooth and nail to make sure that there's
no voter ID laws and maybe it's a
coincidence that only 4% of illegal
immigrants claim to be Republican and
maybe it's just a coincidence that the
states in the 2016 election that went
for Hillary all of them had zero
restrictions on voter ID or requested
some form the only state that has any
law on the books that when Democrat was
Virginia won one state I think it's
pretty clear who Democrats and my
congresswoman Maxine Waters are looking
out for they're looking out for their
voters their voting bloc because if they
truly cared about foreign influence or
not discriminating against people you
know forcing people to show IDs then
maybe they wouldn't require you to show
ID to buy a beer or to attend one of
their town hall meetings I'm Ben Davies
this is pure Hollywood and another
fantastic news you can now download the
rebel up and take me with you wherever
you go to get exclusive content in the
entire rebel lineup
you
