aside from us here at the rebel just
about the only other media outlet asking
the really tough questions about the
mass shooting on Toronto's Danforth
Avenue last month is the Toronto Sun
specifically Joe Warmington Anthony fury
Candice Malcolm and Sue Ann levy that
being the case why in the world would
the Sun recently run a guest column
entitled the extremist group that cried
wolf written by someone who is part of
something called the Muslim writers of
Canada someone who completely rejects
that the gunman Faisal Hussain had any
links to terrorism why indeed so writer
Jerry could rot recently had a column
published in the Toronto Sun that echoed
what well everybody else in the
mainstream media was saying namely it's
folly to think there could be any Isis
involvement regarding the most recent
Toronto mass shooting apparently we can
say that Hussein did a terrible thing
but we cannot alas call it an act of
terror here's how the column begins
quote we all know the story the shepherd
boy watching over village sheep who'd
cry wolf wolf wolf and caused panic in
the village yet when the villagers would
arrive there would be no wolf we're
seeing the exact same phenomena by
extremist groups today but with a
totally different agenda
end quote hood rat then goes on to note
quote that one pivotal component of the
ISIS recruitment strategy is
proliferation of misinformation and
constant claims of attacks they have
nothing to do with this allows them to
do two things first it creates division
and disorder among citizens increasing
hatred toward Muslims which then leads
to backlash and further propels hate
second it keeps Isis relevant and top of
mind for distressed mentally disturbed
and disenfranchised youth making it
easier to influence them and get in
contact as part of the
groups recruitment strategy end quote
he then goes on to applaud the
mainstream media who par for the course
quickly dismissed the ISIS claim of
responsibility for this attack but the
question arises does anyone truly know
for certain whether or not Isis had any
involvement I would suggest that the
jury is still out on this one as well
why is it that mental illness and
terrorism must be mutually exclusive can
it not be that the gunman was both
mentally ill and was attracted to
Islamic terrorism organizations perhaps
even because of his mental illness I'm
not stating this as a tried-and-true
fact here folks rather I'm just raising
this as a possibility yet it would seem
that even making this possibility part
of the discussion is oh I don't know
culturally insensitive could rad also
notes how he personally visited the
makeshift memorial on Danforth Avenue
brandishing a love for Hall hate for
none sign in that according to his math
99 percent of people quietly thanked him
for his contribution in terms of keeping
Toronto's whiz-bang multicultural mosaic
vibe going he does know there was quote
one individual creating a scene causing
ruckus and spurring Islamophobia
he was later escorted out by police he
thought it was an Islamic attack in that
Hussain was inspired by Islamic
ideologies end quote so let me get this
straight merely by speculating that a
Muslim gunman might have had links to
Islamic terror organizations make
somebody in the public square guilty of
Islamophobia and that person must be
removed by the local constabulary for
committing the heinous crime known as
insensitivity yet this seems to be the
narrative one must embrace today
regardless of the sheer volume of
terrorism that continues to be committed
in the name of Allah the world over
indeed I think back to our men on the
street interview that we did on the damn
fourth the same day CBS was reporting
that Hussein
allegedly visited Isis websites and had
declared his allegiance to the Islamic
state we asked people what they thought
about this breaking news and most people
weren't buying the official explanation
that Hussein's murderous mayhem had
absolutely nothing to do with terrorism
and then this person who incredibly
happens to be a high school teacher
decided to inject herself into the
conversation check out her pithy prose
can you please not descend into racist
things right now please I'm sorry what
did I say that was racist
don't come here the rebel really you
don't need to be here right now this is
our community shooter had visited Isis
websites that is not I said CBS in the
US okay I said CBS in the US is
reporting that hey the rebel is not okay
that is does not represent Canadian
values why are you so mad ma'am it this
is this is a news report that broke
today can I call you back this is not
war about I'm sorry this is not what
Canada's about Canada is not about
racism yeah right off the bat this left
this caricature employs tactic number
one of the progressives the racism card
but how is a gunman having links to Isis
racist Isis is not a race Islam is not a
race in fact as long as you're willing
to scrap on a suicide bomb and carry out
some carnage Isis will gladly
accommodate any recruit gotta say this
about Isis they don't discriminate when
it comes to the terrorism business in
the final analysis going back to could
rat referencing the boy who cried wolf
as a means of dismissing the connection
between Muslims murdering people and
links to any terror organizations even
could rat should know full well that the
little shepherd boy in that fable was
indeed right on the money on at least
one occasion for the rebel media I'm
David the men's ID Menzies hey folks the
Breville has a new app please download
that app and take the rebel with you
wherever you go
you
