vienen Jim Acosta continues meltdown
well if you didn't see it
yesterday's White House press conference
was pretty interesting started off in an
interesting way they had the heads of
all the agencies asked what cyber secure
and I say the Director of National
Intelligence was there yeah I was there
Department Homeland Security and
Ambassador John Bolton talking about
waves are gonna secure our cyber
infrastructure and all critical in turn
it was definitely worth to listen but it
was what happened after that
when White House press secretary Sarah
Huckabee Sanders we look the podium that
has everybody talking he was well I
don't want to say ask the question he
was gracious enough to call on CNN's Jim
Acosta
that's n't whiney cry-baby and instead
of asking there are Sanders a question
Jim Acosta from CNN began to demand that
Sarah Sanders stay what he wanted her to
say he was demanding wasn't asking any
questions he was demanding that she held
the press corps that that the media's
not the enemy of the people and then
nobody really thinks the media is the
enemy of the people everyone understands
that when President Trump says the fake
news media is the enemy of the people
he's talking about he's talking about
CNN and the New York Times and The
Washington Post and MSNBC and these
outlets that don't give us fair and
accurate information these outlets that
bury stories about Democrats
well disingenuously contorting stories
about Republicans for example
yesterday's press conference the
President of the United States brought
out the agency heads tasked with
securing our cyber infrastructure who
all to a person acknowledged Russia
meddled in the election mainstream media
says Trump has press conference talking
about Russian election meddling but
couldn't in use with Russia hoax
comments well because his Russia hoax
comment or about his campaign colluding
with Russia the mainstream media knows
that they're not stupid they know that
they're lying they know they're
conflating two unrelated things and
giving you fake news but they don't
haier they double down so it was no
surprise that Acosta who threw a tantrum
and demanded the White House press
secretary say something that she didn't
say she refused to say for him then took
to Twitter to complain some more how he
wasn't having it and he stormed out of
the press briefing because he needed her
to say that the White House the press
wasn't the enemy of the people or the
White House well he then went on other
CNN chose Brooke Baldwin show a bunch of
him complaining and crying and whining
look Jim Acosta is free to say whatever
you want hey but Jim Acosta should do it
I and others immediate did admit what he
is a left-wing
I'm right-wing opinion commentator not
an objective journalist and if he did
that he'd have cover he'd have ethical
cover professional cover but he doesn't
he continues to lie about being a down
the middle objective journalist when the
entire world can see his bias well
yesterday media industry really wasn't
having even people from MSNBC were
saying all right Jim enough it's not
your job I'm paraphrasing it's not your
job to throw tantrums and storm out of
the White House pressroom if you don't
like what's said it's your job to
objectively report my prediction is
Acosta is trying to set himself up for a
commentary or a prime-time show a lot
more money in it than when he does his
White House correspondent or he's trying
to move to another network and be paid
the big bucks to be a hat trump hater
bash on Republicans that's really the
only explanation because there is no
professional or ethical explanation does
but one thing is sure Jim Acosta is
doing is counterproductive to both him
and CNN people were chanting CNN sucks
the Trump rally in Tampa earlier this
Jim Acosta is serving one purpose he's
further proving to the American people
that means true media is bias and that
the term fake news is accurate law
bringing these segments every day I'm
gonna be going much deeper into this
today on my live show he classified live
on the rebels YouTube channel 7:30 a.m.
every morning tune in well you're gonna
be going deep into a lot of topics next
week as well as always thank you so much
for watching you have a great weekend
you
