Corbin's in trouble again
this time he praised the release of
Hamas terrorists
amidst rising pressures of anti-semitism
claims in the Labour Party Corbin's now
been exposed as having praised the
release of her mass terrorists on
Iranian TV how did anyone miss this so
after the Times reported on Corbin
hosting a Holocaust Memorial Day event
in 2010 in which speakers and organizers
likened Israel's government to the Nazis
it was exposed that Corbin had once
praised Hamas terrorists so it was on a
TV show named remember Palestine way
back in 2012 only six years ago it
wasn't like the internet wasn't around
back then and people didn't have
smartphones or couldn't watch Iranian TV
how was this never seen Corbin discussed
the release of 1000 convicted terrorists
that were released by the Israeli
government as part of a prison swap
prisoner swap and he called them
brothers he just flat-out referred to
these 1000 convicted terrorists as
brothers live on television and
questioned whether there was a serious
case against them as well so the Express
reported that Corbin said on this video
well you have to ask the question why
they're in prison in the first place and
since the releases that took place after
the hunger strike I met many of the
brothers including the brother who had
been speaking here when they came out of
prison when I was in Doha earlier this
year and she just realized that this
mass imprisonment of Palestinians is
actually part of a much bigger political
game well I'm glad that those that were
released were released and I hope
they're now in safe places so to korban
locking up terrorists people that kill
people is part of a political game that
really tells you a lot doesn't it but
who exactly was he talking about well
one of the men was Abdul Aziz Omar this
was a man that was given seven life
prison sentences after assisting in the
preparation of a suicide vest attack in
Jerusalem in 2003 that killed seven
people this is a guy who well calling to
Jeremy Corbyn is a brother and he have
to question why he's in prison in the
first place well somehow somehow the
Labour Party just keeps bouncing back
after this right they haven't been
massively hurt in the polls either the
stuff up there with the Tories no matter
how much of this crap seems to come out
no matter what seems to come out of
Corbin's mouth people just seem to be
distracted and forgetting
about it I wonder if maybe they're
distracted by Bragg's it and just see
the other side as the least worst
alternative half of the country we know
half of the country who vote labor
they're not anti-semitic they don't hate
Jews so is there something deeper going
on here the fact that people are still
supporting labor despite the stuff
that's coming out of this man's mouth
well do people expect maybe maybe they
just expect so little of the politicians
that they'll just vote for the other big
party when the one that's in power
messes up that's that that's the dynamic
now that's what we're facing and
thankfully though so in the Labor Party
are challenging Corbin John Ryan MP
who's the chair of Labor's Friends of
Israel is naturally not happy about this
she called for an investigation into
Corbin's comments calling them abhorrent
and Margaret Hodge a woman who I do not
have any time for I hate that woman
she had a massive go at him in
Parliament swearing and now she's under
some disciplinary procedure which is
quite funny so how deep does this
anti-semitism thing run in the Labor
Party I find myself asking that a lot
lately but how's me how long is a piece
of string at this point you know who you
never know who it is every day we seem
to see a new person in the Labor Party
coming out with mental conspiracy
theorists there's so many anti-zionists
activists in there that you wouldn't
believe it
this isn't the Labour Party your dad
voted for this is a new Labour Party
this is the new nasty party every few
days these stories are coming out and
surely surely they can't get away with
this for much longer I mean our
Conservative Party is so weak that they
barely even bat an eyelid actually if
you notice the Tories never seem to talk
about this wouldn't you think that the
Conservative Party in government facing
a threat of Jeremy Corbyn in that
whenever the next general election is
we'll be hammering him on this but
instead Tereza mates flying over to
France to beg and plead with Emmanuel
macron in hope that he might change his
position on some issues regarding brags
it hoping that maybe he can go back to
Michelle Barney a and negotiate some
kind of better deal the government is
weak they're appeasing on Islam they're
appeasing on immigration
another appeasing on anti-semitism but
one has to wonder who they're appeasing
here because I know there's a large
for voters in the UK that would be very
happy to see a political party at
piecing anti-semites if you want to see
more from me and the rest of the rebel
team remember to like and subscribe
you
