today is the second installment of our
investigation into Justin Trudeau's
policy of turning Canadian hotels into
makeshift migrant camps today I'm going
to tell you how the refugees abused the
hotel workers especially the female
housekeeping staff yesterday we showed
you the hotel emails and internal
government documents that detailed the
destruction the refugees were causing in
the hotels that contracted with the
federal government to house them in
their first days after they came to
Canada now you can check out that report
at refugee investigation calm now today
I'm going to show you how the Syrians
were treating the hotel staff we're just
doing their best to welcome the refugees
to Canada and provide them with the same
level of service as the rest of their
guests the hotels and the staff were
going out of their way to accommodate
the Syrians unique demands I mean needs
again I have access to information
documents full of emails and internal
federal government memos that show us it
was absolutely no picnic for hotel staff
who had to be at the smiling beck and
call of these refugees in this email
that I touched on briefly yesterday a
hotel manager is complaining to their
contact at the federal government about
the behavior of the refugees in his
hotel the manager here is complaining
that the refugees have been taking naps
in his lobby the manager also says that
the hotel is a non-smoking hotel as most
are and when the refugees are asked to
stop smoking they respond by blowing
smoke directly at the employees in
disrespect the manager explains that the
men in particular do not like being
asked by the staff to stop and they get
very upset now in this heavily redacted
email another hotel manager is
explaining to his government contact
that they have tried giving invoices to
refugees who have busted a laundry water
pipe causing a flood broke in a window
screen and who have also broken it
toilet but the refugees tell him is that
someone else will pay for it now that
someone else portion is redacted I'm
assuming it says the government there
and when the manager says he told the
refugees no that they would have to pay
for the damages they began to yell at
him
so the refugees they're yelling at the
managers who are just trying to stop
them from destroying the hotels that
have taken them in this here is another
internal government memo meant for
on-site government monitors who are
supposed to make sure that none of these
behaviors are being committed or
perpetrated by the refugees on the
hotels this memo says that clients have
been washing their feet on the floor in
the bathroom instead of using the tub
and the clients are not using shower
curtains at all but that's not where the
disrespect for these beleaguered
housekeepers ended the same memo says
that there was an incident with a
housekeeper feeling intimidated by a
male client she was washing the bathroom
on her hands and knees and he was
standing over her staring at her the
next day thankfully the hotel sent a
male housekeeper in to clean that room
but the male housekeeper was denied
entry because the refugees wife was in
the room you see for the refugees it's
okay to leer at and intimidate Canadian
women but the refugees wives well they
couldn't even be in the same room with a
innocent Canadian man this is another
checklist meant for those on-site
government monitors who are supposed to
be at the hotels to deal with the
refugees so that the poor hotel staff
don't have to at the bottom under notes
the memo reads there is a need for
specific sessions for men and cultural
and gender sensitivity to address
reoccurring issues between female hotel
staff and some of the men and boys these
reoccurring issues have caused the hotel
to change their own internal protocols
what we can see here is that
these hotels were quickly becoming an
unsafe environment for the primarily
female housekeeping staff to work in and
the male maintenance staff well they
were constantly dealing with disrespect
and damage from the refugees let's not
lose sight of the fact that many of
these people working in the hotels are
minimum wage earners trying to work
their way up in the world and many of
them are new Canadians themselves people
who waited in line to get to Canada who
did all the right things and who are now
working hard to contribute to our
country their new country and they never
ever should have been subjected to this
ongoing abuse unleashed on them by a
spoiled detached man Justin Trudeau and
his hasty virtue signalling for herself
avowed feminist Justin Trudeau imported
a lot of misogyny that poor
underprivileged women are now forced to
deal with tomorrow I'll share with you
some of the things the Syrians let their
children get away with and how children
were left alone an unmonitored in
dangerous situations by their parents in
these hotels and to see my whole series
of reports and to help pay for our
access to these damning documents and
others go to refugee investigation calm
for the rebel media I'm Shiela gunwoo to
see my entire series of reports into the
behavior of Justin Trudeau's Syrian
refugees at Canadian hotels and to help
pay for our access to information
documents used in this investigation go
to refugee investigation calm
