it's day two of marijuana legalization
here in Canada now reefer madness hasn't
quite taken us over yet but pathetic
fiscal ineptitude from the government
certainly has Canada just legalized
marijuana and for some reason the rest
of the world seems really really excited
about it now I'm going to disclose my
personal bias here the way I do with
other topics and the way you will never
see the mainstream media do for example
when I talk about issues regarding
government oppression and censorship of
Christians I think it's only fair that
you know that I'm a practicing Catholic
or when I talk about government unfairly
scapegoating legal Canadian gun owners I
think it's important that you realize
that yeah I'm a gun owner too it's
transparent
but when I talk about these issues
although they are personal to me I
always try to speak about them from a
perspective of conservative values and
rights and not my own personal
experiences and my opinions on those
subjects I would like to think wouldn't
change even if my personal circumstances
do and I'm going to try to do the same
thing here with marijuana
I don't smoke marijuana full disclosure
I've never smoked marijuana that's just
a personal decision that I made a long
long time ago and honestly I can't see
it changing in the foreseeable future I
don't judge people who do there are so
many other things to judge people for I
just don't think marijuana is a net
societal good and today I'm not going to
argue the pros and cons of marijuana to
society and I'm certainly not going to
argue whether or not marijuana should
have been legalized in the first place
because you know what that ship has
sailed navigated straight into the
Bermuda Triangle by our idiotic prime
minister with his questionably good
looks fought fish hair and ridiculous
socks today I'm going to talk about how
the government screwed up marijuana
legalization the way they literally
screw up everything they touch and now
it's costing us a pile of money and
making government even bigger let's
start this wild ride close to home
yesterday all across my province and
other provinces across our beautiful
kind
three people were lined up for hours
outside the highly regulated legal weed
stores as though they were lining up for
I don't know like Steve Miller concert
tickets or something they were just
standing there on the sidewalk on a
frosty Canadian morning for hours for a
chance to buy overpriced overtax
marijuana on bankers hours
it's almost as though they suddenly
forgot that their regular marijuana
dealer works 24 hours a day often
delivers and doesn't tax their weed debt
I don't know somewhere over end around
20% I'm not even remotely exaggerating
about that tax rate by the way there is
a nearly 17% excise tax placed on
wholesale cannabis products in Alberta
and then there's GST and that's over and
above the general retail markup a
consumer has to pay to get this stuff
from a bricks and mortar store as
opposed to some dial a dealer whose only
overhead is his car and look I'm not
advocating that somebody breaks the law
and calls a dealer here I'm just you
know laying out the financial facts but
leave it to Alberta's perpetually inept
Finance Minister Joe Sisi to somehow
lose money selling drugs this is from
the Edmonton Journal the Alberta Gaming
liquor and cannabis agency now that's
the agency formerly known as the Alberta
Gaming & Liquor Commission is in charge
of online cannabis sales and
distributing legal marijuana to
retailers in this province it is
estimated it will lose around ninety
million dollars over the next two years
in the cannabis market only the
government could find a way to lose
money selling overpriced overtaxed
drugs to people who will literally line
up for hours in the cold to get them and
at a 90 million dollar shortfall from
the government to inflate the
bureaucracy surrounding the Alberta
gaming liquor and cannabis agency for
the next two years I don't even do drugs
and now the drugs are starting to cost
me money but that is absolutely not
where the legal pot money pit ends
there's another layer of wink wink big
government cronyism here that's about to
cost you a whack of money what about
those people you
know who maybe just maybe want to try
marijuana but they don't want to be
associated with the perceived stigma of
waiting in line for hours at the dope
store like some sort of Canadian Tundra
cannabis zombie
well don't worry my curious friends
mother government has your back
they've got you covered with even more
bloated bureaucracy and big government
Canada Post are fattened sow of a crown
corporation Postal Service and their
subsidiary Purolator has struck an
exclusive deal with many provinces to be
the exclusive shipper of recreational
marijuana in Ontario British Columbia
Alberta Yukon Nova Scotia and Quebec
Canadians can get marijuana delivered
right to their doors without ever having
to darken the doorway of a dispensary
it's convenient for sure but Canada Post
has just given notice that they're going
to go on strike October 22nd UPS and
FedEx both have no plans to pick up the
slack to deliver recreational marijuana
to Iger Canadians do you think that
strike notice was conveniently timed to
coincide with a sudden influx of online
marijuana orders that people are going
to be patiently waiting for by their
doors my devil's lettuce smoking friends
who don't live anywhere near one of the
government approved pot stores are going
to be hostage to that big government
postal union and Prime Minister Justin
Trudeau who basically campaigned on
wanting to be the perceived savior of
pot smokers across the country is going
to have to pay that ransom to free the
weed I can almost guarantee yet and then
Trudeau will try to take credit for
solving a problem with your tax dollars
neat little trick they pulled here hey
everybody gets exactly what they want
the union's get their money and Justin
Trudeau gets to be the hero to weed
smokers all across the country so for
you albertans keeping track at home
cannabis legalization on the low end is
costing us ninety million dollars over
the next two years plus whatever Canada
post is going to extort from the federal
government it is enough to make you want
to take a quick hit from the bong to
take the edge off for the rebel dot
media i'm sheila gunnery did you know
that we have our own rebel media mobile
app it's available on the Google Play
Store or the Apple App Store you can get
all of our videos and all of our shows
download it give it a try and take the
other side of the story with you
wherever you go
you
