Trump wraps up his attacks on Robert
Koller well Donald Trump went to Twitter
this week and he's been critical of
Muller in the past Robert modin special
counsel but never never as strong as
he's been over the last few days he
called Muller's probe illegal he said
the mole around outside conflicts of
interest and in a his latest rant he's
calling on Attorney General Jeff
Sessions to shut the probe down calling
on him to shut the probe down calling it
a rigged witch hunt Trump tweeted quote
this is a terrible situation and
Attorney General Jeff session should
stop this rigged witch hunt right now
before it continues to stain our country
any further Bob Muller is totally
conflicted and his seventeen angry
Democrats that are doing his dirty work
or a disgrace to the USA he's right he's
absolutely right
now we've been over this ad nauseam
we've been over Jeff Sessions and why he
recused so I'm not gonna go there but
I'm gonna speculate that Trump knows
something Trump knows that Muller has
nothing it is the only reason now last
week we had news that Muller was
investigating Trump's tweets as possible
obstruction of justice so unless Trump
definitively knows cuz no matter what
you believe about him tweeting and going
off the cuff of his tweets and that sort
of thing he doesn't everything Donald
Trump does has done for a reason he's a
very calculated guy there is a reason
he's being this combative this open this
defiant toward Robert Muller in those
tweets and I believe it's because Donald
Trump knows
Robert Muller has nothing or he has very
damning information on Donald Trump Rudy
Giuliani's been out there as well
Giuliani is saying hey look this is
about impeachment Donald Trump broke no
laws Donald Trump's only crime was being
Donald Trump and beating Hillary Clinton
well first beating the 17 establishment
picks in the Republican primary for
president and then beating Hillary
Clinton that was what Donald Trump did
wrong so Giuliani
quote I say this not in my role as a
lawyer but as a concerned citizen and
Republican this election is going to be
about impeachment or no impeachment
meaning the midterm because the
Democrats take the house Trump could I
always say see he could save a baby in
the middle of Times Square they would
try to impeach him for blocking traffic
all right that's what this is about this
is not about this is not about Muller's
investigations not about crimes are no
crimes not afford is on trial for things
that have nothing to do with Russia
collusion quite frankly Muller shouldn't
even be prosecuting manna for it manna
forts facing 25 counts Paul manna for it
the guy who was Trump campaign chair for
like four months is facing 25 counts in
two different federal districts DC and
Virginia on financial crimes that began
10 years before he was ever with Trump
campaign Muller should have handed that
to the Department of Justice he didn't
which says to me it says to me that
Muller wants to just taint the President
of the United States Rudy Giuliani went
on to say quoted Democrats get control
of the house do you think they're going
to treat president Trump fairly a crowd
shouted no Julianna was speaking at it
he was endorsing a guy named Eddie
Edwards in who's running for a
congressional seat in New Hampshire
Giuliani said I don't think they will
either that's the problem
Rudy's right this is all about
impeaching the president Trump calling
out Attorney General Jeff Sessions well
that's just that's just long overdue
Jeff Sessions has dropped the ball like
no one else ever has he has dropped the
ball like no one else ever has it is
disgraceful what Jeff Sessions has done
and it is long past time for the
president I would say to fire him he
it's it's just beyond bad that we have
an attorney general and I'm poking
around because news is breaking on this
every two seconds it's beyond bad that
the president United States has to call
out the Attorney General like this Jeff
Sessions looks like a man completely
lost and terrified and I was telling you
don't believe those moronic conspiracy
theories that sessions is working behind
the scenes he's not John Huber the guy
he appointed was all a dog and pony show
Muller and Rosen Steiner running the
Department of Justice they have
goal to take out this president and it's
long past time for Donald Trump to fire
them all and to put his own people in
these roles people that will get to the
bottom of who really committed crimes
I'm gonna bring you these stories every
day this story's going to be unfolding
between Trump and sessions and
Rosenstein so stick with me every day
also go to my new live shows 7:30 a.m.
every weekday morning on the rebel
YouTube channel declassified live you're
gonna love it we cover all these topics
end I interact with you thanks so much
for watching I'll see you tomorrow
you
