so tell me Christine is this City Hall
slimmed down good governance on the
behalf of the Ford pcs or is this an
attack on democracy as 30 million is
probably even more than that because if
you don't have if you have 22 fewer City
Council members 22 fewer pet projects
for them to spend money on the other is
this is gonna be good for the governance
of the City of Toronto right now their
council meetings are completely bananas
last week they had a council meeting
that went on for five days the meetings
go late into the night counselors
counselors vote on things at 11:00 p.m.
sometimes worth millions of dollars as
much time debating something like a
traffic light as they will a
multi-million dollar contract so having
fewer city councilors your voices
wanting to be heard with their own
special interest this is going to
streamline democracy is actually good
for democracy because the current plan
to move 247 words creates a big
disparity between the wards you'll have
some words that are really small and
some that are quite large like more than
double the size of the smallest board so
it gives bigger voice which is people on
a smaller voice to others with 25 words
they're all closer in population and
giving better voter Perry which is a
good thing for tomorrow that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levant show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including
always two interviews today and I read
my hate mail just click on this screen
and become a Premium Member
you
