we are only a few months away from the
legalization of cannabis in Canada and
whether or not you imbibe there was some
good news recently for those who are
fans of the free market economy namely
Ontario Premier Doug Ford is hinting
that pot might be sold in private retail
stores
hey that's far out man although not
everybody is happy of course now full
disclosure I have never smoked marijuana
hey forget wacky tabacky I've never even
had a cigarette you're looking at a real
square here folks but this rent isn't
about the various forms of combustibles
it's about which channel should sell
those products now in Ontario under the
previous kathleen lynn twin liberal
government the plan for cannabis was
that it would be sold the same way
liquor is retailed in the province
namely it would be made available only
via a government-run retail monopoly but
recently newly elected premier Doug Ford
suggested that pot might also be
retailed at private sector shops too
hallelujah indeed the marijuana file is
a snapshot that fully illustrates the
difference between the limb the Wynn
liberal way of doing things
versus the Ford PC way of taking care of
business in fact remember last made
during the election campaign how former
premier Wynne tried to channel
fear-mongering regarding pot sales at
private shops it was like a 20-18
rendition of reefer madness so it was
that in vilifying the private sector
when ridiculously said Ontarians don't
want quote cannabis sold next to candy
bars end quote
really based on what survey miss winner
was just based on a gut feeling in your
old role as the provinces top nanny
statist when is yesterday's news of
course but the interior Public Service
Employees Union well they're likely here
forever unfortunately and check out
their little tidbit of reefer madness by
way of a press release they sent out
yesterday here's the opening line quote
the outcry grows against Doug Ford's
leaked plan to privatize the sale of
cannabis absolute president warren
smokey thomas is calling on the rookie
premier to give it some sober second
thought end quote
yeah gee what is smokey smoking these
days
right off the bat old smokey spreads a
heaping helping of fake news with this
pronouncement about there being a
growing outcry against privatization of
pot sales a growing outcry by whom
smokey the rank-and-file of ops ooh
that's an excerpt from my daily TV show
the yeas relevant show no one leaves
behind a paywall but I thought you'd
like this video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews a day and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
