from so that's a new equipment in here
and good to see if it solves the problem
for you now we might still we might
still have a couple of issues possibly
because we're trying to tweak some new
settings but we had our web provider
come in do a top-to-bottom analysis
really trying to get to the bottom of
these trading issues we think we've
figured out we think we have and again
what I'm not gonna do is put you through
a bad stream so if we start to buffer a
little too much like crazy I'll end
early we'll perfect the stream and then
we'll come back to you tomorrow or
Monday or whenever we have it perfected
but really wanted to run this test today
and miss being with you guys
each morning it's a lot going on the
last couple of days really big story one
of interest to me well there are two or
talking about today the first is this
escalating war of words between Donald
Trump and robert muller and remember you
can always chat with us here and this
little icon down there you can super
chat and super chat means you donate a
couple of bucks then your chat pops up
and you don't get lost in the shuffle so
the two big stories that i want to talk
about well two big ones of interest to
me or donald trump's escalating war
words at robert muller that's number one
steel anvil hey brother how are you and
number two Trump's Tampa rally but most
importantly how the crowd at Trump's
Tampa rally attacked CNN Jim Acosta
mm-hmm and how it caused two acted like
a little baby afterward it's simply
ridiculous now if you haven't seen the
Trump war words this new war of words
it's pretty epic and I want to analyze
this a little bit so Trump tweeted about
the Muller investigation now Trump has
been forceful about the Moller
investigations at 13 angry Democrats 17
angry Democrats all that stuff but Troy
tweeted it was yesterday the day before
quote this is a terrible situation and
Attorney General Jeff Sessions should
stop this rigged witch-hunt right now
before it continues to stay in our
country any further
Muller is totally conflicted and his 17
angry Democrats that are doing his dirty
work are a disgrace to the USA now that
comes on the heels of last week Trump
saying that Muller's investigation was
illegal in another tweet saying that
Muller had outside private sector
conflicts of interest that comes with
all that Sam stone
asked I'm gonna just address this once
Tommy Robinson is free he's out on bail
he's gonna go back to court to face
charges
that's is restore II you guys are gonna
get far better coverage of the top story
with Ezra it doesn't make sense for me
to spend an entire hour reiterating the
phrase Tommy Robinson was freed from
jail he doesn't make any sense to do as
the rebels u.s. guy I'm gonna focus on
you us-based stories Ezra's done an
amazing job probably the best job in the
world right now of covering the Tommy
Robinson situation would be actually
silly for me to touch on this when Ezra
was literally standing outside the
courtroom in the jail when the hearing
was going on the judges were rendering
their decision and then Tommy was being
free makes no sense for me to talk about
it not that I don't want to wear a
static that he's out it's a big win for
free speech worldwide but I want you to
get the best coverage of that would be
silly for me to do it when Ezra was
literally on the ground so tune in to
Ezra show for all that back to Mahler
so with Muller now so last week we see
these reports that Robert Muller is is
threatening to view Trump's tweets as
some sort of potential obstruction of
justice investigation
moronic silly dumb idiotic I don't think
they're enough adjectives to describe it
that all being said why would Trump
tweet anything why would he treat
anything if he was told that Muller is
going to investigate tweets probably
because probably because he knows he
didn't do anything wrong he knows he
didn't do anything wrong
and he's now prodding Muller now Trump
is 100 I'm right about Jeff Sessions and
I tell you this every day but hopefully
this treat from Donald Trump will uh
will will solidify that in him laughing
Gary Morley asks why am i drinking from
a jam jar it's an old school ball jar
the holds a lot of water I like drinking
from these and how do you know it's not
moonshine got to start the show right
now its water but I like drinking out of
these things they hold a lot of water
and steel anvil says every prosecutor is
laughing their ass off exactly exactly
Muller is coming up mother's now pretty
much inventing stuff as he goes along
well I don't like how Donald Trump
tweets that's obstruction of justice
that is the stupidest the stupidest
thing I've ever heard that would be the
equivalent of I'm an on-air guy I've got
this digital show in the morning I do a
three-hour national cable television
show here in the US and the afternoon if
I decided to say hmm I prefer Ford
trucks over Dodge trucks actually like
the styling a boat but it hypothetically
I really don't pay each one of them as I
like that dodge rebel pickups go but my
but if I just said that I'd be then I
like Ford trucks over Dodge trucks or I
like coke over Pepsi that would be like
dodge and Pepsi suing me for slandering
their product because on my personal
social media I tweeted out a personal
opinion which is with Donald Trump's
doing and they want to criminally charge
it is the dumbest thing I've ever heard
of so steel anvil law enforcement guy is
right
prosecutors are laughing at this
attorneys are laughing at this so you've
got Jonathan Turley you've got Alan
Dershowitz these are not conservatives
all right these are not conservatives
Alan Dershowitz got into essentially he
was in a war was in a war on MSNBC
people accused them the leftists accused
of a shelling for trumpet Alan
Dershowitz a committed liberal because
Alan Dershowitz
is is committing the mortal sin of
caring about the Constitution not
ripping it up and throwing it in the
garbage to impeach Donald Trump Jonathan
Turley were to peace in USA today Donald
Trump's tweets yesterday actually I'm
sorry it's entitled Donald Trump's right
in front of me reckless tweets may be
foolish but not obstruction of justice
he says president wants a president
Trump president Trump's inflammatory
tweets a costly pers administration but
they shouldn't be used as the basis for
a criminal allegation so these are all I
don't have to agree with them I don't
always agree with their truth always
agree with Jonathan Turley but there's
no doubt that these men are brilliant
legal minds legendary legal minds not
conservatives left to their own devices
probably not fans of Donald Trump's
policies and even they even Turley even
Dershowitz say this is moronic this is
not criminal leave it alone leave it
alone it's so stupid
so this Turley um piece is very very
interesting the he specifically talks in
his USA Today piece from yesterday about
Trump's tweet against Jeff Sessions let
me read you parts this he says Turley
even for a morning Trump tweet the
blasts on Wednesday had the feel of a
command rather than a comment quote
Attorney General Jeff Sessions should
stop this rig which right now now this
is where I disagree with Professor
Turley a command is a command Jeff
Sessions end the witch-hunt now this is
an order not should stop what I'm
reading is a very strong suggestion not
a command not a demand if the right now
but he games with Charlie's writing it
is the right now that gave the
presidential tweet a sense of urgency
for some in desperation for others maybe
he goes on to talk about the tweet being
ill-advised he says it is indeed in
plain sight now the the Adams chef
representative Adam Schiff that moron
tweeted quote
the President of the United States
just cold on his Attorney General to put
an end to an investigation in which the
president his family and campaign may be
implicated this is an attempt to
obstruct justice hiding in plain sight
well Turley jump on Adams chef Charlie
said it is indeed in plain sight but it
is also plainly not a crime
if Trump streets were used as a basis
for a criminal allegation it would
reduce Muller from hunting Russian
collaborators in our presidential
election to punishing presidential
trolling on social media many of us have
criticized Trump's tweets but those who
are arguing for arguing for a tweet
based in Bateman should consider the
implications of such a prosecution and
that is exactly correct exactly correct
tweeting might not be politically
expedient it might not be politically
savvy I think it is in Trump's case I
think it's brilliant I think it serves
them very well but there are others that
disagree I think they're wrong however
that can be debated mm-hmm that is a
very subjective opinion it looks to be
successful
his tweeting appears to be very
successful but my opinion is subjective
on that but what is object is that
tweeting is kind of crime all right a
tweet is not a presidential directive
not an executive order it's not a letter
to the Attorney General
it's a freaking tweet that's all it is
that's all it is
so we're gonna we've got a troll on here
today I always call out the trolls a
trolling star that Stardust will now be
removed from the conversation bye-bye
Stardust
you're gone and if you come back well
they already we're gonna remove you
permanently you are now unable to make
your dumb comments and that's how we
treat well that's how we treat trolls
here we don't engage them we don't deal
with them we don't go back and forth
with them and a lot of them ruin the
show we just get rid of them we get rid
of them no time for nonsense hang
and John Ruth good morning shadi says he
starred us yep and that's how we knew as
they say that is how we do all right
back to mullet so we've got this this
moronic moronic investigation still
going on Jeff Sessions doing nothing Rob
Rosenstein over there I will
periodically say yes Tommy Robinson's
released check out Ezra's feed
Ezra's Twitter go to Ezra's Twitter
excellent info I'm not gonna report on
Tommy because Ezra's on the ground there
I'm not gonna dilute the story getting
second and third-hand info Ezra is doing
a more comprehensive and far better job
than any other reporter out there he's
got the best information on Tommy
Robinson watch Ezra show we had a full
diagnosis done yesterday our speed is
great we got some new equipment
we're just perfecting it so
unfortunately we're still having a
couple of small issues today but
hopefully by tomorrow Monday we'll have
this perfected for you back to the
subject at hand that MD says don't feed
the trolls yeah I never do I never never
do they waste my time and nobody nobody
wants their time wasted nobody so what
are we gonna do with a smaller case what
we're gonna do with this investigation I
don't know but I do know it's tearing
the country apart I know it is tearing
the country
to shreds not bad not bad
terrible devastating unconstitutional
all right now we've got more stories and
so everybody's got an opinion on this
and a couple of good stories this
morning on it the Rudy Giuliani it's
saying he was speaking at an event
endorsing a guy in New Hampshire guy
named Eddie Edwards yeah Eddie Edwards
guys running for Congress in New
Hampshire Giuliani was up there let me
tell you what Giuliani told the crowd
about the midterm elections he said
quote I say this not in my role as a
lawyer but as a concerned citizen and
Republican this election is going to be
about impeachment or no impeachment if
Democrats get control of the house do
you think they're going to treat treat
President Trump
fairly and the crowd scream no
they're not they are not it's all about
impeachments about ripping up the
Constitution throwing in the garbage and
taking out Donald Trump the wrong guy
won the wrong guy won Richard Driscoll
it's got to be your bandwidth it's not
the bandwidth nothing to do that we had
a full it done
we ran speed tests not the bandwidth we
know we know what the problem is I'm not
going to bore you with it we needed some
new equipment we've we now just have to
tweak all the settings for the way we're
streaming in the camera the whole bit
but I wanted to bring your show I wanted
to bring you a show today so we made a
decision me and my producer we said
should we wait another day or another
two days or should we see what we got
bringing the audience a show we really
didn't want to be off air another day we
wanted to be with you guys so it's um
it's important in wiki snow so the
stream isnt that bad go on with the show
no I agree with you but I do want to let
you guys know that we are on top of this
and we are fixing it mmm let's see what
else we got going on here so uh we've
got all these these comments we've got
Adam ships this has become this has
become a real disgrace and the disgrace
is that Democrats are no longer
interested in being Americans they want
to take down the president United States
at all costs at all costs it doesn't
matter if Robert Muller's investigation
is now they want to see that they want
to see that and they're enabling that
they were protecting Peter struck it's
disgusting disgusting that Democrats are
in plain sight the coin Adam shifts
phrase disgusting that they're basically
saying screw the Constitution
to hell with due process we want Donald
Trump to be considered guilty until
proven innocent it's terrible it is
absolutely terrible we are going to talk
about Jim Acosta we're going to talk
about Jim Acosta I spoke to Eric Bolling
yesterday
got his take on it was very interesting
actually but a little bit more on Mulder
we're going to go to Acosta then we're
going to take all your comments hoax
Phoebe said I must say I don't care for
the Masonic ritual picture or the
Egyptian obelisk or the fake globe earth
behind this guy are you kidding me right
now do you really think that this these
are symbols of something really dude
it's the forgotten man photo they'll be
saying Obama gave up on the United
States it's the Washington Monument in
stone and it's a globe a globe the earth
is round please don't tell me you're one
of those flat earthers coolies don't
tell me please but uh I got a lot of
comments here today saving up for a
Christmas donation of the rebel can't
wait said it because that guys did a
great job in 2018 well thank you Boris I
appreciate it
thank you let's see all right so let's
talk about let's talk about Jim Acosta
all right
so Trump has this rally in Tampa and a
couple of good friends of mine at the
rally it was packed packed crowd
estimates eight to ten thousand I spoke
to some people up in the sheriff's
office up in that part of Florida it's
about a four hour drive from where I'm
sitting right now they said those eight
to ten thousand estimates were accurate
as did the fire marshal and there were
about four to five thousand people
outside of the rally Democrats were
tweeting they were losing their minds
what goes on at a trump rally is a dark
carnival we see nothing like this on the
Democrat side exactly
there is no candidate on the Democrat
side exciting enough to put 10,000
people in an arena and have 45,000
outside none so I agree I agree Wow
steel anvil that was very generous $20
donation you're a patriot steel thank
you for your good work steel anvil if
you guys don't know is in
forcement give them your support out
there every day protecting you and
getting very little Thanks and not a
whole hell of a lot of money to do it
steel brother thanks very much for that
that was very generous very nice of you
David Badgley says I have Illuminati
symbolism and satanic Masonic oh yeah
I'm the Illuminati well I get invited to
Bilderberg every year oh yeah they want
me to go and plot with them in fact I'm
going to end early because we'll have a
late breakfast with Obama and George
Soros we're gonna talk about what we're
done we're gonna color coordinate our
outfits ID Bilderberg this year and then
the bushes might come in we're gonna
talk about the next Skull and Bones
meeting we're gonna chain me change the
color of our hoods and get a new stone
slab for the sacrifices when they get
about that oh no I don't know what do we
need one it is stone it's been around
for a couple of hundred years it works
pretty well all this things and then the
middle of all that I got to turn out
these shows yeah you know so uh let's
see let's say Trump rally so you got all
these people there they're going nuts
Trump's touting the economy you know
what the takeaway for me was I didn't I
didn't go had a lot of friends in the
room they were sending me video and
David Badgley was only kidding about the
imagery behind me it's a joke he's been
running on the stream for a couple of
days we're all kiddin guys David was
just joking around and I was playing
into the joke that's it
that's it oh so we're in this Trump law
I wasn't there
Trump was uh firing the crowd up nobody
talked about Muller but if you look
around these Trump rallies right one of
the one of the things that is the left
really really terrified is that at these
rallies when you speak to the crowd and
I've covered many as media and I speak
to a lot of people that are coming in
and leaving I try to even get out of the
media area it would always surprise
me it encourages me how many crossover
Democrats and dark Sandman said the
number of youth kids younger people yes
yes took the words out of my mouth so
you've got the crossover Democrats
crossover independents Millennials and
high school students you haven't seen
that kind of enthusiasm among younger
voters since Barack Obama Callum Jackson
hello from Scotland my friend thanks for
tuning in so cranium says I really liked
when trunk tried to be presidential it
was hilarious actually
and he was right if he tried to be
proper and presidential it doesn't work
for him he's got to be himself he's got
to be the guy he is that's the guy that
best works for Donald Trump the law of
one's his life without sarcasm nah I
agree man no way no way preservationist
says Trump need to say that white people
are losing their homelands he's talking
about South South Africa maybe right now
Trump needs to focus on an economic
message in America there is no political
ups we are in a midterm here in America
that's the fight of our lives if the
Democrats take the house they're going
to move to impeach Trump and instruct
the next two years of his first term
right now there is no political reason
whatsoever for Donald Trump to talk
about white genocide and and and why
losing their land in South Africa help
with it speak about it when he's
overseas lend intelligence financial
military assistance yes but there's no
reason for him to be speaking about that
at his rallies and on the campaign trail
it would be wasted time and a missed
opportunity his job right now is to get
Republicans elected in the midterms
they're coming resonates with the
American voter now I'm not saying there
aren't problems out there in the world
but those are not what are affecting the
American voter let me segue back into
the rally what I was going to say so my
pick away was that you've got all these
crossover Dems
and you've got these independents and
you've got these young voters who are
all historically Democratic voters
they're voting for Trump the supporting
Trump and the number one issue to these
people with immigration being a second
blow second the number one issue is the
economy
number one cheap oil cheap gasoline at
the pumps
a soaring stock market so their
investments their retirement are doing
better low interest rates that's what
Americans care about actually care about
they don't care about racial identity
politics around the world don't care
about that don't care about the gun
issues even in Florida pro-second
amendment Florida on vehement I'm
passionate about the second amendment
would voters on the ground care about
what voters on the ground care about mmm
or the economy and to an extent
immigration and crime all that comes
with the immigration problems they don't
care about these nuanced conservative
issues pal West I don't he watched Joe
Rogan used to have respect from he's
going further and further left last
night his comment about Trump and
supporters were unfair at all I've never
really watched him he does a good job
he's a talented guy but I just never did
and and part of the reason is I do about
four hours a day on it where two shows
um just burnt out from this content the
last thing I want to do when I'm not on
air is watch other people broadcast in
the commentary that I do no offense to
them no upfront Dan I just want to watch
something mindless like the History
Channel or Shark Week after that that's
all I want to do so steel anvil says
they never gave the real numbers at the
rallies even the campaign rallies no
they didn't you know I was at a rally
during the campaign and steeled down
here in Miami and the room either uh the
night center in Miami or the BBT Center
in Broward County west of Fort
Lauderdale
and there was a reporter from Reuters
the room the room on the arena he's a
big venues were packed the Secret
Service had closed one section
they were staging behind it I assume
they had their snipers up in the rafters
so for security they staged one section
they closed it and there was only staff
sitting in that section people that had
already been pre vetted by the Secret
Service and I'm guessing that was also
the section where it had the corridor to
the presidential limo or the motorcade
it wasn't presidential limit they get to
get you know the candidate out of there
and it needed me the Reuters reporter
ignored the packed house everywhere else
she only took a photo of that section
and basically put out on Twitter you
know basically pathetic crowd at this
Trump rally I caught that I then took a
panoramic shot of the rest of it called
her out on Twitter and she was
thoroughly embarrassed so steal they
don't only not give you the numbers they
will sit in a packed room a packed arena
and they will lie about it until they're
called out they will flat-out lie mm to
readers to viewers until they're called
out law of one says nothing like
watching three-headed sharks from outer
space to unwind no that's not Shark Week
I think you're thinking of sharknado 12
three-headed sharks from outer space all
right let's see I'm gonna go to some of
your comments now got a lot here today
guys let's see what we got Nigel you are
donating again you're asking us to look
at this Jeremy Bamber case I told you
I'm taking a look at it I'm interested
in any criminal case but a lot happening
here in the States
Ezra's very focused on Tommy Robinson we
will take a look at it though dad I
promise you I'll dig into the case when
I have time I will do that let's see mmm
MD says they won't move to impeach
they'll do it not hard to impeach
convict in the Senate though but the
point is that the whole agenda get
down exactly exactly now they will need
60 votes to him they will need 2/3 in
the Senate to impeach they'll never get
that but only a simple majority in the
house so the way impeachment works in
the house is goes to the Judiciary
Committee they need a simple majority
then a simple majority on the floor MD
you're 100% right if Dems take the house
mmm take the house Donald Trump gets
impeached he stays in office he becomes
the bill Quinn he doesn't get tried in
the Senate but he's impeached in the
house Charlie Brown House says why
doesn't Trump outright ban political
correctness and identity politics and
education and government and media
because we don't live in a dictatorship
we have the First Amendment an identity
politics are for the most part in
opinion and in America we don't ban
opinions let's see what else we got
Politico is starting to run fake polls
olt left idiots Uncle Joe by 7 points I
saw that but if you go to my Twitter and
you go to the media tab at John Cardillo
you'll see that I called the political
out on that because that same poll the
Politico morning I believe is political
morning call poll they also had Hillary
up by six
in October of 2016 so take the political
polls with a grain of salt they ain't
got the best history of accuracy dark
sandman says Trump has become the party
of the people not Dems not Republicans
we have a three-party system you're
right you're right I said yesterday
somebody Donald Trump is not
ideologically Republican Republican or
conservative
he's not ideologically Democrat or
liberal he's a guy that solutions base
now when he goes from a the salute the
problem to be the solution typically the
end result is a conservative policy so
he comes off looking conservative
somebody just asked me let's say I'll
entertain this because I just will at uh
leave a why is rebel media not covering
queueing on because we don't cover
fiction we don't cover made-up fantasy
things and that's all that qa9 nonsense
is made
fantasy's to throw you off track of
what's really going on let's see oh
let's take a look at what else you guys
got for me it rebel meaty ever take down
a video about Tommy or was it YouTube I
have no idea on either question
Tommy shell uh uh love this comment
couldn't agree more wish we could go
back to the days where people wouldn't
get so offended over nothing especially
jokes about anything thank you thank you
we live in a society of whiney babies we
live in a society of whiney babies
cranium says the Trump gets impeached in
the house what effect would it have on
him in 2020 none it would actually
energize Republican voters it would also
devastate the Democrats in those 2020
midterms happen to Bill Clinton he won a
second term in a landslide
it was also running against Bob Dole
that's a whole nother story but won a
second term in a landslide John Doe says
why is Paul Ryan stepping down he's
third in line well he knows he's gonna
face tough primary challenge but more
importantly Paul Ryan's a guy in his
late forties he wants to go make money
thank god he's stepping down but if I
were Paul Ryan I would as well Paul
Ryan's gonna step into millions upon
millions of dollars his first year out a
lot of politicians do that they won't
impeach B pluribus unum says they won't
impeach Rosenstein and they won't
protect the president
exactly the fix is in the fix is in what
do I think about Trudeau and Canada not
attending the shooting show respect well
I think the issue is that Trudeau went
to a photo op by Alec Trudeau is your
Obama god help you he's horrible he's
horrible
Michelle de Ruyter says if communism is
taking over the US because of our school
system it's ok because democracy well
that doesn't really make any sense
we don't ban opinions in the United
States now if you're asking me if we
should step in to public schools yes
but not the federal government that
should be done on a state and local
level also remember the United States is
not a democracy
that's a popular misconception we're a
constitutional republic very different
we're not a pure democracy here were a
constitutional republic Trump is a
populist conservative yes yes deccan
says that but that's what he's turned
out to be he didn't go into office as a
populist conservative but when he saw
the problems facing America and he
solved them his policies the solutions
all turned out to be conservative
populist policy so in the final analysis
you're 100% right let's see you can
defend some of the people some of the
time but not all of people all the time
I'm someone else agree with you what
does being offended do wastes time that
was from Busey Chino it wastes time law
of one says whiny betta Cox a grade hmm
Bruce young bar says talk about Second
Amendment really doesn't exist they can
sit come and take your guns anytime they
want just like Florida civil forfeiture
look what they're doing down in Florida
and really what's happening in Florida
we have a new law in Florida
look standard here typically is got to
be a criminal charge leveled against you
police can seize your guns until a
hearing yada-yada-yada the new law in
Florida is a bit too arbitrary I don't
like it I expect it'll be challenged
steel anvil thanks man
you'll be safe out there thanks for the
donation what a civil forfeiture look
you know it's not really civil
forfeitures that's not what it is it's
law enforcement coming in and
safeguarding the weapons if they give me
to be a threat Florida's new statute
broadens that too much for my comfort
level so I'm going to be doing now that
we look like we've got our stream issues
99% worked out I'm gonna be going back
to a different software bringing guests
on so you could chat with them one of
them is a really really talented
firearms lawyer I know who has major
problems the Florida law Micheel de
Ruyter says I'm okay the commies are
taking over
the u.s. school system that's a dumb
question no no but you also can't fire
people for their opinion and let's not
engage in hyperbole there is no evidence
that communists are taking over the US
education system there is a socialist
liberal bent connected Inc roles there
we need more conservatives in academia
that's what we need but you know let's
not have a Red Scare about schools like
Russian North Korean paratroopers aren't
descending on public schools Chinese
troops aren't descending on high schools
now dork Sandman said colleges are
communist hot beds yes in terms of the
ideologies of the professor's so how do
you solve that free-market
those paying tuition need to complain
but does a communist are taking over
schools implies no Chinese paratroopers
descending on Harvard that's not the
case Americans need to speak up those
paying 100 grand a year in tuition need
to say enough Sanath here's a list of 50
conservative professors we want you to
hire Walter Connor says so no Red Dawn
nope cranium says the Republican
candidate for governor and Florida is
gonna win hmm I'm in Florida I spent a
lot of time in Florida politics yes Ron
de santis will most likely be the
gubernatorial candidate if Trump comes
out to help them he can win he should
win he's not the strongest campaigner so
he's gonna need a lot of help from the
president a lot of help from the
president Walter Connor asks how about
3d plastic guns gonna go very deep into
that tomorrow a lot to talk about with
that a lot to talk about
I'm gonna go deep into it tomorrow
needless to say I'm a supporter of being
able to disseminate the information on
how to make these guns its First
Amendment protected educational material
in my opinion and I'm going to give you
some examples of liberal hypocrisy on
that but I want to do a whole show on
that tomorrow
a whole show David Badgley said you're
sharp John got a hold on what's real
keep it up and good luck thank you David
you too you too we need the audience you
guys are the ones out there spreading
the message when I'm not I do it a few
hours a day you do it all day every day
MD says what let's talk about Florida
governor's race for a second MD says for
for Rhonda Santos over Adam Putnam would
accept button though especially to keep
Santos in Congress where is pretty
desperately needed yeah all right so
here's the deal so Rhonda said this
conservative guys done a great job Adam
Putnam I know him
who was more liberal in Congress buttons
a really nice guy
he's our current agriculture
commissioner he's been very conservative
so as governor of Florida either one
would be great for the economy of
Florida which is booming for gun rights
for all those issues but I will is that
one-on-one detail campaigning Putnam is
better than the Santis however with the
president by his side the Santis is more
powerful than Putnam and can raise a lot
more money either way though
either way Florida would be in good
hands with either one in the governor's
mansion because as gubernatorial
candidates and his governors they're
both pretty conservative guys so either
way we're lucky John Zeeland says Kirk
and Owen are doing a great job and
swinging over the Young Conservatives
he's talking about Charlie Kirk and
Candace Owens were working a turning
point both friends of mine know them
both very well doing an outstanding
outstanding job they are ground breaking
in what they're able to do ground
breaking great great job the pluribus
unum Alexandria Acacio Cortes says she's
making America red what a dingbat well I
think she'd be a communist red but she
is the gift that keeps on giving
I love Alexandria kasnia Cortese it with
more politicians but you like her let's
say no
to get liberal support for guns are done
that secret compartment B he lives will
do anything for weed Michael Horrigan
Michael Corrigan Nigel thanks for the
donation you'd love to see me of Canada
so ins the guest sometime dark Sandman
she and I talked about that quite a bit
her schedules packed and so it's
something we'll work out just got a
turning point is really doing a blitz
now and she's speaking at every
conference these these guys are on the
road daily they are on the road daily
they travel like nobody I've ever seen
Osvaldo maisonette says the Chinese have
been sending pregnant women now for
years they have american-born kids
Chinese Allegiant people in the going
back home for indoctrination China has a
dirty long-term plan uh you know I don't
know yeah well there's a billion and a
half Chinese I don't think sentient a
few thousand people here is gonna really
matter John Doe says the percentage Don
jr. gets indicted in my opinion zero he
did nothing wrong nothing wrong MD says
hate to distract from the national
stories anything more on the Scott
Israel the Broward County Sheriff who
was complicit in the Parkland massacre
really the case seems to be dragging out
he does I was talking to somebody about
that yesterday all of us are wondering
what the hell's going on person I talked
to was a Democratic strategist who
helped get Israel elected hates him now
wants him gone even she's very
frustrated she's very frustrated about
it we all are we all are let's see what
else we got here why isn't Trump
speaking out Michele de ruyter says why
isn't Trump speaking out about the
vicious attacks against his supporters
in the US find that very disappointing
no he is he is he's been Don jr. is
members of administration are you know
the president is is busy is busy but his
surrogates are being very loud about it
and when given the opportunity the
president is speaking out about it as
well
Emilio's in the house from Sao Paulo
Brazil great to be here well great to
have you thanks for being here
what is my take on the media thing left
is it leaning heavy in the mid term
polls that say media that said Hillary
Clinton at a 92 percent chance of
winning on Election Day in 2016 that's
what I think of them mark Hagler pn says
flint water gonna hurt republican party
in michigan no it's not was a democrat
run city's Jim Acosta is bad news yeah
alright so real quick so we can really
get to that so Jim Acosta goes that we
actually got sidetracked on the rally so
Jim Acosta goes to the Trump rally in
Tampa and he gets harassed the crowd
screaming CNN sucks CNN sucks
Acosta's being a whiny baby goes on
Twitter but a constant did this to
himself and let me tell you why let me
tell you why Acosta is not a hard news
reporter the guy is an opinion
commentator if he said he was he'd
receive less flack from the audience so
would CNN I am an opinion coming here I
am NOT a hard news reporter I'm a
conservative opinion guy right I don't
claim to be a hard news reporter so
because I'm not now I'm fair but I would
be questioning them on policies of
theirs I think that are bad that are
terrible so Acosta goes to this rally
knowing the crowd hates of knowing the
crowd hates CNN then he cried about what
was inevitable he became combative in
rude
so yesterday I spoke to Eric Bolling and
Eric Bolling said well CNN doesn't suck
Jim Acosta sucks I like Eric a lot
fundamentally disagree with him Acosta
works for CNN CNN allows Acosta to do
this allows the Casta to do this so
they're both complicit in a Const
I'm a blunt that says I used to live in
Tampa I love it Kevin's a great city
doing great with Tampa a lot going on
Verne Steakhouse is amazing I look down
in Southeast Florida but I get up there
as often as I can
Tommy shell is out of here Tommy thanks
for being here with us great to see ya
what about the ISIS people running in
Meighan wouldn't the ISIS wouldn't be
Isis direct but look it's America Muslim
Americans can run for office there's a
guy named Omar kudrat running in
California who's a Muslim conservative
Republican who served in our military
and was a lawyer for the Department of
Defense guy comes awfully a great
American to me I've interviewed him
twice and this sharp guy so I don't have
a problem most three Isis ban Islam
nobody has been more credit critical of
radical Islam than me but our First
Amendment protects religion here in the
United States McAllister says CNN is
real news definitely not fake note
they'd never lie
you're a good man Craig your ideological
your idealistic no they would never lie
boldness tanki X is when I supported nor
McDonald Jordan Peterson presidential
ticket 2024 after Trump yep
just oh god no
you
plan Jeff Sessions is weak and paralyzed
no plan ain't nothin to happen telling
you
there ain't nothing happening behind the
scenes nothing nothing 20:24 Ivanka is
gonna run that's why the president's
pushing her forward more and more and
letting her take the spotlight a bit
maybe but I don't think she'd win and I
don't think I banca would run as a
Republican I just don't think she would
do it
let's see people love Trump turbo Jones
says Islam is a political affiliation
stronger than party maybe but it's a
very slippery slope here in the US we
can't start banning religions or telling
people born in his nation they can't run
or even legally in the station for
lesser offices than the presidency but
they're not allowed to run for office
because they adhere to a particular
religion prestige Australia says do I
like Tucker Carlson yeah I do I think he
gives a good interview Tucker and he
turns out a good show I don't watch
because I'm just burnt from doing my own
shows every day so I typically don't
watch news I get my headlines and and my
breaking news from the web from my phone
after I do this for hours and hours a
day I just don't want to sit down and
watch more news are my buddy John
Zeeland says how about Don jr. running
in 2024 I don't think he wants to run
for office is it a possibility yes but
we don't like political dynasties in the
US so I don't think he'd run to be
honest with you Michele DeRuyter says
Trump is great we needed Trump in
Netherlands very fast or we're lost I
agree with you I agree with you catfish
jenkum Sen set Smith send Shepard Smith
to CNN well you understand that
editorially Fox is moving left the
Murdock's sons Jamie and Lachlan Murdoch
are left of their dad Rupert Murdoch
Rupert understood the business reasons
to have a conservative Network they are
moving left the pluribus unum I believe
FDR made it illegal for Islam in America
no Islam is not outlawed in the United
States it's not we have a First
Amendment protects freedom of religion
it's not banned it's not outlawed here
in the US
nope hmmm do I have my own channel
separate from the rebel no I also host
an afternoon show on cable television a
tional cable TV network here in the US
kirbo Jones ask could I vote for a
conservative Satanist it's an
interesting question
I don't think personally I could however
as a constitutionalist I would not want
them removed from the ticket
they're running they meet the criteria
to run let him run let the people decide
who's a Chino on the Britain most of us
love sarcasm and I do it justice your
groovy dude well thanks man I appreciate
it
Tucker will be interviewing Tom Robinson
on Friday oh good good yeah Tucker's
doing some good interviews he's got some
good things going on he has Katie
Hopkins our Katie Hopkins on all the
time he's got a very good relationship
with some of the rebel people and
Tucker's been turning out a really good
show and I don't predict they're gonna
fire Tucker Carlson because he has good
ratings he makes a lot of money for the
network so I predict they'll be just
fine
Richard Driscoll says accept Islam is
not a religion it's a cult ideology
that's your opinion and in many respects
my opinion III don't disagree with you
fully but in the United States of
America it's still considered a religion
see well we would never have that here
and we wouldn't have political parties
based on religion and if we did they
wouldn't make it very far when board
says is from Islam preachers and
practices slavery is in slavery outlawed
yes the Christian Bible also preaches
stoning that's outlawed it doesn't mean
so there are elements within every
religion that would constitute a crime
today that doesn't mean the entire
religion is outlawed
Darkman says we try to get rid of the
things we don't like
then we sink to the level of the Dems we
have to uphold the law in our public
opinion thank you exactly exactly let me
see uh there was a good comment here
Oh Trump is waiting dan Payne says Trump
is awaiting the chant charge fired the
swamp after the 2020 election baby maybe
but he needs to get rid of some of them
now he needs to get rid of some of them
now because what they're doing to him
now is disgraceful and he is not going
to fare very well unless he cleans house
gotta start cleaning house he really
does he really really does and guys as
you can see we're starting to have some
stream problems what I'm gonna do may
cut about nine ten minutes early I want
to diagnose this I really want to be
able to bring you the top quality the
most top quality show I can so thanks
for being here I will definitely be back
even if I've got them 99% more worked
out with you tomorrow morning 7:30 a.m.
been awesome we're going to be talking
about those 3d printers and guns
probably going to be chatting a little
bit more about sessions Muller Rosen
Stein that whole crew thanks for
watching guys I'll be back with you
tomorrow morning 7:30 love being with
you
have a great one
