take us through this
how exactly our drinking straws
supposedly killing the planet well the
idea is it's plastic and plastic is the
evil of the environmentalists despite
all of the positive benefits that
plastic has brought to us as humans and
so what's happened here is it's become
the ultimate virtue signaling movement
the idea is the plastics bad the straws
are horrible so everyone wants to ban it
you have Starbucks banning it you have
other major companies of you the United
Kingdom being the first major country
now the first one in the Europe I should
say banning straws California cities in
Seattle so this this is continuing the
idea is this is bad for the planet it
doesn't biodegrade it's it's you know we
have to send it far away to recycle and
then it turns out that actually these
plastic it because of the recycling laws
it's all going to countries in Asia in
five of the countries in Asia have the
biggest disposal problem there anything
up dumping it in the ocean so so this is
part of the problems we send it off for
recycling so to make a long story short
here the plastic band is now going into
effect because the Liberals seem to
think it's the worst thing on earth
however the band we're finding in the
case of Starbucks that they're actually
using more plastic in the replacement
for the straws with their new lids and
we're also finding that the replacements
for straws biodegradable other things
aren't good they're not a great in
landfills and disabled advocates are
complaining about it because they
dissolve in liquids as you would imagine
the substitute isn't as good as the
original it's sort of like the sequel so
that the replacements are trying to
mandate on people aren't working that's
an excerpt from my daily TV show the
Ezra Levante show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
