a piece of artwork featuring an altered
American flag has been removed but is it
right for us to censor art today I read
about a project commissioned by creative
time a New York public art nonprofit
organization called pledges of
Allegiance the project is designed to
represent the political and cultural
divide in America something that both
sides of the political spectrum can
easily recognize one person involved
with the project German artist Josephine
Mexico created a piece that showed an
altered American flag with a black land
mass of America split in two on the
front the flag named untitled flag too
was flown as part of a year-long art
project but it was taken down amidst
criticism from Republican state governor
Jeff Colyer and his challenger
Republican Steve Watkins the flag was
meant to fly until the end of the month
creative time defended the project
explaining pledges of Allegiance was
begun to generate dialogue and bring
attention to the pressing issue of the
day the right to freedom of speech it is
one of our nation's most dearly held
values it is also under attack we are
proud to stand by artists to express
themselves today's events illustrate the
same division in our country that the
series has confronted head-on and I
wanted to ask the question to you guys
today should this artwork be censored in
the name of defending our flag is it
free speech I mean these people are
trying to defend free speech and that's
something I can get behind
I don't immediately see this as a
desecration of the flag it features
America torn in two over the front
showing the political divide that we see
today is it any more offensive than
American flag boxer shorts or socks I've
experienced the far-left trying to shut
down my artistic work so I know exactly
to what it's like to be censored over
politics and they wonder whether this is
the same thing but in Reverse what do
you guys think should this artwork have
been censored
if you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team like and
subscribe
you
