I'm Ezra Levin for the rebel dot media I
am in an exuberant mood because Tommy
Robinson has been set free as we speak
he is likely packing his things
he's probably packed them already and is
in a car heading home to his loving
family to be reunited after more than
two months in prison for contempt that
was improperly found by the court that's
the import of today's ruling today the
Court of Appeal has found that the
conviction of Tommy Robinson in Leeds
was flawed it was wrong it violated
British law it violated the criminal
rules of procedure it was it will not
stand
it was quashed Tommy is a free man the
only condition placed on Tommy is that
he must appear at a proper hearing for
contempt a hearing that I predict he
will be acquitted or even if he is
convicted on some technicality he has
served so much time that he will not
have to serve her further day I would
call this a very large victory a total
victory would have meant that he
wouldn't have to reappear in court but I
I think that's only a formality great
news for Tommy supporters around the
world and the vindication of Tommy's
thesis that this was a stitch-up from
the beginning now I'm surrounded by a
lot of Tommy reporters a lot of
journalists most of the journalists are
are with the mainstream media here
although there are some independent
grassroots media who are generally
supportive of Tommy in this sort of
playpen area there are some professional
protesters from anti fuck I walk close
to them earlier and they called me a
Nazi which is sort of funny because I'm
a Jew and a pretty jewy jewy at that
they're the core bonuses they're the
anti-semites in general it's so weird
that you've got anti-semitic activists
condemning Jewish and X Muslim and Sikh
and Tommy supporters come from every
walk of life but that anti-fur group is
pretty I mean I've got nothing against
white people but they're pretty white to
be condemning someone else's races it's
so weird it's so weird
anyways sort of a celebratory feeling
even though auntie was shouting on their
megaphone there were lots of police
house
affecting I don't know what bad behavior
from Tommy supporters it just didn't
come I think today is a great day for
victory for freedom the United Kingdom
is living up to its proper reputation as
a country with the rule of law and I'm
just glad to have been here to see it
one last word I like to say thanks to
all of Tommy Robinson's supporters
around the world who chipped in to
crowdfund his legal-defense without you
I don't think Tommy would be free he had
a top-notch legal team and today's
victory is because of their work for the
rebel dot medium as for the vans I'm
back in London covering Tommy Robinson's
appeal because I don't believe a word
the mainstream media has to say about
him to support my journalism including
the cost of my airfare and hotel to get
here please go to Tommy Trial calm
you
