CNN shared a video which excitedly
showed off the latest and a long line of
Barbies a head job RB the doll is
modeled after a muslim olympic fencer
and is part of an effort by Mattel they
say to diversify the Barbie line here's
what I don't get about this Barbie has
long been a feminist icon who reflected
the times this is something feminists
always get wrong they tend to attack
Barbie but they don't realize she's a
feminist icon in the 60s there was the
roving reporter Barbie and the business
appointment Barbie there was even an
astronaut Barbie the 70s had these scuba
diving Barbie the 80s had army Barbie
the 90s had the x-files Barbie the 2000
had Elizabeth the first Barbie doll and
research scientists I personally saw in
2012 a presidential Barbie it was part
of the White House project and it was
really funny because she had a podium
that said stands on her own I wonder if
there was an agenda for that in 2016
they had a first time all female ticket
president and vice president Barbies and
so on and so on Barbie has long inspired
young girls to live out their dreams
Barbie shows them that can be anything
they want and now we're all suddenly
meant to applaud this new barbecue
dition that says yes they too can be
oppressed and just like Barbie this
isn't a topic I usually talk about but I
think it's an important one
instead of diversifying the Barbie line
so that it includes oppression why don't
we introduce a new Iranian Barbie her
special function could be a robotic arm
that pulls off her hijab in protest now
that is truly feminist
if you want to see more from me and the
rest of the rebel team like and
subscribe
you
