country music star Eric Church made
statements claiming that the NRA was
responsible for the Las Vegas shooting
massacre know your audience and know
your facts before saying something so
stupid I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood
at the route 91 Festival in Las Vegas
Eric Church said quote there are some
things we can't stop like the
disgruntled kid who takes his dad's
shotgun and walks into a high school but
we could have stopped the guy in Vegas I
blame the lobbyists and the biggest in
the gun world is the NRA I don't care
who you are you shouldn't have that kind
of power over elected official to me
it's cut and dried the gun show loophole
would not exist if it weren't for the
NRA and at some point in time if I was
an NRA member I would think I had more
of a problem than the solution well
there is so much wrong this statement
I'd barely know where to begin let's
start here
how many NRA members have been one of
these mass shooters zero however there
have been card-carrying NRA members who
have rescued people from these such
attacks for example Stephen Willeford
who himself went out and risked his life
to take down this deranged psychopath
who was openly murdering people in the
church it was Stephen Wilfred that
stopped the attack not the police
well of course mass shootings are so
rare that this is really antidotal
evidence so let's look at the masses
let's look at the real data here
according to the CDC in a population of
over 300 million the United States about
30,000 people die from firearms each
year however 60% of those are suicide
and 33% of those are homicides however
80% of the homicides are gang activity
you know criminal activity which of
course is tragic but then you have to
say compared to what if we're gonna
judge on a macro scale like this well
four hundred eighty thousand people die
from smoking each year including 41
thousand people from secondhand smoke
people that aren't even smoking and what
about the defensive uses of firearms per
year
you know organizations like the NRA who
fight for the rights of everyday
law-abiding citizens to be able to
defend themselves how many people are
saved like that each year well according
the same CDC study between about half a
million and three million per year of
defensive uses of firearms well I would
say a big thank you to the NRA making
sure cities like Chicago didn't become
the norm across the country let's go
address Eric's other point about the gun
show loophole at this point if a media
outlet does say that there's a gun show
loophole then this should be malpractice
and they should be immediately fired
this has been debunked so many times and
in law like over and over again I cannot
believe this keeps getting repeated
there is no gun show loophole since 1938
quote persons selling firearms have been
required to obtain a federal firearms
license if a dealer sells a gun from a
storefront from a room in his home or
from the table
gunshow the rules are exactly the same
authorization from the FBI for the sale
only after the FBI runs its instant
background check and this in the United
States is the only product for which the
FBI permission is required for every
single sale unquote and let's talk about
these lobbyists buying up Congress
people well based on the money given by
lobbyists to politicians I don't know
why I would run Republican because if
you're a Democrat you can see some money
hikes up to 33 million dollars but then
an array still gives money to some
campaigns yeah they do about three
million dollars yeah I think I'll go the
teachers union next mr. Eric Church who
obviously has never been to a gun show
to purchase anything his entire life
what policies would have stopped the Las
Vegas shooter you know what regulations
are laws you know what could we put in
place to have prevented this well
according to Democratic congresswoman
Dianne Feinstein who's a Democrat in
California one of the strictest gun laws
places in the entire United States she
says nothing no law would have prevented
this from happening
why because criminals do bad things and
they don't follow the rules
here's the thing the NRA is just the
latest leftist scapegoat for the belief
that no one is actually responsible for
their own actions everyone should be
allowed to blame someone else because
we're all perfect well here's the thing
I think I know who to blame when Eric
church's record sales completely drop
off the face of the earth I'm Ben Davies
this is Hollywood all right so if you
enjoyed that video please consider
becoming a Premium Member - the rebel
that way you have first access to pure
Hollywood and the entire rebel lineup
you
