remember the Massachusetts commie camp I
reported on last week kids at this
summer camp apparently do fun perfectly
innocent activities like make flags for
the domestic terrorist group auntie feh
well after my report a 20 year old lady
who just resigned as a counselor from
Camp Kendra land got in touch she
supports Trump
unlike probably everyone else there and
wait until you hear what she has to say
meet Gabriela mehmet who had the unique
displeasure of serving as a camp
counselor for the social justice themed
camp Kendrell and while being a trump
supporter now you're probably wondering
why would someone who supports Trump
sign up for a job focused on communist
indoctrination well Gabriela told me
that she didn't get the impression the
place was a leftist hive mind during the
phone interview or from browsing the web
site but she sure was in for a surprise
particularly from the kids she said they
were attacking me from my political
views they were saying that they felt
threatened by me as a counsellor and not
knowing my views on gun control they
said to my face all Trump supporters are
bad people they're racist homophobic and
we don't want them at our camp sorry but
how does not knowing someone's political
views make you feel threatened this is
the epitome of that cancerous concept
that the personal is political
no the personal is not political and in
what kind of clown world does your
stance on gun control determine your
fitness to be a camp counselor now aside
from an t faux flag making Gabriela told
me that a big event at Camp Kinder Lin
is something called the peace Olympics
there are five teams and every team gets
an issue and my particular team was
black lives matter she said we would
have to make chants about black lives
matter and chants in favor of that
particular thing some of the chants they
made were attacking Trump
no more Trump no more pence we don't
need a bigger fence Camp Kindelan
apparently assigned Gabriela to a bunk
full of 14 and 15 year olds you know how
much of a pain in the ass that age group
usually is but just imagine if their
brains are addled with both immaturity
and Marxism campers were justifying the
police officers being shot in Ferguson
said Gabriela whose father serves in the
force they were basically saying that it
was okay for the police officers to be
shot because people were so angry now
after a month of putting up with this
crap the 20 year old counselor was
scheduled to switch bunks last Sunday
but said she resigned after her boss
simply told the kids she was needed
elsewhere
and didn't hold them accountable for
their actions for campus unmasked I'm
Rob strim shocked if you like this video
and support our mission please make sure
to comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
