Oh cojones
that's right Elizabeth borne herself
Pocahontas has released her DNA test
results and it shows that she is a
fraction with an infraction of Native
American I mean I'm pretty sure most of
us walking around you were me Thai
people not me but most people probably
have more Native American in them than
Elizabeth Warren president Trump tweeted
about it and he said Pocahontas the bad
version sometimes referred to as
Elizabeth Warren is getting slammed
she took a bogus DNA test and it showed
that she may be one 1020 forth far less
than the average American now Cherokee
Nation denies her DNA test is useless
even though they don't want her home and
even see and then is admitting that her
whole DNA test result thing did not
really work out in her favor
Elizabeth Warren shocked the political
world with a five-minute video an amount
of documentation aimed at putting to bed
the controversy over our claims of
Native American heritage has become
increasingly clear the strategy amounts
to a swing and a miss PolitiFact shows
that Warren's central offense dates back
to the mid-1980s when she first formally
notified law school administrators that
her family tree includes Native
Americans Warren said she grew up with
family stories about both grandparents
on her mother's side having some
Cherokee or Delaware blood that
genealogical claim has zero documentary
evidence to back it up Harvard Law
School officials cited her claim as
proof of their faculties diversity the
Boston Globe followed the herald with a
report that the Association of American
law schools listed Warren as a minority
law teacher each year from 1986 to 1994
in that time Warren went from being a
law professor at the University of Texas
to the University of Pennsylvania and
finally in 1995 to Harvard University so
Warren claimed to be a minority that she
had Native American blood and she used
this to be listed as a minority list of
teachers at Harvard and various
universities from 1986 to 1994 and when
it was no proof that she actually had
this minority status she said I listed
myself in the directory in the hopes
that might mean that I would be invited
to a luncheon a group something with
people who are like I am nothing like
that ever happened that was absolutely
not they use for it and so I stopped
checking it off apparently she used this
minority status to make herself more
attractive to law schools this just is
one example of how people are trying to
take any sort of minority status and use
it as a purse pocket in show hey look I
have some minority status aren't I
important this exactly disproves a white
privilege because if you're white you
don't really get that many privileges
but if you have a little fraction of
minority oh people are gonna use that to
the most they can this isn't just about
picking on Elizabeth Warren and trying
to figure out what percentage Native
American she is I mean it really doesn't
matter but if you look at this why did
she use the really small amount of
Native American to get privileges and
get into Harvard when she could have
just used her white privilege I mean she
had a really large percentage of white
in her and wouldn't that be more useful
if white privilege was real if you want
to see more for me and the rest of the
rebel team like and subscribe
you
