alright guys we are live welcome to
Declassified live happy Monday morning
to you
it's gotta actually get my tree and my
uh what do you call this chat screen up
a lot to talk about today the president
is not I mean he is not at all happy
with Robert Muller
I have not seen Trump yet this serious
in a while and I'm gonna tell you what I
mean I think he knows something now
rumor has it he had rod Rosenstein into
the Oval Office the other day and it was
not a let's just say it was not a a good
meeting for Rosen Stein you know where I
heard that it was pretty contentious
Rosen Stein left the meeting pretty
upset he didn't speak to anybody there
doesent sources in the White House take
them for what they're worth but three
different people familiar told me that
meeting didn't go well now you see this
war of words man they call razz hello
from London England from England I'm
sorry you didn't say London Marcin is
saying hello guys George Watts from
Canada hey George how are ya good Monday
morning had my Superman mug last we told
you guys I have a Captain America mug
decided to use that today Marcin hello
from Poland was with a good buddy of
mine from Warsaw last night let's
catching up with him he comes down here
to Florida as well and his parents are
over in Warsaw right now they split
their time great country Wow Hans glow
from Austria Rene from Toronto Jesus you
guys are coming in jumped from Australia
agent sushi from England John Zealand
good morning my friend how are you guys
wow Scotland's are in the house Missouri
USA zouri Calvin from Louisiana hey
spiral out in Missouri I've been
following that US Senate race out there
I know the president's endorsing Josh
Holley my good friend Tony Minetti the
b2
pilot is running in that race Persia
motor man from Maine Daren from
Australia heartbreaker from London Jules
from New Zealand Jason from Manchester
Franz from Amsterdam wow you guys are
doing awesome blue sail Texas
love it love it love it free oak County
the UK England Elmer Santiago Kissimmee
Florida Elmer PS a6 Wow
taking me way back taking me way back
glad to see you got out unscathed and
retired to Florida for you guys don't
know what PSA 6 means police service
areas six back when New York City's
housing police and the New York City
Police Department were two separate
entities well actually they kept PSAs
while they merge but it's a precinct in
the housing projects Elmer is fellow and
why PD great to have you here brother
let's suit up who else we've got
come me up yeah there goes our annoying
stream so just so you go tomorrow I'm
going to be replacing all the modems and
all the connectivity so that we don't
run into the stream issues anymore I
already have everything ordered I'm
gonna have a diagnostic done because
this is telling me that our connectivity
is great but clearly there's a problem
so I've got the web provider coming out
tomorrow morning can do a an audit and a
full analysis and get this fixed because
it's just a pain right we got Lynchburg
Virginia in the house like I said
Columbia Tulsa Oklahoma Pennsylvania
hangman John Ruth our buddy
Nottingham UK Czech nationalists why do
you think you have a good day I why do I
think I don't know uh-oh sidekick wants
it all my psychedelic shirt is dry
cleaner it's Monday I got there too late
yesterday I really wanted to wear it for
you guys but the dry cleaner was not
open we missed that boat but there's
always tomorrow
and the next day and just a note I have
to let my producer know this as well we
might not have a live show tomorrow
because I really want to have this web
diagnostic done they are scheduled to
come right now
around 7:30 in the morning it was the
only open appointment I'm trying to get
them to come a little bit later so I can
do the show with you but it really is
important to diagnose all these issues
because they're really really out of
control
and so we'll keep you guys posted on
that on Twitter and on Facebook but
let's talk about what's going on to get
back to your I'm gonna get back to all
your comments but I really want to talk
of words against Robert Muller I don't
know if you guys saw these tweets they
started last night very very telling
here's the first one there's no
collusion the Robert Miller rig which
one headed now by 17 parentheses
increased from 13 including an Obama
White House lawyer angry Democrats was
started by a fraudulent dossier paid for
by crooked Hillary and the DNC therefore
the witch-hunt is an illegal
scam first time he ever used the words
illegal illegal first time then he went
on to say is Robert Muller ever going to
release his conflicts of interest with
respect to President Trump
here's where it gets really really
interesting including the fact this
sudden we haven't heard that we had a
very nasty and contentious business
relationship then I turned him down to
head the FBI one day before appointment
of special counsel and Comey is his
close friend now we knew about Muller
being turned down Ted the FBI we knew
about Comey
and Muller being very close friends for
years but this is really the first we've
heard of a contentious business
relationship in the private sector
between donald trump and robert muller
and if true becomes very very
problematic for muller and his man of
integrity moniker then trump finished up
by saying also why is Muller only
appointing angry Dems some of whom have
worked for crooked Hillary others
including himself have worked for Obama
and why
isn't Muller looking at all of the
criminal activity and real Russian
collusion on the Democrat side Podesta
the dossier he's right
look we know that Hillary Clinton
colluded with the Russians we know that
we know that we know that she paid
fusion gps through her law firm perkins
koey we know that perkins Coey paid
fusion gps who ultimately paid
Christopher steel who colluded with
Russians so like I've been saying
apparently to the FBI and our deal jada
robert muller it was okay for hillary to
collude with russians to get dirt on
trump but it's illegal for Trump to have
colluded with Russians to get dirt on
Hillary look there is no in my mind
anyway in my opinion there is no
question that this is a witch-hunt
at this point none at all none at all
there's no question that this is bias
and rigged and unfair not at all
none at all I mean there's there's no
achieve you're investigating Russian
interference in collusion if you're
Robert Muller then how do you not
investigate Hillary Clinton's
relationship with Christopher steel and
Christopher seals relationship with
Russians who gave him dirt on Trump you
can't you can't there is certain big
they're gonna try to overcomplicate it
they're gonna try to give you convoluted
explanations they're gonna try to tell
you don't believe your lying eyes and
don't believe your lying ears don't
believe them don't believe them and when
I glanced over I look at your I've got
your chats coming up on on two different
screens here I've got three screens in
front of me and then I don't want to
miss anything
so one comes in a little quicker than
the last free game of boot that says
Woodstock nice hey hey I'm a peace and
love kind of guy and I love the music me
I'm all about peace I'm all about love
let's say whatever got here what are you
guys saying all right anyway let's go
back to this Muller thing now Muller
should never have taken the job to
investigate why his friend was fired all
right that was one of the reasons
was appointed when Comey was fired
Muller should have said I'm too close to
Jim Comey instead of saying I'm a man of
integrity without any feelings and any
opinions no one no one is like that
nobody nobody they they wanted Muller
because the new Muller would see the
world their side of the way the deep
state side of the way the unit party
side of the way but Trump is now
punching in a way he has it and every
small Trump is nods and he goes off
half-cocked and you got to take his
tweets with a grain of salt and yada
yada yada well it's not really the case
Trump is a very smart guy Trump knows
that the way he tweets down to the
syntax of how he tweets is done for a
very specific reason a very specific
reason and one of those reasons and you
guys watch me rub my hands I just put
some sanitizer on him fanatical about
that's because you hurt my allergies
since I've been doing this they've been
a lot better they bit of love better no
I'm not OCD I don't have like a job not
a germophobe but I have to tell you
since one of my dog my doctor said try
to use the hand sanitizer it helps get
some of the allergens off your hands
since I've been doing it I've been great
I'm an analogy so something to it anyway
but you know if Muller Muller should
ever have investigated his friend but if
this is true if what Trump is tweeting
his true and I have no reason to think
it's not because like I'm saying Trump's
tweets are very nuanced he uses a
certain syntax to sound like he's
ranting and raving and like he's just a
regular guy Luke vno good morning crew
good morning to you Luke
but in those tweets are Nuggets are
diamonds are nuggets of gold okay and
that one tweet that he put out last
night
well yesterday afternoon about 3:30 4:00
Eastern Time it was very telling that
he's saying that he and Muller had a
prior contentious he called it very
nasty and contentious business
relationship very telling very very
telling to an extreme
because if Muller didn't disclose that
in the private sector something
happen now we don't know what happened
sure Trump will elaborate but maybe
Muller was the attorney on another side
of a deal
maybe his firm sued Trump for a Trump
property if that's the case very
problematic for robert muller even worse
very problematic for rod Rosenstein jeff
Sessions and DOJ with all of the other
people out there who could have been
picked as a special counsel why this guy
why pick the guy who had a prior
conflict with the subject oh you know
I'll tell you well Trump wasn't the
subject of the I mean Trump wasn't
subject to the investigation we were
looking at collusion surrounding the
Trump campaign of course they are and if
they're telling you they're not they're
lying to you they are absolutely lying
it and I don't like in government lies
to us now Special K asks the question
everybody wants to know why was there a
special counsel there was no crime
committed well that's what we all want
to know that's what we all want to know
that is what we all want to know when we
found out the dossier was used as the
basis for Muller's investigation more
than history should have been shut down
all right should have been shut down
immediately should have been shut right
down but it wasn't and we've got to ask
a lot of questions about why about why
now Lucas a great question is collusion
a crime now no there is nothing in the
United States code that criminalizes
collusion colluding this means people
cooperate at a table so no this was
always meant to be an impeachment trap
and a perjury trap check nationalist
says check nationalist says where was
that politics has been where was it
because I like that comment politics not
making sense a long time ago yeah did it
did
it really really did but we need to look
at this investigation because it's
destroying lives now I've been
encouraged in the past I've been
encouraged on Ruth makes a good comment
Watergate was a crime this is not yeah
it's true I hate when people compare
this to Watergate the two have nothing
to do with one another
they're not even remotely similar not
even remotely remotely similar good
morning James Gallagher hmm
good morning and so there is no that's
the biggest problem we all have mm
excuse me those of us who analyze this
stuff who work inside law enforcement
there's no crime actually being alleged
here the only crimes were poor man
afford on twelve-year-old financial
crimes and general Flynn and
Papadopoulos on bogus processed crimes
of subjectively misleading investigators
I do not believe general Flynn lied and
that's just me I don't I know the man I
know his family he's a good man I don't
believe he lied now do we
does Muller have other indictments yeah
I think about who he indicted 13
anonymous Russians that'll never see the
inside of a courtroom and 12
intelligence officers who get paid the
hack for a living and interfere like our
people do like the Mossad does like mi6
does like the French do like every other
country does mm-hmm every other country
does free gamma Boonta says Flint is a
patriot it's Flynn FL YNN general Flynn
and I believe he is yes yes the other
thing that I see people out here never
Trump is saying well paying off a porn
star not illegal
even if Trump wrote stormy Daniels a
hundred and thirty million dollar check
not illegal not illegal to make a
business decision to settle a matter to
avoid the press fallout you might not
like it it might be politically damaging
it might not but it's not illegal
nothing about it is illegal if I
want to settle a lawsuit somebody Sue's
me and I've been in business
I'd sued I've been sued oftentimes you
look at what it would cost to fight it
you look at the value of the bad public
relations of a lawsuit in general no
matter who wins you look at the legal
fees and what you might have to pay at
the end and mediation anyway and you say
it's a lot cheaper to just write a check
in the beginning where both parties come
to an agreement where you pay my legal
fees I pay yours and we walk away
happens every day in business nothing
illegal about it nothing illegal about
it nothing but but the you so fair is
the Katis is paying off border is not
illegal that wasn't the point the point
was that he lied about it no which is
none of your business look it's none of
our business what any American whether
they be President and I would say this
about Obama a American has due process
rights under our Constitution for
criminal and civil litigation and in the
United States Code and as the result of
case law one of those sacrosanct rules
is lawyer-client privilege it's not your
business my business nobody's business
what a lawyer and their client discuss I
don't care I don't I don't care what
politicians do in their private life I
don't care I didn't elect Donald Trump
because I thought he was a saint then
vote for him I knew the guy was out
there's a billionaire was a good-looking
guy when he was young very charismatic I
knew he was out there screwing around
we all did he did it on television for
god sakes I didn't elect a saint to the
president at state I elected a killer
good boy no no the kid he did with a
porn star 12 years we don't care
couldn't care less wouldn't care if
Obama did it and it got bogged down and
all the rumors about Obama's personal
life don't care I care what they do in
the office I care what they do in the
office that's it that's it a billionaire
paying off somebody to go away doesn't
affect 130 grand it's a rounding error
Trump's private 757
burns more fuel than that on a trip
across the country it's a rounding error
to a billionaire it didn't even cross
his mind again when he was running for
president right okay so royale season
the way I see it Trump is not a saint
but he is the best president Americans
had for a long time right president for
the right time that's how I see it
because I'm not a Trump sick a fan but I
do believe the man is doing an
outstanding job look six quarters six
quarters of 2.8% GDP growth four point
one percent last quarter an average of
two point eight percent GDP growth over
six quarters Obama only averaged one
point four percent at best
Trump is literally doubling doubling
Obama's economic progress that's what I
care about lowest unemployment numbers
across the board for all races that's
what I care about a safer world that's
what I care about deregulation in the
United States being the largest net
producer and exporter of energy oil
natural gas in the next four to five
years that's what I care about I don't
really care if Donald Trump screwed
around with a porn star and then paid
her off don't care could not care less
no one does
no one does Americans or economic voters
that's why we are just done with this
robert muller thing where we're done
with it we are done absolutely done
we're economic voters we care about our
wallet we like lower taxes we like
deregulation we like business booming we
like 2.8 percent GDP growth quarterly we
love that that's what we want do you
really I mean honestly search deep in
your soul do you really care what
anybody get the president I don't give
us a guy who begs your groceries if it's
the guy who begs your groceries all you
care about is that he doesn't put heavy
stuff on top of the eggs that he doesn't
put glass under heavy stuff and it
crashes in your back so you care about
you just want to know when you go there
he's on his game and he diagnoses you
properly don't do we care who your
doctor is out
we care about the things that affect us
that affect us that's what we care about
that's all we should ever care about
that's where as conservative as I am I'm
very socially libertarian I don't care
who you date who you marry who you sleep
with don't care if I have to do business
with you if you represent me it's do a
good job then you do what you want to do
I don't care if you dress up like my
little pony and that gets your freak on
when you're not doing work for me I
don't care just do a good job for me
when you're doing the job for me that's
all I care about
that's it and that's what we're sick of
this Muller thing it's nonsensical it's
idiotic it's dumb we're investigating
nothing now we're tearing the country
apart Muller is gutting this nation and
he's enabled by the mainstream media so
Trump has a meeting with Arthur
Salisbury jr. or AG Salzburg or whatever
Salzburg er it is now that liberal
family and he and Trump got into a
public clash and Salzburg er said the
president misrepresented a private
meeting with him and violated
off-the-record but the president's the
subject and Trump said on Twitter that
he and Salzburg er had discussed quote
the vast amounts of fake news being put
out by the media and how the fake news
morphed in the phrase enemy of the
people sad
so Sol Berger said that he was troubled
by Trump's anti pres rhetoric Salzburger
also said quote I told the president
directly that I thought his language was
not just divisive but incredibly
dangerous I told him that the although
the phrase fake news is untrue and
harmful I'm more concerned about his
labeling journalists enemy of the people
I warned that his inflammatory language
is contributing to a rise in threats
against journalists and will lead to
violence now sells Berger questioned by
violence do you mean Republicans being
shot at a baseball game Rand Paul being
savagely beaten on his lawn by his
liberal neighbor a young kid
his mega hot ripped off and soda thrown
in his face by an unhinged leftist
weirdo ante for trying to beat people
with bats
oh yeah there's been violence because of
fake news because of you in the liberal
media that's where the violence has been
now I want to go back to another comment
I forget who wrote it but it was good
they said that they do care about the
indoctrination of children liberal
indoctrination of children and remember
you could always super check
you got that icon the little money icon
your comment will pop up so I don't miss
it well the media is indoctrinating
those children yeah there's been there's
been violence yeah the media acts like
an enemy of the people absolutely
there's been a lot of violence you know
why the media is enabled it they do
print fake news fake news isn't a fake
statement there really is fake news we
know that there's a lot of fake news out
there anonymous source anonymous source
anonymous source oops
let retract anonymous source anonymous
source anonymous source oops we made a
mistake that's the definition of fake
news editing video content is the
definition of fake news CBS dan Rather
fake memos written Inuk on a computer in
the production office claiming george w
bush at problems in the military was
fake news 20 years ago or whatever it
was 20 16 years ago how long that was
there's been a ton of fake news and you
notice that the fake news never seems to
affect Democrats or liberals so Saul's
burger doesn't know what he's talking
about screw him it's ridiculous
ridiculous
Hollywood spreads more fake news than
anybody but it is rich it is rich for
Saul's burger the New York Times
publisher to come out and say that that
there's going to be violence they cause
violence every day with false narratives
about about brutal police officers and
praising black lives matter who want
dead cops Chazz 1422 Givens internation
thank you sir he says Donny Deutsch used
his over capitalized media platform to
call all Trump voters Nazi Nazis
extraordinary
claims require extraordinary evidence
says Carl Sagan the astronomer no past
things to enjoy he shows as a kid you're
right look guys like Donny Deutsch
trying to left you know New York ad guy
big in Hollywood wants to be loved very
easy to call people Nazis right very
easy it's disgraceful it's reprehensible
those of us who have had family extended
family of fought in World War two
against the Nazis for the Americans
proudly for the Canadians for the Brits
for the Australians all of my audience
you had relatives extended relatives
friends of relatives fighting in World
War two against the Nazis dying here
every day my audience comes on Scotland
the UK Australia Canada the Allies in
World War two the liberal called and
liberals call you Nazis how disgusting
how reprehensible is that Michael
Corrigan says CNN was practically an
infomercial for Isis in 2016 great
comment they were there were an
infomercial for Isis oh just good
remember Obama said this is giving jobs
and entitlements maybe Isis will stop
killing no you gotta kill Isis you gotta
kill Isis so I I'm seeing something here
that says I don't even know what this
guy's talking about he says uh new
conspirator conspiracy theory claiming
Air Force wasted a Navy missile fired at
Air Force one oh that's a dumb cue thing
oh god no no no why did I even read it
that cueing on moron I don't think maybe
there was a test oh you don't know that
dumb conspiracy theory no the Navy
didn't nobody shot a missile at Air
Force one stop listening to that cueing
on moron it's fake it's this information
alright Scotland's in the house another
ally awesome and Greg McCoy Islands has
leftists or the Nazis yeah they act like
Nazis they act like Nazis
Royalle says Obama fund that arm the
rebels in Syria aka Isis yeah and most
of that I think a good portion that came
through Benghazi look I was talking to a
friend of mine
last night from the intelligence
community we were talking about a
disaster the disaster I should say Obama
was in the Middle East Qaddafi was a
good boy
Qaddafi was a good boy he was
cooperating with America Americans were
getting rich off Gaddafi he didn't wind
up want to wind up like Saddam Hussein
Gaddafi was our bitch
he was our bitch no Q guys is not worth
a look it's fake
I worked in this world it's fake and
everybody real laughs at it laughs at it
you believe some anonymous account that
just telling you what you want to hear
and giving you insane conspiracy
theories but anyway but Qaddafi was our
bitch cuz now if he did whatever we
wanted him to do for some inexplicable
reason Obama and Hillary went in there
and up ended the entire situation got
our people killed in in Benghazi started
dealing weapons to Isis Qaddafi was in
it was totally in check totally in check
Elmo Santiago says housing is available
Elmer I'm 84 at the location we should
get you guys should come in on the back
that was good over thanks for the
donation good blacks blast from the past
I needed that and B you guys I don't
know what Elm is doing he's just
basically putting over the radio and
NYPD speak that his units available if
we need him for anything awesome
let's see Greg McClellan says we will
fight the left to defend America to the
last man in the last bullet trunk 2020
Johnny Five says you know Waco happened
because of Hitler II she was mad because
the news coverage was taken away from
Hillary care she's responsible we'll
look and now I think that happened more
to make a point against guns and it was
a Janet Reno Bill Clinton anti-gun move
at a time when they needed to sell their
assault weapons ban and the country
wasn't having it and it blew up in their
face it just miserably blew up in team
Clinton's face so uh you know I was
talking to some people last night like I
said a friend of mine from
in who was uh in their Special
Operations community a friend of mine
who worked with the intelligence
community here and something people
don't understand and many of you
probably don't know this some of you
might but you remember that calm when
brocco bomb lien Demetri men and said
I'll have more flexibility after my
election do you know what he was talking
about and interesting when the stream
cuts on me very interesting time when
the stream cuts on me what I'm talking
about that so what I was saying is if
you remember that comment when Barack
Obama leaned in to Dimitri Medvedev and
said all the more flexibility after my
election do you know what he was talking
about he was reassuring Medvedev and
asking Medvedev to reassure Putin that
Obama in the United States would not
provide polling with the missile defense
system that's what Obama was reassuring
Russia that's what he was reassuring
Russia on it was sinister it was evil it
was about the most pro-russian thing any
presidents done don't worry we're not
going to protect Poland Russia you have
nothing to worry about if you want to
roll on in or strike Poland from the air
that's what Obama was doing and the
mainstream media buried that part they
buried it they buried it wise to the way
his mother is running the clock that I
believe so I believe what's going on
here is Muller and Rosenstein are
blocking the oj are blocking Congress
they're running the clock Rosen Stein is
hoping Democrats get control of Congress
so he won't be called on on his nonsense
and his obstruction let's say john
zealand doesn't when Greg Trump is gonna
get funding for the wall Paul Ryan at
work a Paul Ryan luckily is out of there
in a few months what are we at all we
need August September October November
to some five months Ryan's out of there
so yep Twitter is
early hanging on they're not gonna get
rid of their cash cow yeah Twitter I
mean Facebook got destroyed in the
market Twitter I don't see how Twitter
hangs on at all they have no at least
Facebook has a definable revenue model
make some sense Twitter has none John
who do I think will be speaker next
hangman John Ruth I'd like to see Jim
Jordan but I think it's gonna be
McCarthy because we still have a lot of
rhinos in there McCarthy is done just
enough pro-trump bidding he's done just
enough fence sitting so I think he's got
the votes right now barring anything big
happening he's the guy Roy ulcers Roy
Earle says Facebook lost billions
Facebook lost 120 billion plus 120
billion plus Johnny Five
I want Jim Jordan but he doesn't have
the votes he's never going to get the
votes from the majority of the chamber
yeah so uh I love Jim Jordan I watch him
yordan but I'm also a pragmatist and
I've got to be an honest analyst for you
guys I can't tell you what you want to
hear I got to give you the analysis on
the data and right now unfortunately it
looks like it'll be McCarthy now I've
interviewed McCarthy I spoken to
McCarthy offline he's a really nice guy
I think he's more conservative than he
lets himself be believe it or not but
he's know Jim Jordan dr. slappy says
Trump needs to make some recess
appointments specifically AG yep
absolutely absolutely absolutely
hmm it's ridiculous will trunk shut down
the federal government how he treated
that he would he said he definitely will
he's not about wasteful spending trey
gowdy should run for something other
than Congress Matt Gauthier says well
he's leaving Congress Trey Gowdy's going
to the private sector he's leaving and
good riddance
he's a lot of bark very little bite
nobody on the right none of us
conservatives are really going to miss
Twitty Michelle now D me show my bail
since I was banned from Twitter
permanently because that girl demi
lovato a skank
but I reported people calling me way
worse than that and nothing happened at
em well it's a private company they love
Hollywood the girl overdosed maybe it
wasn't the best time to insult her you
know I don't know I wouldn't have done
it
I don't like kicking people when they're
down let me libido never did anything to
me she's young she's troubled yeah
Hollywood has problems but I see no
reason to be young girlfriend problem
but that's just me Special K says let's
see Special K says session and Rosenthal
be fired one special counsels wrapped up
going to be too late
got to do it sooner you got to send a
message Cromwell 13 649 says Trump
wasn't going to beat Hillary but he did
maybe Jordan will win - a little
different can't compare it you can't
compare the American electorate to
Congress people these people in Congress
already have their agendas and their
appropriations and all the things they
need to have continue and they feel that
those will continue more effectively
with Jim Jordan than they will with the
Kevin McCarthy than they will with Jim
Jordan it's a little bit different I
understand your point but the whole
election process for speaker much
different than that for president United
States let's let's see Trump should sort
of rival platform to Twitter ways the
present United States can't really start
a business huh and it's not going to
work look Twitter is just too big too
entrenched many like me and media were
dependent on the platform it is what it
is it is what it is mark two-tone says
Facebook is 2 billion users the company
will continue to do well only if they
can continue to sell your data its
advertising is unsustainable
Facebook's value is in the data that's
where all the value is Johnny 5s is
already arrival platform to Twitter it's
called gab gab never took off not user
intuitive only a couple of hundred
thousand people they've got a lot of
those kooky like just people I wouldn't
associate with on their spew and
craziness I have a gab account it's
verified I gave them in the nation and
iam 100 bucks when they started I helped
crowd fund it
they really become something that I
don't to be a part of and the too small
and it's because they went for
sensationalism over quality and they had
a great opportunity to grow but they're
not going to get the traction they need
and it's gonna be no I think gab is
reach critical mass I don't see them
getting any bigger but my opinion but
I'm usually pretty good with that top
secrets is being uncensored as quality
sure in some sense of the word but when
you have people on there spewing some of
the insanity and hate and just you're
not going to get reputable people to be
part of it and you're not gonna bring
the masses with you you just not John
Smith twitter is silencing anyone with a
conservative view yes okay I can't read
your name Priya churn up a Wacka Wacka
wrong there must be a reason why
President Trump is afraid of firing
sessions what's my take and why director
Christopher Rae is doing nothing all
right second question first Christopher
ray is a DOJ lawyer he doesn't really
know how to run the FBI he's paralyzed
with fear I've talking to agents he
sends a lot of memos restricting them
doesn't really know what he's doing
so Ray was the wrong guy why is Trump
afraid to fire sessions you can't get
anybody else confirmed it's a fight he
doesn't need right now in the Senate
he's got to get judge Cavanaugh
confirmed after that let's see what
happens Johnny v is saying free speech
to get work like that that's any I ain't
the product here my desk the more people
buy it it'll be a success you got to
give people a reason to come and I
believe dad killed that reason with some
of the they've allowed onto the platform
many of us who are reputable in media
wouldn't go there because we don't want
our brands tarnished with owner brands
tarnished there are people on gab I
wouldn't want my content alongside
because it would destroy me and I don't
agree with them Michelle my Belle says
Judge Judy Bureau should be AG though
kid yourself I bet the president's
considered that she had some problems
though her husband had some legal issues
years back would probably hurt her
confirmation
mmm Letty
how does congressman john zealand ask me
how does congress grease congressman for
votes so leadership it's a good question
leadership basically goes for them and
says you know like right now paul ryan
his speaker he's gonna say vote for
kevin mccarthy
or you're gonna lose your committee
assignments your appropriations and no
bill that you float will see the light
of day oversimplified version and the
committee chair step in now the
committee chairs had more staying power
right mm-hmm they say to him well Ryan
might be gone but if you don't vote for
McCarthy as Speaker I'm gonna make sure
my committee never hears any of your
issues your bills will never see the
floor because I'll never get through my
committee so Congress has its own little
deep State
don't kid yourself don't kid yourself
and that's how it works and it doesn't
just happen in the US Congress happens
at every state legislature as well and
I'm going to do something here let's see
Billy Breitbart says why don't I likes
free speech I love free speech and it's
my right to not want to do people that
I'm a bum and it's embarrassing that I
would say that a platform like AB should
Beach down then I say they shouldn't be
allowed to engage on free speech on that
platform I love free speech love it I
just also reserve the right to not
associate with people who sound dumb or
hateful or conspiratorial that's my
right the free speech you know many on
the right or as bad as people on the
left if you don't want to spew stupid
conspiracy theories on the right then
you're considered anti free Beach it's
like the left wanting to shut you down
with all operative word in that free
speech thing is free I'm free to do
whatever I want I don't want to deal
with morons I want to be able conspiracy
theorists that's my right
five says according to my metric or
others in the media my brand should
stand and be measured on its own merit
just like any other brand I see what I'm
saying what I'm saying but all that
matters is free speech look I agree with
you
yes judge my brand on its merits on the
quality and accuracy of what I turn out
for you but within that I've got to also
make myself credible and the way I do
that is by not associating with others
in media who I deemed to be
conspiratorial or inaccurate no matter
what side of the aisle they're on no
matter what side they're on
and again that's my writing I'm stifling
your speech and not calling for them to
be shut down look I'll say this I've
beaten up Alex Jones on this show right
I think he's a conspiracy theorist I
found some of his theories reprehensible
I think his shtick is tired and over the
top and he comes off dumb however
however I would fight until the end to
allow him to have his platform because
he has a right to say what he says I may
think it's wrong I might criticize it
maybe he and I will go back and forth
but that's good for you that debate
between me and and Alex Jones or me and
a conspiracy theorist or me and a far
left winger is what you deserve to hear
so while I don't agree with Alex and I
don't like his style I would fight till
the end to make sure he has his platform
I want him to scream and yell and tear
his shirt off and disagree with me and I
want to go back to him with facts I want
you to get both sides of the story I
want you to get both sides of the story
so when they try to silence Alex Jones
for 30 days Facebook that's
reprehensible just because I don't agree
with the guy doesn't mean I want him
silence on the contrary I won't speak
that I want to be able to look B
disagree with him I want it to be an
educational moment for the audience and
then let the audience decide who whose
point of view they believe or prefer
that's what's important so yes I don't
believe in the stifling that Twitter and
Facebook are doing I don't believe in in
the
in the way they're shutting down speech
and they're doing it in very cowardly
they're doing in a very cowardly way
these these algorithms that push key
words in the shadow Manning they don't
have any guts look I would respect Mark
Zuckerberg and Jack Dorsey the guys are
on Facebook and Twitter if they came out
and said we're private companies
conservative speech is not our cup of
tea we're going to censor conservatives
more than liberals that's our policy
deal with it tell your story 2008
election night McCain Obama a couple of
buddies of mine and I went to a bar to
watch the results come in one of them
had recently returned from his third
deployment in Iraq it was very
passionate hardcore conservative he
transitioned out of the Army over to the
Coast Guard so he could be in Florida
his wife and kids and he did a full time
job at the Coast Guard down here doing
more homeland security work good guy
great American were in the bar and he's
getting really loud as the results are
coming in it's the middle of the call
we'd really don't know who's gonna win
and the manager walked over nice guy and
he says hey guys listen we're all this
is a Democrat bar were a liberal place
where Obama fans so you're kind of
making people uncomfortable need to
throw us out didn't but he made us for
this unknown and I turn around to the
guy said hey man all good thanks for the
heads-up shook his hand paid the check
came a nice tip and we left and went to
a place down the street that didn't have
a political bang now I don't agree
politically with that manager and he
didn't ask us to leave and our service
was great and our food was good and the
waitress was smiling and joking with us
about it but it was our call we chose
not to be in a place that didn't fit our
ideology and he was man enough to like a
man walk up to me and say hey man we
disagree on this it's uncomfortable for
us it's uncomfortable for you just a
heads up it wasn't they didn't do like
cowardly things they didn't hold our
drinks back or mess our order up or spit
in our food or tell us they didn't have
something they had or
serve the table next to us they were
professional about it it was a
mom-and-pop bar establishment it was his
bar he was manager and owner actually it
was his right to say it
it was our right to choose to say no if
you wanted it to go but no I mean it's
not it be Facebook and do it that way
more power to him more power to him
and hopefully by tomorrow we'll have
these uh stream problems fixed hopefully
by tomorrow we will now Merck dad says
what sort of business man tells his
customers that he doesn't like their
politics
I'm pretty tupid one I'd say or really
smart one because he knew his crowd he
was going for a certain crowd in a
certain this area is really like it's on
the it's on the ocean it's a little
beachy known as a blue area very liberal
he knew his crowd his place is very
successful been there for years good
food nice size drinks he knows his crowd
he plays to them so in my opinion he's a
pretty smart businessman because we were
in a really really blue pocket it just
so happened that the girlfriend of one
of the guys used to work there she had a
lot of friends who work there she was a
political that's why we went there that
was it but point is it was his right
whether you don't like the way he does
business or like the way he does
business it was his right to say it and
he was honest about it he was honest
about it
hangman John Ruth says we had more more
respect for each other's view ten years
ago after Obama had all changed yeah I
tend to think Obama polarized the nation
I tend to agree with you Vito Anthony
pieces I have nice t-shirt it's not
crazy about the skullenbones one but
they're interesting yeah but that one is
a Fender guitar she says the spirit of
rock and roll not like any Illuminati
hidden message thanks man appreciate it
Merc Matt says no never smart you've run
clubs but know how to keep a crowd happy
but it says another that the customers
is stupid well if you knew this
particular neighborhood it's really not
because this particular neighbor
went for a while at 85 and it's a
neighborhood place a lot of people walk
there off the beach
so he really was playing to his crowd
believe me
make me a cake or else Billie Breitbart
says yeah so Roy oral the FBI has some
very good personnel some weeding needs
to be done yes they do I had dinner a
couple of weeks back with an FBI agent
solid guy former Army Ranger he and the
guys he works with are mortified
they hate Peter Strock they hate Andrew
McCabe hate him
that she said Comey treated them well
they go out and he just left him alone
he left the street agents alone they're
they're disgusted by what he did now but
I said as a director he let cops be cops
they actually liked them John Zeeland
has we don't have a rebel t-shirt I
don't we have to get some made good idea
good idea all right
Illuminati Vito Anthony D says that's
exactly what I was thinking I thought
the Fender guitar was a disguise for a
cross bone no no no no no no furu
Zuccotti this I love this troll
hilarious uh people are backing a failed
reality TV host over your own FBI well
not really failed Donald Trump The
Apprentice was the top-rated show on NBC
for 14 seasons so he not really failed
not really failed hmm Frio County Blues
Facebook should be dissolved
why why they employ many many people
people use the service and like it we
know their political bent and the market
smacked Zuckerberg in the face why does
all of them
Josef Dunbar FBI and DOJ need to be
eradicated no they don't the bad people
within those agencies need to be fired
let's see let's see Jim Watson's of the
Obama was a Muslim plant surely America
realizes this by now well he's gone
now I think Obama was really a religious
I don't think Obama had a religious
ideology I think Obama's godless to be
honest with you I really do
why is there the way that's a great
question well Congress keep swinging the
pendulum left yeah I believe Congress
will keep swinging the pendulum left and
the reason is big government loves big
government right the bigger government
is the more power Congress has
unfortunately unfortunately and big
government loves big government big
government baguettes big government it's
unfortunate but it is what it is you
know it is what it is Alec's naming her
ass on I Canadian no I'm American I am
an American host for the rebel born in
New York and live down in South Florida
now for about almost 15 years but I am
their American guy couple of us here
you've got a man to head doesn't
Hollywood conservative segments Kirk
Schlichter where all the American team
for the rebel let's see what we got
when will victim culture identity
politics end but when the Democratic
Party goes away because that's all
they've got that is all they've got let
me run back through some more of your
comments in the last few minutes we have
here about the day flew by is flies by
oh yeah Jimmy be good comment Ruth Bader
Ginsburg says she's got five more years
left in her I know terrifying thought
isn't it but you know what that it tells
me
that Trump is gonna win again and
hopefully tomorrow fix our stream for
your County likes the show so I'm doing
a fine job
thank you for you old school warrior
says I'm every to Canada soon god no I
love Florida I'm done with the cold man
I like Canada it's a beautiful country
Toronto's a great city I have a great
time when I go up there and I'm done
with the snow I like my palm trees I
like being able to scuba diving scuba
dive quite a bit like being able to do
that in the winter I like South Florida
I'm a happy happy guy let's see
pug Mahone so this is the cretak party
facing extinction well well I hope so
and I think they continue their slide
toward socialism with people like Acacio
Cortez they may very well be but I don't
know if they course-correct and they go
more toward the Jim Webb's in the Conner
lands there's going to be a rejuvenated
revitalize Democratic Party John Zeeland
says Romo Hazzard Ruth Bader Ginsburg is
not a great help well she's 85 years old
so we'll see but apparently she's been
pretty good help Dee McGee says am i
near Tampa no I'm on the southeast part
of the state southeast side of the state
let's see the UK has Sharia in every
major city in many small towns
especially in northern England yeah the
UK does have some problems Merck mad so
they live in Queensland it's Florida
without gangs now where I live is we
don't have gangs that's um that gang
activity is in certain parts of Miami
down near homestead florida the west
side of Palm Beach County if you're east
along the coast where I am it's pretty
nice it's pretty nice my area where I
live is has one of the lowest crime
rates in the United States and the only
crime we really have our vehicle
break-ins occasionally things like that
Copa da so says which New York New York
New York born in Queens lived in
Manhattan was a cop and abroad well born
in Brooklyn grew up in Queens lived in
Manhattan was a cop in the Bronx every
borough but Staten Island I hope Obama
come back to help the Democrats in the
next election that would definitely
finish the party off special Kay yeah I
agree well Obama a Nicasio Cortez Billy
Costas is Ginsberg couldn't even stay
awake three years ago during Obama's
State of the Union address well in
fairness to her Obama was given that
speech so in fairness to her Obama was
the one giving that speech let's see
what else we got the Obama announced the
2008 when he on his Middle East tour
there was no future for those who insult
the Prophet of Islam yeah he did he was
pandering
he was pandering hang man John Ruth's my
family is all down in Florida too many
big bugs and damn reptiles way too big
well that's true we have big bugs
we have reptile I live in a townhouse
but close to the water and
three-quarters of a mile from downtown
of one of the major cities and I could
literally walk to downtown and go to the
bars and restaurants and we have so much
wildlife there's a monkey a vervet
monkey colony hi my neighborhood there's
I've lizards all over my yard raccoons
possums snakes not Gators we don't get
Gators east but not in my neighborhood
anyway but you go a little bit west as
Gators a lot of wildlife in Florida a
lot of wildlife haha Johnny Five says
don't advertise a lack of crime where I
live the DNC will fix that I'm not even
saying exact grass haha the Miami area
put it that way let's see
perfect spot Royale says that you the
city I lived in downtown I lived in the
Brickell area of Miami for 11 years
right in the city reminded me a lot of
Manhattan it was great traffic just
became insane insane construction and
traffic it's a wonderful place to live
and I wanted a house you know a little
bit of a yard and I have dogs and it
just was time to move was long past time
to move but it was great living there
Dee McGee says to another guitar cord on
my shirt I have no idea enlighten me
let's
he must be a proud American as he Trump
leading my nation yes I am well I've
always been a proud American Merc bad
you have biting bugs and crocodiles
poisonous snakes but still no gangs good
point you get those big crocodiles Merc
Matt says Ocala is the home a big Daddy
Don Garlits the drag racer yeah it is
Oh Cal is about beautiful area by the
way and it's we have some hills and
whatnot Nigel thanks to the donation
free Jeremy Bamber UK 33 years of
injustice I told you don't know about
the K enough about the case but no
evidence I'm seeing is really making me
believe that you know this guy needs
advocacy yet you know Ocala Merc matt is
beautiful it's one of the few places in
Florida we have rolling hills we have
horse farms they're really pretty part
of the state about four and a half
depending on traffic four and a half
five hours northwest of South Florida
southeast Florida pa Center Racing Casey
and Barletta Casey Moe's go he has not
done a thing for PA vote Barletta yam
back in Barletta in that race as well
I'm back in Barletta in that race as
well Michael Corrigan says my dad loves
that guy drag racing when I was a kid he
always talked about and Don Garlits
famous drag racer blast in the past
let's see who will it ultimately be up
to to swing the pendulum back to the
right if Congress goes to the left wise
to the way says who it's always up to
the American people that I ever see Tim
Tebow play football in Florida no I
never saw Tebow play live a University
of Florida where he played is in
Gainesville that's about three and a
half four hours north sort of middle
west west north middle of the state not
far from the Ocala area actually and
nope never saw him play live well it's
about that time
better wrap it up this hour flew by love
being with you guys tomorrow morning
guys I'm pretty sure that I won't be
able to change the appointment I really
want to get these stream issues fixed
and they're going to come in about 7:30
they're going to essentially disconnect
everything and putting new and I want to
figure all this out so I'll keep you
posted on Twitter if we're gonna have a
show right now I'm saying we're probably
not because I really need to get these
stream issues corrected but if that
change
if I can get them in later tonight or
later tomorrow then I'll post it up on
Twitter that we will have a show
tomorrow if not though I will see you
Wednesday if something changes I'll see
you back here tomorrow at 7:30 thanks
for watching great comments today let's
double up and tell your friends I want
to get this audience I want to get the
audience grow in here guys need your
help on that you have a great one I will
be back with you either tomorrow or
Wednesday with a much better stream
