and in the department have really really
bad timing and off the chart and
sensitivity the powers-that-be are
giving a mentally-ill cop-killer a
conditional discharge because hey folks
what could possibly go wrong
on the evening of January 11th 2011 in
Toronto Richard catch-car stole a pickup
truck equipped with a snow plow it was
far more than a mere joyride catch car
ended up running over Toronto Police
Sergeant Ryan Russell who was trying to
prevent catch car from doing harm to
others sergeant Russell paid for his
heroism with his life in 2013 a jury
decided catch-car was in a psychotic
state when he stole that truck and
killed sergeant Russell as such catch
car was found not criminally responsible
and was sent to live at the Ontario
shore center for mental health services
well at least the public will remain
safe from any other catch-car outbursts
as long as he's confined at Ontario
shores right wrong because it was just
decided by our oh so sensitive justice
system that it is high time to release
kashgar back into general society oh
sure it's a conditional release
catch-car is barred from consuming
alcohol and he can't carry weapons or
use non-medical drugs and I'm sure
someone who suffers from psychotic
outbursts will obey those conditions
right down to the letter of the law but
although I hate to be a killjoy here
isn't there something a teeny tiny bit
wrong with this picture because just a
few days prior to cash car receiving his
conditional discharge Toronto
experienced yet another bout of terror
namely Faisal Hussain murdered 10
year-old Julianna kosis and 18 year-old
Reece Fallon he also injured 13 others
par for the course given that mr.
Hussein is a Muslim we must be
culturally sensitive when looking for
motives and linking such people to any
acts of terrorism and so it was that we
were all told in a very polished
statement written by God knows who that
the 29 year old Hussain struggled with
mental illness for many years and oh how
the Monday Morning Quarterback spreaded
if only we could have somehow intervened
early in Hussein's life
if only we could have arranged to give
this young man with the million-dollar
smile as the CBC likes to describe him
the treatment he so desperately needed
then maybe this horrific incident on the
Danforth could have been prevented that
Julianne and Rhys would still be alive
that 13 fewer Hospital that beds would
be occupied yeah
could have would have should have but
hang on just a second here for one
Niemann speculate about the sort of
things
Richard catch-car is capable of we know
we can descend into a psychotic state
and he did so seven years ago with
deadly consequences
just ask the widow of Sergeant Russell
as well as his young son Nolan who now
has no father yet incredibly just seven
years after killing sergeant Russell in
just a couple of days after her Saints
mental illness were supposedly to blame
for ruining the lives of so many other
innocent Torontonians
mr. catch-car is going to be a free man
what the hell then again what do I know
the interior review Board believes
catch-car is at a low risk to act out
violently and what guarantee do we have
of this fervent belief becoming
full-fledged reality well sorry suckers
read the fine print there is no
guarantee just feel good wishful
thinking that catch car won't go off his
meds and off the rails anytime soon
indeed a Toronto Star story quotes Karen
DeFreitas the medical director of
forensic psychiatry at Ontario shores
who stated the following quote there's
no such thing as perfect security but
people can be assured that the person
has been thoroughly assessed and vetted
end quote
feeling better folks this shrink says
there's no such thing as perfect
security but by going by catch cars
history we know what he can do and what
he might do again yet d4e ettus is
nevertheless willing to roll the dice at
the expense of public safety in Vegas I
think they would call this a bad bet a
really bad bet regardless the shrink
goes on to add quote I under
stand the frustration but when a person
is not criminally responsible for their
actions it's about rehabilitation and
not punishment end quote
okay now we get it everyone is worthy of
a second chance even though there shall
be no second chance for sergeant Russell
and his family will forever be scarred
by his absence nice speaking of which
sergeant Russell's Widow Christine had
this to say about cash car quote he
killed somebody it's not a light matter
and I know the board members are very
careful with their decision-making but
they don't think any of them have had to
walk in our shoes and know the hell
we've gone through there are no
guarantees this could not happen again
end quote but apparently her Victim
Impact Statement fell on deaf ears oh
and another thing if the tall foreheads
and the bleeding heart liberals have it
wrong about catch-car which is to say if
he ever acts out violently again do you
think any of his cheerleaders and the
system will be penalized will they be
reprimanded will they lose their jobs of
course they won't they'll just chalk up
their flawed prognosis - well hey win
some lose some right in the final
analysis if the driving force behind
mass shooters these days is indeed
mental illness as opposed to adhering to
some sort of toxic ideology as we are
increasingly being told by those in
charge how can we ever truly hope to
protect ourselves from such insanity
given that even when we catch and
confine individuals carrying out such
mayhem and murder the justice system
embraces a catch-and-release philosophy
in which a get-out-of-jail-free card is
always available all in the name of
second chance sensitivity because hey
folks in case you didn't get the memo
even murderous maniacs have rights too
you know for the rebel media I'm David
the men's ID Menzies hey folks the
Breville has a new app please download
that app and take the rebel with you
wherever you go
you
