maybe you love Tom Brady maybe a Hatem
or maybe you love to hate them along
with the rest of the New England
Patriots but does Tom Brady deserve to
be fat shamed well love them or loathe
them millions would contend that Tom
Brady is the NFL's greatest quarterback
of all time oh I can already feel the
heat percolating just from uttering such
a statement but even if you're a Brady
hater the fat shaming abuse Brady
recently received online thanks to a
photo of him in a swimsuit is equal
parts preposterous and mind-boggling
first things first here's that
contentious photo of Brady along with
his supermodel wife Gisele Bundchen
while vacationing in Costa Rica don't
know about you but I don't think Brady's
body is a disaster quite the opposite
actually and if anyone needs a reality
check on the state of physiques in North
America these days kindly visit people
of walmart.com for the full Horror Show
and yet so many online comments are
blitzing Brady for him being out of
shape and flabby and fat par for the
course most of the commentary comes from
anonymous commentators who neglected to
post photos of themselves and swimwear
attire I wonder if that would change the
discussion somewhat in any event here's
a sampling jason fig Adele writes quote
i'm old and out of shape and somehow
look just as good as tom brady end quote
really care to send along a pic for
verification jason meanwhile sam burger
writes quote wait this is Brady's body
that looks like my body not expecting my
superhero to look like me
end quote again photo verification would
be quite jolly here but mister burger
does touch upon something profound
namely the idea that a Super Bowl
winning quarterback should sport a
stereotypical superhero physique you
know a body was 0% fat mass and rippling
with muscles and of course that do
riggers six-pack
yet why should the measure of a
quarterback or any other athlete for
that matter be based on how he or she
looks shouldn't judgment be based on
performance on the field to play which
is to say what does it matter if Tom
Brady doesn't quite resemble Superman
given that his fingers are adorned with
five Super Bowl rings thanks to his
ability to throw lasers on the gridiron
or is maybe fat shaming an acceptable
way of mocking someone today whereas
mocking based on race religion gender
sexual orientation all that is
increasingly offside artist Kiva Bay
recently asked people to share the quote
the big fat shaming moment from the
people end quote that stuck with them
through the years it led to a discussion
about moments and television shows
movies and games some people wouldn't
have given a second thought but others
were never able to forget for example
one respondent noted that quote all the
humans have gotten fat thing from wall-e
bothered me so much that it became the
inspiration for my bachelor's thesis end
quote then again maybe turnabout is fair
play
woman after all have been judged based
on their looks and so forever so perhaps
when an NFL star like Brady has given
the gears based on his physique this is
yet another telltale sign in our gender
equity world of 2018 that the himbo is
now occupying the same turf as the bimbo
but if anything the Brady body shaming
which I maintain is completely
unjustified is also a statement on how
easy it is for people to state things on
social media while donning the cloak of
anonymity all of which gives them the
ability to say things they would never
say to a person's face which speaks more
to cowardice than anything else oh and
by the way I say this as someone who
under this shirt is sporting a washboard
stomach it just happens to have about 20
pounds of laundry on it right now
for the rebel dog media
i'm david the men's i'd menzies hey
folks the Breville has a brand new app
please download that app and take the
Rebel with you wherever you go
you
