what is the mark of a leader what
actions would you want the person you've
entrusted with your safety to make well
the actions Trump has taken in regards
to Andrew Brunson the American pastor
now imprisoned in Turkey shows that no
geopolitical maneuver is more important
than a single American abandoned and
alone will we ever get tired of winning
I sure won't I'm Ben Davies this is pure
Hollywood first off to describe this
event as it unraveled we must first talk
about the setting Turkey a country so
mired in corruption in scandals I don't
have time to go into its little brush
through we'll begin on the alleged coup
attempt from 2013 where the president
was using all kinds of abuses of power
to stop said coup and then a video was
released the video on YouTube showed
audio of the president and his son
conspiring to move millions upon
millions of dollars different houses and
business owners and of course this
wonderful leader in government did the
only thing you do when you're innocent
according to the BBC you shut down 113
media outlets you arrest about 1,700
military officers and detain almost
16,000 people in your country one of
which was Andrew Brunson Oh call me a
feather and blow me away if I don't
trust a government abandoning all rule
of law to keep its meager grip on power
and Andrew Brunson has made it clear
he's innocent with no evidence to show
that he was a terrorist trying to take
down the government in spite of this he
has already been held in jail for over
two years and would face up to 35 years
in a Turkish prison and it's situations
like this was not media coverage or
praise being heaped on you that show the
true mark of an actual leader because
I'll be honest in Brunson's situation I
would start to lose hope seeing all the
injustice around me in Turkey and having
President Obama going around to
apologize to every single nation for
Americans siding with dictators over his
people giving them free money to make
matters worse I would start to lose hope
when the American media the press who's
supposed to speak for the people to
speak truth to power would post
puff-piece garbage like the New York
Times in their article quote Obama
support of Etta Wan is a stark reminder
of turkeys value to the US unquote and
that's your press praising this
situation after you've already been
imprisoned by this man's government they
bury the lead on all the atrocities that
have happened
when the press are shackled to the gross
fetishistic praise that's required of
any left-leaning journalist I would lose
hope in brunson situation I would lose
hope if my president was a coward
thankfully President Trump in spite of
all his flaws is no coward he is an
American and in spite of all the attacks
levied against him constantly even with
all the negotiations going on around the
world involving millions of moving parts
the most powerful leader on earth
remembers you demanding that a corrupt
government bend the knee and let you
free and tell me you think he was doing
this for the cameras as any media outlet
really covering this no and after
president Trump's threats andrew has
been released from prison allowed to
stay in home arrest
now Brunson has not been sent back to
America yet but Trump was clear that is
not good enough and I cannot wait to see
what happens next
he'll be the first to say I was a
skeptic when it came to the new Trump
administration however actions speak
louder than words and they certainly
speak louder than any corrupt media rat
who is shrieking the darkness because
they're afraid of losing their own grip
on power or damaging their own broken
moral compass let me tell you what
action is action is after decades of a
dictator showing no ground giving no
remorse for holding your citizens inside
their prison states and after several
administrations have failed action is
president Trump mocking this dangerous
dictator and saying no you don't get to
lick my boot until you let the Americans
go and guess what little rocket man
caves before Trump even lets
negotiations begin that's a leader
that's the kind of person I would want
in my corner to not treat you like a
piece in a giant collective machine but
rather as an individual with inalienable
rights i president to roll back
regulations to give me more freedom in
the world that I'm living in stimulating
the economy so me and my family can have
a prosperous future
that's a president that I want in my
children's corner to fight for them to
protect them from dangers both foreign
and domestic you know to do the only
things that president is supposed to do
I'm Ben Davies this is pure Hollywood
all right so if you enjoyed that video
please consider becoming a premium
member to the rebel that way you have
first access to pure Hollywood and the
entire rebel lineup
you
