but that's the thing about Donald Trump
he will meet with anyone to try to make
a deal with anyone if it advances his
interest and for the past five hundred
and fifty days that means advancing
America's interests and so it was with
John Claude drunker it doesn't matter
that Donald Trump probably hates him as
much as ISIL Faraj does it doesn't
matter that we know for a fact
Trump hates the EU Trump has a mission
advance America's trade interests he was
threatening the European Union with huge
tariffs and other sanctions because they
exclude us goods and services and more
to the point Trump has proven that he's
not bluffing when it comes to a trade
war not only has he been talking about
fighting back with tears for decades but
he's done it
taking on mighty China so Juncker and
the rest of the milk took beer
milquetoast bureaucrats at the EU
probably risk-averse probably nervous
Nellie's when they see Trump who they
surely despise to who they think is a
wild cowboy erratic dangerous he comes
up and says open up your countries to
American goods or we will block you
European goods from America and they
believe his threats the whole anti Trump
media the whole anti Trump commentariat
they were saying the Trump don't do it
don't threaten the trade war don't bring
in tariffs that will hurt us all and of
course they're right Trump cutting back
trade with Europe would hurt everyone
but it would hurt Europe much much more
than it would hurt America that's having
a surging economy right now and so the
Europeans blinked they blinked and they
didn't you know they didn't cave into
America it was bilateral it was
symmetrical both sides will now have
freer trade it's truly what Trump talks
about a level playing field
yeah they reduce more berries because
they had more berries but it's equal
access vote for both sides amazing here
watch this already today the United
States and the European Union have a one
trillion dollar bilateral trade
relationship the largest economic
relationship anywhere in the world we
want to further strengthen this trade
relationship to the benefit of all
American and European citizens this is
why we agree today first of all to work
together toward zero tariffs zero
non-tariff
and zero subsidies on non auto
industrial goods thank you well the
stock market surged in the wake of an
announcement they were nervous about a
trade word they're celebrating this
trade deal record highs for the Dow
Jones and look at this hilarious picture
of Joker kissing Trump I don't know if
she was drunk or sober maybe a bit of
both
maybe just relieved that he's not in a
fight with Trump Juncker kissed Trump
and Trump thought it was a funny enough
moment that he tweeted it look what he
wrote
it is funny he said obviously the
European Union is represented by Juncker
and the United States is represented by
yours truly love each other tell me
that's not funny
tell me that's not funny that is funny I
wonder what Nigel frost linked to that
Trump has the best of all worlds he gets
to insult the European when he wants to
he gets a trade deal from them when he
wants to he gets the photo-op to Nigel
for us so far I like Nigel Frost but he
only has one of those three America
first hey can we get a bit attacked yeah
can we get a bit of the Canada first
action as it may be Justin Trudeau could
get a deal with Trump too we are far
more reliant on the US market than the
Europeans are we are far more vulnerable
through a trade war with Trump than the
Europeans are Trump specifically has
threatened our auto sector with a 27
percent tariff that would kill 160,000
jobs in Ontario almost immediately
saying the Canadian banks so why doesn't
Trudeau just go down to the White House
like Juncker did swallow his pride like
Juncker did and get a deal with Trump
like jean-claude Juncker did that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the yeas
relevant show no one leaves behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube
if you want to subscribe to watch the
daily show every day including always
two interviews a day and I read my hate
mail just click on this screen and
become a Premium Member
you
