all right as welcome to declassify live
it's Friday
oh god so so happy about that so happy
about it being Friday I have got a lot a
lot to talk to you guys about today more
than I thought I would more than I
thought I would we've got so much going
on not the least of which is this AB sir
lutely I mean when I say absolutely
absolutely
moronic absolutely moronic rod
Rosenstein and robert muller scandal
this is I call it a scandal and it's a
scandal because what Muller is now doing
what Muller is now doing is nothing
short of odd a criminal unethical
biased way outside the scope of his
investigation where to begin I mean
really where to begin
it's um I don't know I don't know I mean
I I've been following this case and I
want to tweet out a link for the show
you know on Twitter because with this
new format with this new format I can't
I can't give you the link in advance
we're trying to cut down on the
streaming issues but it's very difficult
to give you the link in advance to the
show so I wanted to put that out there
while we're alive hello prim pal o8 so
anyway for all you guys just joined
talking about the Muller investigation I
typically rant on it but story broke
yesterday and it is about worse than
steam yet so then your times that a few
others ran with it the usual suspects
media Daily Beast I'm gonna go to my
Twitter let me find the
relevant section here so the gist of it
basically is that robert muller has been
going on now unfettered for about a year
right well now it appears that Muller's
new mission
Muller's new mission hey everybody Sahad
mom here I don't hate you I don't hate
you Diane is asking anything new on
Tommy now the judge said they'd make a
decision by the end of the month on
Tommy Robinson the end of the month is
coming up that's all we know
stick to Ezra Ezra's a show and feed for
info on Tommy he's got the best he's got
the best info on that but there's
nothing new I spoke Katie Hopkins I'm
watching Ezra you know as much as
everybody knows right now they said
they'd have a decision by the end of the
month that's coming up quickly I want to
talk about Muller
so Muller's new mission now apparently
his new mission is to find obstruction
of justice issues with Trump by going
through Trump's tweets because
apparently Muller scope now includes
investigating Trump's tweets because
Trump tweeted mean things about Muller's
friends I've never seen anything like
this I have never seen anything like
this seriously Muller is going to now
there's a really relevant excerpt in the
New York Times story let me find it cuz
I tweeted it yesterday
I pulled the the excerpt out okay in The
New York Times story it says quote mr.
Muller
will stitch together several episodes
encounters and pieces of evidence like
the tweets to build a case that the
president embarked on a broad effort to
interfere with the investigation so now
notice it's no longer obstruction of
justice because you can't obstruct
justice when there's no underlying crime
now it's to interfere with the
investigation and he's using tweets
Robert Muller is using tweets because
apparently the president is a 17-year
old girl the entire thing the entire
thing is ludicrous
this is moronic but again
and I ask the question every day where
is the United States Attorney General
where where is the US Attorney General
we don't appear to have one rod
Rosenstein is our Attorney General but
it is not abundantly clear to Americans
that Jeff Sessions is the Attorney
General nor does he act like one
Nora I'm just livid I mean I'm just
disgraced at what I see here I really am
so we've got Muller he operates
unfettered now we've got this moron
Michael Cohen out there keeping people
well Michael Cohen apparently also taped
himself talking to Chris Cuomo from
Siena
but Chris Cuomo and CNN refused to
report that however the mainstream media
don't report any any and not
how small beans is asking a slow Walker
or slow talker where's Jeff now then
please do not believe these slow walking
theories
that's not how investigations work
that's being put out there by a bunch of
morons who want to think there's
something going on behind the scenes
they want to think they're right and
they get something we don't I was an
investigator you complete an
investigation as quickly as possible
while being thorough because you don't
want the bad guys to do more bad things
there's a you don't slow walk things so
you can take down the deep state that's
not happening not happening so uh you
know we've got some fine all right
there is no there is nothing illegal
about and I don't know why the stream is
is so bad we have a really fast up time
right now I'm gonna run another speed
test but it's something going on between
us in YouTube here there is there is a
Jeff Sessions is compromised somebody's
got something on you have sessions all
right the United States Attorney General
does not just disappear the United
States does not just disappear Jeff
Sessions is compromised rod Rosenstein
and robert muller are running the
Department of Justice and that's
incredibly incredibly problematic
because that is not what Congress
approved look what Congress confirmed
and we're again we're having a lot of
trouble here and I just don't know why
we're our our our our speed is great I
just I'm refreshing the web here it's
nothing but fast we are we are dialing
in dialing in 78596 we're running the
stream directly from YouTube itself and
I'm running a speed test as I talked to
you guys and I'm getting in the hundreds
down and and very very fast up speeds I
mean my the web here is absolutely
absolutely blazing over
broadcast-quality so I have no idea why
we're having strain problems but uh the
but but this whole mother thing is
really has me me troubled because a
special counsel is given very narrow
parameters right special counsel the the
government powers that be now I find
special counsels unconstitutional anyway
and special counsel is by definition
supposed to operate within a very narrow
scope use you don't want them being a
shadow Department of Justice right which
is what mall is becoming so Muller's
scope Tom King I just saw your comment
about Trump's tweets and remember if you
want your comments to jump out at me
just donate we've got a little dollar
sign icon down there you can help keep
the show going increase our production
quality I'll get a cool background but
throw a couple of bucks our way and it
goes right into the show but Muller's
scope was supposed to be collusion
collusions not even a crime so that was
dumb but really it should have been
conspiring conspiracy with the russians
to rig the election because there's
nothing illegal about the Trump campaign
team meeting with a Russian who's in the
US illegally at Trump Tower to discuss
whether or not they have dirt on the
opposing candidate that's called
opposition research happens every day in
politics perfectly legal perfectly
perfectly legal now you can't say in the
same breath that Hollywood liberals
tweeting about pedophilia or jokes and
First Amendment protect it and you can't
take treats seriously but then say Trump
should be impeached because he tweets
and his tweets are that amount to
obstruction injustice can't have it both
ways so Tom King put a comment here he
said basically I think Trump should not
tweet he leaves himself open anything
and everything some people just
shouldn't tweet and he is one of them it
should be a part of security that he
does not I could not disagree more
Trump's tweets or the way he
communicates the American people I love
it he needs to keep doing it he should
never stop tweeting because saying I
should have hired a different attorney
general he's not equivalent
- obstruction of justice in fact the
assertion that it is is just dumb on the
part of robert muller and others it's
ridiculous it is absolutely ridiculous
and we're gonna see more of this though
we're gonna see much much more of this
now like I've let's go back to the point
at hand though so Muller scope was
supposed to be narrow right conspiring
with Russians to rig an election people
call the collusion collusion isn't a
crime conspiracy is well that expanded
to something whether or not Trump people
paid off a pornstar hmm well that is an
illegal either and that's got nothing to
do with the election
now it's whether Trump's tweets were
obstructing justice in an investigation
that was predicated upon a bad Faisal
warrant and a false dossier under in
which there was no underlying crime hmm
hmm I I don't I don't have nowhere to go
with that now JT says this qa9 crap that
Jeff Sessions is in control and as a
secret plan is garbage and demoralizing
you know I thought this cue moron was a
kid in his parents basement but I'm
beginning to think that it's something
more nefarious that it's a foreign actor
who's playing people because they want
Muller to take down Trump so by telling
you they're a super secret government
agent you listen to them with this trust
the plan nonsense and you don't make too
much noise
and you don't make too many waves and
you let Muller
you're getting played by somebody if you
buy into this cue nonsense
you're getting played now people don't
anything number one you got to remember
something while all this is going on
around the administration there are
still terror cases drug cases against
the cartels organized crime cases they
would all have sealed indictments as
well crime is still happening the FBI
the DEA the ATF Homeland Security
they're all still investigating federal
crimes working with the US Attorney's
Office and sealing indictments so those
sealed indictments you see in the DC
district and elsewhere many of them have
nothing to do nothing to do with Trump
with Russia but so when people tell you
when people tell you oh those sealed
indictments mean that humor in sessions
are taken down Hillary now it could be
that the ATF took down the outlaws
motorcycle gang or DEA he's got sealed
indictments on cartels or the FBI on
counter terror or white-collar crime JT
says where is Jeff sessions where is our
wall both great questions
Jeff sessions I have no idea the wall I
know is in the RFP stage now which is
requests for proposals finding the
vendors doing the environmental impact
studies doing the engineering piece
that's in play now that's what those
sealed indictments mean then there was
the other Jeff Sessions quietly hired
300 to go after Hillary 300 you know we
didn't a usa's know the DOJ had people
leave had people go to the private
sector had people retire so like every
other agency they've had to just hire
some new people many of those people
will never even see the DC field office
hardly any of those people will see this
case and they'll they're more senior
they're gonna go work on organized crime
and drugs and guns and bank robberies
and all the other stuff DOJ prosecutes
the entire this the the the bad
information out there and JT thanks for
the super chat donation much appreciated
the entire
narrative that Cuba now let me explain
this guy Huber okay because there's a
lot of misinformation about humor people
go you don't get it Jeff Sessions did
appoint a special counsel John Huber
they're taken down Hillary no no
Huber is a US attorney from Utah
he works for rod Rosenstein okay
he still reports to rot Rosenstein all
they did with Huber Huber is a special
prosecutor not a special counsel special
counsel operates outside the OJ special
prosecutor is merely a US attorney whose
geographical scope is extended all right
so that's all Huber is here was just the
guy who's the US attorney in Utah who
works for rod Rosenstein ultimately all
right make no mistake who they said you
could also operate in DC in case we find
anything you know that was that was done
to shut you up that was done to shut you
up so that you said Jeff Sessions
appointed John Huber they're taking
everybody down sealed indictments no not
at all
it was a dog-and-pony show designed to
shut you up because Jeff Sessions is
terrified of rod Rosenstein JT donation
for dropping the truth thanks uh and and
Huber was is doing nothing Huber was
there much like trey Gowdy he barks and
barks and barks and barks in these
congressional committees but there's no
bite Huber's not gonna bite anybody
because ultimately in the chain of
command reports the Rosenstein
Rosenstein is not going to let him
Keywest 100 says i said the
investigation and shortly after the
midterms i don't know i don't know about
that
i don't know i think they might want to
damage Trump into the 2020 general one
thing is for certain look Muller's found
molars found no evidence of collusion
none and even if he did it wouldn't be
illegal moe
operating way outside his scope far
outside his scope but Muller is now at a
place where he's gonna take tweets and a
conversation over here and an email over
here and a meeting over here and he's
going to essentially concoct a crime it
is gonna concoct a crime he's going to
attempt to say Trump did all these
things I can't charge him with anything
but he shouldn't be president anymore
and that's all this was ever designed to
be right this was only ever designed to
be either a perjury that's what they
want Trump to go in a perjury trap or an
impeachment rap that's it you know said
hero asks an interesting question should
we be asking if there were any FISA
warrants on Jeff Sessions yeah I believe
we should be asking that question I
believe we should be asking that
question
Joseph Reid says Twitter will tank necks
I'm gonna be talking about Facebook
stock drop in a little bit it was
incredible it was incredible so did Vito
Anthony D we're gonna talk about that in
a second but there's Muller this Muller
probe is more important because we're
witnessing in real time and in front of
our faces of soft cool against the
President of the United States all right
now trey Gowdy was right about one thing
finish the hell up there is absolutely
no reason so to continue this so then
what do they do next Muller cooperates
with Michael avenatti a porn stars
lawyer some stripper he gets information
from this guy much like they did with
the phony steel dossier because see
their investigators aren't turning
anything up so they've got to go to
Christopher steel they've got to go to
Michael avenatti they've got an in
concoct smear campaigns now let's think
about the actual collusion Hillary
Clinton paced using GPS through her law
firm
Perkins called me to hide it from the
Federal Election Commission
Perkins Co a fusion GPS fusion GPS phase
Christopher Steele who flies to Russia
and colludes with Russians you
using the money for it's ridiculous it's
absolutely ridiculous
and disgraceful ridiculous
but what are you gonna do what are you
gonna do because we have people in
Congress like Democrat Paul Ryan
masquerades as the Republican who won't
allow the investigation to be shut down
he won't allow articles of impeachment
on Rosenstein so Congress has no teeth
nothing they can do nothing they can do
turbo Jones thanks for the donation says
did we do this horrible crap to Bill
Clinton not like this no and remember
Bill Clinton did screw around in the
Oval Office he did lie to the American
people he did the witness of character
if you go to route read it by the law
there's a Google Drive linked with all
the indictment details what there are
sealed indictments no there aren't
details on a Google Drive they're not
you guys believe too many fabricated
things on the Internet you know maybe
the unsealed indictments are up there
but those are easy to find they're a
matter of public record in fact all you
need is a pacer account and you could
find those for a couple of dollars well
this is what I'm trying explain to you
guys these there are not people out
there with some super secret and inside
knowledge they simply went to pacer the
federal court system database and pulled
the indictments JT says sealed
indictments equal to equal narco gangs
and PTO's maybe not even PTO's
pedophiles you don't seal the indictment
narco gangs organized crime counter
terror and I Tara they'd be sealed up
hangman John Ruth good morning my friend
so plan cheeto say shouldn't Congress
hold Rosenstein in contempt instead of
impeachment that's easy but what does
that do Eric Holder Obama's Attorney
General was the only Attorney General in
history ever held in civil and criminal
contempt of Congress and he's talking
about running for president so holding
him in contempt means nothing nothing
impeachment at least has teeth it smears
him it damages him
good morning Britain good morning
Britain Viking girl says Instagram is a
horrible tool people write and post
horrible stuff about right-wing people
but they're not removing it no matter
how many people are reporting them I
don't you know look people insult me and
threaten me all day I don't complain and
want it remove that I'm thick-skinned
people you know what take your heads I
mean I take my hits you know that the
social media companies in Silicon Valley
are left-wing we're starting honestly we
on the right or starting to sound like
little whiners on the left when we
constantly want to have people fired and
removed and no need for that now the
discrimination on Facebook and Twitter
is a different story but people who are
insulting us are being on the right
letter who cares do i think zed hero
says is it possible the obama
administration used the same tactics on
the 2012 election I think Mitt Romney
was just too elitist and out of touch
it's also hard to beat an incumbent and
Obama was the incumbent in the common
president has billions and earned media
they could fly around on Air Force One
to campaign it's hard to beat an
incumbent president the witness of khaki
there's a small group of researchers
that will categorize them 40,000 is
unprecedented step Kel's step step
Jeff's mo none of that is accurate I'm
sorry but none of that is accurate
that's conspiracy theory people who want
to seem like they're in the no nonsense
nothing is uncommon about the amount of
sealed indictments we have something
called the transnational crime task
force that's making an unprecedented
push against the cartels and organized
crime so again getting your news from
4chan and reddit probably not the best
idea
getting your memes they're great getting
intelligence they're not so much not so
much
but speaking of speaking of social media
companies out in Silicon Valley Facebook
suffered the largest single company
one-day loss of value in stock market
history by the end of the day nearly 20%
of its market capitalization erased and
about 120 billion dollars in value gone
yep hmm
Mark Zuckerberg lost almost 17 billion
now maybe it's because of right-wing
censorship I don't think so I think it's
because they have an unsustainable
business model at the end of the day
when you cut through all the nonsense
Cambridge analytical is what really hurt
Facebook if Facebook can't sell data mmm
then Facebook can't survive you're not
making money on ads Facebook's
bazillions of dollars they're 600
billion in market cap is dependent upon
our information our data our photos
profiling our proclivities what we buy
what we eat where we go where we travel
what we read what we watch what we
listen to that's the value of Facebook
to Wall Street the data not ads ads is
dead the data and the Cambridge
analytical problem bit into Facebook's
data value proposition if Facebook can't
sell our data they might as well fold up
shop and go away and so it has nothing
to do at the end of the day with
backlash against conservatives nothing
nothing that's not how you lose 120
billion in a day it has to do with the
Cambridge analytical scandal increased
regulatory scrutiny over data usage the
usage of personally identifiable
information martin deBeer says
Zuckerberg sold shares before this came
out is that not insider trading no they
he had filed his statements with the S
with the F
with the SEC many many months ago SEC it
approved the sale of stock insiders can
sell stock they've got a file prior
disclosures they're gonna do it there's
nothing illegal about that now so and
this is where people need to be a little
smarter you've got to you've got to read
the terms and conditions number one but
number two let me tell you something
nothing in life is free alright if
you're on Facebook and you're using
Facebook every day and you're uploading
gigabyte upon gigabyte terabyte upon
terabyte of photos and videos and
content do you think they're altruistic
do you think they were charity do you
think that they're providing you this
platform out of the goodness of their
hearts no they want your data because I
want to sell it the reason they're
telling you upload terabytes of photos
and videos and content is because
they're building a dossier on you so
they could sell it to the big data
aggregators so they can sell it to
everybody
Samsung and Yelp and Ford Motor Company
and Porsche and Suzuka you name the
products Sony and Panasonic in Johnson
and Johnson and bristol-myers Squibb and
the list goes on and on you're not
getting something for nothing so
Facebook is is is taking this hit
because it's data sales are in danger
that's what this is all about if they
can't sell my information or they can't
sell as much of my information as they
were previously
well then their market capitalization
drops right and when they can't sell as
much of my information as they could
previously and they're being called back
before Congress to explain why they were
bad boys it's even worse now many of you
have said twitter has a bigger problem I
agree a much bigger problem because
Twitter's revenue model and their value
proposition has been dubious at best
from tor 2006 twitter has far less far
less information on you than facebook
does frankly I don't understand our
twitter is worth what it's
have no idea I don't understand it sorta
makes money it's certainly not off of
the occasionally sponsored tweet so yeah
short Twitter man Twitter is uh 20% of
the mesma explain how much 130 million
is Martin to be here 130 million is 130
million put it this way put it this way
it's what Facebook lost yesterday is
considerably considerably considerably
considerably more than the market
capitalization of McDonald's on the
whole put it in perspective now I will
say this I don't see how Zuckerberg
survives this I don't see how anybody
can survive a loss like that in one day
and what Wall Street will probably do is
have Zuckerberg be chairman and founder
and run product and bring in a real CEO
to run the business
Christopher Elliot sent us a super chat
donation Thank You Christopher JT says
why don't we as conservatives even use
Facebook or Twitter so the only games in
town there's another one out there gab
it's not very user friendly a the guys
that run it they they're more focused on
having some pretty bad people on the
platform in the name of free speech but
really for me is a media guy it's a
platform the only a couple hundred
thousand people on it it's a he's not
useful to me so I use Twitter so hold on
we're getting some that IO casts a prim
pal I'm sorry it's a Canada
$5 print below eight thank you very much
for the donation you said you mean
letting sjw social justice warriors run
your business isn't a good business move
luckily no is it terrible whoo-hoo - and
the
anything he was losing who just put this
comment in because I loved it they said
a Zed hero who McDonald's Elise has a
product well exactly right
Microsoft has a product Apple has a
product you can buy something you can
buy something but the the what do you
call Twitter's value prop is even worse
it's even worse I don't know what they
do
let's make money I see a sponsored tweet
every now and again maybe big
corporations I don't know they pay to
have certain people celebrity I don't
know tweet their stuff out I can't still
can't figure out why anybody would buy a
share of Twitter stock I don't
understand how the company makes money
certainly not enough to sustain
certainly not enough to sustain the
market valuation and the tens of
billions of dollars conservative
machinist says people call me fascist
when they can argue a point in the
debate what's the best response to
combat these pathetic accusations that
tell them well you clearly lost the
argument because you have to reserve to
ad hominem attacks also ask them to
define fascism tell them say without
looking at your phone give me the
merriam-webster dictionary definition of
fascism and then pick it apart point by
point pick it apart you know what I
don't understand though is why people
think they have free speech rights on
Facebook or Twitter because you don't
you're in a private business you're
essentially in their home if you come to
my house and you want to say Hillary is
the greatest thing in the world and I
tell you you've got to leave if you say
that and if you don't leave I kick you
out you don't have a First Amendment
claim against me
if you're in the lobby of my building my
commercial building and you do it you
don't have a First Amendment claim
against me it's private property
private
when we go to Facebook Twitter even here
on YouTube right here this is private
property if YouTube wants to censor me
slow the stream kick me off really they
can they can it's a private business if
you and I open a restaurant together we
can declare no one's allowed to come in
if they wear a red shirt and we're
allowed to kick them out for wearing a
red shirt because it's our business our
dress code and the story and a story so
these whole I have First Amendment
rights and Jack is going to jail on
Twitter no you don't you don't they're a
private company they can do whatever
they want they can do whatever they want
I I just I love it when I see some of
these alt writers say free speech free
speech you don't have free speech in a
private venue you just don't
and going on for far too long far far
too long
and the banks are doing it social medias
Florida we have the Fort Lauderdale gun
show good gun show when I go to the time
close to where I live and the City
County Commission wants to take away a
venue that's owned by the county that
they're using now here romance Orca says
not wanted to de facto monopoly they
can't burden your right to speech yes
they can because the facto monopoly
means in your opinion it's a monopoly
that there are monopolies by virtue of
the fact of the only game in town but
that's not a monopoly Twitter's not
shutting out other competition with
oppressive tactics people just aren't
gravitating toward these other platforms
that doesn't constitute a monopoly there
are private business that can absolutely
shut you down
Martin damir says they do have our
market under false pretenses at least
say when you use a shadow band that I
agree with they do market under false
pretenses they do lie and say there's a
level playing field with conservative
and liberal speech there's not so on
that one Martin you're 100 100 110
percent correct there's not a level
playing field not a level playing field
what is my opinion of Teresa may Jack
Walsh asks you know just look at her
behavior I think the whole world needs
uh I think England needs Maggie Thatcher
back because what I think hangman genres
says we need right-leaning platform so
we have our own rules they've tried but
the platforms that have propped up are
not user friendly and the problem is the
an annoying element gravitates there
first and taints it for everybody else
prim Paul says your phone company can't
cut you off if they don't like what
you're saying right but they're treated
as public utilities social media is not
and should not be completely different
thing completely different things or
there's some things I agree with on
socialism as minor as they may be
absolutely not zero
gab AI is banned from the Play Store in
the iTunes Store so how was that level
not but those are private businesses
they can choose not to offer a product
they can choose not to offer a product
large chunks as impossible she died
about Margaret Thatcher right that was
funny uh let's see
my somebody's rocket ship had a gun I
like that comment I don't use gab
because gab has honestly just too many
of the unintelligent alt writers who
these not people I want to be associated
with I'm gonna leave it there
Zuckerberg screwed over him suck her
face screwed over American no he didn't
he he's a left-leaning guy who founded a
company and the company is not nice to
conservatives it's his right I can call
him a dick I get his company sucks but
he's allowed to do it and he's not he's
not running America you don't have to
use Facebook there's the other thing you
don't have to go on Facebook you don't
have to go on Twitter Christopher Elliot
asks what's the future of the Democratic
Party
socialism yeah I think so I mean hey
their words not mine right alexandria
kasnia cortez is running as a Democratic
Socialist and Tom Perez chairman of the
Democratic Party says she's the future
of the party so Christopher by the
admission the words of the own words of
the chairman of the Democratic Party yes
democratic socialism is in fact the
future of that party the CIA own sucker
face well yeah I mean look
Regan bring down the Berlin Wall
so let's give her that conservative
machinist is what do you think will take
the church
you
that will I'm not giving you good
information they let you down that's
just not gonna happen
Hillary Maxine Waters isn't lunatic but
she hasn't done anything politically
that rises to the level of criminality
Hillary's already gotten her pass
Hillary's already gotten her pass and
that's not going to change
so Christopher Elliot says we helped us
River to Joe bomber Joe Manchin yeah I'm
not a fan of Manchin because he makes
believe he's a Republican running as a
damn he makes believe he's conservative
but then eventually goes back and he
caucuses with Democrats what do we do
about against American flag burnings
nothing you can do they ruled it illegal
in constitutional I wish it wasn't it is
I disagree with that decision Mohammed
was a pedophile so the Facebook isn't
gonna be treated as a public utility
then they shouldn't offer public utility
options like phone calls they don't they
offer voice over IP calls so it's a
little different and I don't want
private companies treated as public
utilities and regulated it's a really
sharp and dangerous knife that cuts both
ways I'm not a fan of it
hangman John Ruth says give Maxine time
she will yeah I think you're right I
think you're right hangman John Ruth
says this will get much worse come
September what do you mean it'll get
worse well you can't really charge these
companies are doing anything private
company can look I'm here in my studio
right I can kick you out of my studio
for any reason you don't you're not
allowed to be here I don't want you here
you're not allowed to stand in here and
exercise your free speech you did not
allowed it doesn't work like that so I
don't I don't I don't like with Facebook
and Twitter do I don't like it but it's
legal it's legal
and remember Zuckerberg was never put on
Oh to Congress so the mere fact that he
wasn't put under oath couldn't a
perjured himself he didn't and he
basically said I didn't know anything
what do I think of Trudeau taking a
holiday right after a terror attack I
think Tros useless
I think Justin Trudeau is absolutely
useless so
a question it's because I want to
address it kappa da so says you cannot
print even rid of speech if you don't
get out toward the act of burning your
flag I disagree I disagree I think
certain symbols can be protected and
that doesn't impede on speech burn a
photo of a flag just not a flag itself
mark Jones's Cohen flipped on Donald cuz
Donald left him high and dry and under
the bus though I don't think Cohen foot
than anybody he has nothing to give I
think Cohen screwed up in other areas
he's trying to save his own skin so the
best he's got is some dirt on Donald
Trump and Playboy models it's a joke is
what it is it's a joke
Charles Duran says I've been watching a
show for a year now how do I talk about
everything you say without giving the
impression of being a crazy person
everything though it's founded in facts
listen I always give you my resources
right when I talk about black-on-black
crime I go to the FBI are you a fee I
Uniform Crime reporting when I tell you
that cue and on is a moron and a fake
it's because I bring guys like Scott you
linger on the show a retired CIA station
chief I bring on Bobby Chacon it's been
27 years with the FBI because I bring on
people that were actually there when I
talked about law enforcement issues and
how investigations work because that's
where I come from you'll never never
you'll never be shut down if you come
with facts they'll be afraid the left
will tell you oh we don't want to talk
about this now they'll call you racist
but they'll never refute what you're
saying Ron Paul says Trudeau is most
useful when he is elsewhere I agree I
agree he certainly is look Trudeau is
your Obama but at least Obama made the
Herbie illusion of being tough you know
how on earth John not jack by the way
you keep calling me jack how on earth
right now Cohen has nothing to give
because it would have been given already
and what it leaked already if Cohen and
anything truly damning on Donald Trump
believe you me it would have leaked
it would have leaked but it hasn't
if Muller had anything on Trump it would
have leaked if Peter struck at least a
page had anything on Trump it would have
leaked after they testified behind
closed door doors said hero says Obama
tuff exactly but he used to make believe
he was he used to make believe I'm gonna
draw a red line I'm gonna draw a red
line and when you cross it nothing I can
do about it why would it leak Mark Jones
ass because everything else is leaked
the Democrats have leaked every damning
thing on Trump have you not been reading
the anonymously sourced reports in the
Washington Post in the New York Times
have you not followed what CNN is done
that hero calls Obama mister man jeans
yes and little girl's bike in big
bulbous bike helmet that Obama that
Obama yeah I'm gonna draw a red line got
a girl red line then I'm gonna drop 1.7
billion on an Iranian runway for the
night but Muller is a Republican Mark
Young says so wat that is the most tired
and moronic talking point so which is
indicate nobody likes him so is Paul
wrong voter registration means nothing
nothing nothing nothing
in fact establishment Republicans are
worse than Democrats at least we see
Democrats dust fault and these votes
Senate Republican establishment equals
establish and ends at least we see
Democrats coming we don't see the
establishment Republicans coming we
don't see it look the end of the day mmm
there is no there there Mullins got
nothing that's why he's resorting to
reading Trump's Twitter timeline what
he's doing think about it Americans have
now for at about a twenty two to twenty
five million dollar bill from Muller to
find no evidence of anything and now
he's reading tweets all right the guy's
a joke the investigation is a joke
Martin
years what about the gang of eight
sounds like a mob squad supposed to be
this bipartisan group it's really what
it is a bunch of Democrats and a bunch
of gutless Republicans who do what the
Democrats tell them to do even when
those Republicans are in leadership it's
useless
it's gutless and it works in favor of
the Dems but hey that's the
establishment right I don't know where
people keep calling me jack not my name
why do Americans only sign a deal and
pull out of it after this has always
happened both with Democrat or
Republican presidents Iran deal because
the deal sucked Obama was a moron you
don't stay in bad deals because uh idiot
signed a big deal doesn't mean the
country needs to stay in it
thank God we pulled out of that terrible
moronic deal that Iran was cheating on
and laughing at everybody with I should
put my name in the title but it's right
there if you scroll down it says John
goes live for the full hour so it is ah
my logic is completely moronic it's a
federal inquiry when do cops tell you
what they have got until trial Mark
Jones actually mark no your logic is
moronic if police it doesn't your
question doesn't even make sense with
all due respect print Boyle says if they
had anything on Trump it would have come
out there in the election the density
for something ever since it's all a big
show to try to discredit Trump
exactly exactly this is just an
impeachment trap this is just a an
impeachment trap and a perjury trap
that's all it is that's all it is so
this vote says Obama's not a traitor
since he's not an American I I don't I
believe Obama was born in Hawaii I
believe he was born in the u.s. still
doesn't make you culturally American I
don't believe he loves this country
here's what I believe though I believe
that the reason Obama hid his
transcripts and everything else it's not
because he was born outside of the US I
think he scammed financial aid and call
he applied for both admissions and
financial aid as a foreign student
because he wasn't that great of a
student and he wanted to get the money
and he wanted to get into Harvard Law
and I think that's what he was hiding
that he scammed the system when he was
in fact born in Hawaii yeah the you know
so I don't I don't I typically don't and
so here we are going to remove Mark
Jones from being a troll we're gonna
hide them on the timeline so they're
trolling messages can't bother everybody
else King James says but John the
Trump's poll numbers continue to go up
the Dems are losing yeah because
Americans like results and Trump's
getting them results Democrats had
nothing right what do I tell you every
day Democrats are running on abolish ice
socialism no borders give criminal
illegal aliens more than Americans hate
the president try to impeach the
president regulating crush business and
tax you more that's the platform at the
Democratic Party that's the platform mmm
and gonna have to you know if you guys
want to troll or keep pushing your own
pages on here we're gonna have to keep
taking you off the whole point is to do
a show not do trolls and not also deal
with another site blowing up the chat
hang man John root says bye-bye trolls
we don't have time to find this votes
that's a good show thank you
all right here's the answer saying
something that really resonates with me
get rid of entitlement programs it's not
a way of life
exactly look I've only said welfare
could be for a predetermined short
amount of time or with until they hurt
to get unhinged and then they blow the
timeline up and that's what you just
delete them you just remove them you
just remove them
Maddon are says imagine this there are
people of color that are being held down
by the patriarchy system that has been
built over time well I think anybody has
opportunity they want it but the
entitlement culture wants to complain
there's volt says what is my position on
Muslim citizens they're citizens like
any other citizen I don't look I don't
care what your religion is I care when
you weaponize and kill people in the
name of that religion if you're a good
contributing law-abiding member of
society god bless you if you're not
we'll take you down yeah hangman John
Ruth says truth is true is chum for
trolls that's true that is very very
true Kimberley Christensen Morris's
Canadian abominable living in Cali and
so glad there are Canadians who are
figuring this out in spite of the
mainstream media Kimberly on whether
Americans who are figuring this out in
spite of the mainstream media too many
people you know look gotta remember
something right 63 million Americans
voted for Donald Trump but only about
five million on the best night watch
right-wing cable news seven million
maybe if you put all the right-wing
cable news outlets where are the other
56 million they're watching they're
still watching local and broadcast
Nightly News the true mainstream media
cobweb gaming 23 says do I like the
Philippines I've never been seems like a
beautiful country I've seen the beaches
sure I don't know much about it though
Coran man says my video looks like a boy
my baby my video looks like a crossbeam
pointillism and Impressionism paintings
I'm sorta sztyc I did it on purpose I
did it on purpose
uh Nolan well since we need to do away
with affirmative action I agree I
totally agree if you don't want to
discriminate be discriminated upon based
on your race don't ask to be
discriminated upon based on your race
that's what I think about in that's what
I think about affirmative action John
Zeeland says wait until the GDP numbers
come out
oh I think I think there's going to be a
spontaneous disintegration and Democrats
who's gonna be like poof poof poof poof
I spoke to Stephen Moore last night very
well-known economist you've seen him out
there on television he was a senior
advisor economic adviser to Trump you
know Steve is low round glasses short
hair and he feels that the GDP could it
could be 5% the increase that would be
phenomenal a 5% GDP increase would be
insane insane hangman John wrote says
hashtag walk away more people are more
people are that's why I don't understand
why the mainstream media is saying the
Dems are gonna take the house I I don't
see it anecdotally I just don't say it
cobweb gaming 23 system I Afeni marvel
in the comics sure yeah I like
spider-man uh yeah okay it's the
Avengers - right yeah like that
conservative machinist as my mother as a
Democrat visits are always awkward I
hear more and more of that Martin - beer
we did Kryptos yesterday I am NOT a fan
I'm not a fan uh I don't even understand
what that comment meant why am i let's
say of course Dems are gonna take the
house if all you talk to redeem voters
covered ah so yes yes yes and we are you
know our producers are also deleting
some comments because we want to keep
the discussion going forward that's not
me I do eat roles but we you know I
don't want to get bogged down in in
beating on Muslims a whole show number
one no need to do it number two it's not
interesting content it's not interesting
content how can Muller why is that wise
to the ways how can Muller still be
stealing our tax money great question a
lot of people are asking it Kimberley
Christensen says they also that Hillary
was going to win
so whatever right New York Times at 92%
8% Hillary's favor on election night
let's see how come the Dems always
attack Republicans without like that
with Obama the Republicans are at least
respectful because Democrats are
unhinged mad nor one says I don't
understand that you have a decent
question why don't you take a table and
sit down somewhere on campus or other
irritated sectors to make a statement is
effective well there are groups that do
that I'm not a big I'm not a fan of
stunts I'm an analyst I go in deep and I
analyze them there are groups that
campus groups that do that but I'm never
gonna be one of those guys that goes on
a campus the microphone and then edits
videos it to me it's a tired format it's
been done I don't love it King James
says because of Trump's new tax cuts and
deregulation Trump has done more for
American business than Bush and Obama
put together and Bill Clinton I agree
grandman I'm voting Republican in Ohio
and against turncoat Kasich I don't know
how you guys deal with John Kasich there
in Ohio he has turned out to be an
insufferable insufferable moron mm-hmm
it's terrible terrible let's see what
else we got here
what do I say about CNN suggesting Trump
should have supported Cohen with his
legal issues I think Michael Cohen will
probably wind up a paid contributor on
CNN that's what I think that's what I
think
conservative machine it says how close
do you think we are at a civil war not
very the right has all the guns it would
be a very short civil war now I don't
think we're there I think I think we are
most definitely in an ideological Civil
War I think we're in a civil war 2.0 an
ideological civil war but um nah there's
not gonna be a shooting you dnt fo
getting beat up by the proud boys things
like that but there's not gonna be a
civil war on the streets at the end of
the day people like air conditioning and
cable TV and new cars they don't want to
be shooting at each other and rationing
in bottles of water it's not gonna work
it's not gonna work no need of donated
thank you very much for generous there
is nothing more patronizing than
affirmative
saying you can't get a job because of
your own merits could not agree more to
say it again if you don't want to be
discriminated upon based on your race
then don't ask to be discriminated upon
based on your race that's what
affirmative action is you know nerdy I
also see it the same way when they say
well a voter ID is racist
really what's more racist than saying to
a black or Hispanic American you're
chewing company to get a driver's
license or an ID card it's ludicrous
Queens on the corner says though I think
we will eventually go full socialist
nope hangman John root says have a war
would last one day exactly they have all
the guns uh smokey says cable TV sucks
old TV sucks
now I like TV I like TV any opinion on
the Roseann hysteria yeah I think was
much ado about nothing a woman told one
off-color joke she got spanked down for
it never should have lost her show never
should have lost her show
well guys about that time when we've
come to the end and these hours the hour
flies by with you every day the hour
flies by well as question print ball
will to be a CNN in a year going to be
interesting AT&T took them over
management at AT&T is a little more
conservative I don't know if CNN I look
the same in a year I really don't know
thanks for being here with me this hour
we'll be back with you Monday morning at
7:30 a.m. you guys have an amazing
weekend thanks for watching
