a ten-year-old girl died in Somalia
recently the reason she was the victim
of female circumcision but in the
aftermath where is the outcry where are
the feminists kindly insert the sound of
chirping crickets here
FGM aka female genital mutilation is a
nauseating uncivilized procedure that is
driven by pure misogyny there's no
reason for it other than to cause pain
both physical and psychological to girls
and women and yet millions continue to
suffer from such barbarism even in this
day and age but in Somalia recently a
ten-year-old girl actually died
thanks to this grotesque procedure in a
Washington Post story hawa a den
Mohammed executive director of the
Galkayo Education Center for peace and
development said in a statement that
quote the girls circumciser is suspected
to have cut an important vein in the
course of the operation end quote and
two days later the girl died at least
she died with her virtue intact which
seems to be for some people more
important than the girl actually living
as a supposed harlot in fact it's
downright perverse to blame her death
due to a so called botched FGM operation
because is there such a thing as a
successful FGM operation given that as
the name of the procedure clearly states
this is something that involves
mutilation and even though Somalia
introduced a new constitution six years
ago that was supposed to ban FGM that
Constitution isn't worth the paper it
was printed on given that it is
estimated that 98 percent of girls and
women in Somalia have endured this
brutal procedure 98 percent yet can we
even hope to solve this problem if we
are prevented from having an honest and
open discussion about it due to yes
political correctness after all let's
not forget the comments that our own
fearless leader made some six years ago
when Justin Trudeau had a conniption
when the Conservative government used
the word barbarism in Canada's
citizenship guide to describe quote
cultural practices that toll
spousal abuse honor killings female
genital mutilation forced marriage or
other gender-based violence end quote
yeah Justin actually was offended with
the Conservatives calling barbarism
barbarism and for me and I would suspect
other fans of civilization the biggest
danger in the West when dealing with an
atrocity like FGM is that whole cultural
sensitivity argument you know that
perhaps a little bit of barbarism can be
begrudgingly tolerated rather than
banned outright so that we don't hurt
the feelings of certain newcomers and
besides who are we to say what is right
and wrong and besides maybe there's a
so-called ethical and humane way of
carrying out FGM yeah that's the ticket
ethical and humane mutilation and check
this out just last month US Immigration
and Customs Enforcement announced a
program designed to bring awareness to
FGM and prevent young girls from being
subjected to FGM the idea is to inform
passengers traveling to FGM
high-prevalence countries about the u.s.
laws governing FGM and the potential
criminal immigration and child
protective consequences of transporting
a child to another country for the
purpose of FGM so ice is doing its part
to try and stem this barbarism and yet
the likes of Alexandria kZO Cortes the
newly minted 28 year-old Democrat from
the Bronx she actually ran on a campaign
and what she advocated the abolition of
ice
wow what a champion for the downtrodden
indeed at the end of the day it all kind
of makes one wonder if the left really
does care about women's rights or is
feminism being thrown under the bus when
it comes to cultural sensitivity even if
such sensitivity means turning a blind
eye to abuse torture and even death when
it comes to a surgical procedure that
has absolutely zero merit for the rebel
media I'm David the men's ID Menzies hey
folks the Breville has a new app please
download that app
and take the rebel with you wherever you
go
you
