hello I'm Rob shrimp shock with a campus
unmasked project of rebel media and
today I'm here with Jessica Mars suckow
who is the national director of
Christians United for Israel on campus
as well as Michael Loughran who's a sea
ufi activist from Trinity Western
University so I guess I'll start with
you Jessica tell us a bit about sea ufi
on campus and some of your main
accomplishments as well as your some of
your setbacks this past school year
I'd love to this year we're really
excited that kufan campus is celebrating
its 10th year we have educated thousands
of Christian students across the nation
and this year we have our largest number
over 600 students representing over 300
campuses across the United States and
Canada so we're really excited about the
growth we're seeing the passion and our
students and to your other question of
something we're really excited about one
of our greatest accomplishments is
passing anti divestment legislation if
anyone is familiar with the battle on
campuses concerning Israel it is BDS
boycott divestment and sanction is
essentially a do legitimizing campaign
to demonize the State of Israel and on
Hawaii Pacific University in Honolulu
the most diverse university in the
United States we have passed anti
divestment legislation clearly
proclaiming that Jewish students and
Israeli students who come to this school
will not be demonized will not be
intimidated will not be bullied will not
be singled out great now so on rebel
media's campus and mass project and I
think you mentioned you watched a couple
of episodes some of the most viral
content is often the students for
justice and Palestine and related mob
disruptions and shutdowns of Israeli
student meetings so but then a savvy
onlooker might point towards the
professors who are no doubt giving these
students animus towards Israel through
their curriculum and finally you have
the administrators themselves who are
while you have the students groups who
pass BDS initiatives sometimes the
referendums the actual decision to
divest ultimately lies in the hands of
an administrator so my question for you
guys is do you think the biggest threat
to pro-israel groups
lies on well do you think the biggest
threat to pro-israel groups stems from
the students the professors or the
administrators on campus I would say
it's a mix of all these things because
obviously there's a media buzz that goes
on with BDS and it's the idea of social
justice
that's prominence through media
throughout all kinds of different
communication channels and then it's
reinforced within the classrooms and
administrators throughout Canada and
many universities including the
University of British Columbia as a
matter of fact very close to Trinity
West University has been quite
supportive of it and silent in the face
of a BDS vote across the campus brought
forward by the student government at
University of British Columbia so that's
a that's a big concern and I don't think
that it's something that is one group's
fault I don't think it's just the
faculty in the classrooms
I think it's an orchestrated effort
brought to you by social justice or
cultural Marxism or whatever it may be
there's a lot of issues but the other
major issue and I know people don't like
to talk about is anti-semitism the
anti-semitism is a very big issue and at
the conference I heard a really great
rebuttal to this and it's the BDS for
build develop and support and I think
that's a great rebuttal to BDS as in BDS
with boycott divestment and sanctions
and there's another rebuttal which is
BDS but just take out the D so BS but
that's what I would say it's a group
it's a group issue issue from all of
those groups
I completely agree with everything
Michael said and one of the elements of
BDS that is most visible is STP in the
student groups that are so vocal and
they're really intimidating to students
we've had students who've had rocks
thrown at them they have been spit on
we've had our students supporting the
Jewish community and the Israel message
in divestment hearings at UC Davis who
have been afraid to walk back to their
dorm after the divestment hearing
because of the hatred
anger in the room so the visibility of
SJP is the most intimidating factor the
most influential is the administration
it is those professors on tenure who are
not going anywhere who are in the
classroom intimidating students who want
to speak out in support of Israel and
shaming them into silence and in some
cases their grades are at stake just for
disagreeing with what the professor says
so all of these elements play a
different role the most visible being
SJP yeah thank you and I like what you
described kind of like as a confluence
of effects you have the more
bureaucratic manifestations of things
with the administrators and then the
professors who are actually giving the
build up to what then becomes very
incendiary backlashes against
pro-israeli students on campus so my
next question is can you give us some
examples of the impact divestment has on
Israel both economically but then also
scholastically in terms of partnerships
between American and Israeli
universities I think one of the most
important factors and the most important
impacts that BDS has is propaganda with
this issue it truly is whoever gets
there first wins whoever is introducing
their message first wins regardless of
the facts if someone is presenting
horrific photographs to someone and
telling them this is what someone's
doing to children of course as human
rights loving social justice loving
Millennials we are going to say that is
outrageous how could they do that before
the pro-israel community can step in and
lay out the facts and say this is a hate
propaganda campaign let's talk about
context let's talk about history let's
talk about how Israel has the greatest
level of human rights in the Middle East
so when you look at the impact of BDS
and the effects it has propaganda truly
is dangerous we have a Holocaust
survivor that we bring two campuses
named Irving Roth and he always says
that never underestimate the power of
propaganda he experienced firsthand
Hitler's propaganda
that almost wiped out the jewelry of
Europe so we tell our students you
cannot underestimate this propaganda and
the other side is not slowing down i sat
in a tiny airport in Utah with Irving
Roth and we were watching the news
waiting for our flight and it was the
knifing Intifada
the stabbing Intifada in Israel and I
watched this 87 year old man sit there
and watch this news and he looked at and
he said I won't stop because they don't
stop and this is the propaganda we are
fighting and this is the level of hatred
that our students deal with and we need
to come alongside the Jewish community
and for once the church we are
Christians United for Israel say you are
not alone and the first time in 2,000
years the church and come alongside the
Jewish people so we're very proud to be
doing this the other issue is those that
are supportive of BDS who are uneducated
on the economic factors in that this
also has a massive negative effect on
Palestine and especially the West Bank
where there is industry and there are
jobs at stake and there are things being
produced in Palestine and there's all
kinds of other technologies so if people
really want to do BDS they better get
rid of their iPhones they better get rid
of their GPS system they better realize
that all the artificial intelligent
intelligence and AI development that's
going on in the world is being led
largely by Israeli and Israelis within
different parts of world but they're
still citizens of Israel and there's all
kinds of other innovations that are
taking place with water and energy
development and such things like this
that if you know especially if you're
supposed to be an environmentalist and
you go to that particular altar at the
environmentalist groups goat that the
environmentalist groups go to I would
say that you should probably be
supportive of Israel because the
innovations and the inventions and all
of the economic development that's
happening in Israel that's also
affecting positively other parts of the
world and the West Bank and Palestinians
to give them all a better quality of
life so I think it's more about turning
it and saying let's be constructive
instead of destructive
great thanks and so can you give us why
do you believe because I see so often I
report on this kind of stuff why do you
believe that the defacement of property
the disruptions of campus events and
just the general dissolution of civility
on campus seem to stem almost without
exception from one side of the
israeli-palestinian conflict why is that
I think that answers something we would
all like to know I believe that with our
generation the millennial generation
anger and outrage is seen and displayed
it's the sight of truth if you are this
angry that you are tearing things down
of course you must be right I believe
even that is a form of propaganda and
manipulate manipulation if you are
flipping out to the point you're
overturning garbage cans and you know
defacing you know public property
you must be so outraged by something
that is happening to you the level of
outrage has nothing to do with who is
right you look at for example the
Islamic extremism in the Middle East
when you look at the the terrorist
attacks going on in Israel when SJP
presents this on campus they say okay if
this person is willing to blow
themselves up
what atrocities must be being
perpetrated against them Palestinian
terrorism is no different than the
Terrorism going on in the rest of the
Middle East Israel is 1% of the landmass
in the Middle East this it is the exact
same terrorism the justification that
someone is flipping out means that the
outrage and the offence is so great is
not true that I believe is a form of
manipulation and frankly it is very
childish and I believe that the Israeli
side and the conservative side we want
to bring life we want to bring a future
we want to bring a hope we want things
to improve we we have hope for peace in
the Middle East we have hope for peace
between Israelis and the Palestinians we
don't want to burn the house down around
us
and I believe that is the difference I
totally agree I totally agree with
Jessica on this I I think that there's a
level of outrage that can't go any
further and it's almost like the outrage
meter just keeps going up and up and up
and it's like when's the worst thing
ever going to stop everything seems to
be going on like this it's the worst
thing ever in in this massive outrage
and this incite inciting violence and
things like this it's so unproductive
and it shuts down the dialogue not just
debate but dialogue like actually having
a conversation about things and not just
not even getting to the debate yet but
actually talking about this stuff and
becoming educated properly by hearing
all the sides instead of just going with
what you hear on the news and this is
something we've also heard here is
there's a lot of misinformation out
there and I know that somebody mentioned
at the conference here about a quote by
Mark Twain that said that you know those
that don't read the news are ill
informed but those that do read the news
are misinformed and sometimes we need to
do a little bit more and it doesn't
always take a lot of effort to get the
other side and do some research and
anyone can do this now we've got the
Internet it's available to us there's a
lot of sources out there and you can
check those sources so working with CUFI
and getting your information also from
Christians United for Israel seeing what
Kufa has to say see you Fi and seeing
what they're doing and what information
they have available as well can help in
this right I really like your point
about the depreciation of debate on
campus because so often we see now left
wing and pro-palestinian activists you
know calling people racist and it moved
to fascists and it was Nazis perhaps
most historically when referring to
Jewish and Israeli students and so yeah
you wonder how can they really trump
that at this point so one other question
I had was what tactics do you believe
are the most effective for pro-israel
students to use to spread their message
on campus I think because history is on
our side and facts are on our side and
hope is on our side our best tactic is
just education letting people know what
is really going on the other side to
have their buzzwords they have their
emotional hot
EPIK buttons and we tell our students
the facts are on our side we just have
to educate so our greatest tactic is to
go around the protests and the mock
die-ins and everything everyone is doing
that is turning people off so continue
doing that SJP you're doing a great job
but what we tell our students to do is
bring hope tell the truth tell the fact
that just imagine what could be if both
parties came to the table and negotiated
for peace on campus people want answers
everyone wants to support the victim
that is admirable what a lot of people
don't understand is in this situation
Israel is the David Israel's not the
Goliath in the Middle East Israel is the
David in this conflict in Israel's being
portrayed as the strong man and the one
in a power position again Israel is 1%
of the landmass in the Middle East a
hostile region that wants to has said
they will and desires to wipe Israel off
the face of the earth they are the David
in this situation so our tactic is the
truth and education so we take our
students from a zeal and a desire to
tell the truth and we give them the
tools they need with CUFI and outlets
like the rebel media bringing this
information out there this is exactly
what will make a difference this is the
greatest tactic it's speaking the truth
another big issue to get the message out
on campus especially for Millennials and
those that are supportive of Israel that
are informed that know the facts that
understand the context of the facts as
well is knowing that Israel is a leader
for human rights in the region that if
you want to look at let's say women's
rights for example look to Israel
because they're the only one in the
entire region that has a level of rights
and protections and equality given to
women within the society and that's just
something that's not shown there also
some people don't realize but the
Supreme Court of Israel had an Arab
Christian as a judge on the Supreme
Court of Israel
and that's something that they don't
talk about as well and when it comes to
humanitarian aid Israelis and the IDF
are sometimes the first responders to
this whether it's something going on in
central South America whether it's
actually something going on in Syria
where I believe it's up to 4,000 Syrian
refugees that Israel has helped and
supported by bringing literally
thousands of tons of food and clothing
and they've done health care they've
actually brought people over the border
into Israel to hospitals and it's like
what more do these Millennials and these
social justice warriors want because it
can't always be about the totem pole of
the worst victim and the victim virtue
and who's the most oppressed out of all
the oppressed it's like let's stop and
realize we're all human beings and we
can't keep doing this we've got out
realized that if we're going to be
constructive and we're going to solve
these problems
we can't keep demonizing a group without
the facts and especially with all the
good that Israel is doing in that region
and by the way there is no safer place
in this world for the most persecuted
group on the planet and that is
Christians than Israel when it comes to
the Middle East so if you want to be
pretty if you're hoping for safety
you're hoping for at least some human
rights and you're hoping for some level
of protection against brutality and
possible genocide that's going on
throughout the continent of Africa and
throughout the Middle East against
Christians there's nowhere else you can
go but Israel and I think that it's not
just the United States that should have
their embassy moved to Israel it's
Canada because it's a statement we have
countries in Central America we have
countries in Asia that are actually
considering moving their embassies to
Jerusalem and being a being a Canadian
from Canada I can't understand why we
were not number two so it's time for
Canada to be number two before anyone
else's
all right well Jessica Moore Zico and
Michael Walker and representing
Christians United for Israel thank you
guys very much
you
