hey we don't just do great videos here
at the rebel we do great events with our
most loyal viewers - we've had movie
premieres and educational trips to
foreign countries and we've even had a
few rallies against the carbon tax
before that was cool but my favorite
event each year is definitely what we
call the rebel live
it's a day-long conference for true
conservatives not the timid CBC approved
variety real conservatives talking about
things that matter
we had jordan peterson even before his
book took off we had doug ford even
before he was Premier of Ontario and of
course we brought you other fascinating
conservatives from around the world like
our own Katie Hopkins from the UK while
we're doing it again and this time we're
doing it in the heart of conservative
country my own spiritual home Calgary on
Saturday November 10th we've got an
amazing day plan you want great speakers
or we got them free speech activists
Lindsey Shepard who fought the censors
at Laurier University and won Canada's
most successful conservative public
interest lawyer John carpe who sues
governments who step on our wright's
robie picard the unstoppable oil sands
activist and so many more we've invited
Andrew Shearer to attend we haven't
heard back from him yet but other MPs
will be there including Brad Proust and
Maxine Bernier who just launched a new
party whether or not you agree with him
or disagree with him this is the place
to hear him firsthand and ask him
whatever's on your mind that's the way
we roll of the rebel we're not shy and
we're not politically correct we're 100
percent conservatives so come join us in
Calgary on November 10th but you better
hurry our early bird pricing ends this
Friday October 20th until that moment
it's just 75 bucks but afterwards it
goes up to $95 by the way we've got
great student prices too he did I
mention we've got an amazing barbecue
food truck coming for lunch included in
the price oh it's on but get your
tickets now go to the rebel live.com and
unlike our conservative political
beliefs this event is sure to sell out
go to the rebel live.com now
for early bird pricing come to the rebel
live in Calgary but sign up now to get
your early bird pricing
you
