well it's summertime and you could send
your kids to a camp where they do normal
things like hike fish and swim or you
could send them to one where they learn
how to design an teef of flags check it
out if you take a visit to tole into
Massachusetts you may run into a little
place called camp kinder land which
bills itself as a multicultural summer
camp and community that honors our
progressive secular Jewish roots through
our commitment to economic racial and
social justice kinder lands summer
programming and year-round activities
integrate progressive values with art
recreation and activism in a
compassionate and caring environment
camp Kimberlin got the nickname commie
camp from progressive journalist Katie
Halper she used it facetiously in
response to some right wing commentators
but I was checking up on one of my
favorite pro antiva professors Dartmouth
lecturer Mark Bray and he posted some
photos of around 50 and Tifa flags that
the camp Kendall and kiddos had designed
look you have the traditional black and
red a blue auntie faux flag pink and
black there's something for everyone
and of course Marc thinks this is super
rad dr. Bray in case you forgot is the
guy who wrote the Antipa handbook
featured in one of those pictures and
then donated half of the proceeds from
that book to an Tifa Bray is also
working on the intro for an antique
Akama crook which my doppelganger
covered a few months back but I've been
thinking there's still one super
oppressed group that Marvel and DC
Comics ignore and that's me and Tifa but
not for long my buddy Marc Bray a
history professor at Dartmouth is
writing the intro for this badass new
ante faux comic book
yeah dude look at this totally awesome
cover art do you know how much courage
it takes to isolate and swarm our
enemies and surprise attacks and run
away right at the small sign of
resistance I mean black outfit vigilante
justice
I'm the modern-day Batman and I deserve
to be treated as such so let's get a few
things out of the way
raising your kids yourself is always
going to be preferable to sending them
to a camp if you absolutely must send
your kids to camp or if it's just for a
week or two for fun I don't know why
anyone in their right mind would send
their kids to a political summer camp
but if you absolutely must send your
kids to a political summer camp you
might want to check out camp
Constitution the director of this camp
emailed me saying that it's nearby in
Pittsfield Massachusetts but ensuring me
that it's the opposite of commie camp
it's on August 5th through 11th and
apparently discusses America's
judeo-christian moral heritage and free
enterprise it uses the unfortunate term
freedom fight which is used in some
rather unsavory contexts internationally
but it honestly does sound like a good
wholesome not communist experience for
campus unmasked I'm Rob simcha if you
like this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
