we're at a place that I talk a lot about
at the rebel but I've never actually
seen it or for that matter smelt it for
myself I met Vancouver's false Creek now
false Creek looks beautiful people are
relaxing they're jogging around it
people are boating people use this area
but what is sort of oblivious to the eye
is that this water contains four times
the contamination levels deemed safe for
swimming and that's because of sewage
outflows that dumped into the ocean
around Vancouver so this water is
contaminated it's deemed unsafe
everybody seems sort of oblivious to it
and you know who else seems oblivious to
it the water keepers that I met
yesterday up on Burnaby Mountain they
claim they care about water that water
is life but nobody really seems to care
about the real contamination happening
to Vancouver waterways it's not being
done by oil tankers it's being done by
Vancouverites for the rebel media I'm
Shiela gunnery today I get to see
Vancouver's contaminated a false creek
for myself to support our independent
journalism to cover the cost of our trip
here to Vancouver and to help cover the
cost of our much-needed security guard
go to rebel Burnaby calm
