well folks I met the Canadian
headquarters of the Islamic circle of
North America here in Oakville Ontario
and I'm here to deliver a petition a
petition that thousands of you signed
now if you recall it in the Canada
earlier this month
had their carry the light conference in
which Linda Sarsour and several other
odious speakers were invited to speak
and if you recall we sort of crashed the
party with that incredible truck with
the giant Jumbotron
showing Linda Saussure's vile comments
in her own words we were of course
kicked off the premises but nevertheless
we asked you to sign this petition and
thousands of you responded and here's
what the petition says any politicians
who have campaigned with or for Ethne
must renounce their previous support
Ignis should own their anti-semitism and
radicalism or disown it so we're going
to now deliver the petition as promised
to ignore Canada and again thank you for
your support
can you please give that to mr. - here
LV the president of your organization
it's just the thousands of Canadians who
are taking a stand against the extremist
speakers that you had welcome to your
carry the light conference okay thank
you very much sir take care well folks
mission accomplished we have indeed
dropped off the petition to the Canadian
headquarters of Ethne and hopefully
their president now based in Calgary
will take receipt of that petition I
want to thank you again for reaching out
thousands of you sign that petition
you're not happy to see hatred being
imported into our country that we saw on
Thanksgiving Day weekend when ethnic
Canada staged its carry the light
conference and while the petition is
closed if anyone out there would like to
chip in to cover some of our expenses
for hiring that incredible truck with
the jumbotron that was showing the sort
of odious messages that were being
spouted at the carry the light
conference please consider making a
donation once again thank you ever so
much for all your kind and generous
support for the rebel dog media I'm
David the men's I'd Benzies hey folks if
you like the kind of journalism we
deliver here at the rebel dot media the
kind of journalism you're not going to
see anywhere else in the Canadian media
landscape then please like and subscribe
you
