Johnny Depp can't keep a woman can't
keep his money and can't keep his sanity
but he thinks he knows what's best for
our country coming up today on the
Hollywood conservative for the rebel all
right so let's lay the groundwork and
establish one basic truth Johnny Depp is
a hot mess well he used to be hot now
he's just kind of a mess he's washed up
and skinny and has that heroin chic look
that Kate Moss made famous - the chic
he is a dirtbag seriously if I didn't
know who he was and I saw him on the
corner of Hollywood and Vine digging
through a garbage bin crouching over it
looking for leftovers and cigarette
butts begging for money I seriously
would not think twice but he had a
longtime girlfriend who he dumped back
in 2012 an esse parody they have two
kids together they never Wed prior to
that he was married to Laurie Ann
Allison and engaged to Jennifer Grey
Shirley sherlyn Fenn and Winona Ryder
but most recently he was famously linked
to Amber Heard who he allegedly beat the
crap out of and she left his sorry ass
so this guy has been on one lately he's
in debt up to his eyeballs to the tune
of 14 million dollars of course in true
narcissist fashion he sued his managers
for 25 million claiming that it was
their fault he spent $30,000 a month on
wine 18 million on a luxury yacht and
paid three million dollars to blast the
ashes of author Hunter Thompson out of a
cannon so yeah Johnny your debt is not
the fault of your manager as your debt
is the fault of you being a dumbass with
money and spending beyond your means but
none of that is what I want to talk
about today to set the stage for this
past weekend's recent antics let's
reflect back on Glastonbury in 2007 17
when Depp said to a crowd when was the
last time an actor assassinated a
president and then said that he thought
maybe it's time so running down the list
of offenses bad at relationships
wife-beater financially ignorant and
because of those Glastonbury comments
legitimately and completely psychotic
nice rap sheet Johnny and now to add to
it this past weekend at comic-con in San
iego that's the ridiculous convention
where they often make film announcements
but also where grown adults dress up
like mystical and fictional creatures
cosplay as in costume play so this
weekend the comic-con in San Diego Depp
shows up dressed in his Harry Potter
fantastic beasts outfit and participates
in a question-and-answer session now
these panels are utilized as an
opportunity for attendees to ask
questions of the cast and crew and just
general discussion about the project or
future projects down the road but Johnny
Depp in Zoe Kravitz decided to take a
turn and make it political to which the
crowd collectively groaned now this is
what I've noticed the general population
is so incredibly over it they might not
like the president but everyone is so
sick of the outrage not everyone
obviously people like Johnny Depp and
zoe kravitz still feel the need to
verbally vomit their hate for the
President on the rig so during the
question and answer session one
convention goer asked the cast what they
would do if they could perform magic in
real life and that's when zoe kravitz
said that she would impeach trump really
honey if you had one thing you could do
with your magic that's what you would do
not make world peace or eradicate hunger
or cure cancer or even give everyone
like a free Philly cheesesteak on
Thursdays the whole world would get a
Philly cheesesteak on Thursdays that
would be amazing
so would curing cancer but Johnny and a
dig - our POTUS and our current state of
affairs in this country said this and I
love when ignorant people try to sound
so impactful like their George freaking
Washington on Rhode Island green as two
hundred British naval ships are rushing
in Johnny you're not George Washington
you're not even as cool as Curious
George you're ignorant George anyway he
said this we who live for freedom or
truth the moment has come to rise up and
take our rightful place in the world oh
good grief you people are so delusional
Johnny until you spent it all you had
the financial means to spend millions of
dollars a month thirty thousand dollars
on wine a month there are countries
where people don't make $30 a month like
Venezuela or Haiti or Cuba get a freakin
grip
you're doing just fine and by the way
the rest of us who can't afford that
lifestyle things are looking up for us
too under this precedent but people like
us are like them don't want to talk
about the unemployment rate or less
people on food stamps or home ownership
or holiday bonuses and pay raises
because well they can't bark about that
and use it as a platform to prop
themselves up and get more publicity
that's just how it is everybody have a
great Monday thanks for watching I'm
Amanda head the Hollywood conservative
for the rebel if you enjoyed my
commentary and want to hear more from
all of us here at the rebels subscribe
to our premium content at WWWE need
forward slash shows make sure you're
following us on Facebook and Twitter for
all of our latest news and download our
new app for the rebel media on the App
Store that way you will have instant and
easy access to all of our latest videos
and your favorite rebel shows
