we're in Burnaby British Columbia today
it's the morning of the eviction of Camp
cloud just up the hill and as we were
driving in we noticed something this is
the Kinder Morgan trans Mountain Trail
it's a trail that Kinder Morgan built to
be a good neighbor into this community
it's a beautiful force to trail there's
benches people were using it last night
when I was here for running and walking
their dogs because Kinder Morgan does
want to be a good neighbor and across
the street from the trans Mountain Trail
is this really cute charming
neighborhood tree-lined streets
well-groomed lawns beautiful houses
people who bought their houses knowing
that they were right across the street
from a pipeline in a pipeline terminal
and they certainly didn't mind so why do
the people up the hill mind if I lived
in one of these houses there would be an
occupation that's for sure but I would
be occupying the mayor's office and
demanding that he deal with the people
up the hill because these people are
paying property taxes and minding their
own business and they don't deserve
having this squalor up the hill from
them and having these people wandering
around their neighborhood for the rebel
media I'm Shiela gunnery we're here
today on Burnaby Mountain covering the
camp cloud protest camp and I'll be
frank with you the hopeful eviction of
all of them now to see all of our
footage and to help cover the cost of
our travel here and to cover the cost of
our security garden if you watch our
footage you'll see exactly why we need
it go to rebel Burnaby calm
you
