fights a warrant application on
quarter-page has been released and it
looks really bad for Democrats
so a heavily redacted version of the 412
page paisa 1hn Encarta page has been
released and it's looking pretty bad for
those trying to take down Donald Trump
in short in short 95% of the evidence
presented to the FISA Court was based on
that garbage Christopher steel dossier
but even worse even worse people like
James Comey and then acting Attorney
General Sally Yates signed off on the
information as vetted and verified now
to me that's perjury the information
wasn't vetted and verified in much of
the information almost all of it turned
out not to be true if Carter Page had
done 1% of what if they had alleged he
did he'd be rotting in Supermax right
now but the guy is named in charge with
jaywalking because he did nothing wrong
the entire investigation was predicated
upon junk junk and when James Comey and
Sally Yates and rod Rosen Stein and
others signed off on it and they signed
off on those verifications those
certifications clinging and all the
information has been verified they
committed perjury even if all the
information was 100% true they still
committed perjury
it wasn't independently better than
verified the FBI never sent people to
Russia the DOJ never said prosecutors
with those FBI agents to Russia the
interview Christopher Steele's Russian
sources nothing was ever checked beyond
saying the Christopher Steele trust it
yeah it's good okay and all those people
that presumably presented themselves
before the FISA Court Peter struck and
Andrew McCabe another agent saying yes
we vetted it yes we vetted it yes we
vetted it they all committed perjury as
well and again the proof is in the fact
that Carter Paige has never been charged
with anything
412 pages in this isuh application
accusing Carter page of having been a
Russian agent a Russian asset working
against the United States
but none of it was accurate none of it
was true the man hadn't done a thing
he's never been charged with anything
not so much as a speeding ticket
I hope he bankrupt the Department of
Justice and he goes after Comey and
Lynch and Yates and Rosen Stein and the
rest of them personally and Sue's them
sues them in a bankruptcy but of course
of course our federal court system I'll
never let him do that but the beauty
here is how the left is trying to spin
it now they're saying oh you know that
the FISA application tows that the court
was told that the steel dossier was used
but it never really told the court that
it was unverified and unvetted was paid
opposition research so secretive that
the payments were not disclosed at the
FEC the payments diffusion GPS who paid
steel weren't disclosed to the FEC they
were instead hidden through Hilary's law
firm Perkins koey
so that they could be concealed from
federal election commission disclosure
no this is bad this is really really
really bad
and be histrionics on the left the
MSNBC's and the CB cnn's I mean I
watched NBC Nightly News I never watched
that last night and they actually lied
to their viewers
they took random excerpts from the from
the vice application and reported that
reported that Carter page was actually a
Russian agent if I record a page I'd be
suing NBC News for 100 million dollars
this morning it was the most egregious
case of fake news I've seen in years
but all this hysteria tells you you're
nervous your entire narrative is
collapsing Muller's credibility is shot
Rosenstein is a shot
we have no Attorney General Jeff
Sessions need to go needs to go Donald
Trump needs to clean house I'm gonna say
it again even though I despise despise
special counsels we now need a second
special counsel to investigate the first
special counsel the Department of
Justice and the Federal Bureau of
Investigation not the rank and file but
those who ran those agencies during
Obama and in the early days of the Trump
administration we're gonna be talking a
lot about this story this physis story
as it unfolds as it develops so stick
with us here and also subscribe to our
premium service wwww media forward slash
shows also we're gonna be discussing it
live on my new show declassified live on
the rebels YouTube channel Monday
through Friday 7:30 a.m. Eastern you're
gonna love it you're going to love it
I'm going to hope you guys had a great
weekend I'll be back with you tomorrow
morning thanks
you
