so we're here on Burnaby Mountain at the
camp club protest site we're about two
hours past the eviction deadline for
these protesters and the RCMP isn't here
yet so we're just you know sort of
wandering around killing time inspecting
everything getting yelled at a little
bit to be honest and I sort of
discovered something being a bit of a
gardener in a green thumb myself down
here beside what I believe is the
communal shower I think I think this is
their community garden you can see some
sunflowers over there
some sunflowers way over there that
actually look like they're trying to
leave the garden because they know
what's good for them and it looks like
they planted some peas here these yellow
things out front and then also never
took care of them and then never
harvested the peas as they grew I think
there's a cucumber in there that needs
to be put out of their misery but I
really think this is a bit of a metaphor
for this camp and their plans for the
economy looks like they started
something they don't intend to finish
and looks like the weeds are gonna take
over for the rebel dot media I'm Shiela
gonna read up you know the target
you know the Alberta tar sands were
burning up they had there was a fire
there for about a year the media said
that it went out but it was actually
burning underground until the winter
it's probably still burning there's been
old spills now do you think sorry I
don't they don't tell you about an oil
spill unless they get busted for one so
how many oil spills are there everywhere
so why are you why do you want an oil
pipeline still when they're all leaking
how do you you're saying you want stuff
to leak the people doing their business
plans for the year they take into
consideration how much oil is leaking on
the land to take it out of the
the net profits of the year so what does
that say how much is leaking online it's
not it's not a good way and also rail
isn't a good way so it's time to gear
down what's where what is the electric
cars
why do you need why are you pro you have
no argument at all it's stealing
this is unseeded land and no one here
wants it ok can I just ask you a
question I have nothing why are you
covering your face violence it has
happened to people protecting water
especially and did use people in their
online especially people in solidarity
with the people protecting I have a
quick question for you though argument
how did all these cars get theirs
because that's the cheapest way the only
cars you can buy oil if you want to buy
a Tesla it's around $80,000 because
there's capitalism that's made from the
oil baron's
it's a system that's holding everything
down you have no argument but couldn't
the locals just take the bus I'm just
trying to say stop trying to hassle our
group here I'm not you did you're trying
to antagonize we know where we know who
you work for as the other event used to
work for you brainwash bullshit but
lying to the people so you can continue
to lie to the people that's all you can
ever have is lies and the author liberty
of lying lying my mind you can be like
the colonial corporation like even steel
you get some you know oh why should I
lose my job
why we're here today on Burnaby Mountain
covering the camp cloud protest camp and
I'll be frank with you the hopeful
eviction of all of them now to see all
of our footage and to help cover the
cost of our travel here and to cover the
cost of our security garden if you watch
our footage you'll see exactly why we
need it go to rebel Burnaby calm
you
