well once again diversity is our
strength except when it isn't case in
point
Andrew Shearer and the Conservatives
were branded as racists due to a recent
tweet pertaining to border security just
one hitch the tweet was far less about
racism and far more about reality
I don't know about you but I'm starting
to get really impatient waiting for a
conservative leader Andrew Shearer to
grow a spine because once again the
Liberals called them out on a bogus
charge and once again sheer collapse
like a cheap lawn chair here's the
skinny the other day the Conservative
Party released an ad on its Twitter feed
that depicted a man walking into Canada
at one of those unofficial border
crossings suitcase in tow as well he's
literally walking over a prime minister
Justin Trudeau's dumbass tweet from a
while back proclaiming Canada
well welcome you the U in this case
being the world's illegal or I mean
irregular immigrants oh did I mention
the migrant happens to be black well cue
the outrage oh you can't depict an
irregular immigrant as being black
that's racist even though many of those
asylum seekers are from Nigeria and
Haiti and Somalia oops so if we are
fielding asylum requests from migrants
many of whom happen to be black then why
is it racist for the Conservatives to
depict them accurately well the answer
seems to be it's racist because it just
is okay how can we hope to come up with
a solution to this problem if we can't
even have a honest discussion about it
but as we all know the mavens a
political correctness hate reality if
this slice of reality up for discussion
doesn't fall into their comfy albeit
surreal confines that is yet it's one
thing for the usual suspects to scream
racism even when there is absolutely no
racism at play but it's quite another
for the likes of Andrew Shearer to
capitulate to such a mindless mob why
couldn't she just affiant the tweet why
couldn't he use this latest so-called
controversy to make an impassioned
defense for border security something I
would wager that the majority of
Canadians would back him on
but no by removing the tweet at the
behest of his critics Shearer is
indirectly agreeing that the tweet was
indeed racist or insensitive or
inappropriate or whatever that's
pathetic
that's unreal and par for the course
it was spineless for the rebel media I'm
David the men's ID Menzies hey folks the
rebel has a brand new app please
download that app and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
