after supposedly offending the trans
community Scarlett Johansson has dropped
out of a forthcoming film in which she
was cast as a transgender man but has
the trans community shot itself in the
foot by demanding that only trans actors
can play trans roles I think so so
Scarlett Johansson evidently caused an
international backlash at least
according to the Telegraph when it was
announced she would be playing the
prostitution ring leader Dante Gill in a
film called rub-and-tug you see
apparently yet again we have another new
rule in place for our ever progressive
times and that unofficial rule is this
only trans actors are allowed to play
trans characters now it should be noted
that initially Scarlett rejected the
criticisms by the usual suspects to step
down from the role and at one point she
even issued a statement noting that
other actors who are not trends such as
Jeffrey Tambor and Felicity Huffman have
all played trans characters and to
critical acclaim no less indeed check
out Jared Leto in Dallas buyers club you
know what you don't deserve that money
you're homophobic ass gee I guess after
that role that wasn't much of a stretch
to play the Joker you know I don't know
which Jared Leto character disturbs me
the most but I digress at any event the
criticism regarding Johansson accepting
the role persisted and those screams of
transphobia eventually wore down this
mighty Avenger and so it was that she
recently waved the white flag of
surrender noting it would be downright
unethical for her as a real woman to
play the role of a trans person said
Johansson quote our cultural
understanding of transgender people
continues to advance and I've learned a
lot from the community since making my
first statement about my casting and
realize it was insensitive end quote
well alrighty then if these are indeed
the new rules in terms of gender and
acting ie that it is insensitive for non
trans actors to take on trans roles then
you know something I'm actually fine
with that
on one caveat however you see if these
trans roles are now exclusively assigned
to transgendered actors then the reverse
must also stand that only naturally born
male actors get to play male roles and
only naturally born female actors get to
play female roles and if that's the case
then it would appear that the trans
acting community has really screwed
itself out of lots of work given that
there really aren't a lot of movies out
there featuring trans characters since
oh I don't know The Crying Game after
all but hey the rules are the rules for
the rebel dot media I'm David the men's
ID Menzies hee folks may have heard the
rebel has a brand new app please
download that app and take the rebel
with you wherever you go
you
