is the president of the EU Commission
jean-claude Janka a drunk
so I've been reluctant to do this video
for a little while it seems kind of
tasteless but I think it's gotten to the
point where we do need to talk about it
now you've probably all seen the videos
by now of EU Commission President
jean-claude Juncker stumbling around
struggling to walk with many
commentators online wondering if he has
a drinking problem and I've said read
reports that explained Yonkers basically
taking medication for acute leg pain
that he suffers from painful attacks of
sky Attica and cramps and in all honesty
I believed it because the simple
explanation is usually the obvious one
right it's usually the most accurate and
surely a politician's surely a
politician of his at his level wouldn't
appear on stage in front of the whole
world drunk but take a look at this
video of him walking and see what you
think so looking at that it could well
easily be a man with walking problems
with pain in his legs who can't get
around properly anymore because of
advancing age and I don't intend to
suggest that he does have a drinking
problem but I do have some questions
after watching further videos and
reading some other reports so first of
all there's a story in the Daily Mail
that I read today that was published
earlier in the week and it talks about
Jonker drinking on the job the Mail
reported jean-claude Juncker one of the
most powerful men in Brussels has been
spotted stumbling around and unable to
walk at the recent NATO summit he has
repeatedly denied claims that he is an
alcoholic and insisted that is sometimes
shambolic appearances down to his
chronic back pain known as sky Attica
but in an explosive new account of
Brussels insider says that he had heard
the EU politician is a little too fond
of the bottle and mr. Janka has left his
ambitious and unelected chief civil
servant not in selma dubbed the monster
to run the commission it is claimed the
paper also refers to an article in The
Spectator by French journalist jean qua
trauma who talks about brussels being
awash with rumors that Janka has an
out-of-control drinking problem Quattro
Maher said in his piece numerous people
in Luxembourg in Brussels and in
European capitals can attest to several
examples of Jonker drinking he went on
when a bailiff brings him a glass of
water at a council of ministers we all
know it
in and while rumors are rumors and they
can be quite nasty especially in
politics but take a look at this video
so what you just saw was the president
of the EU Commission one of the most
powerful men in Brussels and well the
world comparing his tie with other world
leaders for some reason grabbing people
and kissing them not in a European way
but in the way that you might expect to
drunk 50-year old man to do at 3 a.m. in
a nightclub and then he was slapping
world leaders in the face just
repeatedly just hitting them round and
laughing as he did it but to top it off
he called Viktor Orban the Hungarian
Prime Minister a dictator to his face
ok so let me say whether this guy is
drunk or not it shows me that Yonkers
just not the man for the job he's got no
respect for leaders that don't share his
dystopian vision of Europe and he keeps
behaving like a child now if he does
have sky Attica and he's behaving like
this because of that and because of
medication then perhaps once or twice
people might forgive him for it but this
is constant and if it is a case of sky
Attica or medical issues then he should
be on medical leave frankly because he's
obviously not up for the job but if the
rumors are true and let's be honest
looking at these videos and reading
these reports it seems like there might
be some some ounce of truth in these
rumors then it says even more about the
state of the EU the leader of the EU
Commission is an absolute mess and the
EU supporting world leaders are helping
him get away with it and to top it off
dissenting world leaders are being
disrespected on the world stage
jean-claude Juncker a drunk I don't know
is he a disgrace well given the amount
of times he tried to punish the UK post
referendum and the way he behaves on the
national stage and the way he treats
world leaders he doesn't like I guess
that gives you a pretty good clue about
my opinion on that one if you like that
and want to see more remember to like
and subscribe and download the new rebel
app from the Apple App Store and the
Google Play Store
you
