I often wonder what the developing world
thinks of Canada in our ridiculous quest
to get off this miraculous gift in the
soil we have underneath us there you
know while they sit and burn you know
cow dung for heating and cooking and we
say well you know we got to get off cool
cuz it's a little it's not as clean as
we'd like it would be I'd like it to be
I mean they must just think that we are
complete and total idiots well you know
from what Merline pool said when you
would they don't really care they don't
even know nobody talks about climate
change in the developing of nations
they're too busy trying to survive well
i again i'm sure that many of them are
waiting for the big green handout from
the Green Climate Fund and that's
probably not going to happen either
you know they had projected that a
hundred billion dollars were needed to
put together this Green Climate Fund
from which all these poor countries who
had been oppressed and suffering from
our use of fossil fuels here West that
they could get that money and move ahead
of course behind this scenario which
most people don't see are the industries
that are saying we will give you money
as long as you buy our solar panels and
our wind turbines this way you will leap
over the fossil fuel regime in your
country and all will be well and good
you'll be clean and green no that's just
a way to stuff the pockets of the
investors in those wind and solar
companies and that to me is like a real
crime against humanity I've even read
that Germany has a lot of wind farms
that have reached the end of their
useful life and they can't recycle them
so they're just shipping them to Africa
and putting them up there
that's an excerpt from my weekly
full-length show the gun show on my show
I take on the issues of the day through
my Alberta conservative lens and I
talked to the real news makers the
mainstream media ignores to get access
to my show in all of our other premium
content click the link on the screen to
subscribe today
you
