Trevor Noah is getting eaten by his own
after the France World Cup tweet Daily
Show host Trevor Noah is accused of
racism after insisting that France's
World Cup champs are really from Africa
he tweeted tonight congratulations to
Africa on winning the 2018 Men's World
Cup he said I get it they have to say
it's the French team but look at those
guys you don't get that tan by hanging
out in the South of France my friends
noah's remarks weren't received very
well on social media people were calling
him a racist and pointing out that
nearly every team member regardless of
their race was born and raised in france
it circulated all over the internet and
all over france and people were quite
upset prompting the french ambassador to
the u.s. to write noah a letter in his
letter the ambassador stress that the
players rich and varied backgrounds is a
reflection of france's diversity to
which mr. Noah replied now I'm not
trying to be an asshole but I think it
is more of a reflection of france's
colonialism the ambassador pointed to
this saying unlike the United States of
America France's not referred to its
citizens based on their race religion or
origin Noah said he understood where the
Ambassador was coming from and how his
comments could be perceived as joining
the attack with France's far right but
he said his statements should be put
into context when I am saying they are
African I am NOT saying it in a way to
exclude them from their Frenchness but
using it as a way to include them in my
africanist he claims that to deny that
duality is something he vehemently
disagrees with Kevin raizy
a French comedian criticized the Daily
Show host for regurgitating a racist
joke that has circulated in France he
said this is what racists say about our
team here in France you didn't know now
you know one Twitter user who claimed to
be from France also slammed Noah saying
98% of the players were born in France
only two players were born in Africa but
they came here at the age of two so they
have grown up in France this is all
trite humor here in France this is so
racist to think that because they are
black they are not French they claim
their love of France you deny them the
right to
French is that what you want to deliver
to all african-americans also another
Twitter user wrote dude I like you but
maybe there is something wrong when you
start to use the quote joke already done
by Nazis calling France the last African
team in the World Cup is problematic
writes The Washington Post
yet not all far-right people claim that
France is an African team finally Africa
wins its first World Cup but in French
colours lol congratulations France well
deserved love the Croatian spirit though
and their great team spirit I am of
Croatian heritage and I'm also proud of
Croatia for how they handled everything
all the way here for France
aka Team Africa a hashtag World Cup
another Twitter user who has now deleted
her tweet said dear Italy this could be
you but you refused immigrants and then
everyone started slamming her on what
these are immigrants did to the country
they are eating their own when we agree
that the French team has African origins
the left want to point out that fact as
either a sign of how good diversity is
or that they have some sort of pride for
their African heritage but it also
reminds them when the right point out
that we have genetic heritage to be
proud of and that the French team is
made up of Africans either the left
complain about colonialism or want to be
proud of taking over a Western nation I
can't quite figure it out and it's
interesting to see how much they eat
their own and how confused they get
trying to figure out if pointing out
their heritage is racist or not it turns
out but the left do acknowledge that
black people Noah can be racist if you
want to see more from me and the rest of
the rebel team like and subscribe
you
