hey just in time for Christmas kids its
Justin as in the just incredible 38
centimeter tall doppelganger of our very
own touchy-feely prime minister justin
trudeau and he can be all yours to grope
for just 130 dollars plus shipping and
handling Oh lots of handling indeed well
folks because I love you I did it again
I took another one for the team
shelling out a hundred and thirty bucks
of my own moolah I bought this here
Justin Trudeau commemorative doll so
that well you don't have to he's fresh
off the press courtesy of the Bradford
exchange aka your collectible company of
choice you know the Bradford exchange it
is perhaps the world's pre-eminent
purveyor of trinkets and trash from snow
globes and sports logo for stuned
wristwatches to disney crapola and
cheesy cuckoo clocks if you want
high-priced collectible kitsch then you
need look no further than the
london-based Bradford exchange London
Ontario that is not the real London
speaking of cuckoos just feast your eyes
on this whiz-bang Justin Trudeau doll
isn't he beautiful and just like in real
life this Justin isn't just a pretty
face
this doll has intellectual heft ooh he's
a talking doll don't you know to quote
the Bradford exchange promotional
material the prime minister in his own
voice speaks inspirational words and
memorable quotes well alrighty then
let's give him a go shall we at this
point I'm going to pretend I'm puppet
master Gerald Butz and start pushing the
buttons on my marvelous little
marionette here there goes
it's time for a change in this country
my friends a real change no wait I'm
sure it gets better than that folks take
two okay
not quite the Gettysburg Address I get
it but let's give them another shot oh
my god this just can't be those are the
best quotes after three years in office
well come on
then again the doll does make for truth
in advertising folks the quotes are
vaping and vacuous the doll itself is
made out of plastic and it's
manufactured in China a country Justin
greatly admires I come to think of it
I'd say this Justin doll is a perfect
replica all things considered for the
rebel dog media I'm David the men's ID
Menzies hey folks the rebel has a brand
new app please download that app and
take the rebel with you wherever you go
you
