Netflix is creating a reboot of Shira
and the Internet has been blowing up
about it
so there is a reboot of she robbed
princess of power on Netflix it is an
iconic 80s cartoon series and it was
revealed that she looks quite different
than the original Shira is the twin
sister of he-man Shira was intended to
appeal to young girls the same way that
he-man appeal to young boys she is a
princess who discovers that she is the
long-lost twin of Prince Adam she was
kidnapped as a baby by the hordes leader
she was granted the sword of protection
which parallels he-man sort of power
gaining the power to transform her and
to shira her secret identity Shira is
known for her incredible strength many
times she has been shown to be able to
lift not only full-grown men and robots
but also mountain like rocks and
buildings
she is also depicted as being extremely
fast and acrobatic Shira also
demonstrates a series of other abilities
which appear to be more nurturing in
nature such as empathetic understanding
mental communication with animals and
healing as well as reading emotions and
human beings wow they really gave her a
traditional feminine empowering
characteristic traits and this new
series completely rips it away
in December it was announced that the
classic 80s animated series Shira
princess of power would be getting a
modern makeover on Netflix they are
working with DreamWorks to produce the
series with showrunner noelle stevenson
creator of the comic lumberjanes did you
notice that lumberjanes hmm seems a bit
but don't you think
she rotten the princess of power is the
story of an orphan named adora who
leaves behind her former life and the
evil horde when she discovers a magic
sword that transforms her into the
mythical warrior princess Shira the
San Diego comic-con issue of
Entertainment Weekly revealed she rouse
costume on July 16th which is a quote
cute twist on the original I wouldn't
really call it cute I would call it
mannish the original series combined
cheese Li sincere fantasy adventures
with an aesthetic that appealed to
preteen girls to put Shira front and
center the reboot will introduce her as
an orphan it reimagines her origin story
where she and her twin brother were
separated at birth
so they take the actual story and they
highlight the fact that she was
separated at birth and they make her an
orphan instead of this empowering
princess that finds out that she has
this other history in her life and this
whole new thing and it's empowering they
focus on this orphan story regardless of
shiraz critical response or popularity
with new viewers it's likely to face
some kind of backlash particularly since
it's a female led show with a female
showrunner this is totally wrong people
are not upset because it's female
they're upset because you're taking away
her femininity what happened to strong
feminine powers there are powerful
successful women who are also beautiful
beauty should not be taken away Noelle
Stevenson is a lesbian and looks quite
similar to her new shear Hawk character
I don't know why they are trying to
implant some sort of agenda it makes her
look like a boy I mean you can't deny
that there's an agenda here where is the
female empowerment why is it empowering
to take away femininity there is nothing
wrong with beauty if you want to see
more from me and the rest of the rebel
team like and subscribe
you
