I'm gonna sit right here okay with you
you sit right there
you are sweetheart I'm sorry that we're
having with your baggage she's not being
very nice
well that was theresa lund who serves as
executive director of Harvard
University's humanitarian Institute
Theresa was complaining because her
children were trying to sleep and the
daughter of Alison Laliberte
the mother who is filming that
interaction was apparently making too
much noise are you just mad because I
won't get off my own property I think
that's why you're mad right now okay so
go back upstairs to your kids like why
are you sitting here with me now I'm not
really sure how thin the walls are on
this Lunz place and kids can be really
annoying
even college kids can be really annoying
I remember not being able to sleep
because the clowns next door we're up
watching family guy at midnight or
having loud sex
mind your business okay so it would mean
but it's none of your business where I
live what my name is no actually she has
a point as long as that's a public area
there's really nothing to Risa can do I
think the layout here is probably a
Harvard housing off to one side
affordable apartments off to another
with a common space in between that
residents from both areas can use and to
be honest Teresa a couple dozen yards
isn't going to make much of a difference
after getting called racist by Alison
the Harvard employee apologized Monday
saying her response was inappropriate
and wrong and that this clearly wasn't
my best moment and I have work to do to
more consistently be my better self
so if Alison did actually live in the
cheaper housing this seems like a case
of coastal elites who virtue signal
about how much they love the less
fortunate to get their votes but when it
comes time to actually live with them I
mean can you imagine if we actually took
in all those refugees and put a few of
them in Teresa's neighborhood something
tells me she wouldn't be too pleased but
let's take a step back and look at the
bigger picture which is what the heck is
going on with Harvard if you join a
threat or sorority at the school you
will be prohibited from applying for
prestigious scholarships and whole
positions on campus the school also
requires faculty and students to take an
online sexual harassment module because
you know teaching people how not to rape
or make sexist jokes totally works
looming over all of this of course is
the possibility that Harvard is
discriminating against Asian American
applicants stay tuned when that lawsuit
hits the court in October for campus
unmasked I'm Rob shim shock if you like
this video and support our mission
please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
to calm
