Trump has arrived to the UK with his
historic visit with the Queen and I'm in
central London in Trafalgar Square where
protesters have gathered to oppose Trump
as an American I would like to see
exactly why they are opposing Trump and
what they have to say
purchasing Trump coming to the UK
because he stands for everything that
I'm against and not just me but the
entirety of London I think the UK we
have our differences but we can all come
together to collectively say that Donald
Trump is completely everything the
United Kingdom is absolutely against
well it's a little bit cliche now isn't
it I mean I don't like his attitude
towards women and to the hat hence
the hat courtesy of my wife all of
the policies that he's made are really
harmful to lots of different groups of
people we feel that it's even if that
doesn't directly affect us it's like our
duty to fight for the people who can't
always fight for themselves policies
like the Muslim ban policies like is
antiabortion stance policies that have
been part of the Republican Canon for a
long time that he's pushing further and
further into a sort of dystopian
nightmare and I'm protesting to him
coming to the UK because I don't think
that his policies should be welcomed
here especially but like it like they
shouldn't even welcome in America like
the stuff with it like it's just an
infallible list because there's fascism
there's immigration there's like
abortion rights
there's the israel-palestine conflict
there's like there's just it's just such
a long list of things to do and like I
think that Trump's involvement in the UK
is just going to push the UK more to the
right they're bringing children to this
event
some capitalism at work is really
selling a lot actually capitalism works
baby they love it socialist love
capitalism
you'll be easy to say why would I like
Trump I don't like Trump because he's
racist xenophobic homophobic transphobic
deporting immigrants the families every
he does everything in his power to
damage the lives of everyone but the
white male just impressing all
minorities which is pretty - allowing
children to go to court without parents
understanding four and five-year-olds
too poor they barely know where they're
from it's not fair on them it's not so
obviously the fact that he's really
oppressing trans people not letting them
serve in the men military and I'm not
letting the use that them use the
bathrooms their choice rings very much
with him did you did you not like him
before he came into office with some of
these policies like where there are
specific things you didn't like or were
you like oh my god I don't like what
he's doing now
things like grab him by the sea he's had
many sexual yeah
what do you think about the advice that
Trump gave Teresa may about brexit and
how to handle that I think that Teresa
may is hardly the best person to even
have a voice on brexit so any advice
that's given to her by Donald Trump can
only take her stance and her power into
further you know she's got no power
she's been said the EU have said she
can't negotiate this and taking advice
from Donald Trump is only gonna make her
position worse it's like who the hell do
you think you are honey like but what
like what's your authority to be able to
give like Teresa my advice and I mean
it's weird it's weird even talking about
it cuz I'm like not a fan of Theresa May
you know I mean so we like talk about
what Theresa May should or shouldn't do
like the idea would be that we actually
had a socialist government that was
further away from America anyway and
then it would just wash its hands of
America completely unpleasant world I
think it's complete bollocks I mean I
think most of what Trump says is he's
just trying to interfere and force
people to do what he wants so America
gets more and he's not trying to make it
work out for anyone else he's just
trying to screw everyone else over so he
gets something out it's not just about
how he's trying to do it for America
he's more doing it for himself and you
know the 1% the rich people and that he
doesn't really care about his own it's
my views on on this is May and and and
and and and Brad said it's probably not
for not for broadcast however I would
just say to mr. Trump what a lot of
American commentators said when
President Obama expressed his view stop
meddling in our bloody politics America
first
how do you feel that truck meeting the
Queen I'm not a massive fan of the Queen
either and I don't know that the Queen
represents enough people in this country
for her meeting Trump's I mean
anything's a British public apart from
monarchy siding with fascism which is
nothing new yeah that's just weird
anyway it's like who even is the green
like what you know I mean like what like
what the hell is just it's just all such
a like fast and it's all for show
and sort of like it's probably it's just
to show like the American population
they're like chump must welcomed in
Britain and he had tea with the Queen
and stuff and it'd be interesting to see
how this protest gets portrayed on
through like American media American
mainstream media and if it's going to be
like showing to the extent that it has
been then the American people can see
that Trump is not popular in the UK like
I don't know any people that actually
like him you know I mean I'm not the
biggest fan of the monarchy I mean I
kind of I heard this whole thing about
how they were worried that him and
Prince Charles we're gonna have a fight
and I'm kind of sad that doesn't seem to
have happened because I think that would
have been great right okay
the Queen I think the Queen and they try
make a perfect pair because who does
Trump love rich white people who do
nothing that sounds like the Queen a
rich white woman he does nothing so
obviously they're gonna get along I
think it's an insult to this country
that he's meeting our royal family he
does not he's done nothing to deserve
that kind of privilege and especially
with the new princess who by the way
actively campaigned against Trump so I
just think that whole thing is a mess
America and the UK have always been
allies what do you think about that
relationship with Trump in padua you
used to be one of us but then you know
that guy Washington fought a war and you
decided to go your own way but it's
always allies I think that definitely
needs to be sanctions in place first and
foremost because he is essentially
committing violation of human rights
human rights laws and the UN Council
said the same thing himself
if truism a wants to show herself to be
a strong leader which she's not
then she needs to stand up against Trump
because she may be right-wing she may be
conservative but even Teresa may is not
like Trump so she needs she needs to
just get her tush it's I don't think we
should be promoting a deal with America
if we if America has a president such as
Trump in power imposing all of these
rules that damaged so many lives and put
so many people in at risk I don't know
if it's Trump I wouldn't want to be an
ally because you never know what he's he
has always something on his agenda why
he's so nice and and his relationship
with Russia so I wouldn't trust him at
this protest we see a lot of scantily
clad men dressed in their underpants
dressed as women along with a lot of
vulgarity on shirts and signs and you
see children walking amongst us people
brought their children to this type of
event with a lot of this vulgarity and
scantily clad men and we also see a
common theme that people don't like the
monarchy they really do not care for the
Queen not at all and they don't want
this relationship between America and
the UK they don't care for the trade
agreement which makes sense because they
are socialists and they also seem to
think that everyone in the UK does not
like Trump and doesn't want them here
however I have seen personally up north
people actually really do like Trump in
the UK I'm Martina Marco de with rebel
media if you want to see more from me
and the rest of the rebel team like and
subscribe
you
