the patriarchy proved once again it is
an unstoppable force except this time
the fantasy made up by the left that men
are pushing women out of all their
industries of all their work and taking
over everything is now being praised by
many liberals why do you ask because
this time a woman is being forced out of
her job to be replaced by a man oh yeah
hum I need a translator to finish this
one I'm Ben Davis this is for your
Hollywood
Scot Johansson was pins who played the
lead role and then not-so-subtle title
rub-and-tug
the story of a gangster ish person who
was named Dante Gill or Rex who is
basically a woman who chose to live as a
man and dress like a man who ran a
prostitution ring out of a massage
parlor this is a huge outrage because
there's no way Scarlett Johansson could
play a woman living and acting like a
man I mean there's no way and acclaimed
actress won most popular women in
Hollywood for the past decade could
possibly possibly take on a role where
you had to wear men's clothing only a
transgender person or maybe a man
pretending to be a woman could possibly
act transgender because of course
according to the left there is no
difference whatsoever between men and
women if you say otherwise you're a
bigot since after all anyone who says
they're a man is a man and can obviously
play a woman who decides to live and act
and dress like a man in a movie about a
woman who is now a man obviously I mean
come on it's called progress it's called
America googley it's called America okay
thank you so much when did this insanity
happen do you remember Jared Leto yeah
the guy who played a transgender man to
a woman and was in the movie Dallas
buyers club he won an Oscar that was
fine even praised so it changed when did
this happen it is when the Left
introduced an incredibly corrosive and
dangerous stance of identity politics
and the victim narrative so now even
these progressive actors and actresses
have to fall into their party line and
obey the limits of their collective
groups Scot Johansson may be a woman but
she's not a transgender she is way down
the totem pole on the victim hierarchy
sorry you are not a victim of that
oppressed identity no you're a cisgender
white female who is way more privileged
honestly I do feel bad for Scarlett in
this position because even though I
disagree with her politics she is an
incredibly gifted actress and is
renowned worldwide and she did nothing
wrong as she's being smashed for not
being politically correct enough yeah we
need more female leads we need more
female superheroes here you go here's
ghost Michelle a multi-million dollar
film with international draw to it this
is what you want right no we have to
boycott that film because she's white
and this is an Asian story even though
the lead character is made up and it's
an
anime character who's not even Asian
honestly doesn't just make your head
hurt thinking about that and if you feel
that way welcome to the center right
where you can be you and do you and I
can be me and do me and you can act in
whatever role you're asked to go act in
so to sum up this whole debacle if
you're a woman on the Left you are not
allowed to play the role of a woman
dressing up and living as a man only a
transgender man or a man is allowed to
play that role because there is no
difference between men and women which
would of course allow Scarlett Johansson
to play a man because there's no
difference between a man and a woman
playing a man I'm Bette Davis this is
pure Hollywood and another fantastic
news you can now download the rebel and
take me with you wherever you go to get
exclusive content and the entire rebel
lineup
you
