so this the guy's a Palestinian and he's
one of the causes in my mind of the
mainstream media's narrative against the
IDF so he does multiple pieces against
the IDF he does multiple pieces against
Israel and he's one of the reasons the
mainstream media continued to lie so to
interrupt sir I just wanted to ask you a
question he's part of the problem you
guys are part of the problem in my view
he's one of the reasons we failed to get
a real perspective Palestinian trying to
help Israel it's very rude to use
someone like this why do you always say
it's for me
my job interrupts the narrative of the
mainstream media and move down to the
boss on the hill and this is what you
you know every day and the management
people like this they are the problem
and they are not honest about the fact
that they are problems I'm here in
Israel in her prom with my Palestinian
friends and I ask you I beg you I plead
with you I'm gonna and was your mean
listen to their lies
ask yourself what's the truth find your
truth and stand strong people in Heffron
deserve better than this kind of lazy
media join us the rebels at rebel is
real calm
