so first of all that's a question that
Ottawa refuses to answer they've been
asked many many times everybody's put in
lots of access to information requests
Ottawa refuses to answer it so
Saskatchewan doing the due diligence
that really is absolutely required in
this situation
Saskatchewan worked with the University
of Regina experts is there did some
really comprehensive analysis they put
out a report that's two hundred and
seventy six of pages long and of course
there's a lot of a range of variables
here but what they said is that you know
the the negative range could be that a
carbon tax would knock out about 1.8
billion dollars out of the Saskatchewan
economy every year when it hits $50 a
ton and in addition to that it could
cost families up to a thousand bucks per
you know when you look at that 1.8
billion dollar number that's about 2.4
percent of the GDP that's a huge amount
of money that's that's a really tough
blow to an economy that's still shakily
rising from some of the struggles we've
had with low energy prices in the last
number of years that's a that's a big
price to pay for a policy that's pretty
shaky in terms of helping the
environment yeah I mean 2.4% if you take
2.4 percent out of an economy unless
that economy is just roaring to begin
with you're pretty much throwing it into
a recession and again I don't want to
delve into the the obvious point I that
this is for nothing like we're achieving
no change in the weather we have not
plac aided the foes of industry so the
whole thing's a joke to begin with but
what we're trying to measure here is the
cost of it now let me ask you why
what excuse has Justin Trudeau provided
for not giving the information I mean
the government's are full of information
if this tax is going to be brought
forward we should know its economic
impacts why have they said they're
keeping their estimate of the punishing
costs why have they said they're keeping
that secret so the main explanation we
typically get is that Ottawa is asking
the provinces to impose a carbon
until they know what the provinces plan
is it's hard for them to estimate what
the cost would be now that's totally a
false explanation for two reasons first
of all they do have lots of analysis you
don't have to know exactly what
somebody's going to do to estimate what
the impact could be on a range of
possibilities in fact here's the results
to the access to information request
that we did it's all blacked out they're
not showing the numbers they do have
nobody's saying they have to know
absolutely everything about what will
happen but they do need to do at least a
due diligence of showing the numbers
they do have but here's another reason
that that's an absolutely false excuse
mm-hmm I want to let you in a little
secret Ezra you don't have to be James
Bond you know with super spy gadgets to
figure out what Saskatchewan is gonna do
on the carbon tax
what kind of provincial policy they've
got cooking
look Saskatchewan says it's not imposing
a carbon tax yeah that's what premier
Brad Wall said that's what premier Scott
Mo said that's what everybody who has
ever listened to anything coming out of
the government of Saskatchewan knows
they're not imposing a carbon tax so
there is no reason that Ottawa can't
figure out what it would look like if it
imposes a carbon tax because if a carbon
tax hits Saskatchewan it's coming from
Ottawa yeah it's not from Regina it's
gonna come from Ottawa they know that we
know that everybody knows that if they
don't have all of the math done they
need to get it done because if they're
gonna do it it's gonna come from Ottawa
for them to say that they don't know
that is baffling it's totally
nonsensical that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Ezra Levante show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
