so quick correction all I said earlier
on my livestream that though I am
soldier X demonstration was on Sunday by
veterans against terrorism it's actually
on Saturday my bad
so if you can't make it to London on
Saturday go along there'll be lots of
proud expects there to help raise
awareness of postmates stress disorder
and all the other problems our armed
forces suffer from so if you can make it
as I said I'd be down Saturday if I
could
unfortunately a pre-booked weekend away
with my children thank you and if you're
if there's not us conspiracy for silence
this or I am soldier X movement look how
many pictures are coming in look at the
messages look at the armed forces
defying their orders and having their
pictures taken with me and yet no
mainstream media have covered it if
that's not evidence enough this
conspiracy that they're all no one will
cover it no one will show any of the
comments the Armed Forces are making no
one will show the fact they were all
uniting together now I won't even
mention it far from us the only good
thing is we don't need the mainstream
media we are the media every one of you
are the new media every one of you to
share the posts every one of you you
pick a camera phones up everybody who's
live-streaming that science happens
you're the media not the monopoly that
they had in telling people how to think
what to think and demonize and slander
people it has gone unlucky you old media
meet the new me
you
