in the israeli-palestinian conflict if
the Israelis are really the hateful ones
why is it that in Israel terrorist
groups like Hamas claim so many of the
Palestinians killed and then in the West
not letting the other side speak is
something done exclusively by pro
palestinian students to pro-israel
students oh and then there's also the
vandalism like today's story let's take
a look if you took a trip to the
University of Oregon last week you might
have run across this Jewish hello group
sign which was defaced with free
Palestine you fucks what appears to be
the number 21
something illegible and then what looks
like fuck your high horse honestly isn't
the whole point of graffiti to
communicate a message I mean you can
have illegal but still really beautiful
graffiti sometimes in the city but this
is just lazy anyway the school student
life VP Kevin Marbury called the
vandalism in unacceptable violation of
our university values and said
anti-semitism and other forms of hate
have no place at the University of
Oregon meanwhile the Student Senate has
passed a resolution supporting the
boycott divest sanction movement which
calls on schools to stop doing business
with companies like HP and Boeing that
support Israel but the administration
wasn't quite on board University of
Oregon president Michael shill said to
many Jewish people myself included the
BDS movement not only seeks to criticize
the policies of the current Israeli
government but also calls into question
the very right of the State of Israel to
exist and let's be honest the whole
notion of boycotting is pretty absurd
I'm not going to boycott Green Day just
because they hate president Trump no
I'll still Jam to their tunes because
for me the personal is not political
okay occasionally when hashing out the
theme song for a border control themed
reality TV show I might take cheap
entirely figurative shots like Boulevard
of broken dreams more puns where that
came from in my rebel columns but you
get the point I'm not going to judge a
product based on the politics or funding
decisions of the people who make it but
back to these
Palestinian conflict I am going to judge
pro Palestinian students when I so
consistently see stuff like this fucking
all of you for the sake of my family for
the sake of my people who are dying
dying because of our money funding
companies profiting off of our deaths I
wonder every time I see a fucking
massacre and Gaza it wasn't my fuckin
institution is making a profit off of it
blood on our hands what happened to
civility then again nowadays we're told
that civility is just code for white
supremacy for campus unmasked I'm Rob
Simms Jacque if you like this video and
support our mission please make sure to
comment and subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus on
mass comm
