well I pine for the days when Canada's
media party would go to the mats would
go to the wall over a sixteen dollar
orange juice that a federal cabinet
minister named Bev Oda expensed I think
she did it from a hotel minibar those
are notoriously overpriced sixteen
dollars it must be a thousand stories on
that sixteen dollar orange hue since she
was eventually drummed out of cabinet
those were the days eh because the
Canadian Taxpayers Federation has news
on some of the spending under the
Trudeau regime how I longed for those
sixteen dollar orange juices if you have
a sixteen dollar orange juice what kind
of cup would you drink it out of well
here's the good news
Justin Trudeau's liberals are buying
glasses little champagne flutes and
cocktail glasses the actual glasses
themselves cost on average are you ready
for this a hundred and seventeen dollars
and throwing us now via Skype is our
friend Erin woodrick the federal
director of the Canadian Taxpayers
Federation I just scratched the surface
there Erin but a hundred and twenty
seven thousand dollars spent on crystal
glassware an average of a hundred and
seventeen bucks a glass that's insane
and those are pretty pricey glasses so
they bought a thousand of them as we're
over the last couple of years they're
customized as well and you know the
funny thing is we didn't really know how
much those cost is would cost we thought
what's that what's a really high-end
comparison so we went to the Tiffany
website Tiffany and Co their Canadian
website you can buy a wine glass from
Tiffany Ezra for fifty five bucks so
these glasses that global affairs a
spotter actually twice as expensive as
Tiffany crystal yeah and that's if
you're a retail customer buying from
Tiffany's I can imagine if you said to
Tiffany I want to buy a thousand glasses
they'd probably give you a bit of a bulk
discount the hood Spa the hood spa of
this Canada's running a massive deficit
I remember Justin Trudeau telling a
wounded veteran and Edmonton that
veterans are just asking for more
we can give but when it comes to the
lips of our diplomats nothing is good
enough for them unbelievable and I just
I tell you why don't we let me I mean a
great story and I saw some coverage of
it today in the media and
congratulations to you but it's nowhere
near the mania that was around babo does
$16 orange juice I mean this is a
hundred and seventeen bucks a glass and
the media party just doesn't seem to be
revved up about it yeah it is really
strange you know this is this is more
money and six not one glass of orange
juice it's a thousand thousand crystal
glasses here and you know it's
frustrating yeah we this is certainly
like maybe the last one global affairs
of there I can tell you we actually had
there's a conscientious person inside
Global Affairs and anonymous person who
sent us some tips hmm so there's at
least one good person in there that
realize that this was ridiculous and
sent us this death on where to look and
this is not going to be the last example
so I certainly hope do attention is paid
you know we gave bevel with a hard time
for her orange juice but we think this
is this is on a whole nother level in
terms of wakes that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Ezra Levant show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on youtube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
