another fail by a Hollywood leftist this
time by comedian comedian Sacha Baron
Cohen now this is disappointing because
I used to think Sasha Baron Cohen was
pretty hilarious when he did the Ali G
show and a couple of his other
characters he was pretty witty pretty
good but this is just another instance
of Hollywood gone nuts much like that
idiot Michelle wolf celebrating abortion
celebrating abortion on her Netflix
special disgusting stuff these people
are just out of control they're terrible
terrible people well a new story at a
People magazine says Sarah Palin claims
evil Sacha Baron Cohen duped her into an
interview by posing as a disabled vet
now full disclosure I know Sarah Palin
I've gotten to know her over the last
year or so having done a few events
together and having a mutual colleague
and she's one of the nicest people I've
ever met the media attacks on her were
brutally brutally unfair really nice
woman really nice family down earth just
an all-around good person and good
family well this is really really bad
stuff apparently Sacha Baron Cohen is a
new Showtime series called what a who is
America
Sarah Palin in a lengthy Facebook post
depicted while she additions they
depicted she detailed what Cohen did to
her and she said that he basically made
her fly across the country he posed as a
disabled veteran and asked her and one
of her daughters to fly across the
country now remember her daughter
Bristol had a baby with a Medal of Honor
recipient Dakota Meyer they're appealing
son served in the war on terror
honorably
he went into combat this is a military
family now Sarah Palin thought the
interview was legitimate and when she
got there Cohen was heavily disguised in
a wheelchair posing as a disabled
veteran
their parents had quote out of respect
for what I was led to believe would be a
thoughtful discussion with someone who
had served in uniform I sat through a
long interval interview full of
Hollywood isms disrespect and sarcasm
but finally had enough and literally
physically removed my mic and walked out
much to cowan chagrin the disrespect of
our US military and middle-class
American we have Poland's foreign
commentaries under the guise of
interview questions was perverse she's
right you went on to say mock
politicians and innocent people innocent
public personalities all you want if
that lets you sleep at night but how
dare you mock those who have fought and
served our country
brutally sick but even worse those who
have fought and served our country and
have been injured disabled for doing so
Hollywood doesn't care Hollywood is
reprehensible now and disgusting they
hate this nation so much especially the
foreigners like Sasha Baron Cohen but
they'll stop at nothing the degrade and
disrespect American heroes it's
reprehensible it's disgraceful
Showtime should pull the show off the
air and like Sarah Palin asks every
dollar generated by that show if they
choose to air it should go to veterans
charities this is this is really one of
the worst I've heard of I want to bring
you these stories every day because
they're really important and I'm also
doing it live every morning 7:30 to 8:30
a.m. Eastern on my new show Declassified
live so please tune in on the rebels
YouTube channel also download the rebel
a p-- really want you to do that but go
see my show every morning 7:00 come see
my show 7:30 to 8:30 a.m. Eastern on the
rebels YouTube channel be classified
live as always thank you so much for
watching you have a great afternoon I
will see you tomorrow
