you can go on forever I mean then go for
it this way it's going to be solved and
that's what I keep asking how is it
solved we were just discussing how is it
what's the answer well I mean of course
thinking about about a solution from my
own point of view and I don't represent
anybody no I just represent myself I
find out that today we're in a conflict
it's about money and it's all about
making you know money from the
foundation that comes from abroad it's
it's never been religious conflict to
words it's never gonna be religious
conflict but they're you know like we
can get trying to make it religious
conflict is just holding
responsibilities over religion or over
their shoulders there are no other
people that they can hold the
responsibility of conflict or solve it
so they're making money out of effort
and how do how are they making money the
foundation that comes from abroad they
receive tons of billions of dollars from
abroad they're not going to wake up next
morning to say you know what guys let's
stop this income and find peaceful
people do you think it's more profitable
to be in conflict yeah making more money
they make more money through conflict or
declines looked worse by it's crazy
situations do you think without the
government's without the money flowing
in from international foundation without
the money with NGOs without all the rest
do you think Israelis and Palestinians
would find peace if the outside world
unity to find peace and I mean it
doesn't necessarily mean that you know
all right if Road money don't come here
then peace will come next morning but
there's there's going to be like really
higher opportunity to apply real peace
on the ground either on what to state or
one estate however it is what the main
thing in it is just funny peaceful
people if you'd like to find out more
from me and the rest of the rebel team
do join us at rebel is real calm
you
