the New York Post had a pretty sassy
lead over the weekend saying the
israeli-palestinian conflict has claimed
two casualties at the pricey Riverdale
country school now that's not referring
to deaths or injuries but instead to to
teachers jobs let's take a look here on
campus on mass we typically talk about
college craziness but it's important to
remember that indoctrination academic
freedom and even political violence
often start before students at the age
of 18 parents at the elite Riverdale
country school in New York got a letter
last week saying we have looked into
questions that were raised about the
conduct of a very small number of
faculty members and have initiated
conversations with the faculty both
broadly and specifically about the most
effective and appropriate ways to deal
with controversial subjects as a result
of these events two faculty members will
not be returning in September one of
these teachers was Sean redden who was
first suspended without pay after an
incident in which according to a parent
he bashed Israel after the country in
May killed 60 Palestinians the vast
majority of whom if you remember were
terrorists Riverdale also booted Joel
Dorfler who said on a pro-palestinian
outlet that there exists at Riverdale
and in the culture at large assertive
influential and highly emotional
supporters of Israel and of pretty much
everything it does and has done who are
hell-bent on stifling academic
investigation now leftist faculty are
notorious for playing the victim and
crying hate speech when anything
remotely conservative libertarian or
even classically liberal comes onto
their campus but then they claim
academic freedom when their own ideas
are targeted so let's take a look at
Dorfler zone ideas he talked to teachers
and administrators a couple years ago
and said history curricula are
controversial because history by which I
mean what historians write and teach is
an important element in national
invention and integration national
narratives are frequently battlefields
where contemporary political issues are
fought out in these often vitriolic
debates far more is usually at stake
simple questions about what actually
happened in the past so we immediately
see that Dorfler subscribes the
progressive notion that there is a
difference between history and the past
these people believe like author and NDP
politician Thomas King said that history
is the stories we tell about in the past
when history is no longer just the
unchangeable fact left us then have an
excuse to Mol's their politics into
curriculum and discredit history they
don't like as some kind of false
narrative no bad Dorfler the guy also
says that when parents complain about
his course the headmaster encouraged the
teacher to allow speakers picked by
parents into the class about this
Dorfler said and noticed the word choice
here what teacher after all wants to
take on the israel lobby and its local
minions but here's the problem dude you
can't admit that you have a biased
approach to teaching and then smear
others with different points of view as
activists now can you why can't we just
agree to return to the days when kids
were taught how to think not what to
think
for campus unmasked I'm Rob trim shock
if you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
