he quickly moves to yes we as a society
need to do better and I'm your hero I
think I finally see through the apology
trick that's my take on it what do you
think
yeah well this story's clearly not so
much about Justin Trudeau having made a
misstep but about how Ezra and Anthony
and Joe and Bob and everyone out there
can learn to be better people through
this experience it's like he is
providing a great opportunity for us and
he's kind of convening the healing
circle I mean it's just so rich Ezra and
it's gotten to the point where he's to
you to your point I mean I think he's
he's more or less losing everyone and
everyone knows what's going on here now
I I was no fan of the the hysteria and
the overreach of me too and a lot of
very articulate and eloquent women
people like Barbara Kay and Sue Ann levy
they're saying a lot of great stuff
about this at a Camille palea and
Catherine Deneuve I mean people who are
even on the left of the spectrum
basically saying come on folks you know
we need to assess our priorities a bit
more but Justin Trudeau would have none
of it he was all for the mob he wanted
people to be tossed out irregardless of
the facts and then any sort of findings
that he wanted people put on hiatus
immediately and all of a sudden here he
is saying well we do not need an
investigation and inquiry into my
conduct I have determined that I mean
how rich is that Azra and and we've seen
recently and in the past couple poles
and of recent months that women are
actually really losing faith in Justin
show the Conservative Party is is the
number one pick of women right now in
Canada you can really see why because I
think if you didn't follow politics in
great in great detail you would have
thought that his his feminism stuff was
very genuine and heartfelt but now it's
gone from being stick to totally icky I
mean I just I just feel icky talking
about this whole thing this male
feminists masking around to to save all
of Canada's women and then this has
befallen him I mean it's it's it's
really not working for him now that's an
excerpt from my daily TV show the Ezra
Levante show normally it's behind a
paywall but I thought you'd like this
video so we put it on YouTube if you
want to subscribe to watch the daily
show every day including always two
interviews today and I read my hate mail
just click on this screen and become a
Premium Member
you
