what's the key message that you are
trying to give out we've been living in
this town for thirty eight hundred years
that's a lot 3,800 years of living in
the same place okay and we are if I
would use non-jewish terms I would call
us the Knights of the Mikayla okay we
are the protectors of this building here
this building is the tombs of our
fathers and mothers for thirty eight
hundred years ago Abraham you heard of
Abraham of course the you know you're
conservative right yes okay well where
do our values come from they start with
Abraham and he recognized God he sought
out God and then God sought him out back
okay was a love affair yes and this
place is about a love affair it's
actually about Abraham and Sarah Isaac
and Rebecca Jacob and Leah there's great
romance here there's great love here
this love started a family which gave
birth to a nation the nation of Israel
now today we are fighting to live in
this place because there are forces that
want to say that we don't belong here
then we're foreigners here then we're
occupiers here now this behind us right
now is a 2000 year old building on top
of tombs that are thirty eight hundred
years old I'm the epitome of an
indigenous person I'm nothing of an
occupier I'm a Hebrew from this land and
how many of you are there how many
Jewish people are there here in Hebron
okay so we have about a block of ten
thousand we have about a thousand she
was living in Hebron we have a sister
city called Kiryat Arba right next door
which is about nine thousand and there's
about two hundred thousand Arabs we're
outnumbered here today a different parts
of history we were the majority today we
are the minority so if we look at it in
this sort of two blocks just in hebron
we'd have eight hundred jews and about
two hundred thousand Arabs that would be
correct and then you have a battalion
almost don't you of IDF to protect and
defend you
right well this battalion wouldn't be
here if it wasn't a value for the whole
State of Israel the State of Israel
provides this battalion and they don't
do it for us we're not paying them the
reason the State of Israel does that is
because this is a strategic spot for us
historically and in terms of our
narrative we have about 700 thousand
visitors a year here what because the
Jewish people all over the world and
then and folks who believe in the
biblical story come here to connect so
we are really we keep this place open we
are like the
of life we keep the place open if we
wouldn't be here and the army wouldn't
be here this place was closed right up
and nobody would have access that's what
happened at the tomb of Joseph and I
wanted to ask just because I'm a mom I
have three kids I go when I'm home I do
the school run I come back maybe I go to
the supermarket come back you know patre
about in an average life a daily life of
a normal mom here normal Jewish mom
trying to live her life in Hebron what
does it mean for her to be a minority
what does it mean for her to be living
in this bit what does it mean in terms
of her life how does it impact well
first thing is that you're right it's
not so normal it's not as normal it's a
militarized zone on the one hand on the
other hand we try very hard to keep it
as normal as possible we provide vans
for secure vans for kids to go to school
close by but the kids grow up with
something that a lot of times we miss in
with the Western world which is courage
meaning satisfaction that they're doing
something important living a life of
historical meaning so these kids grow
very strong okay they grow up they grow
up tough and they grow up believing in
something they don't just grow up you
know playing Playstation and and and
minding their iPhone they're they're
beyond that a little bit and so they
have something to aspire for it to yearn
for they have strengths I was just
listening to some of the boys so these
are lads there's some lads down there on
the steps quite muscular lads looking
fairly tough already they're going to be
future members of the IDF or hoping to
be I'm hearing North London accents I
heard Hackney what why I don't get it
okay so Jews from all over the world
yeah are hearing the call that we are in
the process of rebuilding ours our state
our nation our Commonwealth when the
process of rebuilding our third
Commonwealth that's cool and so young
people who are in college looking to
rebell looking to do something to belong
look it's looking to be honest about how
they feel and looking to have a point of
view being sick of being suffocated by
not being allowed to have a point of
view they're coming yes right and and
they're gonna fill their life with
meaning they're gonna build a country
they're gonna defend a country they're
gonna be back to those values what's
your age limit on on taking elderly sort
of 43 year old ladies into your idea is
there a little opening when dropping by
I've got people volunteering for the IDF
that are 70 and 80 we have programs like
that's called sorry L we got all kinds
of folks coming in but more than
anything I think that there's people all
over the world like you here today that
are
part of this great story it's not just
defending Israel it's part of a great
story of the in gathering of the exiles
of rebuilding the state pushing back on
the cheating back fighting back yeah
beautiful values really a throwback and
so a lot of people all over the world
are actually part of it now if you read
if you listen and watch them read the
media you'll think like the whole
world's against us but it's not it's so
not and if I am I know you're very busy
man I know you've got a million things
to do if you had a message I'm thinking
about our American followers we have a
lot of Americans that follow us because
they're so supportive of Trump and
Israel what's your message to Americans
in terms of the fight for our
judeo-christian culture what's your
what's your kind of rallying cry to them
right now we're in a narrative war okay
the other side for example in Israel
they tried to defeat us physically
militarily they tried to just destroy us
again like in the world war two look in
the Holocaust but they haven't been able
to because we're back to being tough and
we've been successful at that traveling
around Israel one of the things I've
really noticed this all Israelis have
really good teeth which is making it
pretty hard for me to even open my mouth
but to hear more of our stories join us
at rebel Israel calm
