the first man landing on the moon was a
great achievement for all humanity wait
no it wasn't it was a great achievement
for America and Hollywood wants to scrub
that history away bad idea this is take
that with Curt Schlichter so there's a
movie out there and it's called first
man right it's got Ryan Gosling in it
who's you know weird and enigmatic
anyway he's playing Neil Armstrong and I
saw the preview and it looked pretty
good to me I thought wow what an
interesting film about a queen American
achievement except except oh my gosh
except then well I'm gonna get about an
American achievement see remember that
iconic part of the whole landing on the
moon thing where Neil Armstrong series
like saluting the flag that he planted
it's an American flag it's nothing you
in flight they plan the American flag
and the directors looked at this this
this moment this historical moment that
showed the power and the the unleashed
ability and opportunity of human beings
freed through democracy and capitalism
that is the essence of the United States
is this important symbol of what a free
country can do because remember one day
on free countries that went up there and
got on the moon you didn't see a lot of
Russians up there and they cut it out
they cut it out consciously they
specifically said yeah you know we could
have recorded that iconic historical
moment but we decided not to because it
would feed make lesser countries feel
bad countries that didn't do this thing
might not be happy because Americans are
getting you know all braggy about the
fact that they think he put a guy on the
moon who else put a guy on the moon I
don't want to be clear when I talk about
America hey you know our Canadian
friends our British friends our
Australian friends you know our allies
these guys contributed stuff too but
that's not what Hollywood was interested
in Hollywood was interested in
minimizing the glory of this American
achievement they were interested in in
trying to whitewash history so that the
fact that the United States which is
better than any other country on earth
did something no other country on earth
could do it went to the moon and they
they they think they wanted to they want
it or swipe that away
guess what the people said guess what
the audience's did they didn't show up
why because they're tired of this they
are so tired of seeing their country run
down they're so tired of being treated
like garbage with this kind of
equivalency this kind of unexceptional
thinking this kind of frankly
anti-american bigotry because they
didn't want to credit America and the
audience's well they kind of want to
credit where credit was due credit was
due to the United States of America to
the red white and blue to that flag Oh
crazy well there's plenty of flags and
the movies there's a flag here and a
flag there one - flying - flying free
flights it ain't about countin flags you
dumb bastards and you know it it's about
cutting out that iconic moment because
overseas some people are going to be a
little unhappy about it you know the
Chinese might not like it and I think
the Americans are bragging we went to
the moon right to brag you go to the
moon you commie monsters you go to the
moon let's see you go to the moon I
don't mean it's stay after stealing our
technology you go to the moon and you
can do what you want until then that
flag is the key it's the central point
yes mankind went to the moon the best of
mankind the heart of mankind that
embraces freedom the embraces
opportunity the embraces free enterprise
that's the part of humanity that went to
the moon not the dick
taters not the corrupt oak rats not the
authoritarians not the leftist scumbags
buzz knuckle-dragging Jesus love and
right-wing Americans those vulgar fat
dumb Americans did something you all
couldn't even dream of and our
international globalist Hollywood guys
decide they would scrub that away
instead normal Americans said no no I'm
not gonna go see your crappy propaganda
film Wow sad trombone folks I love it I
love it that we're fighting back that we
refuse to take this crap anymore guys
Andrew Breitbart said that politics are
downstream from culture well we're like
salmon we're swimming upstream we got
mad politically now we're getting mad
culturally and better yet we're getting
even Hollywood you need to think twice
before you disrespect us this is take
that with curly if you like what you're
seeing here on take that with courage
Schlichter why not subscribe to the
whole kit caboodle that's right get in
here and subscribe to the rubble Media
there's all sorts of great stuff great
people great resources now I still want
you to come see me I'm outside the
paywall I'm absolutely free twice a week
Tuesday and Fridays come see me I'll be
ranting away if you want more Kurt
Schlichter and who doesn't want more
Kurt selector Monday and Thursday I've
got my townhall column and I'm always on
Twitter and and you can buy my book
militant normals it's super cheap and
you get on Amazon go out and get it
thanks a lot this is take that with
courage later
you
