well we're just outside the Wailing Wall
and I'm with Sam we're across he's with
the International Christian embassy and
Sam what a yeah what a sight we just saw
hundreds maybe even thousands of
evangelicals I'm presuming singing
dancing in front of the Wailing Wall we
were here earlier in the Islamic section
of mountain temple a bit of a contrast
in terms of people having fun and
enjoying themselves well I made the joke
about all these Christians are rioting
look at all the the joyous fun they're
having we should break it up contrast it
with our visit earlier as you're saying
in the Temple Mount can you tell us them
what is the connection that evangelicals
have to this holiest of holy places we
believe that Israel is God's chosen land
and his people the Jews and that they
have a right to the land and the
Christian Embassy was formed in 1980
when Israel said that they that
Jerusalem was their undivided eternal
capital and all the embassies left so a
group of Christians came together and
say we've got a stand in solidarity and
show them that around the world in my
case in Canada with the Canadian branch
that we stand with Israel what is the
relationship the Jewish community has
with the evangelical community it's been
it's been over time they've been
developing more of a trusting
relationship I think initially they were
skeptical like who are you people you're
trying to proselytize like what's your
purpose and then over enough time since
1980 but what 38 years later I think
they can tell that were true Friends of
Israel
yeah I mean I've always said that the
evangelicals are probably the biggest
allies the the Jews have outside of this
Jewish community because they they're
completely vested in this neck of the
woods they know they believe in so much
of you know what what this area
represents you've been coming here for
many years what was it like going back
to I believe one of the years that
stands out in your memory Sam is 2001
2001 it was one year after the Intifada
when Ariel Sharon did what we did this
morning he went to the Temple Mount they
started the sin that was an excuse for
them to trigger the Second Intifada
and we came in 2001 and the
International Christian embassy hosts
the largest tourist events in Israel
during Sukkot the Feast of Tabernacles
and about 5,000 of us from a hundred
different countries come and I came with
the Canadian contingent along with my
then girlfriend now wife and we were
pretty much the only tourist here and it
was quite it was they were really
excited that we were here but at the
same time it was sad because we check
into a hotel it would open we check in
we'd stay and then when we left the
hotel would closed same with a lot of
restaurants cuz everyone was too afraid
even though when I'm in Israel I never
feel safer interesting and now of course
the the contrast I mean it looks like
those dark days of that kind of
terrorism is gone I mean it looks like
there there are a lot of tours coming
back to Israel today oh yeah yeah for
sure I mean I think all people have to
do is come here like a world Testament
oh you come here and you realize I never
feel safer than when I'm here people at
home will say oh I see all these guns
are you guys okay
those guns are to protect me they're
there to protect me to protect us
Israel's a safe country and again what a
contrast from earlier today when we're
in the Islamic area of Temple Mount and
as you witnessed there were some Jewish
men being brought in under armed guard
and not so much for their protection but
to make sure that they didn't break into
any kind of prayer even mouths you know
a prayer because that is one of the
concessions that has been given to the
the Islamic people here that there'll be
no praying on this side and then you
contrast that with thousands of people
singing and dancing on the street how do
you connect those dots Sam I don't know
to me it's mind-boggling like our guide
was saying before the Oslo Accords in
1993 94 Jews could go up there there was
no problem there was no issue and that
was a concession and I think when you
give the alligator you know they give
him my hand he's gonna take my arm he's
gonna take the rest of me concessions do
nothing I mean going back to World War
two I mean chamberland you know a piece
of paper we've got peace in our times
you can't you can't you simply can't
negotiate with the wolf you can't tell
the wolf don't eat the chickens he's
gonna eat the chickens if you let him so
why is the wolf allowed to hang out with
the chick I just don't
perhaps a cautionary tale for people
like you and I who are from Canada then
yeah friends at home I say to them you
got where the five percent the rest of
the world has got violence and poverty
and all sorts of stuff so you know we
should thank like be thankful for what
we have but at the same time like I said
I never feel safer than I'm gonna win
and when I'm in Israel I just I mean I
think all of us could say that do you
feel threatened in any way when you're
here I don't and I think it's a matter
of peace through strength yeah I would
agree peace through strength yeah
exactly
thanks so much for your time Sam okay
thank you well folks some of your
favorite rebels are in Israel we're
filing reports daily please go to rebel
Israel calm and get the latest from the
Holy Land
you
