how could you as a reporter not find
this to be a delicious story the male
feminist caught in a grope so slowly as
the Foreign Press ate the Canadian media
party's lunch on this as they have so
many times with Trudeau a few Canadian
reporters summon the courage to put a
question to their precious leader but it
was just stranger and stranger here's
someone putting a question to Trudeau
while Ralph Goodale the only grown-up in
the party strains to listen I remember
that day in Creston well it was a
foundation a village Foundation and a
event to support to support to avalanche
safety I had a good day that day I don't
remember any negative interactions that
day at all no negative interactions he's
using that computer line again a at
least time that he can remember well
then then why did he apologize at the
time if there was no negative
interactions but the story kept going
and yesterday Trudeau was asked about it
again and he changed his story again not
good here take a look you have had a
zero tolerance policy when it comes to
allegations of sexual misconduct within
your party there are serious allegations
against you right now why not call an
independent investigation of what this
Roy dressed
all right good question fair question
Trudeau has had investigations of his
other staff and MPs so why not for
himself here's the answer but it's a
non-answer obviously this is a situation
that has been very much on my mind over
the past few weeks it's a issue that I
have been deeply engaged with not just
as a leader but all my life since since
my early 20s and university active on
issues around sexual assault and and
behaviour hang on is that true has
Justin Trudeau actually done anything
about sexual assault in his whole life I
mean I'm sure he gives little video
clips about it but do you really believe
the Justin Trudeau has actually done
anything on the file his life I'm not
talking about foolish little things like
this there's lots of things you can do
to be a better feminist as a man but
here's a simple one don't interrupt win
I really think that's what Trudeau is
thinking about when he says he's been an
activist against sexual violence truly
of course he doesn't mean it
maternal love is the love that's going
to change the future of mankind so we'd
like you to look we would like to say
people kind not necessarily mankind
anyway back to his ramble yesterday I've
been reflecting very carefully on what I
remember from that incident almost
twenty years ago and again I am I feel I
am confident that I did not act
inappropriately well if you didn't act
inappropriately why did you apologize
the woman in question said she was
handled by Trudeau is in touched groped
manhandled people handled as Trudeau
might say it wasn't just words like hey
baby did I mention Pierre Trudeau was my
father and I'm rich
it was handsy groping molesting and he
conceded that point in an apology but
look at this classic Trudeau move to
blame the rest of us to scold the rest
of us because he's never wrong
personally but part of this awakening
that we're having as a society of
long-awaited realization is that it's
not just one side of the story that
matters that the same interactions could
be experienced very differently from one
person to the next
and I am NOT going to speak for the the
woman in question I would never presume
to speak for her but I know that there
is an awful lot of reflection to have be
had as we move forward as a society on
how people perceive different
interactions hang on we we the rest of
us as a society have to come to terms
with things that's an excerpt from my
daily TV show the Ezra Levante show
normally it's behind a paywall but I
thought you'd like this video so we put
it on YouTube if you want to subscribe
to watch the daily show every day
including always two interviews today
and I read my hate mail just click on
this screen and become a Premium Member
you
