you've stole my property my make America
great again happy look at the kind of
shape he's wearing look it really look
at the kind of shit he's wearing you
know what this represents it represents
genocide genocide of a bunch of people
well you heard it here first folks make
America great again is code for genocide
actually that's been going around for a
while anyways that was University of
California Riverside student Edith
Macias who stole a make America great
again hat off the head of fellow student
Matthew Vitaly oh well I'm sure it's
just the Hat that triggers Edith and not
oh I don't know America itself this is
mine in this country okay but you don't
fix it by yeah so you hate America
you're against its laws you believe that
free speech equals genocide then you
also want to get rid of all y'all
doesn't quite line up here because other
people and you have people up there
wearing hats like those can all say shit
about it I wanna write make America
great again reading lynchings nice
genocide mass deportation constant
killings
wow that's not my definition of great
but thanks for telling me that's what it
means to you anyways Matthew took legal
action against Edith and the student
faced a misdemeanor grand theft charge
with the possible one-year jail sentence
Riverside County District Attorney's
Office said that Edith pled guilty to
one count of petty theft and was
referred to our standard deferred entry
of judgment program which requires the
completion of a class in exchange for a
dismissal now Edith has also since
graduated from UC Riverside which I'm
guessing involved taking quite a few
classes
but no I'm sure this one other class
will teach her not to be intolerant yeah
we don't need punitive sentencing we
need more education the former student
apparently took 8 anger management
classes and sent Matthew an apology
letter before entering into the program
Matthew said the apology letter read
like a fifth grader rodent and when I
saw her in court for the Friday
sentencing she didn't look changed at
all she looked exactly the same as the
day she stole my property what a shame
so I guess
Edith still looked like she swallowed
quite a few maggots or I guess that
could mean she still looks like a
remorseless petulant child
for campus unmasked I'm Rob Jim shock if
you like this video and support our
mission please make sure to comment and
subscribe
if something happens on your campus and
you'd like us to investigate send us
details using the forum on campus unmask
calm
