I'm here in Palestine so just over this
wall this 9 meter high wall is Israel
and in order for these guys to get along
they have to divide themselves in this
way one of the really interesting things
from the Israeli side is they say well
we enjoy the fact that people can put up
this graffiti because it's a
representation of our belief in
democracy and free speech but in many
ways for me with their nation that talks
about love or talks about a solution I
think there's no solution here I think
they will always be at war they will
always be fighting and if you ask me
will love triumph over hate no it will
not these guys will never be United
these guys will always be at war if you
want to hear more from the rebel team
join us at rebel is real calm
you
