warning I advise that you have a parent
with you because this will make you cry
taaha Khan is running for student
council treasurer he takes double maths
economics meteor and English these are
subjects he thinks will help to make him
a good treasurer the word subjects has
eight letters taaha Khan also has eight
letters coincidence I do not think so
Taha Khan wears glasses glasses glasses
are used to improve eyesight the
Illuminati has one eye taaha Khan if you
take away all of the consonants in taaha
Khan what do you get three of the letter
A three the Illuminati also has three
sides
Taha also has three main policies
doesn't this seem a bit suspicious he
wants to improve the Wi-Fi situation at
the school
Wi-Fi rhymes with bill 9 $1 is sometimes
referred to as a bill a dollar is money
money taaha wants to improve the cash
point in the school he also wants to add
a 5-pound option option option is
defined as a choice voting is a type of
choice he wants people to vote on
decisions about funding boat rhymes with
hope hope is not real it is a lie all of
his policies are somehow linked do you
think that this is strange why 5 cash
point voting time for some maths Wi-Fi
has 4 letters
cash point has 8 letters vote has 4
letters this gives us 16 the square root
of 16 is 4 squares have 4 sides
the few half a square you can get 2
truck but wait
cash point has 9 letters not 8 letters
which means none of this is true except
that Taha has two eyes the Illuminati
has one eye
two minus one is one taaha khan is
illuminati confirmed
