so this is the Tour de France a racing
event that takes place in the month of
July in which 22 22 teams of cyclists
bike almost 3,500 kilometers so when the
tour came to Cambridge I went to see it
but or was a huge event with people
lying in the streets waiting for the
riders to pass
it's the largest annual sporting event
and the third largest overall it has a
TV audience of 3.5 billion and this is
me age 16 with a total knowledge of the
Tour of zero percent so let's learn
something the tour ends in Paris with
the finish line at the Arc de Triomphe
and the majority of the race is held
with France although the tour does visit
other countries the portions of the race
but first let's talk about the history
of the race you see there were two guys
involved in coming up with the idea the
editor of a French magazine and read
their launch and Gio Lefevre Lefebvre
suggested the idea of the race to
promote the sales of the magazines to
the editor he agreed and in 1903 60
competitors set off on the first race of
the Tour de France only 21 finished and
here on the first race the reputation of
the toast difficulty was established in
the tour there are three types of stages
flat stages across the countryside
mountain stages and timed sprint the
tour takes place over a total of 23 days
which include 21 stages and to rest some
riders wear special jerseys these
include a yellow jerseys for the overall
leader a green jersey for the fastest
sprinter a polkadot Jersey for the
fastest climber horizontal stripes for
the current world champion national
colors for the national champions and a
white jersey for the best under 26 year
old most of the cycle is travelling a
large group called the pluton there are
advantages to staying in the group as
that conserves energy due to reduced
wind resistance although a winning time
cannot be achieved from within the
pluton even though there can only be one
winner the tour is definitely a team
event as teams work together to allow
one rider to conserve the most energy
and ultimately win
the part of my mission in life I close
my eyes and I see they're never
diffident lights I'm missing the night
when we used to both stop time see me
lock hands I got yours let's
