I mean at this point we both know this
is definitely filled with water and said
for it isn't so with teabag I wasn't
expecting to make this video and you are
expecting to watch this video next video
isn't new for another six months
I woke up today and realize this is a
level results that you know the data you
get your result obviously you're going
to get your results on a level result
it's literally quiet if you follow me on
Twitter you know that I treated this
long Twitter trend that a lot of you
share my thoughts on grades and success
and that whole process and how they
relate I really wanted to put them
somewhere and more concrete so and if
you aren't following me on Twitter but
what why Q&A that's all of the languages
that I know but if you want to carry
this joke on you can go to translate
google calm and type in why though in
the first section and you have a variety
of language that you can choose for
example Spanish Arabic Mandarin
Anthony hot dog bird needs Swiss cheese
always AP and what would result baby
without the increasingly irrelevant
Jeremy clots and tweeting the same joke
every year there is a see to use in a
Mercedes Benz area to see to use to in
Universal areas with a/c to use
assaulting a producer the ever so why is
Jeremy Clarkson encouraging people to be
a sophistical anomaly like it a bit
something that everyone can strive to
their learning but that's not really
your point is it there you definitely
are just using this as an excuse to brag
about how successful you are is it
Jeremy but Jeremy Clarkson isn't the
point of this video because Jeremy
Clarkson isn't the point menacing I've
had a year to reflect upon success and
what it means in terms of grades and I'm
not going to be the one to say all well
grades don't matter anyway does that be
in until two the hard work you put in to
get the great that you did get
especially if you want to do something
that requires you to go to uni or have
some academic backing and it's also an
insult to the people who did do well and
really do want to be proud of what they
did because they need to put in the work
because if you're great the goods then
but they're not the only thing that
matter they don't define your success
greater simply a tool to achieve success
they're not necessarily success itself
if your grades don't give you the tools
to get you where you want to go there
are other ways to get that you can still
do a course that's above the grade
requirements you have you can do a
foundation course that helps bridge the
gap between a-levels and university you
could reach it the year and improve your
grades although I'm not going to
essentially you can still do that so
terms and conditions apply to your
website for details the point is there
are loads of paths to get where you want
to go a year ago I lost my University
because of the great that I got and I
thought that the career that I
envisioned was own and the year all I've
learned that way but I got where enough
to put me on a different path for the
same goal the great that you get are
simply an opportunity creator there are
so many different ways to create these
opportunities I just wish that someone
was able to say this to me here ago
instead of getting a whole great so
really mutters feel everything will be
okay your point is stay hungry stay
resourceful stay hopeful you'll get to
where you're going to go in perhaps it
will just take a couple more years
