so you know how I usually have that mug
of tea that still water to reinforce the
fact this is a constructed piece of
entertainment and not a natural
conversation well I don't have a mug of
tea how about some water
mmm mineral hydration so this video is a
special one because I uploaded but also
it's brought to you in collaboration
with Ebru publishing to celebrate the
release of post truth a new moral truth
and how to fight back Matthew d'Ancona
is an award-winning writer and
journalist who's written for the
Guardian the New York time me Bree said
a here's this book we think you will
like it and I was like I liked it thing
I really liked about this book is that
it's short and a really easy read and
that's important to me because well I'm
an idiot our boy has done all the smart
thinking for us and all we have to do is
is read it so you can do that with this
if you want so I'm going to talk about
something I learned from the book that
relates to our map aboard Donald just
the prank roadtrip only boy to savage a
man who is the love child of Annoying
Orange and saved from the ice and that's
the issue of the erosion of truth and
democratic backsliding that's occurring
all over the world initially this was
going to be a roast of Donald himself
but the book where he taught me how
Donald Trump is a contributor to a wider
culture something that isn't really
being talked about okay something that's
a little bit worrying because it's just
healing democracy no idea is this era of
post truth and that's what I want to
talk about democracy is essentially a
system of governance in which everyone
who is eligible gets a set whether that
through your elected representatives or
directly and that's good because if you
know it's like what's going on
it could be oh hey I got our vote I'm
going to I'm going to vote not for you
we should be doing it the other way so
in this mostly complex society that we
live in democracy functions through
democratic institutions the democratic
institutions are things that allow a
democracy to function for example the
media that feeds us information it keeps
us educated so when it comes to doing
the voting we can we can vote with a
with an educated population and if you
follow me on Twitter you know that I've
been freaking out over the death of
democracy for ever
Democratic backsliding is a process in
which the power of the institutions that
uphold our democracy
are eroded that's not that's not good
shouldn't we should do the opposite
which is decent decent front sliding and
maybe so one of the ways that Democratic
backsliding is occurring is something
that's covered in this book and that the
erosion of trust we've seen this across
the shop from the dairy aisle to the
frozen section when a boy MC grove said
that britain had had enough of experts
instead of actually combating the fact
that he was presented we saw it when the
Daily Mail called our own high court
judges the enemies of the people don't
know about you by Derek Steven Daisy my
alright people they're wearing funny
wigs but I can see past just a
disclaimer that I don't actually know
what their names are but I call them
Gareth Steve and Dave and they call me
who are you get away from me you strange
boy bunny boy really does took the
flames when it comes to this idea that
the institutions that are here to uphold
democracy are up against us and
encourages mistrust of the people who
are supposed to be giving us reliable
information to make democratic decisions
upon and this is an only a problem on
the right it's a problem across the shop
from the Delhi oil until of stop they
really highlighted to me that we need to
be looking out for this type of behavior
and much like pranks on the Internet
this stuff is scary and dangerous when
we let it go too far not clickbait
because if we don't trust the experts to
help us make informed decision we leave
ourselves with the mercy of the most
persuasive speaker I'm an idiot
and I can use three syllable words so
and I've just talked about a little bit
of what's in this book there's loads in
here about you know how to stay informed
and how we can combat this post truth
era that we live in in fact I'm
basically a walking advertisement book
now because every time I talk about this
I'm like hey there's this book that was
really good everything you talk about is
in this book and I'm just saying what he
said so don't understood get smart but
you know maybe democracy doesn't work
because I saw two at a poll which said
that pineapple on pizza was okay and
it's not
