I'll be gone for a while but the new
dream there's still a way we can make
Bernie Sanders president let me explain
here a car thought me we like to learn
the line between means and cliches and
then well this is this is a cliche this
isn't even a line there's no or else it
would be if there's also not just water
so everything's still alive it's just a
problem constructing the sasada this is
a natural conversation between two
people I know a highly edited piece of
entertainment made for your consumption
now they're on the same page about the
depressing premise that vlogging is
based on we can begin Stillwater as
opposed to sparkling not spawn before we
start talking about anything else we do
kind of need to address the elephant in
the room noticing that all of the news
in the last six months and we all know
why I'm referring to here I'm being
roasted on the internet for not making
videos and I'm coming for you I'm going
to be taking some taken some shots that
was some of the other guns although fun
people have been saying that my upload
schedule is inconsistent but I've been
consistently uploading nothing for the
last six months so I don't see the
problem I've been accused of being a
fake youtuber and the end of zaron
sounds collab I like Sam and Sam but who
do you think I am a gaming youtuber
because this isn't a game and I'm a 1080
magazine young of a voice I like them
they like me apparently or do they know
like age you want to be part of this
youtuber yearbook thing we're doing I'm
like yeah great that sounds good little
did I know that they will use this as a
perfect roasting opportunity it gave me
worst attendance in their year but worst
attendance
shame on shame on you ten eighty for
making a accurate observation of
someone's upload schedule your fake news
that's what the kids have been saying or
more accurately the kid has been saying
not not my America's the orange one and
then there's Tessa who roasted me so bad
that I have to quit which they're just
out of embarrassment and I can't even
say anything in retaliation because it
was so perfectly hats off to you Tessa
and this is a mug but yeah I'm a big
deal I've had my tweets featured on a
BuzzFeed list of top tweets from Muslim
Twitter in which the first guy wasn't
even one
you would seek so nailed that one Busbee
if you want to follow me on Twitter it
can't stop me
tha n sto TM e armour professional yeah
but let's talk about why I've been gone
for a bit I'm just gonna talk about one
of the main reasons which is I hate
everything I'll make a logical down to
how invalidating the Creator those
people have a balance of being
externally validated by people's praise
and compliments and also internally
validated by their own opinion of their
work for me it's always been internal
and what that means is criticism and
compliments don't affect my opinion of
my own work so when I get a hate comment
like this totally unstaged comment
that's perfect for this video
it just doesn't affect me I'm just
totally unfazed by it but what that did
mean is that when I started to hate
waimate there wasn't really anything
anyone else could say that would
convince me otherwise
which is a problem because six months
ago my brain decides push out for me you
know change the year the decor okay I'm
your brain I hate what you do good
didn't want to make anything anymore and
that was one of the major reasons for
the massive asses I used to think that
internal validation made me really
secure in my work but when you don't
like it you kind of get you're screwed
so has taken a while to you know find
the time and the inspiration to make a
video but also to find the confidence to
get back on camera and do this again by
not honestly I have enjoyed the
continuous shots that have been fired my
way for not uploading they show me that
people not only enjoy what I make but
believe in what I do and see the
potential in in future things I could
make it's kind of reassuring to see
people who believe in the stuff I've
made even when I did and that's
something that I appreciate so it is
you're done you're done did good good
things good job on that banks is why I'm
going to say good we got through the a a
bit that was deep and meaningful so we
can go back to being dumb you might have
noticed that I didn't really talk about
our friend them Donny boy the savage
we've been in the news recently
everywhere and we will talk about him
because there is a lot to talk about but
just not in this video so I've been
constantly you've been you this isn't
going to be
occurring catchphrase that I use at the
end of videos thanks for watching
