Hey how's it going it's been a while but
hold on just one second there are more
of them like quadruple isn't it yeah I
know but is this a self-aware sketch
video parodying a bunch of other
self-aware sketch videos links in the
description I've got no more lines so
you should probably stop yeah I know but
I don't exactly know how to react to
this because this is a lot of peope con
can't be reacting to things not after
what happened with you know Nicola
that is not why I said but this jokes
already been done before let's just move
on okay but how am I supposed to
introduce myself because this is clearly
just a way of introducing my internal
conflict we're trying to make videos for
an increasingly larger audience
commentary I guess this counts as an
introduction to all of the people who
have subscribed recently but every
single self-aware sketch sug has already
been done so what exactly you do yeah
which is why I thought we'd bring in
racism add a fresh perspective a suspect
hey you know what they say a rose by any
other political perspective would smell
just as sweet no one no one says that
but let's just the roll with it this is
a imaginary sketch just be careful
because I can already hear tumblr
gearing up to it at Brown okay you don't
fit into the categories of white or
black that means that you don't fit into
the current dialogue on race that's
actually you can go into the box
assigned people of color as if all
ethnic minorities fall on this umbrella
identity that we've been arbitrarily
assigned didn't seem very racist you
should work on your races and also my
hate you still not race it because
you're brown better do do we need to
point out some more cliches I mean we
could talk about originality on YouTube
or smaller YouTube as being ironically
on original topic at this point yeah we
should just I think we should relook at
all I thought we were on the same page
we are the same page now announcing the
never gonna give you up book to buy
ticket buy a book consumerism commentary
your brand you're brown you're Brandon
Brown you're brown
