I mean I mind actually being patronizing
on the grounds that I'm white be good
yeah introduce yourself for the camera
okay I'm Jake and I'm gonna be doing a
talk on why anarchism deserves a chance
I'm Harvey I'm doing a talk on why Trump
to be President hi I'm Tom don't you see
what people are subjects are do that
sort of thing
no one cares the state having failed and
market forces letting the majority of
states fail David do something we don't
lose David David hammering babe my babe
is racist I think the media are spinning
that he's racist in the UK and we need
to take a different perspective the
world of politics has become self
containing West our Pinterest page
but why do you think you will need to
diffuse yourself thanks give a
fundamental misunderstanding of what
alakazam is a belief or anarchism is
doctrine of chaos and lawlessness which
it frankly isn't in fact it's quite the
opposite and I guess the burning desire
in me to crush the 1% we had a look at
your Twitter
it was a great banter actually he's
gonna be a huge fan of Katie Hopkins
yeah the curse words but I can choose a
hard line woman that stands up for our
beliefs I think that's quite impressive
in a modern day society I reckon you use
a tool on a daily basis that runs along
amicus lines use Wikipedia No okay well
that actually kind of defeats my point I
was gonna run with that politicians have
been normal people for a very long time
or their media spun the comment that
Muslims will be banned from the US which
is obviously incorrect there's a time
with it
it's obviously incorrect that's
incorrect statement as natural I will
they be bound for any period of time
this is temporary but yeah so - it's
just so they've been back that's right
they argue that we to do that ourselves
but most everything I misread them
because they're singers at home kids
leader per se what if I said there's no
such thing as anarchism it doesn't exist
how can you accept this you can see it
it's like look it's a date so how much
hey fans rappers from coming into the UK
I mean like a rapper he's one guy but
some sort of are more than one people I
like even if like we do just through a
word of it I was like we were men on the
great examples in society today
organizations apes Omega so in a
sentence summarize your talk politician
ice such an open your eyes shut open my
eyes Jake do you think the last election
went well no is it good day one I have
nothing against a he's a bit of Jesus so
what inspired you to do this huh guys
hey have you got it oh I'm glad he's got
us good by day
politics in their career politics has
become a career and I think in one way
he's decided to do that controversial or
not is the temporary ban Muslims okay
Isis has been resolved so they're like a
vitamin C tablet crisis you've got
dissolving Donald Trump's water is that
what you're you're saying I swears that
analogy could work
