and I feel like absolute debt I'm
running out no sleep not of Noah last
night my nose starts to get really runny
now my broken record the beginning page
that hold that tape and very much
assault let's not hate evil or something
let's go get food even though they're
gonna think this year√µs McDonald feel
like crap y'all
time very shortly
do not expect beauty
I'm trying to show you guys who I ran
into a she's being held way longer than
me
outside of that do you see how long how
long did it take three to go though like
how long how long ago she was like there
for 20 minutes
would
hello ooh hello hello London
hello hello oh hi get out
hello London folk the bees quite nice I
quite like it
that's me it is now around noontime the
drive from the airport was like an hour
and 15 minutes long I was going crazy in
that cab whoo so I've established that
I'm definitely sick because my throat is
really sore and my nose is running like
crazy like it keeps it and so that kind
of sucks but in short like it's better
and I can't complain I'm probably going
to let out a little bit Oh youtubers are
meeting up at 6:30 and so I have like
six and a half hours to kill so might
eat go maybe go walk around go do some
shopping maybe possibly work out I'm
kind of still out of there right now
my sleep schedule just of off so there's
this book that has all of the youtubers
that are participating in this yes hello
yucks Tina oh yeah
whoa hello there okay but now these
views are legit though I'm really I'm
really locked in this here and it opens
- oh okay - a because my throat hurt the
cords a little a little short is it one
that I was running same shirt in my my
Californian video inner thigh LA I'm the
homosexual
well hello hag so I just came back from
the gym and they're just amazing
motherhood I'm not about to get dressed
started playing ed Sheeran and then I
remembered the times when I was a
teenager and I just lost an Ed Sheeran
and be like I can't wait to go to love
in one day
Oh young Fuji tonight so nice for you
yes talent you've had oh la
so I just showered and dressed up I'm
going to go see if I can find like
London equivalent at CVS or Walgreens I
need some like men crystal feel like
crap right now
and I want to go eat and there is a
river island nearby I might go that way
y'all look at this view went up Algiers
and coverage it misses whoa go talk to
the reception folk and apparently the
equivalent of CBS in London is boots
we're going to go to boot salute we go
so I said there's like a 95% chance that
I'm going to get hit by a car at some
point because they keep looking at the
wrong side and I don't know which side
of the road to look at like left to
right and so I'm just I just walked
we made it the Buddhist way it's like a
literal drugstore calling a drugstore
crap so I went to boots and it was
literally only drugs it didn't have
cough drops they didn't know what cops
were they know one nyquil is and so I
figured out my way and I went to this
place called Friends Quakers Waitrose
and I ran into this this young lad right
here
I don't know do not is that like young
lady I'm sorry she's helping me figure
out things oh wait Nando's now I'm
hungry what is this area
what is this that's so cool I quite like
it yeah and it looks so dry
Sarge left Nando's very satisfied right
now
I had rice chicken so get back to the
hotel networking session at 6:30 and
immoral 84 thank you yeah vitamin C all
right yeah let's do this let's go cool
cool hey where's my you're focusing
I mean hey man Wallace listen this is
Heidi
hello Allah hello Allah
subong he'll share a shimmer and last
night I came upstairs and I come and
head down like two seconds and I
completely passed out and I do not
remember what happened I was so sleepy
but it is now morning time on the first
day of the event
I might start getting dressed shoes so I
woke up and there was his bag at the
foot of my bed I don't remember seeing
this last night so it might have been
placed in this morning and I don't
remember the door opening and it's kind
of creepy but let's see to see what is
inside
whew Allah Oh God I've actually needed
one clevon using the same water bottle
for a day and a half now creators for
change
most skin air power bank hmm
and umbrella it's been raining like hell
over here that's good okay
that's badass oh yeah oh yeah okay but
look at the back itself that's a legit
bag that's a legit legit bag wins okay
moving course I'm I'm late heading to
the YouTube safe London so everything
can be done have breakfast first
well because fact there will people like
you all around the world
hello ah yeah you are solid and entering
allowed and empathy learning ability huh
I'd read of you on a cubicle as the Dean
hello hallelujah oh hey guys you know I
don't know how it takes yeah but can you
relax
that's a coffee go I gotta know hello
only a dinner I'm a good Yamaha Kazim
Gelimer sigh
YouTube's tale is they know was good
with his mother but they don't like it
almost white I just found out that she
wants my rival high school in Texas I'm
I think the suits in my area I'm not
part of their area
no you're not you're from Dubai it's
okay you're going to have a month all my
notebook or whatever means that activity
means akka means that I cut by you
Sakura is a lie run her over run her
over
my bowel problem we just got back to the
hotel and we're bout to relax chill a
little bit and Roberta meeting up in an
hour to go to the restaurants and back
down to the lobby to go to take the bus
to the restaurant I'm just an absolutely
longer but I didn't feel sick the entire
day until I got to my hotel room and
then I kind of started feeling dizzy and
my head started doing hot but then I
prayed a lot better house of Shama
course got that Members Only jacket was
good but you cannot see oh
oh my god Washington DC guys I need
answers about my good right now oh my
god I said how much this took long it's
almost 8:00 when a kid I'll uh
please that is man kazoo okay partner
yow goggles but capacity
so the night should be over but I am
very hungry now kind of starving and I
know this is really good out of you
place an out-of-area has the most
amazing show of them I've ever had
outside of our world I wanna go tell
them cafe Ally exactly
I know what I've been dying fo p.m. and
we are now at the Olive a bomb don't you
get some good share one young laughing
my gosh is it not like the village ZJ oh
let's check it this time so that's why
the suggestion was made
instead I'm moving back to bike or walk
back and we feel like but I did not want
to plug it I can only have this movie
for us now let's have it
we me and this made it home
not with hot loco si this beat is on a
supersonic
oh my god so weak um so I'll hit it is
morning time of day two and welcome to
placement out there in the back leg with
all right what if you think she is
about how to tackle envision attacks for
dick Oh
all right so vomiting if you don't want
to read the paper
tell me even you play advice okay are
you gonna take on board no I completely
ignored you I couldn't stop laughing
look at you I was laughing at you she
knew it she knew it United with the
subpoena Hassan Texas I wasn't the one
who finds and you know women not
so-called is embarrassing and oh my god
how do you want to bring it up oh my god
I got imagining I got no mess in that
video
see how is funny because they don't know
what happens they don't know I know we
can take the thumbnail clarify he was
big boulder like yes okay why do you get
out the shot really quick
oh it isn't being a Tokyo's fellows how
we think it's better yeah - is it common
kitchen for the first you know like two
years that we hid in there are you
leaving are you leaving you can
my faculty I'm actually like I was just
like I had legit badges when I want me
like that felt it no secretary said I
love both me and you but I know yet
slice it oh hi guys my god this is
ending bug are using the videos and then
mama juice yeah I know do this looking
fabulous looking forward for people
y'all it's done we're just now leaving
the YouTube space and that's it we're
gone who do you think you are leaving us
like that I such a thing I still gotta
rock just to stand here okay my friend
is not a hundred thousand subscribers on
YouTube oh yeah you're real real honor
that I'm gonna help you
a loyalty it look we'll look can get
better what my hand not have a human
where are we going so I was about to
take a nap on the break that we have but
instead I went to the gym it worked out
25 minutes NOLA and I'm really energized
right now so come on step and so now if
I take the bus go to the restaurant
folks we can be real chill we really
doesn't look right there what can I do
I'm instead I'm gonna die I'm actually
in November in September last year Hank
what we're going to do we we got I got
very close hot yeah it's a shampoo in
the hotel - I don't like blue district
would like just like that motors right
like a cow babies like heavy demand we
don't going to set my hair low all right
you need product just actually
we just shot a video for you as a
channel and i don't know why i'm
vlogging at all I completely forgot
about my blog which I just remembered
one 1000 - anything I was going to ask
you guys this is it is it well what say
goodbye the end what his hand oh I'm
going to miss this view though not
holding the elevator I don't I don't
understand - favorite your favorite
moment with beautiful elevator services
so the first element I saw you your
favorite memory is only on line 10 Emily
you have been amazing friend of the
journey they're so nice and let's see
you again are you
come to our colony monogamous until we
have a fountain
Mexican a bit of water but you know you
don't have to go to 13 speaker is my
favorite Mobley's I'll see you guys soon
yourself
my and in the factory target of motion I
get emotional
right there for now physically I want to
sleep and my phone died and I did not
wake up until front desk called me
telling me that the car has arrived and
I need to go alright oh my god I feel
like get dressed
pack my bag and everything in like 15
minutes something that I need it I'm at
the airport now early I'm flying back
business yes sir
I just got home
tangela thousand six hours behind London
so it's actually still like daytime here
which is weird because on that plank
like nine and a half hours but have a
lot of fish eat the very fun trip one of
those trips that you never forget you
know what I mean I'm left so thank you
YouTube for the opportunity and above
all thanks to God without God and that
it would have happened and I'm very
thankful for that so I'm going to go eat
cuz I'm on my good stuff and I will see
you guys later Charlotte Russe
