whoo everywhere then kicks off with a
Maybach Oh shorty ha ha ha ha I am now
under way too far look what happened to
my hair I don't know what's happening
but I'll hate it like a fifties looking
looking like I'm about to go play tennis
okay I do need to go to AA to be stores
right beside their house before I go
there now I gotta be store I need to
pick up I don't know what I need to pick
up I just need to come to the Sun
because this is a way nice erotic for
areas I think I decided to string a
bunch of Aziza and
I thought I was it was that summer that
date is what I came before so they have
the best one from Modena here just my
mom hello masala this is granted water
bottle it only and what is this time
China che look at her decorations on the
bottom
why you're doing any disguise it was
drains the shadow oh that is high
whoa touchy no not really nice I'm gonna
 us anyways okay we're gonna show ya
just a comedy show I'm supposed to try
this rubber ball there's no question
water
I'm telling you milk is better it's two
different things this like kool-aid true
yeah it's like strawberry ice cream in
strawberry milk okay what would you like
Rose rose water
no it's similar I mean it is rose I'll
probably decided no good but longer mama
alright from here it's like
back from the mustache
I don't would you like to crack a cold
or pack open a closed room with the boys
we're being offered James and drugs oh I
thought it was sort of way so the first
time the colder I'm gonna take this
moment this much I love that Lala my
son-in-law you legit brought oh I can't
help it I was better apples much better
no I like this more English some I do
some awesome game you descriptive text
he's a human mind
footwork so we got this jacket from
Goodwill for 20 bucks about like three
years ago and we never avoid it and now
we've given it to Sophie's mom hey did
you get that shirt from your dad not a
dad sir it's a sort of bowling shirt
he's gonna play the game you wait we got
a walk to that no I literally was
standing like I said okay so uh we bout
to die going on a little adventure
middle the night cuz they got cool Oh
what 1:30 I can't tell that 7:30 to this
salsa salsa can you walk on this yes
well it goes all the way over there yeah
we gon die one died before short to the
wave oh oh
there is a dearth of one an artist named
klaus place my Kakinada to be hopeful
and I bet ISA is idolater enough good
hey guys okay just listen
so you have a row you just have done and
I'm very like 6 o'clock morning after
IHOP mean the dude went to the Masjid in
professor and just dropped out to my car
and take home Earth y'all later
yes hello it is now Thursday it's almost
a spa time it's probably like 8
something we breakfast at 8:30
I'm just been sitting here sewing for
some time now this is just a basic black
fabric that I'm missing into a lot but
all I have to entertain me is my well
just thought machine music playing in
the bed but good news is that my mom
made what I kind of and so we're going
to eat what I kind of in all day let us
go check on the wick so Andy show it
looks very hot like oh my god that's
very hot don't touch that's ok
now you can't do that all you can see is
oh wow okay that's that idea it's not do
that that was a bad idea we don't really
have much planned for today we're just
going to if but here at home and then
we're going to my aunt's house
my hot blows house she just moved into
her new place and we're going to go but
it
yo mashallah alaikum
is it done mixing of a marscapone you
chopped lovers out there
it's LEM that I'm supposed to be posting
this the traditional way of doing that
is you're supposed to put the pan on top
and then flip it but our pan is too big
that's an Epson yeah look at that
look ya'll sound the best summer in all
of life right Jerry
Medina dates it's not too tough but it's
not too dry perfect perfect ado know
what a kind of my Leben rim to Holly I
made Sanjaya so I just ready shower and
what we'll sit to Mikado's house but I
feel like I need a hat I don't like how
my hair looks right now we need to fun
we had to park in the furthest party
spot to get to my aunt's music party so
far for all like exhausted hello Allah
and a couple of new partners in that
biggest rally monkey push a left created
black X here
like I didn't active for you I you
measure just left my hot dosas and
moving ball like one morning I need to
go from selling some stuff and highly
getting gas and doing some stretches
didn't a good stretch there oh yeah
now Friday it's like five o'clock I just
clean up did some laundry and some
chores and Mars is about to come over
about two chorus ends and have a spot I
just showered in Mahad his lecture he
was guided his vlogger my vlogs boom
boom ringing so hard oh it is raining
really hard right now I don't know how
we're supposed to run errands now plays
a vlog camera we're about to go eat you
know and I know we're not have to go run
errands and then then you have to wear
all this black coffee
I nor do you go to Hobby Lobby and
Target and eat everybody with the ball
soaked a shoes yes why we're here
oh I need my clothes you're not
comfortable I need to change we're gonna
buy an outfit actually just the shirt
this is always the safe route Texas
please wear this lead word oh my god yes
everybody what is it el video oh that's
true school school
ha ha Nepal that I really even though
I'm not here to shop yeah like a light
light light greenish gray he's going to
go try on clothes I'm going to the mud
pile because you been eatin bugs lately
looking for these kind of mugs one that
close up at the top so that nothing
falls out myself always falls out and
it's gray and white these are all very
feminine mug you Oh God
a lot of you why did I already have
caught what the hell who what you got
there buddy
so basically what we're doing my mom's
birthday's this Sunday these are
pictures from her house in Kuwait before
they left to go for and so I'm
recreating one of the paintings in my
mom's house this guy right there I don't
know if you can use pastel this is like
a painting and these I don't know if
it's the difference mmm I know nothing
about
midnight to it now we're looking for
frames he's looking for frames will of
stupid stuff here what are you doing
over here
you left your pictures and everything
over here your whole identity in the
past cells that I'm going to be using
I've never used this one before XO
recipes
it is now 751 and now we're going to go
through the restaurant to oil cupcake
royal tap the clock topic we're in the
car wing to break a quick jump into
sitting in the pause button fit in bina
until we break up and we can go inside
the restaurant
salar de cadena salon Sakura forgive me
my blog Korra I've thought about the
Mubarak Oh
I got orange chicken steamed rice fried
dumpling what if we did we got this
wrong chicken juice we're leaving the
restaurant now I just had a mini panic
attack we get to pray hit the pray
mother die before it as then and then my
cousin is texting me and there's so many
things happening in the water bottle and
then it's raining outside that in order
to pray now you're going fishing to pray
I show real quick hmm
and now we wait and now we are a cutie
to get stuff tired
Dipti a cappuccino like Daffy sprinkled
on I think that the cousins in the fire
okay so we don't really have anything to
do and so we are now going to this new
town that they built they literally
built a new city and they have built a
lake towards gonna go walk around gold
gol mm you see those houses look it is
now like midnight is actually one me and
the cousin came in and out because we
are we're sitting here you know and
there's the bottle cap customer or
really that's like saying a really dirty
hodduk artist and I won't file the cake
with nasty not even ask you have been a
communist is an own military coup
public el-sheikh like as soon as walked
in nothing there were necessarily
danglers like us which is in fact they
were literally like reaming they thought
it was funny to like scream a really bad
out of your word and they would start
laughs you know I'm assuming that if I
understood that at one point I'll repay
you guys okay yes above no semester
instead of being like oh I'm sorry
questions I'm not we know they're out of
the room humanik an up lock bottom
bottom so it is very late right now I'm
editing the first thought I'm a bond
blog longer than I thought it was going
to be I mean the initial plan was to
upload a weekly vlog because I didn't
think that I was going to do enough
things throughout the week it is the
first two and a half days and I'm
already at 13 minutes I'm just going to
break it up randomly not specifically
week to just break it up by minutes I
guess the first week of Ramadan is
officially over time to learn hopefully
y'all's first week one good as well
soma you hardly have my weight how super
wall well I really hate hearing my own
voice I'm trying to start this thing
where every night before I go to sleep I
write down on a post-it note what I have
to do the next day basically a little
to-do list write down and I stick it on
my mirror so that when I wake up in the
morning I already know what I need to do
for the day and kind of mentally prepare
as opposed to getting up and having to
think through everything that I have to
do for the day rather it's there on my
mirror I can just start my day I ruin
when I'm a bomb lights from Walmart a
little gold light oh I am a little
flustered because I have a lot of things
to do it's why my list is rather
extensive right now but in sha Allah at
all try not well
you
you
