hey also today is the first day of on
Amazon so I'm officially beginning the
weekly vlog type thing that's talking
about
I just finished decorating the house
legit like 30 minutes ago I'm very tired
but I'm gonna handle it I won't turn
though because it feels very little
MobileMe I did end up changing the field
aesthetic for it if you all watched my
own mode on prep video or I said it was
going to be very minimal and why gold
but I bought a bunch of that type of
aesthetic and I put it up and start
decorating and it felt so place to not
feel it didn't feel festive it anyway so
I completely shifted directions and I
went back to the original school like
ramadani style back home like if you
were to go to as goods or Musudan going
street similar to that this is the
center of the room it's our fireplace
but as the the say mes qualifier towards
you is that I got online from back home
got a bunch of these lights from Target
today have like this woman through the
drama bunny I made this little moon
thing in the back yesterday got some
standing slit right there got some
school sickness just throwing Thank You
sings and then I found these little feet
from rock this flower basil which is I'm
very happy with how to turn them so very
very back home right now
and then in the back of the living room
more lights and then got more fan new
stuff right there this tablecloth that
we got from full of paint relative oil
back then in the dining room
just a simple candy on the table and I
bought the bowl today I've specifically
for summer so that we have an official
senator bowl then another can very
haughtily for shopping tomorrow we have
my cousin's graduation to graduating
from high schools we have that at two
tomorrow night we're going to try to
have as a family or first spots together
first night of Ramadan so Hamlet we're
all off none of us are working tomorrow
so she'll always and have
stop time is it is like 3:30 right now
we stop eating at 5:00
this is on the profit table it looked
pretty earlier but right now we are
eating Whataburger so it looks kind of
gross because you want being this hey
this is not you guys this is my brother
this is the brother that y'all always
asked about but he's never here he
doesn't focus like basketball in the
Philippine this is my poo yeah morning
yeah value right here but she's not
wearing to grab doors we thought it was
just probably very bad is she eating for
toes but we have like no food in the
house tomorrow we have to do some
hardcore cooking I'm trying to get us in
the mood we're watching though some
thermometers that I met first oh my
brother is going through all our old
boxes from the garage and he's found our
Super Nintendo their controller
PlayStation 2 and Wii oh my god my
GameCube controller right there
you just found our old scooter I'm like
this is like early two-thousands or like
late nineties do it like you would you
we're doing - hi it is now BSG we are it
is kind of hot like 95 degrees a lot of
oh my god so strong I look like a
hardcore grandpa right now but no loose
pants summary box we we
we are now walking to the convention
center helping testing I have a subject
for when she comes out and we can open
up the gift shop
anyway our hot does goofy is to put on
cool we are now leaving and we've all
got excited because usually we go eat
after a graduation that we're all
fasting so now we have to go home
you said what happened okay Fabia over
here second outfit where's it from of it
I'm on e Reebok Walmart will be Parker's
boy mama and alia are making what are
you making the banana mash Lubin say
says what I call it oh yeah we're just
at home now we decided to just come home
relax a little bit it's bought
separately and then episod we're all
going to meet up to celebrate my cousin
graduation we'll figure out some place
to meet it I'm not ordering to do though
I now need to grocery shop because I
need to meal prep some stuff with a meal
prep at least one of the meals
I just picked up some head meat for the
yogurt and I need to go to Walmart not
to get Tupperware mom drops meal prep
contagious flavor my new one
I was almost also go to the messages
earlier today to go to the ceramics
store in the Masjid to get another put
on because the English translation ones
that I have now it's in Old English I'm
reading and I'm just like wow this is
almost just full receipt of the world
everything that it's dog hence and I'm
like I'm good I mean I understand it but
it's just like this is really hard to
really think through when you're fasting
excited to find a foot on that has SIA
international translation will make
modern English not old I would order one
online but that's okay forever if I'm
starving you adiposity girls what am I
supposed to okay at first I was like how
obnoxious would it be if I walked around
with it as a joke and then other going
second this is not a bad idea
look as a mini version of it you look
like a competent gonna get this and then
just drink it at home don't leave
Nashville lady walked by on like Saddam
I come with LaVon I can't you're like--
melodic we just had this moment this
fearsome beast
now right though okay go straight taken
35 north
Coffee changes different far so how do I
get emotional
well basics you're right right ooh you
got sprinkles let's give a moment of
appreciation for the names coat where's
it from
it's from a soft we just came to
downtown to get some pizza and this
place is up real late and we were in
like 40 minutes of traffic so busy with
Memorial Day weekend completely forgot
about that not think about that when
we're planning this but we parked like
half a mile away
help us a walk we are at the bridge now
it's like almost three o'clock
so we typically walk alongside the
bridge but that big white one that y'all
saw earlier second ago but oh my god
bug fly on my face but we decided to
walk under it because Allah put under it
and look what we found it's really cool
it's light weight and it has a view of
downtown right there from under the
bridge it is some day
I did not blog today because I couldn't
be bothered to do it and we just had a
spa pad like Vania run stuff and like
Filipino one of the noodles and stuff
like that earlier I did a YouTube
livestream we're part of that I
basically went through my closet looking
through clothes I could give to charity
let's go hold on and shout about it
today not as much of an eventful day but
I'm Glenn today to become a to doubled
on my Ramadan slash aid a style guide
with far fetch is up they just posted it
recently we talked to file bloggers okay
talk about personal style find the
perfect eight gift and the things he
loves most about Amazon
I just basically just answer some
questions about II's and then was on and
then I also have some product pics
throughout but it's we're excited to
actually pick these it's my top five
style sixth grade I did choose those
like pattern loose fit pants and
throwback chairs but I didn't choose
these products because if you all know
farfetch'd farfetch'd is a luxury type
which I don't really stand for but I
chose like you know decent price
clothing but they ended up choosing
pieces that I would never actually
suggest like comes a custom that's
expensive itself I would never just to
go buy that but whatever it is what it
is I'll put the link to this in the
description if you would like to read it
barkridges are actually big here in
america apparently teach in the UK mine
is mostly menswear but Maria alia a
close friend of mine did another
editorial piece for the girls and Hugh
took chacras out to confuse AG also I
need to invest in a blog camera because
my camera's quality is simply not good
enough so I posted this picture earlier
today announcing that I did those little
collaboration thing of our patch and
everybody just keeps commenting about my
smile and my face in it
and why aren't you smiling why you look
so mad hell and me if I want to not
smile in my picture I'm not gonna what
is it to you whether I'm smiling on my
pictures if you don't like it then
unfollow me Helen or Sienna we'll see
andahuaylas could I even and good at
Carolina and I commented again saying
the experts talk about my smile we're
gonna get blocked I've locked so many
people these people just don't listen so
whoever is watching this do not comment
about my smile I don't want to smile I'm
not smile if I want to smile I'm a smile
it's my pictures which are making their
momma can ask nothing genetics to that
better she's pulling off the filo dough
that's the code it looks tasty it's
gonna print that is really the chief of
the ground she is now pouring the butter
dye onto the field
it'll mean will we skip like 20 steps
but I'm done parently competed the other
day I just had a showed a little bit ago
like 6:00 in the morning kind of acidic
I'm gonna lie how I ate all my meals and
I slept fine but I'm not me sleepy right
now and so I'm just sitting on my bed
doing some quarter hour study
usually when studying put on I'm shiny
memorize I'll take the hot to be English
put on out and then I will listen to
like a sassy recite at first I kind of
follow him while he recites just to make
sure I'm kind of reading it properly
then I kind of start like alia bialya
line by line like I'll read an ayah and
not agree and try to understand it just
an oddity and then I'll look at the
English translation and try to connect
it to and really understand how like the
sentence is comprised and how it comes
together versus just memorizing like I
want to actually understand what
defendant is saying and how the sentence
comes together and out of you
basically if I have any trouble I like
look at Google Translate so on plus
hassle Google usually is able to
understand it I think the most trouble
that I have is making sure that I'm
pronouncing all the hata cats right all
the vowel sounds because that makes me
nervous like I can't just memorize the
words I have to make sure that I'm
crowding every vowel
really and if I don't I get really
nervous I would like to point out my
purpose with these videos is logs
because my intention is not for them to
be to act as time wasters for people
that are fasting and kind of just go I'm
fasting I need something to take up my
time so I'm going to go watch this vlog
now that's not my intention my intention
is to share my experience as a Muslim
going to do my bonds just so people can
kind of feel like they're part of a
bigger community and kind of just see
how other people experience it with that
said you should not be spending your
fasting time your time during this holy
month just on YouTube watching videos
all day if you have some time obviously
it's cool to watch your YouTube videos
but you should be spending all of your
time on YouTube or wasting your time
there's a month of growth and connecting
with God so I recommend you take
advantage of that fact and spend more
time studying you know put on and
learning more about your religion and
come praying more so keep that mind
y'all it is now the afternoon I got
dressed in that ready cuz I gotta go on
an errand I need to go to the fabric
store to buy some white fabric and then
I need to buy some table covers because
we have family coming over today for a
spawn and I also need to go to Best Buy
to buy a vlog camera lose a dick
explain my bird oh my god remember DB
cube that is the one nation that's the
one
