hey I hope your double bond going well
inshallah a time to laugh is feeling
really good about mine so far all that
that prep guys talked about my last
video definitely came in handy I know
that there are two different types of
people turn normal Don there are people
that lose weight during the month and
people don't gain weight during the
month with a lot of my friends actually
gave me I'm the kind that loses weight
I've been generally fit in my whole life
not necessarily underweight but on the
lower side of what would be considered a
healthy weight for my height in my age
because I'm 61
I always just had an extremely fast
metabolism and like in my family jeans
were all just long and thin just college
but about two years ago I told myself
I'm like you know it's okay you need to
gain weight you need at least reach like
the average weight for my height so
finally became my goal my priority to
gain weight I started eating a whole lot
eating a lot healthier started working
out more and about two and a half months
in again like 25 pounds because of my
high metabolism it's really easy for me
to gain and lose weight which makes
maintaining my weight extremely
difficult so during the month long I
have to be very very diligent about my
eating habits I have to maintain the
amount of food that I eat in a normal
day in to eight and half hours time on
to eat turn the night on a normal day
just to maintain the weight that I have
now again not to gain weight just to
prevent me from losing weight I have to
eat for full meals and be eating high
carb snacks to treat all of those meals
so I wake up in the morning and as usual
I'm starving every day I wake up
extremely hungry so I need a bagel right
away just to fix that hungry because
bagels out of their time calories which
I meet and then 30 minutes later I will
have my first full meal not breakfast I
mean like a full blown meal like rice
chicken sauce
vegetable a full meal not breakfast and
then about four hours later I'll have my
second full meal and a few hours after
that I'll have my nutrition drink which
is just really high in calories and
protein and so I just consider that they
replace that for one of my meals and
then around the time that I go to sleep
I'll have my last force final meal and
then between all those meal I'm eating
some sort of snack like
usually bread because bread is really
high calories again this is also just
maintain the weight that I have now not
to gain it just to keep you where I'm at
now so during the hold on I have to
squeeze all that in the a and have hours
of my time we break fast here at 8:30
p.m. and so I have my first meal then
then around 11:00 p.m. I'll have my
second full meal which isn't that long
after the first meal around midnight or
1:00 ish I'll have my nutrition drink
and then first row it I'll have my
fourth and final meal
this is the first year that I'm
extremely keen on maintaining my weight
because I always lose weight no matter
how hard I try I lose weight during M
along if that year that I gained 25
pounds
when did I month long came around I lost
like 12 pounds and this year I'm really
sticking to my meal prep just to make
sure that I have a meal always there
when I need it not for all meals because
often a month cooks a lot but that goes
quickly and I always want to make sure
that I have an action you know dish
they're ready if I need to eat we're
going to have a backup dish last year I
did the normal meal prep where you pack
each meal individually and then you just
heat up that Tupperware in the microwave
when you're ready but I do not like
using the microwave to heat up meat and
vegetables and I hate when like the soft
from the meat and the vegetables sits
with the rice and it just sits there
soggy
all day that's not okay with me so for
this year I bought four of these really
tall thin containers for each of the
parts of the meal one can hold my rice
one can hold the vegetables one can hold
the meat in the sauce and then the
fourth one can just be any extra heavy
dish that I end up cooking this way I
can heat up the dry rice in the
microwave which I don't mind doing and
then heat the vegetables and the meat on
the stove and basically eat a fresh meal
every time another huge part for me is
water everyone knows that you know
you're supposed to drink water but I
don't think a lot of people really
understand how impactful water gets on
your body a lot of the times the hunger
that you feel even outside of it Amazon
isn't even hunger it's actually thirst
and if you were to just drink a lot of
water in that moment your hunger would
probably go away which happens to me all
the time
I typically drink a lot of water you can
outside of ramadhan like I always have
water bottle with me no matter where I
go but again I got to make sure I'm
drinking a lot of water in the eight
hours a very small time frame that I
have and so I bought this obnoxiously
huge water hook from Walmart I initially
went in to just go buy those small thin
glass ones but tonight friends did this
little guy uh figured out how to do at
least one of these funds in a half hours
so far with the routine that I have
right now with the four meals and the
water intake actually fastened in the
day time for me it as much of a struggle
as it used to be in the past I used to
get really weak and just have constant
low energy I get really bad hunger
headaches again because my very fast
metabolism and so my body is just
constantly burning calories and
basically by midday my body didn't have
anything to burn off anymore because I
put in my stomach so it was just like my
body would just like deteriorate time to
lacerate the fourth day of fasting and
it's been going really well so far I'm
able to still do things in the daytime
without wanting to punch everyone in the
throat which oils fasting is going
smoothly
hopefully all are staying healthy and
sticking to your Ramadan goals my first
time was on a big vlog should be going
up in a few days I finally got to final
vlog camera because before I'm just
using my phone and horrible koala
scorable quality but keep sticking to
your goal for the mark keep pray I'll
see y'all soon inshallah
