hey I'll sew the Madonna's coming up
y'all Z this year's gonna be a little
different for me doing a lot a lot of
things different this year I'm going to
be doing a lot to make the house feel
like I don't belong kind of change up
the space a little bit if something has
been on my mind for a while now but I
always into pictures of Philistine and
aegis and always Muslim countries and
during Amazon the streets look
completely filled life and decorations
I've never actually experienced on
Amazon back home or in a Muslim country
but I would imagine that you really feel
a sense of season and change in the
season like you actually see this change
in the environment around you one that
I'm alone is coming kind of like
Christmas here in America because here
when it's Christmastime
you will without a doubt know that it is
indeed Christmastime everywhere you go
Christmas ever
but for Muslims living in Western
countries when they don't along comes it
kind of just feels like the normal
day-to-day of living in this country but
we're just fasting and going to wait
more and you know praying a lot more
there's no sense of like celebration for
the month as it is a holy month of rest
so this year I'm putting a big emphasis
on making our house feel like an
immobilizer legit going around buying
decorations and concept the aesthetic
for this year's in a mobile at the
moment I'm at a very very minimal white
and gold look that's kind of the
direction I'm going for through the
season but that could definitely change
come also on a lot of other madan table
where I bought a imes
table cover which is like a traditional
Mabon table cover in Egypt and Palestine
and specifically used during the hold on
so I've got one then I'm finding really
traditional looking serving bowls and
trays and spoons and stuff so that we me
my family get stuck as a family we have
specific pieces for from a bomb
especially now because like my family
we're all adults now and it's really
hard for us to find time that we're all
together in the same space at the same
time and that's just in general let
alone like during Ramadan so I'm going
to try to have a set like one day a week
where we all together and make use of
all these pieces a timeline for a spot
of dinner this is like some AG TV stuff
you guys this is I'm going to work hard
for the planets to make a video of this
decoration process that I'm going
through to share with you guys in
Shelton lon and obviously the meaning of
Ramadan is
about decorations and making things
pretty decorating the house it's still
about no rebuilding your relationship
with God working on yourself and your
favorite man now working with the less
fortunate but there's definitely
something to be said about getting in
the mood for the month there's a lot of
afraid that it often here especially
from one of my aunts like when we'd all
be sitting together because a huge
family should locate oh I'll go sit up
last in the balcony come or ask why
would we move up we're already all
sitting here all set here and she's
saying you know the thing is just
basically like you know just to change
if the environment changes setting when
she said that and I heard it for the
first time I was like huh interests me
it's not a concept that you would hear
about the American culture I grew up in
America
and I never heard about that concept of
like changing your environment changing
up your setting but not of culture
there's this huge emphasis on good
company and like literature sitting a
circle with people and conversing
getting to know them adjust but having a
good time with people and within that
concept of you know good company I
notice that there's like this
understanding of how impactful your
environment in your setting is I feel
like it's just because we as humans
aren't built to be stuck in like this
monotonous routine of doing the exact
same thing exact same place every single
day not something I've begun to
implement interests in general in my day
to day life this year I'm trying
implement that concept into animal bones
to really get in the field of Amazon and
then there's this spiritual aspect that
all along I'm actually kind of
approaching this year like a business
plan I always obviously have goals
during the month like reading a certain
amount to put on I'm going to Subway's
consistently but they're usually just
loose goals like I kind of tell myself
and I just sits in the back of my head
to the mother there's nothing worse than
reaching the end of Ramadan on 8th and
looking back and not soon like you
really tried your best or you really you
really changed or you've grown closer to
God or you have it you know how to just
gain knowledge for the month and it's a
really crappy feeling because you know
what I'm alone going to come for another
year so this year I'm setting up a legit
document like a Google Doc where I'm
writing out my objectives and goals a
month
it'll include a calendar that basically
breaks down a timeline of how much I
need to get done every day or every
every week in order to accomplish my
goal by the end of the moment it's
basically my business plan photo model
this year and that's obviously not to
disconnect myself from the spirit
of the month and on face about
connecting with God but I still want to
make sure that I'm getting these things
done while still you know working on the
spiritual aspect and is willing to make
sure that when I need comes I can look
back and say yo I've grown as connected
more with God and I've recharged my Eman
this year I've also been trying to take
it easy on the food not over indulge
just as I'm not jumping inside I'm a
bomb like cold turkey and I go from like
eating eating eating and boom with no
food and I'm going to be hangry all day
I'm not trying to get in that much how
much time to make a smooth transition to
minimize the hangar levels and I have my
overarching goal for the month I'm along
is a lot about strengthening one's faith
which is obviously rooted in your
connection with God you know your space
being done so this year as I main
objectives I really want to focus my
efforts in getting to know a lot more
get a better understanding of his
attributes and characteristics like look
who is Allah so alongside obviously
reading the Quran throughout the month
I'm going to try to study and read more
into the 99 names of Allah I always used
to sing the song of his name's it's not
a lot a snuff because when I was in high
school time which has me release the
cover of that song hey oh good
so I know that are my names and their
general meanings but I really want to go
in-depth in figuring out and thinking
through why you chose those specific 99
name I got this book called blessed
names and attributes of Allah by after I
became get away oh I hope I'm not going
to cheat on backwards but I'm not let a
goal the glitches that are beautiful
book it basically goes in-depth into
each of the 99 names and gives a little
snippet about that name that attribute
in HoN I'm trying to find like more
books similar to this concept because
this is long gone for for the month what
I'm really interested in is learning
more about one of his characteristics
one of his attributes then running into
an area when I'm reading to put on that
speaks to one of the attributes that I
read that kind of correlates to one of
the characteristics I just learned about
I mean the put on is exact words
and so it's like seeing one of his
attributes in action but how we actually
portrays one of those characteristics in
his book and I think you'll be really
interested in kind of give me a
understanding of what's being said and
kind of the context behind this being
said you know I mean it's lovely when
I'm reading to put on I can do it a
perfect example of how he is like the
all-embracing boom right there when shot
was it the gold when I reach angels
Piplup I wanted was back into life Oh
boom done I mean these are all things
that we should be doing throughout the
entire year not just rings on hold on
but the way I started seeing it is that
one bond is like extra credit time in
school and why would anyone not take
advantage of the extra credit and this
is probably the most preparation that
I've done for Amazon ever like gold wise
and mental and physical and emotional
preparation for the month with all this
preparation the anticipation is kind of
building and making me really eager for
doubled on taxes or affect the feeling
that I used to get in school when I
would really study for tests and I knew
I was going to do really well on it and
I just let you know is coming but I know
how many go on debt my couple are able
to take some sort of inspiration from my
personal approaches for the month
hopefully are able to find itself
building a strong relationship with God
but with whatever it is you choose to do
for this month keep in mind that
whatever you do it is all for your own
good God does not need your facts he
does not need your prayers he does not
need your reading of the Quran the only
person that's going to be gaining
anything from any of that work is
yourself so try to keep that in mind
when you find yourself struggling during
the month I know that a lot of people
you know towards the middle of the month
they kind of start to decrease in their
amount of work that they do try to have
like every five days a check-in or your
cell phone of whether you're progressing
remember that this is a month of
knowledge and growth I'll hopefully try
to vlog throughout the month kind of a
weekly vlog type thing also general bond
decoration video process and some like a
styling ideas for guys and girls then we
got some stuff in the works and sha
Allah I hope you all stay motivated
spend time with your family and your
friends and draw the month and keep
praying and I will see you guys later
this
you
