so I'm very meaning to make this video
and continuation of my university story
video which I will link at the end of
this you would like to watch it I'm in a
pretty unique place in my career right
now so I thought that would be a good
time to talk through my career to date
so I finished college back in 2013 I got
a bachelor's in visual communications
and a minor in communication studies
visual communications basically a
broader term for graphic design I look
forward to continuing study graphics in
grad school was a school that I got into
in New York that I was dying to go to
was way too expensive it was like
$100,000 in total and I was like yeah
I'm not paying that much so I said I
just work in the field for a little bit
it's an experience and then to figure it
out for video the job plan process took
a while that take a long time I went
through a lot of interviews and didn't
get any offers sit all except for one
and an ad agency and then so panel off
out of nowhere I got an offer at buffle
the watch company which is headquartered
here in Texas purely by the will of
Allah I got the job I worked as a
graphic designer
for the corporate communications team I
don't like branding logos posters
marketing collateral access stuff now I
always been in fashion but obviously
nobody encouraged me to study fashion
because nobody thinks an actual job so
it was never an option for me to have
studied a even though I totally would
have at this point possible selling
clothes so I would see all these fashion
designers who study fashion design and
have a normal job have a normal salary
and I'll leg up this is the thing so it
eventually became my goal to get more
into the fashion side of design even
though my degree isn't an apparel design
I thought I could teach myself and you
know my portfolio can speak for my
talent as opposed to more degrees that's
when I first started blogging my outfit
and the personal style even to follow me
since like day one this is when my
social media CAC took this turn into
fashion and styling then tactics up my
mom's long machine and I read the manual
and I started watching a bunch of
YouTube videos on how to sew and how do
I make patterns house sketch I started
learning about fabrics materials one
more at this point I knew I had to keep
my day job
aka my moneymaker um separate from my
end goal which was to get into fashion I
knew I needed to develop my skill in
fashion while working in graphics until
I can make fashion my moneymaker so I
worked as a graphic designer at possible
for about two years I had a whole lot of
complications twisting
an online team and I worked really hard
to work through it to actually wanted to
quit with a year in hell of like also a
big name so they really good for my
resume and all but I'll just stick to it
for a little bit and that's why I didn't
leave but then around this the two-year
mark was getting closed and I'm like
okay now is a good time to to move on to
something new but I didn't really know
where I wanted to go in terms of like
what field I was working graphics but
then the corporate communications team
have this big social media aspect that
came into it and so they pulled me into
social media and I was working with
graphics and social media then I had my
sting of want to go into fashion so I
basically work on a graphic portfolio
social media portfolio and a fashion
portfolio again not knowing where I
wanted to go to the why I develop three
different portfolios especially in Texas
because there aren't a lot of fashion
opportunities here in the south and so I
started looking at places in New York
then out of nowhere I get this email
from this random lady from the stocking
team which is one of the brands that
also designed for it's like this really
cool minimal Danish inspired brand that
I had always admired not was like oh my
god it was so cool to work for that team
basically she had ravaged my social
media because I posted an outfit where
I'll be wearing Scotty watch and I
tagged them and I saw my profile so
basically like we're looking for a
social media art director and we noticed
your your social media presence would
you be interested in applying for the
job and I was like bruh you just got me
and I'm a like I'm half way out of this
company right now I'm literally like one
foot in the building and the rest of me
is already out that's how close I am to
quitting so channel so panel love the
way God work
is something else there's something I
like dr. yang took the job was awesome
helped with the strategy for social
media and contacted the creative and the
photography art Gretchen for everything
I went to New York for instant that we
hosted those cool villages but yet again
I had issues with the management that's
not necessarily my manager but the the
director of the brand not have this
tendency to dig into why I do things
like everything that I do is there
hasn't be a reason why I'm doing one the
more thing I did into my purpose at this
company
the more I realize that I'm literally
there to just make more money for the
company I kind of just felt empty from
that I'd feel any sense of reward with
what I was doing at one point I was
having a really crappy week I'm already
over it I had literally put everything
into this huge massive project and
basically developed the entire strategy
and create a strategy for fall sixteen
and I just did not get the response I
was expecting from the directors it was
a very very unprofessional very very
mature I had only been there for like
three months but I mentally could not
endure more crap especially after coming
from two years of enduring crap so I
told myself that I'm going to quit I'm
not least going to put like my
everything my all into you know a
project and go from there but after the
whole fall sixteen thing I was just like
one day I came in and had another crappy
meeting and I was like why am I here if
I'm unhappy who am i healthy no not me
doesn't have the company and I kind of
just got like this this feeling on my
stomach like Oh something irrational
about to happen I just kind of like felt
right I took a big long walk throughout
the building just kind of look at things
and like thought about what would happen
if I quit was the place I've been coming
to for two years
Monday through Friday 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.
basically become a part of me so if I
wanted to reflect on what it would be
like if I would leave and I expected my
mom my sister and talk to a friend from
my old team and I was like I'm about to
put in my two weeks that's a wrap it was
a random I did not go into work that
morning planning to put him there two
weeks that was not what was stopping me
before was the fact that I didn't have a
job lined up I can't quit I don't have
another job to go to but at this point I
was like I don't care
listen once I realized that that
specific job we're getting in the way of
my end goal which was to get into
fashion I had been pushing too long for
my own line which someone that was
working on after work but when I get
home I was just mentally dead my mind
was empty has no creative juices left it
was just complete utter mental
exhaustion and to me that was a big sign
that was like nope if any job is
mentally exhausting enough to the point
getting in the way of my life and what I
want to do in my career then it's not
worth it now I'm not saying that
everybody should go and do this now hold
on I could financially afford a break I
had money safe and I was living with my
family if there were any time to take a
break and work on myself and grow on my
career that would be now so I rushed to
graduate high school at 16 and there was
an overlap with college and then I
rushed to graduate college at 20 and
then I started working right after so
there was never any time for me to just
experiment and try to things and figure
things out I was always trying to get
somewhere I just needed a personal
brimming similar to the gap year y'all
have in UK because in America we don't
have that so I made gold for this little
creative break of mine one was to
redevelop my social media stuff because
there was absolutely no direction with
what I was posting it was kind of like
whatever whenever especially the
consistency on my youtube channel
non-existent to was to finally launched
a clothing line one that I could
actually sell not just design it but you
know be able to produce it until two
people and three figure out my life
figure out my career goal and and
establish what steps that I need to take
to get step one kind of completely exile
graphic design at this point I was like
100 percent over it over graphic design
as my day job that was definitely not an
option but looking more into social
media and marketing communications from
less less design and perhaps a company
with purpose like a non-profit or
working for the city or just a school
district a place for my work is
benefiting the world or people in some
way I also started seriously considering
teaching I've always had this
inexplicable urge to be a high school
history teacher don't know why I really
like history I get that part I love
working with kids and inspiring them and
being that one teacher that motivates
them and pushes them to go become
greatness I thought maybe I could teach
for a few years until fashion could
become with the full-time thing in Texas
teachers actually make pretty good money
so like financially it wouldn't be a bad
idea but I don't know I'm still in this
create a break right now
I have revamps redeveloped my social
media which is why I'm leaving making
video right now
I lost my blog which kind of keeps my
content organized and is a place where I
can share my
small spots on especially religion and
God so if you haven't tested out
definitely good abusive I lost my line
is Shambala so ke kaha did a lot better
than I was expecting all by the grace of
Allah but I'm still figuring out my next
steps from a career still been
interviewing around I've been rejected I
projected companies said after a few
rounds of interviews with some companies
I'll just feel like yeah doesn't this
doesn't feel right it just didn't feel
like it was the next step in my career
and so I would end up with drawing
revocation and cancelling the next
energy I'm the law but I do have my
trust in God I've gone through these
extreme stages of confusion before and
he's oh we've got into the right place
so I'm not stressing in there are days
where I'm like ooh we're getting
somewhere
and there's some days where I'm like
running and cuddling with my mom like I
don't want to be an adult so many
responsibilities they'll tell you this
once you graduate college if I do have
my days but deep down I do have my most
trust in God's plan for me we all know
that there's a very huge chance that
your career path will change course
multiple times throughout your life
that's I mean we as human beings are
constantly changing every day every
month every year so it's to no surprise
that you know your career path would
change at one point so just don't rush
anything don't stress about the futures
I mean as long as Thailand just keep on
working toward what you see goes right
and pray that you're working towards the
path that God has planned for you I mean
I now know that apparel design is my
path and so that's kind of like my
guiding light that's the direction I
know I'm meant to take so traveling fun
of yours my brother or sister is less
planned shallow the plan is to make a
continuation of this video eventually
with actual career advice not me talking
about myself until then stick x stay
humble keep trusting in God and I'll see
ya later table blue
