hey y'all so if you follow me on
instagram you'll know that I've been in
philistine for the past like three weeks
I've been working on a couple projects a
couple videos about Palestine and
Palestinian refugees I obviously bought
way too much stuff when I was there
because it's fall asleep obviously in
light of buying such an exaggerated
amount of things I thought to myself why
not make a Palestine hall video as means
of resisting the occupation sticking it
to the man and showing the beauty of my
culture like people so that's what we're
doing
what's happening I want you almost all
of the major Palestinian cities I start
off in Jerusalem then I went up Dhaka
Kepha yatha and then it must Bank I went
to Ramallah Nablus halide or Hebron
Jericho and then ended up in my little
village up north near Nablus so you know
I'm also planning to make a video about
traveling to Palestine in hopes of
helping y'all one day finding your way
to folks theme shot long so let's do
this thang yeah
let's generally go by city because I
have a lot of stuff and I don't know how
to put this in order so we're gonna
start with Jerusalem I got a classic
goofy or hot bum I obviously already
have like 20 of these in my house but I
thought I'd be important to get one
actually from Palestine and you know hop
does have different styles of I don't
know if this is called this edging I've
been wanting a really fluffy one and I
finally I found this look at all the
fluff I just want the fluff you know you
know I got this super extra must Baha
it's so exaggerated and apparently I
don't know if the guy that was sung in
this was lining me or not but supposedly
these are made by Palestinian inmates in
these really jails I don't know how how
true that is but I like the idea so
obviously I support it you know
hopefully so hopefully you won't lie to
me I got this stuff that is pillowcase
for those who do not know the videos is
Palestine
embroidery as you can see the cross
stitching style I went through a
ridiculous amount of shops and sifted
through stacks and stacks of puppies
pillowcases to find one that fit the
exact design and color style that I was
looking for I wanted the classic red on
black with the classic centered square
design hamdullah
I found it I'm gonna zoom out just a
smidge to get a little more room to show
this thing I got a simple white fob you
know your basic white Friday prayer your
classic American guy I want to look
Muslim today type look you know when
you're shopping in a market back home
and they always offer a really good
quality and then the really cheap basic
quality one this is the cheap basic
quality one the higher quality launched
wasn't fitting my aesthetic so we've
moved on and there's no shame with the
low quality I'm here for the low quality
as long as it's made me follow stayin
here for the low quality I don't even
know if I'm like properly showing this
you guys can't really see the camera
screen so like I meant the thumb it's
not really much to show but I move on I
bought a bunch of our bias
I bought this brown eye bag yeah it's a
little more minimal version of the
typical and traditional abaya
it doesn't have any detailing on the
sleeves on the chest I'm it's literally
just like a box square Justin like a
brown square and I could could have
easily done it myself I was stubborn and
I said I want one from Palestine so I
got one I'm definitely trying to make
the Evalia like my day to day thing like
a go-to style that I just always go to
it's just so classic and traditional and
no guys wear them anymore so I'm
bringing it back it's happening it's
happening guys it's happening not
exactly in this very moment but it's
happening actually looks
really
with the color okay I can keep it some
okay I also bought three other hobbies
um
that's how fat was extra extra I got the
classic black and gold
Abhaya which is pretty straightforward
I'm sure you've seen this around it's
usually in black or this brown with the
gold detail it's gonna give a little bit
of but a close-up with the detail there
because I think it's worth showing you
guys you know you know um big hats in
the summertime I also got a white one
with similar gold trimming on the chest
and on the sleeve just a smidge this one
has a little bit of tassel work I also
got an olive green one to change up the
look you know to get some get some
different modern vibes going you know
what I mean just change it up a smidge
when I first got home and I tried the
white one on my first thought and the
snap that I sent to my friends was why
do I look like a Moroccan princess I
mean I'm still wearing it this the loose
please help but I just thought it was
you know so if you've ever been to
Philistine you'll know how huge gummy
candy is there so obviously I brought
back in bag for me to savor for the next
few months it's all halal guns you don't
know how hard it is to get hello gummy
worms in America look at all the gang
rooms that got guys look at all the
other ones I got I got the teeth I got
the the wishbone the dog bone this
beautiful these little sugar sticks I'm
pretty sure this is like 99.9% straight
sugar but it's so good a job oh I got
some ship ship got your basic ship ship
or couple for my desi folk up there
assalamu alaikum I actually got two
types the cheaper quality ones right
here which are for the day-to-day you
know running errands or that really
quick run to my car when I don't want to
put shoes on
so close my face yeah but so these are
the cheap one nothing is real other then
I got one of good quality of higher
quality that I'll wear for like actual
dressed up outfits you know I'm going to
get that to get that sahaba look you
know this one is actually real leather
and it's made in full of things all like
day you know I'm honest and stuff you
know in Bethlehem or Bethlehem but a lot
of stuff y'all I got this amazing
tablecloth y'all yes
look at it yes yes it is sewn with the
traditional Bethlehem style of
embroidery called the fillets a lift or
the couching embroidery right here I
always convinced for some reason that
this was actually made in Bethlehem
until I came back home to America and I
visited my friend's house my friend who
is Pakistani I go into one of the rooms
I haven't been in before and the room is
filled with pillows with this exact same
design on the pillows I was like okay so
it's not from Bethlehem definitely
imported from India or Pakistan but I
bought it in Palestine so you know
that's all that matters I did that
myself in the beginning because
traditionally Palestinians that use this
much color in their designs and when I
first saw it oh look so desi but then
when the guy said it was men the
Bethlehem stitching oh my god it's a
Bethlehem man sting just as my good oh I
bought so much fabric like ridiculous I
haven't gone shopping in almost a year
now and so every time I travel you know
a different country I tell myself you
know I haven't shopped in a long time so
I'm just gonna like indulge and buy all
this stuff I honestly can't afford
because I haven't been shopping so
show you guys this right here you guys
it's called saya it is the traditional
clothing of the sham region of
philosophy in Syria and Lebanon it's so
simple it's literally just like
different colors and widths of stripes
but for some reason it's near impossible
to find these types of patterns in
America I got to in a very similar blue
and gold of blue and yellow and then a
gold and green one is just a bunch of
different dark blues and greens and reds
this is probably one of my favorites
right here look at just look at just
look I'm trying to make sure that the
color is showing up on this in this
video camera but there's just a bunch of
colors but more of a gold red black a
little bit of blue in there these are
all gonna be probably coats pants or
tops that I'm gonna make them into and
then these I'm gonna make more for
details on my t-shirts or detail on the
pants or something this is a little bit
more extra because it has the shine to
it
it's like shabby as hell like super
traditional so like you know how I would
do that
and then I also got this one a little
bit of a pattern in there not just some
stripes and change it up and then it
also got this one which is a more
simpler but zoomed in version and I'm
just not noticing that there's a
disgusting right stay down there and
that sucks because this is only half a
meter wide so this one is basically my
crowning jewel you guys this guy right
here my monitor is down here so I'm
making sure it's up and see it look how
beautiful it is get the sheen to it just
the stripes this is a traditional
pattern native to the Nablus region of
Palestine which is the region that I'm
from and so obviously I bought like a
buttload of it so it's lens it Hospital
bought it I was like yo it's from Nablus
and I'm not just like I gotta get it you
know I was like it this I'm probably
gonna make like a really huge coat out
of it and just like just like jus matic
as hell like a dramatic ass coat that's
just like all it's the floor this laser
is massive
so this last piece I've always wanted a
Palestinian goombazz which is the
traditional Palestinian men's clothing
if you've seen a Palestinian deputy
performance where the guys are wearing
those tops that are black and white
stripes kind of similar to a Thor but
it's not closed off it's slit in the
middle and they wrap it like this and
they wear a waist belt to keep it all
together and then they usually pull it
up from the bottom and then tie it in
the back and then that shows the black
or white should wear pants like the
really baggy pants
unfortunately the Kumba's has almost
completely died out except for
Palestinian deputy performances I don't
know how they even get them but
basically nobody wear doesn't anymore
ever since I was a little kid I'd
watched these deputy performances I'd
look oh my god that's Philistine II I
want one of those and it's just
impossible to find even in Palestine I
could not find it anywhere but the next
step to me getting up emboss was me just
buying the fabric what I found
I'm so happy I found it it's really it's
very specific fabric it's black and
white and it has a little bit of a sheen
to it and it has like little arrows on
them you can get a little bit closer
look to it can you see that y'all see it
it's just a little very simple very
simple black and white stripe but it's
impossible to find the fabric let alone
the actual piece so I just bought a
buttload of this fabric and I'm going to
make it myself
this piece right here is my prized
possession I found the exact style and
design that I was looking for in
Bethlehem oh my god it's so beautiful
it's so beautiful it's so filet it's
just so like village you know Z it's a
little rough to the touch it's it's
actually very rough to touch but I don't
really care
I found the design I don't know why I
put that on me just now that's just full
of dust and
dang it why do that basically I just
want the ability when people come over
to my house and see these things I can
say Oh actually got this in follows
theme as Palestinians of people who are
struggling to maintain our culture and
our traditions because the frickin
occupation of our land it's just very
comforting being able to say that's
something that I own is from Palestine
it's from the land of my people in my
culture although a low-key a few of
these things are actually from Jordan
but we're gonna put that back to the Sun
fit moving on to a few things that I got
from the Nablus region which is the
region where my family comes from this
is just so extra like even just
presenting this to you guys it's just so
extra little traditional coffee set as
decoration it's small as hell decoration
obviously not for actual use because
these are doing but I just really like
the thick white carved of paint detail
that you can kind of see it I think
there we go see see a little bit of the
design on there the white I'm really
digging it I'm feeling it I don't
typically like these things I just feel
like they're pointless cuz it's just
decoration and you can actually use it I
just I saw the white design now like ah
you've got mammal I'm gonna market got
me I will fly there
he got me although I did get home and
started cleaning it and I saw the sign
on the back that said made in India but
it's okay I mean I love the hata culture
you know the basic culture so I mean
it's just perfect combination right
there I also got this little mini mullah
or incense burner if you will since in
there even though I don't like using
coal for but what I usually use a candle
to burn the before but it looked legit
and I'm not gonna use it but it looks
good to go just put them up on my table
on the on the coffee tables you know I
also got this very simple metal vase
something special but it is aesthetic
and so naturally I purchased it I
definitely got ripped off on it and I
didn't really
so the day the day after I got it I woke
up and I was like I just spent 20 shakin
on a small little metal vase that should
have max my max cost of 10 chicken but
whatever its aesthetic and the little
kid who sold it to me did a good job of
ripping me off so good job little boy I
am so bummed because I bought a
traditional Palestinian clay water pot
you guys the one that Palestinian women
would balance on their head and dance
with at times of celebration but the
frickin Jordanian customs folk took it
from me at the airport for absolutely no
reason they pulled it out of my back and
just said you cannot take this to
America and I said why yes Yeti
he said huh it's illegal that's it
simple as that I was like bruh I was
able to bring the small little bass
version of it which is just annoying
because he let this one go but not the
other one and I'm definitely gonna sneak
in another one next time because I need
that clay pot in my bedroom
now Nablus you guys is known for its
olive trees right my family is from
small little village like 20 minutes
outside of the city of madness so I
bought a bunch of these wooden must
bajas they are supposedly made out of
olive wood from the Nablus region and
sealed with olive oil from the Nablus
region I don't know whether that's
completely true the guy was lying to me
or trying to sell me these beads but it
worked because I purchased them and I'm
just going to convince myself that these
are indeed made out of olive trees from
my region so there we go guys I've been
saying is about every single piece that
I've showed y'all but this is my
favorite piece right here I just I just
cannot stop staring at all of the
details in the design it's just so
intricate how how I don't even know if
I'm gonna use it as an actual tram I
just actually like
put it on the wall and sneeze that's for
aesthetic because this is so clean
breath this is fresh so I also went to
Holly or Hebron which is known for its
ceramics this is their traditional
design the traditional style of design
obviously I bought way more than I
needed and I don't even know what I'm
gonna do with all of them I went to an
actual glassblowing Factory in Killeen
where I was able to watch them make
these things like right in front of me
and they had a little gift shop at the
side of this Factory and just bought
everything because I just think it over
indulged in the experience I'm just I
was really feeling I was in my feels
okay and it wasn't that expensive
honestly like this probably costed like
I think it's like two dollars American
dollars we're just not that bad but just
thinking about how much I bought in
total from fellow state obviously I got
a bunch of small little plates in
different sizes different shapes you
know then it got a little little mini
one you it's adorable and this was
a little different you know bury it up
you know this one's a little a little
candy jar when you put things on my desk
I bought a bunch of tiles I don't even
know what I'm gonna be doing with them
but I love the designs and so I decided
to buy them and then eventually figure
out what I'm gonna do with them but I
just had to buy them there's just only
two to my favorite pieces look at that
look at the designs on them yes yes just
like I got this little pomegranate
trinket which apparently is a thing and
Philistine it's like a very common
household decoration piece to have a
little pomegranate yes
I got another mug cut up another incense
burner but this one's more accurate to
how actually burn my cohort with a
little candle put the candle inside the
pod up here
smells I've also got a bunch of other
hot bus I think Peter actually found
something different but basic colors as
you can see this is like a nice deep
rich copper if you will this one is just
plain black black on black how fresh
just black on black and then I got this
I don't even color this is but now that
I'm looking at it it kind of looks gross
like it looks it looks dead for
somebody's like I so show my skin it's
just I mean I'm gonna wear it but like I
got a classic white head of Bali haha
this is the more common style that the
older generation would wear it's plain
white it's really thin it's very
see-through I grew up seeing like all
the old men wearing these I'm just like
Brian I need to have one and I obviously
bought a I can to go with it because you
gotta have that I can how long has that
been down look messy so you know how I
said this is a traditional men's hata
there's a female equivalent now my
camera but what it's called but I bought
one because I thought it'd be cool to
have for any future clothing line shoots
that I'm having by the way I'm even
launching in like this is one there's a
lot smaller than I expected I smell it
was like a home I bought it but
basically it's the same thing but this
one is a rectangle it's a little bit
longer and bigger and they close two of
the edges they sew them together then it
just falls all the way down their back
and it looks so cool so traditional I
really want to have like my sister wear
it in one of the shoes that we have so
it's happening
I bought this okay right now my hair is
obviously it's a little long and so I
can't wear it but I got the which is
called the mafia wifey I think it's
called basically this goes on top of
your head first and then that goes on
top of it and then it
that just to keep means of keeping it
your hair down and keeping the the hata
from slipping yeah that's it that's
everything and shot all of the projects
that I'm working on about philistine
will be done in the next month or two
they're both videos so they'll both be
on my youtube channel and shot well
that's the plan but for now I will see
you later
