yeah hey y'all so this is my cousin side
know do you want to give him a little
inch about yourselves
ha ha he was in my uh my deaf get video
a long time ago like warm Ivory's go
it's a video about me showing what not
to do when you defconn and she was the
girl that I was dancing with the curly
hair that was on that one last time that
she lived you with the ha ha ha
what about your background though like I
don't now my name is sue
my mom is felis the media ha ha that's
how I know then yeah it's all related
her your grandpa from my your mom's side
and my grandpa my dad side our brothers
yes so I saw this video that Dina Tokyo
made with her brother Hasson it was them
translating out of me songs and she said
that she's gonna become another we have
to make a video but what about I said
hold on we always legit young guys
actually have Skype sessions where we
sit and just listen ah to be songs and
see if you can translate as many as we
can that's what we're gonna be doing but
just the heads up we do not I do not I
don't know I don't all speak for you but
I do not speak out of me fluently so
there's a very high chance that I will
miss translate something or just not
know what something means so just heads
up yeah I don't want to see any negative
comments about let's not look at me head
does something think I'm on the same
boat as you okay we're about the same
look we're gonna do like the first verse
of the song and the chorus like that's
it we won't have too many songs starting
with and held or what's happening okay
it means that the carriage the
horse-drawn carriage yeah Oh uncle but
it's the nice way of calling a random
guy oh dude
hey guys
yeah me if I hum dorium humbug Oh uncle
that that belongs to the horse-drawn
carriage
yes have the the need urge to ride the
horse drawn carriage and then the the
hump up the guy riding the horse drawn
carriage says man she he says okay like
sure
and that now she's technically on the
actual carriage but and I ride the
Marschallin carriage and then they go
they digging videa gaymes
which is a non it's an onomatopoeia in
english is the sound that it makes on a
forcing balance it goes bit again
vidiians didn't it didn't fit in it and
I sit in the front what ship did yeah
and I pulled my guide pulley I strained
the the reins a little the rope that
hold the horse the one that makes it big
again mitigant huh yeah happier you go
guys we just looked it up apparently go
we thought that means Joe as in like
space or environment today said it was
is a girlfriend I did not know and go oh
oh must be people if you can help us to
tell us what go means because we don't
know what you will hug even go Diane I'm
gonna get my girlfriend and she's gonna
right beside me via template and we're
gonna ride the horse drawn carriage or
sway sway healthy day did the day I
she's gonna put her hand on my arm
yeah oh man yeah Yankee wish you got
this on and out of it when getting in
with have no I thought that then we're
gonna skip that we're not mostly enough
but I did it got vada AE again and we're
gonna ride on any side light up the road
woman's in neck we papa we're going to
get down from the kimchi potatoes
toes and we're gonna eat also what does
it succeeds like visit when how do you
ladyship it all and we're gonna eat
afterwards we're going to eat chocolate
yellow fed machines yellow units the
next song is every goes well she's a
little aha
okay yo yes and a half then explain the
expression anatomy we'll get to when I
get to the point will exploit my god-dd
kata but there's nothing coming like
hoping like this I hope that hard to
like explain it like it makes sense in
my head and out of it when it comes to
translating it sounds weird
that's how yeah is let's go to work I'll
live happily it would be the happy we
could calm down my love like this Wittig
I say he's a man go back to the old way
old time getting this money
Abdullah listen to me my son Yemen it's
not literally mean my son but I
explained it's just called you love me
it's mine you had the lamb listen to me
you're gonna you're gonna spoil me
that sounds hot so really that's a tiny
can death with Diana Kevin you and you
take my eyes is wet as well happy be out
love my love come close four syllable
symbols and look and look and look
silent is i if you're sad be sad exam no
signal skits had more happen basically
the explanation of windows inaudible
it's like yes and a half it's like if
you're gonna be mad be mad and a half
it's being sarcastic it's always saying
if you're gonna be sad be sad and a half
lesson strong I know she's very strong
much that women cannot see
lesson Heba less luck left I asked in as
myself from use my lesson
and awareness about and I'm gonna this
is myself and a half and a half
Hadippa in dedicated on I said I never
gonna make me the one who is a loser for
sure a keener loser
the next talk is to thought I've got V
soul
forget forget meeting in French or don't
say let's be together again
don't say my couch - like I know like
enough forget we're smoking you're not a
possibility that I'm going to be able to
forgive why are you ruining I know what
she do sheesh to make you have so bad my
name is Hansel I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna forget the day that you get the
day that you hurt me that you hurt love
stupid little SS in Mashhad full of
needy oh this part gets me
so no is they le Becky see back and how
how your heart
we lazy you how does she live with like
without her heart didn't set this I'll
attend a happy back you make it
difficult on what the heart of your
lover yes with Zoe would nod nod and you
so it's like you how you are no no and
you add more fire fire - I heard a
little us up enough food
it's like afterwards and at a mental I
hear I'm I adored it I ain't doing it
did he sit I left you left what was on
the way and I continued it when you
translate each other they does not do it
justice to stop Oh Luke will you moron
it was difficult and it was all
bitterness ooh
Internet we're getting it wet did you
leave us and you're coming back to me
now
maja loss it's not enough and be get up
Allah my heart is hurt moving on to one
of my all-time favorite song Lily be
daddy kiddin mmm
listen to Ruby's make it so burn the
lamp itself pretty good the video is
even better video spices good please
wait take it away
she's so excited she's like
how do you do Betty layin anyway it's
like Betty mostly is like sodomy it
happened like it occurred nights past
and I call and I called my love baby and
he did not come to me letting any he did
not make me comfortable oh my god my
mind at ease yeah yeah he bad he's not
aware of what's happening that's what I
share you so that you know and what do I
do
it was the one who I love oh yeah okay
what do I do with the one that I loved
when I said I've circled salon needs his
pictures image in front of my eyes in
front of my eye aim just one oh it's
just for her yeah but clearly you know
honey every night and yoga you don't
forget to skip the elbow Wow Oh dad like
it's like calling to your dad like Oh
father all of my night and all of my
date oh my god the bleep we did get why
so why does he hide like this and why is
he not aware like this skit on it is
that liquid or did I dad hey I don't
want that means skip that part how you
out of me why is confused me
Lillian good evening why does he go to
me a job hugger
haja point says run away from me I don't
know well a biggie Shila daddy kita I
don't come to his mind yeah I don't come
to his mind like this oh hey mr. Pete's
all on him and then she her face with
some hint right here hope that was
entertaining enough um it's not then you
suck in the morning I'll put her link
Atherton sue Graham in the description
if you would like to go follow her she's
really cool she doesn't
hey hey all
and everybody hold me sometime
I'm gonna throw myself to you from the
window from the window I'm gonna throw
you from the window from all the fear
any more beautiful girl many okay
this new Filipino restaurant
