there's new Filipino restaurant
that was the funnest and my mom saying
karaoke it was lucky this is a good
little world it is now like 1:30 in the
morning but I am very much awake wide
awake and I haven't done any grocery
shopping since before Donald on ended
and so I'm going to Walmart to do some
brother job
and 100% that guy no doubt brah
King's Hawaiian if you all have not
tried this this is the sexiest bread I
started working out I had start buying
high-calorie foods that gained way hamed
alive and gaining away but I've slowly
started to learn that I have to stop
eating for enjoyment and have to eat the
sake of eating it just eat as many
calories in one day as I possibly can
I'm left that's got me to where I am or
now I'm now like 25 pounds heavier
but legit eat the entire day and I you
like five full meals and snacking every
meal all day and I said then I've
already plateaued and I'm stuck at 158
and dreams I want to gain more weight I
have to keep more than how to do but I
already eat all day the point of wanting
to throw up and so I'm just like I can't
complain oh yeah YUM I want it but do I
need it
by the way I feel like I need to make a
video about how I handle my out of my
very out of curly hair cuz I finally
found a way to control it and I remember
when I would look on YouTube find how
to's for guys with curly hair I couldn't
find any so now I feel like I have to
share it with the world leaves a lot of
mousse the only thing that works
question I have for my UK folk yeah
Walmart in the UK or is that just an
American thing I've been asked a lot
about where I get my pants the the
really big baggy ones the ones that are
really short and the answer is Walmart I
go to the Dickies section I don't know
what Dickies are very heavy-duty pants
that manual laborers typically wear
because they're really heavy-duty but
they're super stiff which is amazing and
they're really inexpensive actually I've
been needing new long black ones so I'm
going to get me one of them's be their
work pants and they're only $20
do you wish to continue oh my god yes
that's the heat in can you push me and
the moms they have a little shipping
date today I'm you happy to get some
groceries we have to go to the ona pcs
very loud the ahta me store it's very
far away and then we're also going to
die so the Japanese store there all I
checked
I just came back from the gym hence my
looking like a Bogata with this headband
I look like about to go play Ultimate
Frisbee we're gonna watch Chipotle first
cuz I'm starving
one time I was actually at Chipotle
after working out and the guy asked me
dude do you play Ultimate Frisbee that
was is it because the headband feels
like yeah I was like no dude I just came
back
yeah baby
got McDonald's dranks as hot as balls
100 something I've been meaning to go to
the hot agree store because I needed
Bonnie some highlighted meat
I gotta do my version of meal prep my
own my up version can be on prep because
I used to do with the legit meal prep
where like I had a billion little
containers of food and I have just
heated up every single day well it's
just too much work and so now I gave
every Sunday and I'll just cook a crap
to the food I'll cook like huge thumbs
it up here who's Angela of Savannah and
then some fossil yeah Batman and I just
you know throughout the week
way better than dry ass chicken breast I
don't know what died so is it's
basically a cool Japanese store that
sells things that you probably will
never need things you probably never
thought you needed but they have it
y'all everything is so light it's
amazing really the main reason why I
came here was because I wanted to find
the back massages that I used that I
used to have that I broke but they don't
have the only thing this one but it's
not the most painful thing why would I
want to use I want to want to put that
on my back that's pizza I don't know
most people know I have this obsession
obsession with organizing things and
containers solve any containers look at
all of that village' have things that
you would never in a million years
imagine that you need
what is this chair salts y'all this
isn't just any head cleaner this is
awesome cleaner
this is awesome bleach mom found that
the most perfect no y'all don't what
table is it's basically a break hmmm for
that out of all this white I want it all
banished I made a simple clean minimal
white success and now took out of a
store boy tree
it is the best thing it's hello with
chocolate hello by top isn't that good I
discovered it when I want to have man
and I had out every single morning and
I'm with shadow who knows the past
tomorrow
ah is really nice outside so I decided
to take a walk walk these mugs a little
bit I'm the right is my dog Zuzu she's
the best and then the left one is my
brother and my dad's dog diesel this
massive German Shepherd no stop
none of that really mess up across the
street before the haedong squad starts
hitting the comment box
these are outside dogs they do not come
inside the house ever said oh ha ha the
Mishkan ha ha Josh Thor she's midges but
she soon yeah
so we got Zuzu when I was like 16 I was
working as an ice cream parlour boy a
marble slab scoop and ice cream
I became inside the store with a dog in
her hand she's like guess what I got I
was like oh yeah you did not just pick
up a dog I was like eight years ago and
she's getting really old that's why she
can't walk along distance what a
beautiful ending
I always knew I want to go in something
creative and so I saw architecture as
the medium between a good money-making
job and creative into that like the good
