what's good job so I've been planning to
make this video for a while now cuz I
always get asked on tumblr Instagram
about how I style my clothes for ade and
I Madonn cuz it's not really easy for
guys to find traditional looking clothes
out there and so these are basically
modern clothes with some tradition added
to it and I do realize that Aid is in
two days but I'd rather get it out now
some of these clothes I did make myself
but what I often do is go to forever 21
H&M type places and just find an
extra-large
or an oversized version and I roll up
the sleeves or the pants as for some of
the pieces you're just gonna have to
wait until I come up with my clothing
line I will put in the description where
I got these clothes or will be able to
find somebody's clue enjoy yours last
few days of Ramadan and Shawwal i'ma try
to vlog on aid hopefully for now
you
I'm y'all bitch it's been a minute it's
been a good minute about a year to be
exact I do realize that
