I'm back okay how so oh I'll be y'all
bed it's been a minute it's been a good
minute about a year to be exact I do
realize that but my youtube channel has
just not been at the top of my priority
list or my other social media stuff but
I am now on a little what I call to
create a break from my career um which I
will get to in another video because
it's gonna take a long time to discuss
and so hopefully in shot Allah I'm gonna
be on my youtube game again
like this type stuff just chillin
talking blogging I thought I'd kick
things off on my youtube channel with a
video tag called the TMI tag the too
much information
oh my god I'm fasting and my mouth is so
dry right you know the feeling
okay fifty questions God number one what
are you wearing it is a shirt that I
made um which kind of has to do with why
I'm taking a creative break to work on
my fashion I'll get more in depth in
another video but it's like a over sized
button-up yeah there you go
oversized button up with one little
button at the top super clean minimal
very prayer friendly so when I do you
know very easy in some basic black pants
from a sauce my house ship ship by Puma
okay my really simple clean Skagen watch
flick up see simple super simple just
one button
ah but have you ever been in love yes
one time when I was back in college um
it didn't work out but it all ended well
never no official save ever been in a
terrible breakup not really I don't
really I haven't really been in a
legitimate relationship it's always
you've been like really close friends so
now how tall are you I am six - yeah
uh-huh
number five how much do you weigh it's a
little personal but I'm a little proud
because I gained like 25 pounds I think
I'm at 158 now so um I'm getting up
there I'm still slim but you know I'm
working on it I'm getting some worn
Sheldon look any tattoos No
um any piercings no dang it I keep
losing my spot and we're just dropped so
that's why I'm doing just this big
favorite show comedy wise the office is
like my show I've watched it like the
past four years again and again and
again I can pretty much quote every
episode and then the sealy aside I have
law and order SVU which is the most
amazing criminal show in the world
favorite bands hmm I really know the
names of most people I listen to I just
listen to it something you miss um my
childhood ever since I started working
in the corporate world and working in
the real life my career you start to
learn what the real world is like and
how people really are it's gotten to the
point where I'm just kind of like that's
kind of why I ended up leaving my jobs
because just like I missed the innocence
of like when I was a kid and you just
think everybody is a good person
everybody's nice and it's just like it's
not the reality of it all so that's
really in depth my bad but it's true how
old are you I am 24 it's my birthday
today
I just turned 24 looks good number
fourteen zodiac sign I don't believe in
that
Whoopi quality you look for in a partner
biggest thing is I would say confidence
my student woman is just like strong
like they're independent they do that
just they just do their own thing they
don't really care what other people
think they just live their life and they
know what they want to do in their life
oh and I'm that's like favorite quote
something I say a lot is laughs how long
will I hold a leveler to me that's like
something that always speaks to me
whenever I'm feeling stressed or I'm
worried or about something I'm scared
about something I would just say how I
would put it all the reliance on God
it's like yes keeps me going every actor
I'm gonna care about that stuff favorite
color
white and that's not really colors just
whatever I love white where do you go
when you're sad
I pray probably or I sleep I'll probably
pray and I'll asleep how long does it
take you to shower like five minutes
monthly that long I don't believe in
wasting water how long does it take you
to get ready in the morning that takes
me a while that's like a good 40 40 45
minutes what I have to get up to takes
forever find out what I'm aware
I earn it shower do the hair that I have
a very particular routine I'm very
meticulous about how I get ready ever
been in a physical fight no not really
never had issues with like pride which
is why I know a lot of guys get into
fights no they have a disagreement when
I just say bro just talk it out why
there's no need there's no need to fight
what or not we're not five turn on come
on like I said before just confidence
being outgoing ambitious doesn't take
everything so seriously
roll the nose at a carrier conversation
when I can meet a girl that I like just
keep a conversation going and that's
like the whole time I'm slow mm-hmm hey
turn off um being materialistic that's a
big turn-off for me caring a lot about
things and the price of things or like
having goals like having a really nice
car or a really big house it's like I
would rather have someone who's
interested in helping the world but if
you want to be successful it's you want
to be successful because you want to be
able to help other people not because
you want to buy yourself a ginormous
house and a mansion it's just like
really into like celebrity life and the
whole Hollywood lines to me it's just
I'm very me it's just very shallow sorry
but it is like I don't want to people
that just they follow like musicians and
celebrities like they're like they're
like they're prophets it's just like
calm down no thought alone no the reason
I joined YouTube um it was an accident
really an accident I mean I made a video
but I didn't think it wouldn't get big
it was the stuff out of dad saying I
made that video and it got blew up
somehow and then I started making more
videos and then it just happened fears
OH
grasshoppers or like roaches that can
fly anything that can fly basically I
figured not making it to heaven that
should be I think everybody's fear going
to hell that's like a huge fear of mine
notice how my mom's iPad pretty pink
iPad thing made it into the camera so
it's not mine I swear it's my mom's the
last thing that made you cry
oof I have no shame crying I feel like
it always you don't you just you just
need a good cry you feel like even cried
a lot you just need to let it all out
let the emotions out wash it out and
afterwards you're like okay we're good I
think it was in another video was this
video of the Syrian boy like crying
or his dad to crave like there have been
a billion videos of those and it's just
like every time I watch it just like God
it's like the worst thing in shot long
shot my lady I'm over him
chum the last time you said you loved
someone ah like an hour ago said to my
mom tell my mom I love her like a
billion times day so she knows meaning
behind your youtube name I just changed
it to Sukkot aha so now it's no it's no
longer sue B to sue B tube was like a
last second or like a last minute like I
was just like uploading the video that
stuff out of dad saying I was like oh
what's the person that come head sue B
to boom and for some and ever since then
I've been like oh I hate that YouTube
just let me change the URL so so picked
eyes last book you read and the book
you're currently reading I've been
trying to I mean apart from it being
animal on and reading photons are going
along I've been kind of concentrating my
F my reading efforts in the put on and
learning how to read I'm I can read out
of E and I can understand it but I want
to get to the point where when I read
the put on I don't have to read the
English translation at all and so that's
one of my big thing is just working on
my ha to be through the portal on the
last person you talked to my mom should
what are you doing and I said I'm making
a video and she was ooh fun haha I don't
she was oh that's exciting
she's like uh the relationship between
you and the person you last texted um it
was actually the girl but I was in love
with I tell me happy birthday basically
yeah
can you let it have a birthday text
today favorite food
basically anything out of you what's in
there now I probably say it like what
Anna my full and like sheesh but up
those three things like kill me every
time place you want to visit a fellow
sling last place you were I'm assuming
that means like last let's have visited
that's the case me my mom and my sister
went to Oregon like last month and we
drove around it was a little nature trip
just drove around all the whole round
the whole state and saw all these nature
sites
it was the most beautiful thing yo or
again bran Lighting's got really weird
and creepy and now it's really dark but
we all continue do you have a crush yes
I have had one for some time but she
will not accept and so I just kept
pushing it and she's just like nope and
I'm like a she's like nope I'm like ah
okay I'm uh hopefully one day never know
yeah literally looks like I'm gonna came
right now last time you kissed someone I
never I have never kissed a girl before
I have no shame in admitting that I'm a
virgin
keep it real nowadays weird to be
considered a virgin so I'm like uh and
I'm still a bit I'm a virgin no shame
never kissed a girl and save that stuff
for the wifey one day in sha allah what
instruments do you play
never learn how to read notes but when I
was younger I learned how to play piano
like member on by memorizing just songs
I know on the piano and then recently I
picked up the guitar and so not in
playing the guitar oh and nada be shy
bet the da to be flute should bet it the
favorite piece of jewelry uh I only
really wear a watch last sport you
played only place worse than lunch I
worked out yesterday or two days ago
last song you sang earlier when I was
getting ready it's called Yama Yama Yama
telethia my mat it's about doves and
that'll sue la la I let's also salam
come on we're almost there
we're almost there crap I lost the spot
okay favorite chat-up line I don't
believe in like trying to be smooth I
don't really believe in changing who you
are to trying to impress someone I just
say spark a conversation you want talked
someone just talked to him who should
answer these questions next I don't
really know I don't really follow them
in youtubers so we melon up in it oh it
is so dark
this isn't it looks like I've been a
cave worker that's it I will shot loving
making more videos I still do my all my
other channels but on vine I do a lot
more of like the comedy type stuff so if
you want to see like joking around about
being Muslim and hot ups type stuff go
go follow my vine or I'm on Twitter up
all the time I'm on Instagram
hardcore more Pinterest hardcore with
design type stuff I got my blog up got
my tumblr up legit they're all up so if
y'all want to hit me up anywhere just do
you and if y'all want feel free to
comment what videos you would like for
me to do popular mobile on you all uh we
have like how much a few days left don't
forget to
praying um be nice be kind give more
talk to God more be nice to your parents
just love people and be nice you guys be
nice like shoot and keep praying for
everybody else in the world because
especially the Syrian folks will have
interesting at all like today and two
days ago it was like Turkey it's like
God just keep praying song God's will
it's all alone you guys take care take
it easy be easy you can do in you y'all
you
