heyo so I am back in my car using my
phone that's lame but I had a topic I
wanted to address and I don't have time
again to pull out my camera I wanted to
talk about the hookbait I attended today
asked about to Jamaa because I feel like
it deserves to be talked about obviously
it was about the Chapel Hill shooting
and everything that's been going on all
the events that have transpired and the
chef got so overwhelmed and emotional
well more like overwhelmed with the
emotions that he just started bawling
and next thing you know everybody muscle
it isn't tears I'm not trying to be lame
I swear but it was probably one of the
most moving experiences I've had it was
amazing it was crazy
and it got me thinking about us as
Muslim Americans and our community how
we are as not just within our area but
as Muslim Americans in America as a
whole and how we react to things as a
whole because I want to say I think it's
um that we all take for granted view
everybody talks about
Oh I always try to exclude myself from
the hot up events or from the brown
events because everybody just talks crap
I'll go a block okay yes that yes there
is a lot of crap talking in our
community but that's what happens when
you have community it's a group of
people obviously that's gonna happen
everything this life has its beauty and
has its faults everything yes there are
a lot of crap talking in our community
and a lot of negative connotations we
were talking about Muslim communities
but in the end it's one of the most
amazing things to be part of such a big
community when one of us is in pain or
something happens to one of us the
entire community is affected and
everybody gathers together and works to
help that one person without one family
how many other communities do you know
that do that how many what maybe really
think about that was not only how we all
reacted to the Chapel Hill shooting and
now the Houston mustard beans right now
but also at the end of the hook bag
there was a generic and there have been
multiple Genesis this entire month
strangely enough but what got me
thinking about everything was how when
this one person passes away a lot of
people I saw the Jomon mostly the men
come during their lunch break and so
they have to make it really quick but
whenever there's a janaza going on most
everybody after Salah stays and prays
for that one person that passed away and
that's an amazing thing I think that's
amazing like how many other communities
can say that they do that we're praying
for someone we don't even know we've
never even met
but we're praying for them and we're
asking God to guide them and bring them
let them through the gates of Jenna
that's an amazing thing we're all so
caught up in our own lives trying to
avoid this community that we live in
when it's actually one of the most
amazing things that we could must have
we had just last week I was on Twitter
and I went on this huge rant I got
frustrated because I kept seeing so many
tweets about these Muslims complaining
about Muslims of other countries
I'm thinking the rant was the meat going
off about how this is the reason why
we're so broken up is because we all
were complaining about ourselves how our
people can respect us as a whole as a
Muslim Ummah when we can't even respect
ourselves and others within our own
community and now after the events that
have been happening were becoming even
stronger of Anoma than we were it just
literally a week ago it's amazing it's
it's like it's mind-blowing just going
on Twitter you see how much support
these people that we don't even know
we've never even met they're getting
support from Muslims enough even
non-muslims all over the world get
amazing
adults did not deserve to die it's so
much good in this world so depressing
getting back to the point of us as a
community Lea had this campaign that he
was working on to be sent to Turkey I
think to help Syrian refugees in Turkey
and his goal was to reach I think it was
20,000 I checked it right before I left
work like an hour ago and it reaches 300
thousand dollars
the goal was like 20 thousand dollars
like that's just that's amazing y'all
that's amazing how many other
communities do you think would do that
it's a pound of lot it's really amazing
we really need to stop hatin own each
other and just freakin act like an Ummah
if we're gonna call ourselves an Ummah
how about we act like one
jeez we gotta keep going with this
goodness this is this is just general
being a good person think if you had
been one of the ones shot and rather
than it being three there were four and
you were the fourth one
would you have done things in your life
for people to look at and say you know
what let's continue that legacy of them
having done such good in this world this
life is not about you it's about you
helping others not even just in the
Muslim community just in general helping
others what what do you do in your life
to make other people's lives better it
got dark real quick
I mean once a month go to a homeless
shelter and go help feed the poor get
the gratification of you helping the
less fortunate yourself not just by
going and donating money to the message
it is your duty to give money to your
mosque yes but also as part of your
psyche at you need to go do these things
in yourself right ended this event
two weeks ago we went and made peanut
butter sandwiches for homeless in
downtown and it was the most amazing
things I've ever done
it's you get just trust me you need to
just go and do these things yourself and
you will see exactly what I'm talking
about
well lolly I swear you has the greatest
pail just teaches you so much you just
learn so much from that small one
experience and you're just gonna want to
keep doing it more and more just trust
me just go do it just do it just try it
Ishod iana go try it rule one thing that
the shift' said that was just
pure poetry he was talking about us as
Muslim Americans and he said something
to the effect of we live on this land we
pray on this land a lot of us were born
on this land we're gonna die on this
land and we're not going anywhere
I was like whoa that was amazing it's so
so true we need to let them know that no
matter how much hate
they give us we're not gonna change
we're still gonna stay wisdoms we're
still gonna be one big community they
can keep talking as much as they want
but nothing's gonna happen even with
what's going on you shouldn't be scared
you shouldn't be living in fear you need
to be confident so that no matter what
they do we're not changing we're not
we're not going anywhere
don't be scared the moment you walk
outside your house that's giving them
exactly what they want no other human
being has the right to instill fear in
another just because of their beliefs or
for any reason at all now I'm not saying
go out and be crazy and just say
whatever you want and yell and be all of
not just no I'm saying be smart be
vigilant and don't show fear be
confident you know yourself as a Muslim
and as a Massena be strong be faithful
have your faith in God and just live
your life think through your actions and
your words especially try to think I
know this is really tacky and I totally
took this from the Christians with what
would Jesus do but honestly what would
mama do if you're in a situation where
someone's confronting you about what's
going on how would dress with a long
it's not long 1s else to them take care
of that situation just think about that
he's not gonna go yelling and screaming
and arguing and freaking out no it can
be a calm mature respectful discussion
respecting other people and their
opinions just try to keep that in mind
when talking with other people about
especially this subject not even just in
general when your life is how your love
life you're a Muslim come on
let me grab much-loved but this
conversation is not over we're not done
yet I don't know I like in these car
ride sessions drive home from work no
but really please be safe as Muslims
enter Kings please watch after yourself
just beast like I said be smart be
vigilant don't be all crazy and whatnot
just handle all situations respect and
maturity and just be smart please watch
after yourselves in all honesty though
major shout out to our Muslim sisters
out there because as Muslim guys it's
not easy for others to know that we're
Muslim it's not as apparent as y'all
wearing a hijab and basically being the
face of Islam I don't think y'all get
enough credit for that I don't
completely understand what's like to be
a hijab' in America but I can appreciate
it especially in these times it's really
hard to be hijab you in this country so
shout out to y'all seriously y'all are
the soldiers y'all keep us strong keep
doing y'all and just please be safe be
careful just peace but be strong be
strong be confident we know ourselves
trusting God I left the last thing
to wrap this get a little video up on
social media you gotta be respectful
guys please just be mature when talking
about the subject it's obviously fine to
voice your opinion just be respectful
know that these people are watching us
and if you show them that we're angry
and that we're heated and you're off
cursing and going off on a tangent and
you're just cursing it left and right
you're showing them what they want they
want to see us get heated if you see
hate comments just ignore it
call us you're not gonna you're not
gonna change their mind if you feel like
you want to go and discuss something
with someone by all means how we just
have a nice respectful mature discussion
with someone about the subject but if
they're they or you are just heated and
you're just going off and cursing and
arguing that's counterproductive don't
do it don't take part in those if you're
not gonna get anywhere and it's not
helping anybody
rather than pointlessly arguing with
someone whose mind is clearly already
made up
go show appreciation to the people who
do support us and do care for our our
existence basically go favorite their
tweet or go retweet their tweet or go
comment we literally need as much
support as if you can't possibly get so
we need to not let that go to waste
let them know that we we see them you
know I'm saying we appreciate them so
yeah don't forget to keep clear as an
and you're floating there are prayers
and shot law asked that he gives their
families patience and suburb law and
just please you guys seriously be
careful
a confident and smart about your actions
and your words just be a good person no
I'm saying be a good human being and
I'll think what wouldn't happen I do
yeah I hope this video is probably gonna
turn out to be like 20 minutes long so
my bad but seriously take care shot a
lot be safe smart mom are you
you
