oh you know just saluting you know boom
what a long lunch I want to discuss a
few things I see people do during the
Ramadan that makes me just like can you
not first thing we fast during Ramadan
which means we don't eat obviously
you're gonna get hungry at some point
there's absolutely no need for you to
state how hungry you are and just keep
reminding everybody I am so hungry right
now my stomach is literally eating
itself as we speak well ish mechana our
shadows are automatically nosh heptagon
and Danny who's a Mindy Liz Lange is an
Amana Cornish I'm Tom must be education
how it ends Oh Captain Obvious well and
then the people who think it's their
duty to constantly remind us how much
time we have left until we break fast
it's only three o'clock I can't do this
somebody catch me I'm about to Castile I
can feel it has it really only been 30
minutes it's like two hours this is
getting ridiculous well loc-nar zine ma
ba ba ba ba
Abbadon is that really necessary
checking the time every five seconds
isn't gonna make it go any faster
sitting there reminding everybody how
much time we have left any old Mensa in
the mood remote manager lesson bikini
Abela haku have allowed a rehearsal
dress allah the sovereign dude another
thing that really gets me is when people
write or say stuff like oh those people
that are only religious during Ramadan
you judge these people when they're not
religious during the Madonn but when
they are religious during Ramadan you
still judge them will maintain to us
long huh Lincoln uh-huh look a physique
is you all know that Milan s heck yeah
yeah gen connect even huh and you
don't know whether someone prays five
times a day or not you know the small
portion of their life they choose to
post on Instagram and Facebook not their
relationship with God and you never know
this little dog could be their turning
point and they could
being a better person than you don't
know me you don't know my life
I left alone but for real
I'm gonna lock nose someone's shoe
intention so we have no right to judge
we always here to think before we speak
but nobody ever actually does it
especially on the internet where people
think that they can just post whatever
they want
and no one's gonna read it when people
do read it and it affects them just
think what if that one tweet of you
going off on people only religious
during Ramadan make someone who's trying
to better themselves during this month
completely discouraged and makes them
turn away to becoming closer to God in
that case it would be your fault that
person pushed away from the religion so
before you say or type something think
whether it'll affect others in a good or
bad way if it affects others in a bad
way why say it at all
next point when it comes to praying and
asking others whether they would like to
join you in Saul don't put someone on
the spot and be all hey we're all about
to go pray mother Dave do you want to
come pray with us cuz then the person
gets uncomfortable and obviously they're
not gonna want to be all yeah I think
I'm gonna pass on the prayer for now
they're gonna say yes out of shyness
rather than wanting to go pray for the
sake of God instead just be like dude
we're all about to go promoted up right
now you can totally join us if you want
and then walk away just ask the question
nicely don't wait for an answer
leave it up to them and they'll wanna do
it for the sake of God not because of
your obnoxious question-asking self
which goes back to watching your words
especially when it comes to religion
instead of WWJD bracelets think more wwm
d parentheses SI WS what wouldn't happen
do it's a little odd hey listen up just
get that mind flow if you know I'm
saying anyhoo and shot Lyle are all
doing good this that I'm along is the
last ten days so be prepared and on the
lookout for a little culture even though
they don't know it dated but it's said
to be on the odd days of the last ten
if you didn't already know that get in
as much praying and ending as you can do
a whole lot of put on reading you just
do good and inshallah God accepts our
prayers and our fasts can I get a mean
boom psyched
til next time guys
you
he an inner of Mormon and fish' female I
shall avoid follow in fact
