hello starting to think I should have
gone with the anti-glare thinking when I
bought these glasses not now obviously
I'm not worries you record my videos
because this isn't usually where I
record my videos but I'm actually in New
York because I got an internship here
for the some other thumbs up for New
York and it's bitter people now you'd
think that because I have a job a block
away from freaking Times Square that I
have this amazing city life when I
actually probably had more of life in
Texas than I do here which isn't saying
much but so yeah once in no life always
in no live a how to give a shout out to
my dude summer for letting me stay at
his place for the summer it's again
broski thanks again
anywho quite a few many people have
asked me on tumblr to do the 25
questions tag thing so I thought why not
why not let people into my life it's
creepy as they may be sometimes
sometimes the halloumi is jeepers Alma
Bailey lost my head the kike BES the
kike battle fish lashes zipped Wi-Fi
Maserati ah
aiyoo aiyoo laquetta first question do
you have any pets yes I have a dog named
Zuzu
it was the cutest little golden mutt in
the world and there's another dog we
have at our house I don't consider my
dog because he's dumb as hell his name
is diesel
he's a German Shepherd and if he stood
up he's probably inside of me
and he's down slow hello name three
things that are physically close to you
my Mike and Ikes deliciousness my water
bottle pollen spring which is apparently
a huge company up here because we don't
have that in the south
my roommates now blush good job bro kind
of keep up that hi Jane yeah what's the
weather like right now see it's pretty
chilly out there it's been really hot
for the past three days and it's not
like Texas where we have crap um central
a/c in every single house so I got to
get used to that big you drive and have
you crashed yes in the south beginner
license is that like 15 I'll be good son
and yes I crashed once because some
chick driving in front of me break check
and I got it up top
what time did you wake up this morning
it's the first day I slept in like two
weeks so noonish
that's what sleeping ended when was the
last time you showered this morning
before I went to the city and line up
with my bud and got a little shopping
done what was the last movie you saw
it was that bad vampire movie the one
where the guy from Pirates of the
Caribbean
I know it's called
I don't like it so what does your last
text message sing Helene and shoof it's
from my cousin side a one in my sepka
video huh huh
she says haha haha yeah me and you are
probably just gonna sleep in this whole
weekend see mean sod neither of us have
lives so we just tech teach other about
how much of the lives we are goes beyond
the live and she lives in Pennsylvania
love you buddy missed you what is your
ring tag well my text one is at your end
you and I
I found your hairband on my bedroom
floor the only evidence that you've been
here before and the one for phone calls
is hell old school it's uh sure
confession have you ever been to a
different country I've been to Canada
Jordan and on the way of Jordan I passed
by Germany and France one time and then
another time I passed by England stopped
in London for a day which is amazing
because London is the greatest place in
the world do you like sushi no I hate
sushi the first time I tried it I was
just look very similar to that where do
you buy your groceries and tech this
everyone gets their stuff at Walmart
because it's the most amazing place here
I get at this ghetto place home see town
down the street
have you ever taken any medication to
help you fall asleep faster yeah
taken benadryl a few times because I
have really bad allergies like fruit and
stuff like that that helps me fall
asleep fast I'm take on purpose how many
siblings do you have I have an older
sister named hydeia and an older brother
named you sit and I love them because
the liquid is do you have a desktop
computer or laptop I have a laptop Apple
is the greatest thing everyone how old
will you be turning on your next
birthday 20 a martini agent do you wear
contacts or glasses do you color your
hair no I think coloring of the hair is
weird it's not normal and it's not you
so don't do it ya know when was the tell
me something you were planning to do
today well it's like 12 o clock hour now
so I'm probably to keep me up some food
and sleep hi when was last time you
cried
the last time I can legit me tearing up
was when I watched Lion King when it
came out in 3d because you know that
part when homeboy falls off the cliff
that says I'll tear up that bro dynamic
don't what is your perfect peach topping
perfect pizza topping nothing I don't
like anything on my pizza I like plain
cheese which do you prefer hamburger or
cheeseburger
the longest time I thought that was the
exact same thing I don't know why I'd
say cheeseburger cuz I like me some
cheese have you ever had an all-nighter
yes and a design student we do all the
time I had like 10 last semester hobo
what is your eye color hazel if you can
see my little green still little bit so
it says on my driver's license at least
can you taste difference between Pepsi
and Coke yes
coke I do not like very much just
doesn't he's my pet it I don't like it
cool I'm not really big fan of this -
I'm more with Dr Pepper kind of guy
everyone loves dr. pepper
that's all of them well there's that Wow
I just realized how long this is been my
bad
well before I piss out on you guys I
want to talk a little about something
that's been getting kind of annoying and
that is people comparing me to
dude
aka you step out of cloth but what
people don't realize is the difference
between me and that guy and that is that
I have my own goals in life they are to
graduate from design school and sha
Allah moved to London and be a
successful graphic designer their job
not to have a successful YouTube channel
that's not my goal with this channel
this is something I I do whenever I'm
bored or I feel like sharing something
with people not I don't do it to get
famous or get known that's why you don't
see me always posting my videos
everywhere all the time or talking about
it all the time it's not my thing like I
just do whenever I am bored or I feel
like sharing people whereas that guy
does it as a career from what I know
Yusuf has a goal to make his channel no
um but he has his own thing going on I
have my own thing going on I respect the
guy I had an event with him like two
months ago in Chicago seems like a chill
back but he's doing his own thing I'm
doing my own thing just because there's
another out of youtuber out there it
doesn't mean that he's copying him he's
not the only one in existence they're
actually a lot and he's not the first
out of youtuber if you want to get that
technical with it um and another thing
is that people bringing up my name my
youtube channel name
about sube tube whose YouTube when just
because I like the name sube tube I
thought it sounded cool in my head that
doesn't mean I'm clapping him I mean I
know of a lot of youtubers that have
something tube here including the site's
name YouTube did he copy that
no just whatever just really annoying
we're different we do our own thing you
know keep it at that simple it's another
thing as to why um I don't
crap out as many videos as he does like
I said before that's his own thing
that's his goal it's his main thing
going on his life where's - school and
my major not my youtube channel that's
why I don't make as many videos as other
youtubers do um yeah it's basically it
as that you know what's really annoying
is when people go on Ustream and talk
crap about others on Ustream when they
always talk about how it's really weak
to hide behind a computer and talk crap
on a computer I just find that ironic
I'm gonna think about you know
anyways um this video has been extremely
long and I apologize but in touch I'll
talk to you guys later peace
