another day I wake up scroll and scroll
read watch and scroll I just keep seeing
so much hatred and angle of going around
and yet I'm the cause of it my mentality
my way of thinking I'm what's wrong with
the world but I'm not racist not hey
infested I'm not ignorant I'm the
average person I'm the one that knows
the difference between right and wrong I
know what's happening in the world I see
the suffering I see the pain and hatred
but I say nothing why am I like this I
watched that two-minute video and I feel
for them and I think I've done my part
for Humanity not even a retweet not even
a retweet
my compassion means nothing if I do
nothing about it they don't need my
sympathy they don't need my tears they
need me to say something to speak out
for them just say it stand with them or
even just stand up if I don't stand for
good then I'm standing for bad there's
no one between because the only thing
worse than someone that stands for bad
is someone that doesn't stand at all
I sit here watching oppression walk by
knowing I have the power to stop it but
I say nothing just say it
we've become so hesitant to speak about
issues going on in fear of offending
someone that has overpowered our urge to
say something just say it never talk
religion or politics well this isn't a
religion or politics this is life or
death for a lot of people there are
people suffering at the hands of others
and people are afraid to point it out or
even just title it but it's everywhere
and just this is in oppression as the
new black just say it we deny the
existence of any racism or
discrimination and act as if the society
we live in is perfect that we've grown
so far from our past when black people
were still drinking from bloc only water
fountains less than 50 years ago it's
not dead
it still lingers but we're afraid to
call it what it is racism discrimination
xenophobia Islamophobia we can't change
it if we don't acknowledge its existence
just say it for the sake of humanity for
the sake of our Creator say it just
because it's not me or my family or my
community does it mean it's not my
problem just because they're not my
oppressor doesn't mean it's not my
problem
this isn't my world it's our world if
one suffers we all suffer we stand with
our black brothers and sisters we
embrace Islam we hold the hand of our
Native American neighbor we are all
immigrant
you can't choose to stand for one cause
and not another because they all stand
for one thing they all stand for good be
persistently standing firm in justice
even if it be against yourselves your
parents or relatives well this is the
moment where I stand against myself
admitting that I haven't done my part
for the sake of goodness in this world
for the sake of humanity I stayed silent
but this is where I change imagine where
the world would be if everyone in this
very moment made the choice to choose
love over hate good over bad and
actually said something about it I've
changed my mind and if I can change one
person's mind I've already changed
generations to come their kids and their
kids kids it's all up to me
in God's name just say it
you
