a very important message tonight please
stop smashing your Keurig coffee
machines what the is happening here why
is Sean Hannity the most recognizable
face on foxnews making his viewers to
stop smashing their Keurigs it's a weird
story and it's what happens when the
loudest pro-trump voice on fox news
decides to go full conspiracy theorists
this is news information and truth I
promise you can't get anywhere else in
the media if you are lucky enough to not
know who Sean Hannity is think of him as
Trump's permanent spokesman on Fox News
President Trump he's moving very fast to
fix the country and keep his promises to
you the American people kind of a
running joke at this point Trump could
nuke the rainforests and handy would be
like President Trump once again doubling
down on draining the swamp that diehard
loyalty has made Hannity one of trumps
favorite media personalities you have
been so great and I'm very proud of you
but it's also turned Hannity into cable
News's biggest conspiracy theorist
because as Trump's White House has been
hit with bigger and bigger scandals
Handy's had to turn to whackier and
whackier stories to distract his viewers
come on man I'm doing my job an ADIZ
favorite conspiracy theory is his deep
state stick the deep state deep state
leaks at each state that has been
leaking on you the belief that
government agents are secretly
conspiring to sabotage Trump and remove
him from office an unelected part of
your government looking over turned the
results of a duly elected president
that's long been a talking point for
conspiracy theorists like Alex Jones
where Dewar was at each state but
Hannity has brought it mainstream
they're planning a pot to the sauce
who's the build up a soft coup is
underway there a clear and present
danger running around inside our country
and what is becoming now a clear and
present danger now Sean Hannity just
said what I've been warning you of
word-for-word
Kennedy's also been a major promoter of
the uranium one story the corrupt
uranium one deal it's a conspiracy
theory that claims Hillary Clinton
helped sell uranium to the Russians in
exchange for donations to the Clinton
Foundation it's a batshit theory that's
been debunked repeatedly including by
boxing's the accusation is predicated on
the charge that Secretary Clinton
approved the sale she did not but that
hasn't stopped Hannity from peddling it
according to one sunny Hannity spent
three and a half hours on the story over
the course of three weeks if you're ever
standing in front of a graphic like this
it's probably time to reevaluate your
life choices there's a ton of other
Hannity conspiracy theories the Clinton
email stuff these are very serious
crimes saying James Comey should be
arrested Combes possible criminal
conduct accusing robert muller of trying
to protect hillary clinton there's no
way the american people can trust robert
muller to investigate anything russian
related throw up man hannity is now the
leading conspiracy theorist on cable
news and there's data to prove it my
name is Alvin Chang I'm a senior
reporter at Fox I was interested in how
Sean Hannity used conspiracy theories on
his fox news show I went to read it's
conspiracy forum and I wrote a computer
program to get the top one
thousand posts i categorized what the
conspiracies were about and i came up
with about a hundred different
conspiracies that i could search
transcripts with i went through two
years of TV news transcripts when we
looked at the data it turns out Hannity
far and away mentioned conspiracy
theories more than every other news
program by a wide margin don't think
this is a coincidence Hannity is not
just your typical right-wing pundit
anymore he's moving into Alex Jones
territory and unsurprisingly Jones has
noticed too I love it the sean hannity
shows now the Alex Jones Show
but unlike Alex Jones who uses
conspiracy theories to sell survival
gear and bogus mail supplements we have
developed ultimate male vitality
supplement hannity uses conspiracy
theories to protect trump to distract
away from stories that damage the White
House I charted it out when he brings
these up over time and it seemed like
conspiracy theories were mentioned most
way and Trump was going through some
kind of scandal none of that is related
to President Trump none of it
zero is related to his campaign you look
at how much Hannity mentioned conspiracy
theories in those times there spiked and
there related to the news of the day
there related to the scandals that the
Trump administration is going through
boxes best defense of this stuff is that
Hannity isn't a real journalist he's an
opinion host so what he says it doesn't
really matter but that distinction
between news and opinion is rarely clear
on Fox look at the way Hannity
introduces these segments about uranium
one and the deep state explosive new
evidence and what is becoming the
biggest scandal or at least one of them
in American history now it's hard to
tell the vistas opinion right it looks
just like a new thing and though Hannity
sometimes denies being a journalist I'm
not a journalist I'm a talk show host
he's recently taken to calling himself a
serious reporter I'm a journalist but
I'm an advocacy journalist I also do
journalists work I have soft hands more
importantly advertisers don't care about
that distinction two conspiracy theories
in particular have spooked Hannity's
advertisers in may handy started
peddling the story that former DNC
staffer Seth rich was murdered after
leaking emails from the DNC to WikiLeaks
now if true this pic could become one of
the biggest scandals in American history
and could mean that rich could have been
murdered under very suspicious
circumstances
stances it was bullshit from the start
PolitiFact braided it pants on fire
smokes debunked it even Fox News
retracted its article about it but
Hannity continued spending segment after
segment suggesting that Clinton
operatives were somehow involved in
Rich's murder if this is true this blows
the whole Russian collusion narrative
completely out of the water it got so
bad that Rich's brother begged Hannity's
executive producer to stop him writing
we appeal to your decency to not cause a
grieving family more pain and suffering
and I am not backing off asking
questions even though there is an effort
that nobody talked about Seth rich major
advertisers like cars.com
hold their ads from Hannity show and
eventually Hannity back down out of
respect for the family's wishes for now
I am NOT discussing this matter at this
time but on Twitter he promised he'd
keep looking into it saying I am closer
to the truth than ever not only am I not
stopping I am working harder a few
months later Hannity spooked advertisers
again when Alabama Senate candidate Roy
Moore who Trump endorsed was accused of
multiple cases of sexual misconduct
including child molestation Hannity came
to his defense how do we ascertain what
happened thirty-eight years ago none of
us know the truth of what happened
thirty-eight years ago do people do it
for money do they do a political reason
is that more common than people would
think oh definitely they will lie to
make money that prompted another wave of
advertiser panic including from Keurig
which pulled its ads from Hannity show
and this time Hannity lashed out he
retweeted a video of one of his
supporters smashing their Keurig
machines tweeted a 2015 article about
Keurigs being covered in mold and
suggesting he to give free coffee makers
to the best videos of people smashing
their Keurigs eventually hannity back
down again please stop destroying your
coffee machine so not before advertisers
like volvo and realtor.com suggested
they might pull their ads to everything
about this story is so embarrassing
masculinity of the cage Fox knows
Hannity is a problem too they care about
the right-wing audience but they care
more about ad revenue conspiracy
theorists scare bait companies it's why
Alex Jones has to sell male vitality
pills it's why Glenn Beck's show and
then despite him having pretty good
ratings now Hannity
testing the networks limits and once
again box has to figure out if the
conspiracy monster they created is worth
the damage they're doing to their bottom
line thanks for watching remember to
follow strikethrough on facebook come on
man
