search YouTube for videos about
integration and eventually you'll find
this mass immigration is not the
rainbows and unicorns that our
politicians portrayed as it is in fact a
tragedy search for videos about Islam
and you'll find stuff like this by its
very nature Islam isn't intolerant
radical extremist belief system search
for feminism and yeah newsflash
everybody eats feminism these videos are
all products of what New York Times
magazine calls the YouTube right a
growing collection of right-wing
vloggers and media operations conspiracy
theorists and activists who built
sizeable followings on YouTube they
warned about mass immigration decry a
political correctness and mock
out-of-control social justice warriors
why am I on camera for this they also
represent a fascinating challenge for
YouTube a company that wants to make
money off of ads on cat videos and now
finds itself at the center of a huge
debate about censorship and hate speech
on the Internet absolutely vital that we
read till the next generation one of the
YouTube rights biggest success story so
far is Lauren southern she's an activist
who went solo after making a name for
herself on a conservative site called
the rebel and her YouTube videos
regularly get hundreds of thousands of
views I got involved in YouTube kind of
during the gamergate anti feminism phase
of the internet since then I've just
been commenting on all the world's
craziness so there's videos reflect a
lot of the core ideas of the YouTube
right she criticizes political
correctness warns about the threat of
refugees and immigration and even made a
whole video criticizing gay pride
parades if you ever want to spur some
homophobia in reasonable people just
take them to a pride parade so obviously
I were my dist possible outfit for the
interview so Lauren why YouTube for
left-wing content you can get that in
real life you can get that in person
your professors your teachers your
newspapers left wingers don't need to go
to the dark places of the internet to
find their opinions whereas
right-wingers do YouTube has kind of
become this outlet and this way to
communicate with people you agree with
in Southern's view YouTube is a
equalizer a place where people can go to
express far-right views without having
to worry about being politically correct
it is time to talk about some
inconvenient truths and she's right the
beauty of YouTube is that there is
basically no barrier to entry all it
takes
today is having a regular cell phone and
you can just film with that anyone can
pick up that camera and make a video I
guess anyone could do that huh yeah yeah
that low barrier to entry means that
youtubers are free to say things that
would be too taboo for even Fox News or
talk radio talk radio is supposed to be
super edgy was supposed to be the
craziest opinions on earth but now it's
YouTube you'll have people that are
willing to touch topics that other
people aren't people that aren't worried
about being kicked off a network he'll
just blurt it out and it's there on the
internet that might sound like an
exciting free speech paradise for
southern but it's created kind of a
nightmare for YouTube because it turns
out YouTube is a really good breeding
ground for things like extremism no
offense but the Pope hate speech they
have less crime than other towns yeah
because there's less blacks and
conspiracy theories
well the left's been shaders start
killing all the Conservatives for one
it's a clique based market so creators
are incentivized to be as sensational
and inflammatory as possible to get the
attention of viewers with normal
vloggers its clickbait be thumbnails and
headlines like my uber driver is in love
with me with right-wing youtubers it's
videos like the left and islam unholy
alliance or hillary tied to bizarre a
cult spirit cooking ritual i'll click
that independent bloggers also have zero
obligation to fact check themselves
provide evidence or face debate unlike
fox news or talk radio youtubers don't
require broadcast licenses so they're
immune to FCC rules prohibiting them
from distributing obscene or false
information which is why five of the ten
most viewed videos about the las vegas
shooting are conspiracy theories this is
from high-level CIA right here you know
i don't make Schwartz's up youtube also
pushes people down ideological rabbit
holes the site is designed to show you
more of what you've just watched so if
you click on a lauren southern video
about immigration the next video that
autoplays is about white genocide
and from there it gets a lot worse
normally the check on this kind of
garbage would be advertisers Sean
Hannity and Rush Limbaugh can be jerks
all they want but at the end of the day
their bosses have to worry about
corporations freaking out and pulling
their ads but YouTube is different
advertisers rarely know what videos
their ads are gonna show up on for the
most part YouTube manages that
relationship assigning ads to videos and
paying creators accordingly so southern
is getting money from a Wix ad playing
before her video about the end of white
people she never even has to talk to
them and they likely don't know she
exists but that relationship between
YouTube and creators is changing in
March this year a group of 250 brands
pulled back from YouTube after reports
that their ads were appearing before
extremist content including white
supremacist videos as a result YouTube
demonetized
a ton of videos without much explanation
political content creators including
ones who want at lane hate or conspiracy
theories were affected by it we were
basically making nothing on YouTube
existential threat to the show and
people freaked out they called it the ad
pocalypse ad pocalypse ID pocalypse most
people that are in politics in general
I'm talking left-wing and right-wing
their salary has been hacked just
because of the whole ad pocalypse
situation where advertisers don't want
to touch anything remotely controversial
and it wasn't just de monetizing in
August YouTube announced new guidelines
for how it would deal with hateful
content stating that these videos quote
won't be recommended won't be monetized
and won't have key features including
comments suggested videos and likes
southern calls that shadow banning is
happening these moves have gotten
blowback from basically everyone they're
trying to censor conservative media
nationalist media on YouTube telling the
truth is just not advertiser friendly
and that's because there's really no
good way to regulate this stuff YouTube
sees about 400 hours of video uploaded
every minute it's impossible to monitor
that much content with any kind of
precision but even if it wasn't it's
really tough to figure out what counts
as hateful speech on YouTube so there's
video about gay pride parades I don't
like it but it sounds like pretty
typical right-wing talk
it got demonetised so there's video
about immigrants replacing white people
that feels a lot more like white
nationalist stuff but there's still an
ad running on it it's tough for creators
to predict what YouTube will deem as too
toxic for advertisers so I asked
southern where should you to draw the
line the people that I'm seeing censored
a lot of the time are people that are
sitting down and making legitimate
arguments and I'm sure you've seen Jared
Taylor was the first one to have his
videos totally sandboxed timeout Jared
Taylor the white nationalist who thinks
whites are genetically superior to
blacks and Latinos and I would like to
talk to you about racial differences in
intelligence that Jared Taylor yeah you
can you can disagree with what he's
saying but he wasn't sitting there just
spewing hatred that's the thing as a
social justice warrior I think this
stuff plainly qualifies as hate speech
but a lot of people don't and YouTube
has to make that call for a staggering
amount of content castanet too wide and
tons of creators get punished for even
mentioning politics cast it too narrowly
and risk another mass advertiser boycott
these two groups advertisers and
creators need wildly different things
from music creators need it to be an
open space where they can speak their
minds and test ideas without fear of a
corporate overlord but advertisers need
to see that YouTube can reign in the
platform's worst excesses they can avoid
being exploited by demagogues and
conspiracy theorists and people making
yet another makeup haul video I get it
you bought more Foundation leave me out
of it
the rise of the YouTube riot is scary
but it's helping force the world's
biggest video platform to figure out
what it wants to be
