if you've ever tried to use eye drops
you know it's hard to do without some of
it rolling down your cheek I used to
think that was because I missed but it
turns out I'm not actually so bad at
this well most of the time anyway hi
drops run down our faces because a
typical drop is larger than what the
human eye can physically contain some
are more than twice what the eye can
hold that means using a single eye drop
is like pouring water into a glass
that's already full or it's like in
those clear eyes commercials it's
incredibly wasteful to make oversized
drops they cost a lot of money the waste
from each one is like a tiny snowflake
it's easy to overlook until they've
piled up into a billion dollar snowball
it's wasted medicine and all of us are
paying for it
eyedrops they may all seem alike but the
eyedrops industry is huge they're sold
by volume and some can cost hundreds of
dollars for a small bottle that only
lasts a month the financial cost is a
particular problem for the millions of
patients with chronic conditions that
require expensive drops every day last
year US drug companies brought in about
3.4 billion dollars for dry eyes and
glaucoma drops alone eyedrops are our
cue before our eyes that's dr. Alan
Robin an ophthalmologist and glaucoma
expert who teaches at Johns Hopkins
Medicine
it's very wasteful we see that patients
are basically spending twice as much
money as they need to on dropt
everyone's body is different but experts
say almost every eye drop on the market
is larger than the eye can hold so the
excess just washes out and we end up
paying for a lot more medications than
we can use wasted eyedrops are part of a
much bigger problem experts estimate
that the US healthcare system wastes 765
million dollars a year that's about a
quarter of our overall spending and it's
actually more than the entire budget of
the Department of Defense
ProPublica has been investigating the
kind of wasted healthcare spending that
exists right in front of our eyes
literally cancer drugs are also a
big-ticket waste item they can cost
thousands of dollars per infusion but
are frequently wasted just because of
the way they're packaged most cancer
drugs are infused based on body size so
patients need different amounts but most
of them come in single-use vials that
can be much too large for an individual
patient so once the patient gets the
needed dose the rest of the expensive
drug and the bow is thrown out drug
prices driving patients and their
families into bankruptcy that on top of
patients paying for expensive cancer
drugs to help them they're also paying
for in some cases a lot of extra cancer
drug that's just going in the trash
that's dr. Peter Bock the director of
the Center for Health Policy and
outcomes at Memorial sloan-kettering
Cancer Center in New York waste hurts
people because it costs money if you
waste half of a vial that costs $5,000
somebody is paying that money $2,500
back to the drug company and it's the
drug company benefits because they count
that it as revenue or profit take the
case of Herceptin a popular and pricy
drug that's mostly used to treat breast
cancer the drug company used to make
vials that patients could share so
little of the drug would be wasted but
then it announced in May that the
shareable vials would be replaced by
single-use vials and the switch would
mean throwing away any medication left
over from an infusion and billing the
patient for the waste Genentech the
company that makes Herceptin told me
that they had to make the change for
supply chain reasons to go to a size
that's more common worldwide every
milligram of Herceptin costs about nine
dollars so a cancer patients monthly
infusion can run more than three
thousand dollars one administrator at a
California cancer treatment center
calculated her average patient would
waste a hundred and ten milligrams per
infusion with the single-use vials
that's an average of almost $1,000 of
wasted spending per infusion the waste
associated with oversized cancer drug
vials is substantial a study led by dr.
Bach
in 2016 calculated the waste with the
top 20 cancer drugs packaged in
single-use vials it estimated that 10%
of the medication gets wasted costing
1.8 billion dollars in a single year but
here's the thing this is a waste problem
that's fixable for cancer drugs
manufacturing shareable vials or vials
and varying sizes are proven ways to
reduce waste for eyedrops why not just
make the drop smaller dr. Robin knows it
can be done because he and a team of
experts already did it in a study about
20 years ago he consulted with global I
care leader al Khan when its researchers
developed what they call a micro drop
for patients with glaucoma it was a 16
micro litre drop one that was half to a
third of the size of most drops on the
market today
then they studied the performance of the
micro drop compared to regular sized
drops there was no significant
difference between the smaller and
larger eye drops not only were the micro
drops just as effective they also reduce
some of the uncomfortable side effects
and all the participants actually
preferred the micro draw bottle but
instead of being a breakthrough the
innovation became a case study and how
profits can come before patients I tried
personally to get the micro job accepted
and they looked at me as though I was a
pariah the pharmaceutical company would
be losing at the money that they could
be making officials from Novartis
the drug company that now owns Alcon
declined to discuss their micro drop
study they said eyedrops are designed
with a margin of safety to help patients
but they wouldn't go into specifics you
think that regulators would care about
all this wasted medicine but the FDA
regulates the safety and effectiveness
of a drug not its price or the cost
related to waste
patience paying billions of dollars for
wasted medicine is just one more reason
America has the highest health care
costs in the world hi guys I'm run Jenny
a video fellow working at Vox and
ProPublica and this video is part of the
new collaboration between our news rooms
for the full story at ProPublica check
out the link down below and stay tuned
for more stories coming this year
