Donald Trump owned a lot of things in
fact the Trump Organization is the 48th
largest private temple in the US but
Trump doesn't pay taxes like a big
corporation he uses a special part of
the tax code that lets them bypass
corporate taxes that let them pay all
neat individual tax rates to his benefit
and if he has his way with tax reform it
could make himself even richer to
understand what Trump wants to do let's
imagine you worked at a sandwich shop
since you're just an employee when you
get paid you have to pay the individual
tax rate but if you're the owner you
would first pay corporate taxes and then
pay individual taxes these add up to
about 32% for the average business owner
but there might be a way to pay even
less instead of being a traditional
corporation you could make your business
a pass-through entity they're special
because instead of having to go through
two layers of Taxation like a normal
corporation they can go through just one
like an individual and those businesses
pay on average 19 percent in federal
taxes this was originally designed for
small businesses but huge companies with
less than 100 shareholders structure
themselves as passed their businesses
like the Trump Organization Trump isn't
alone though over the past 40 years more
and more corporate income has been
earned through pass-through businesses
and even though pass-throughs were
created to help small businesses nearly
16 percent have more than 500 employees
but Trump and House Republicans want to
help these businesses even more Trump's
proposal is to make the pass-through
businesses go through the corporate Lane
but then he want to lower the top
corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 15
percent meanwhile House Speaker Paul
Ryan wants to make a whole different
lane for pass-through businesses and tax
them at the special low rate of 25
percent for the largest path theories
like the Trump Organization this would
mean a huge tax cut an analysis from the
Tax Policy Center founds the top one
percent people who earn seven hundred
thousand dollars a year or more would
get 90 percent of the tax cuts under
Ryan's plan he and Trump believe that
cutting taxes on these businesses will
raise wages for all workers but right
now most pass-through income goes
top 1% and most mainstream economists
don't believe there's a strong link
between corporate taxes and worker wages
but what we do know is that if
Republicans give passed through business
through the tax cut
Trump will get a lot richer
you
