in the last year North Korea has been
launching a lot of missiles
they're all just tests but they're meant
to send a message North Korea is armed
and dangerous they've demonstrated
missiles that can destroy Seoul and
Tokyo hit US bases in the Pacific and
now one that can reach Alaska have
confirmed that overnight North Korea
launched an intercontinental ballistic
missile ICBM capable of reaching Alaska
Kim jong-un called it a gift to the
Trump administration this is the end
goal or at least towards the end goal
for North Korea it's called the WA song
14 it's the newest member of North
Korea's Arsenal and their first working
intercontinental ballistic missile or
ICBM it's the kind of thing that the US
and Russia have thousands of and had
used as a threat against each other
during the Cold War old at the ready
never less than a thousand miles north
Korea has been working on one of its own
for a while and then now appear to have
won the North Koreans have had nuclear
bombs since 2006 and they could
certainly attack their neighbors but
they've had no real way to deliver them
to a distant target they could try and
drop one from an airplane but it would
be likely shot down well before getting
to the target the most effective way to
use a nuclear bomb is to attach it to a
missile different delivery systems
determine how far the target can be
North Korea already has a huge arsenal
of short and medium-range missiles but
it didn't have a working ICBM
which can hit a target up to 15,000
kilometers away because it's actually
multiple missiles in one stacked on top
of each other each missile is used one
by one to push the warhead into space
then once it's over a target this final
section re-enters the atmosphere and
detonates
this is a very hard thing to engineer
and tests of a previous long-range
missile the type of dong 2 failed
repeatedly but on July 4th 2017 North
Korea successfully tested an ICBM called
it was song 14 it reached a distance of
about nine hundred and thirty kilometers
flew for nearly 40 minutes and
successfully re-entered splashing down
in the Sea of Japan this is a major
milestone for North Korea
analysts calculate that if North Korea
wanted to use those song 14 in a real
attack they would launch it at a lower
angle giving it a range of more than
5,500 kilometers putting Alaska well in
range but this still doesn't mean North
Korea can nuke Alaska today the Pentagon
says that North Koreans cannot fit a
nuclear bomb on the WA song 14 and have
it reliably detonate see this is a
relatively small ICBM meaning it can't
carry a very heavy nuclear bomb in order
for it to make it to Alaska the North
Koreans would have to figure out how to
miniaturize the bomb and there's no
evidence the North Koreans can do this
yet but that was all 14 test shows at
North Korea's rapidly improving its ICBM
technology and then it's determined to
build one no matter who tries to stop
them so this raises the question why is
North Korea so dead set on building an
ICBM the North Koreans first got nuclear
technology in the 1950s when their Ally
the Soviet Union helped them build
nuclear reactors for energy at the same
time they were protected from their
enemies South Korea in the US by the
massive nuclear arsenal of the Soviet
Union but in 1991 when the Soviet Union
collapsed that protection went away so
North Korean dictator Kim Jong ill
matters into his own hands and started
using the nuclear reactors to make
weapons the US didn't want an aggressive
rogue state to have nuclear weapons
so three consecutive US presidents all
tried different tactics to get North
Korea to stop Clinton negotiated Bush
suspended negotiations and threatened
them and Obama simply tried to wait
North Korea out but every single plan
failed to stop the nuclear program and
there's a reason for that see the Kim
dynasty believes their only option for
security is to have proven nuclear
capabilities they saw the u.s. invade
Iraq and topple Saddam Hussein because
they thought he might have nukes they
also saw a Libyan dictator Muammar
Gadhafi negotiate with the US and give
up his nuclear program only to be killed
by us back rebels the Kim dynasty is
determined not
next so they've gone on to build an
arsenal of missiles for their nuclear
bombs the Nodong is functional today and
has a range of 1,500 kilometers and
North Korea's Scud missiles are highly
effective within a thousand kilometers
this puts North Korea's main enemies
South Korea and Japan within range as
well as the 62,000 US troops stationed
there in fact North Korea wants to make
that loud and clear and it does so by
successfully testing these short-range
missiles a lot the tests provide a
chance for them to improve their
missiles but more importantly they send
a political message South Korea and
Japan wouldn't attack North Korea
because they've seen the missiles that
could devastate some of their largest
cities also they don't have nuclear
weapons of their own so what's keeping
North Korea from attacking its enemies
the USS which has promised to protect
South Korea and Japan with the largest
ICBM Arsenal in the world this puts
North Korea at a disadvantage it knows
the u.s. can obliterate it but it can't
reach the u.s. just yet this is why the
US can safely cut off North Korean Trade
and enact other punishments and this
brings us back to why North Korea has
been trying so hard to build an ICBM
it's what they need to tip the scales in
their favor right now North Korea can
only attack US allies but if it can
successfully test any of these ICBMs it
would be the same as telling the us if
you knew Gus will nuke you if the u.s.
knows North Korea can target an American
city it'll be less likely to come to the
aid of South Korea or Japan this would
effectively break up the alliance that's
designed to keep North Korea in check
but the implications of this would go
far beyond the Korean Peninsula suddenly
in charge of their own protection South
Korea and Japan would potentially
develop nuclear weapons of their own
something Donald Trump once said he
would be fine with this would trigger a
process called nuclear proliferation and
it's exactly what the US has been trying
to prevent since the Cold War right now
there are nine countries with nuclear
weapons of their own while 190 maintain
a non-nuclear status because of the
non-proliferation treaty but the success
of a North Korean ICBM could change that
if South Korea and Japan start looking
to change their nuclear status it could
encourage other countries to do the same
so experts are urging the u.s. to take
action now while it still can President
Trump is pressing China to help see
China continues to trade and have a dip
relationship with North Korea
essentially keeping the regime alive so
if Trump can get China to leverage or
cut off that support North Korea might
not have enough resources to keep
pursuing an ICBM but for now as North
Korea continues to test and parade
missiles tensions continue to rise three
u.s. presidents have said they'd prevent
the north from building better nukes and
missiles three u.s. presidents have
failed at least for now it looks like
Donald Trump will be the fourth
you
