these 13 male senators wrote a health
care bill without the help of any women
and it's really bad for women's health
nobody is being excluded based upon
gender you know you need to write about
what's actually happening and we're
having a discussion about the real
issues the bill cuts funding for
Medicaid the government health insurance
program for low-income people which pays
for half of all US births and two-thirds
of all unplanned births including
prenatal care this is important because
the number of women who died in
childbirth is increasing in the u.s.
even if that number drops in other
developed countries the number of women
in the u.s. who died in childbirth is
nearing the highest rate in a quarter
century 60 percent of the deaths in the
u.s. at least are preventable African
American women are four times as likely
to die of pregnancy-related
complications the bill also cuts funding
for Planned Parenthood by preventing
clinics from getting reimbursed for
treating Medicaid patients millions of
women depend on Planned Parenthood for
contraception cancer screening and
pregnancy and STD tests the
Congressional Budget Office estimates
that defunding Planned Parenthood would
result in several thousand more
unplanned pregnancies each year this
would reverse the current trend
unplanned births and pregnancies have
been falling steadily in the US the bill
also targets maternity care for women
who get their insurance through a plan
from one of the state insurance
marketplaces under Obamacare plans on
these state marketplaces had to cover
basic health benefits like mental health
treatment prescription drugs and
maternity care in this bill states no
longer have to force insurance companies
to cover this stuff before Obamacare
eighty eight percent of marketplace
insurance plans didn't cover maternity
care and if this bill passes we might
end up there again
