when I googled the fastest animal this
is what I got a cheetah a cheap a little
mammal bias may be the truly fastest
animal on earth has a max speed three
times greater than the cheetah Sharron
Falcons can leisurely cruise through the
skies between 40 and 60 miles per hour
but when they're diving toward their
prey they can receive over 200 miles per
hour that comes out to 293 feet per
second it's like flying the length of a
football field in 1.2 seconds or the
length of this DC buck so how is it even
possible for Peregrine's to dice this
fast a peregrine falcon is around the
size of a crow weighing between 1 and 3
pounds with a wingspan up to 3.6 feet
they prey on other birds like
dive-bombing them matching them midair
the first thing you see when a peregrine
goes into its dive also called a scoop
is their bullet shaped body
notice how the Peregrine tucks in its
feet and sweeps back its tail and wings
this streamlined figure reduces wind
turbulence maximizes maneuverability
lifts and speed as it cuts through the
air it wouldn't be able to do this
nearly as efficiently if it had broad
wings like a hawk or an owl but the
Peregrine swings are pointed and angled
back and because of its stiff onslaught
it feathers and experiences less drag so
when we pull on these feathers or other
birds
peregrines also have a large keel that's
this breastbone a bigger keel support
stronger test muscles acute vision
allows them to spot prey a mile away
the nictitating membrane or third eyelid
helps to maintain their vision their
high speed thighs and the secretory Glen
keeps their corneas from drying out
because of all that wind but now this
would be possible if the Peregrine
couldn't breathe the air speeds that
peregrine falcons experience while
diving would make it impossible for most
animals to breathe
but they have a bone in their nostrils
to slow down the airflow they also have
robust hearts that beat around 600 to
900 beats per minute all birds have a
vastly more efficient respiratory system
than mammals then to finally catch our
prey the Peregrine is pulling around 25
G's coming out of escape compare that to
an f-16 fighter pilot who indoors up to
90 s during some maneuvers on speed
alone peregrines are formidable birds of
prey but it isn't their only adaptation
of note but is from our friends at BBC
earth so Grid's s wanderer has made its
mark in some unexpected places after a
sharp recovery from near extinction in
North America bustling cities with
soaring skyscrapers and towering
cathedrals have become mini Peregrine
snooze Kingdom a plentiful hunting
ground with high perches and deliciously
plump pitches
