and more tune for your head top so watch
how you speak on my name you know so if
you kept up with drinks last few albums
you probably noticed a recurring
Jamaican beat my dad
there's the implicit punished in some
beats and then there's drinks use a pet
walk being said instead its ugly head
shot to fall for a guy whose style goes
from here to here and a yellow
TechnoMarine
he's had mixed blood cracking a
character that can pull off this dialect
so how does a kid with an American
father and a European Jewish mother end
up with valid links to Jamaican
dancehall well you can thank Toronto for
that
it's where Drake grew up and if a fact
he loves to shout from the rooftops oh
thanks
the city is known for its multiracial
identity and it shows up and Drake's
music in his life and also in the data
and still here
Drake asks Jana where that intersection
Jane Street and Western Road is on the
outskirts of an enclave of Jamaican
Canadians it's on the west side of the
city where a Drake grew up until he
moved to the wealthier section in the
center of the city in the 6th grade on
the eastern side of the city you can see
another concentration of Jamaican
neighborhoods around Scarborough that's
the filming location for Drake's pop
culture debut in Degrassi he references
as much in worse behavior
since I used to take actor Brad Bobby
I'm going to grab the album one is that
so in 2001 about 71 percent of Canada's
Jamaican populations lived in Toronto
and Drake has really been playing up his
connection to that identity in his music
lately take drake's frequent
collaborator producer boi-1da who was
born in Kingston Jamaica but raised in
Toronto that migration is pretty common
in Ontario that province has by far been
the most popular destination for
Caribbean Canadian immigrants since the
1960's granted only 3% of Toronto
citizens are Jamaican
so people on the internet are having
this conversation about whether all of
this is authentic or if Drake is taking
advantage of some convenient cultural
cachet but when you hear Drake breaking
into this accent know that it's because
he just wants you to see him as a young
guy from Toronto even if he lives in LA
now
