we've all been there after a long day of
work you'd sit down and binge read some
Arthurian romances they're called
illuminated manuscripts because they're
illuminated with illustrations and the
borders colorful drawings and very
special doodles in the margins but among
all those steroidal rabbits and this
hooded person laying literal eggs
there's actually a theme a lot of
medieval knights in these manuscripts
are fighting snails why is this
happening the largest snail alive is
15.5 inches snout to tail so why does
this night look like he's into the fight
of his life
illuminated manuscripts were handwritten
scribes painstakingly transcribed the
same Bibles devotionals and stories they
also decorated the margins by the 1960s
one scholar thought these margins were
worth attention
Lillian Randall was particularly
intrigued by the snail in gothic
marginal warfare she developed a theory
about why a book like this might include
a winged Knight fleeing snails and why
it showed up again and again and again
randall found more than 70 snail
fighting heroes in just 29 manuscripts
most of which were made between 1290 and
1310 pray for yourself knight pray that
the snail will kill you quickly
sometimes the margins rift on the text
sometimes they were disconnected but
Randall connected them to historical
stereotypes the biggest was that the
lombards were greedy mean and cowardly
the Lombards were Germanic people that
had invaded Italy they were warriors
but in 772 they were badly beaten by
Charlemagne that permanently stained
their reputation by late 1200s when
those snail pictures started getting
popular the lombards had become lenders
in pawn brokers spread throughout Europe
they didn't have full rights they
couldn't even own arms but they did have
power that combination of power and
impotence
Randall argued made them targets snail
was the appropriate insult
snails carried their houses on their
backs as they retreated just as the
lombards had from Charlemagne they were
slimy like a lot of Europeans probably
saw their lenders Colleen Lombard snails
was an anti foreign slur that later grew
into a bigger trope it appeared in what
was probably a medieval pattern book
with models that helped other scribes
draw and snails showed up in many
different combinations later on
here's a snail monkey rabbit battle
royale from the 14
snails were slow but they spread
we can't be certain what the Knights and
snails men because they meant different
things as the image became a cliche the
same way people don't explain their
memes today scribes didn't annotate
their games in the margins
Randall's argument fits with the timing
in history but people also speculate
that snails represented the slowness of
time or the insulation of the ruling
class we can only be certain about one
thing the snails reveal something along
with everything else in the margins
scribes labored over transcriptions of
hallowed works reproducing every line
they snuck in additions jokes and rich
in the margins of the text the drawings
were fantasies but they were made by
artists who sought to parody the
indignities and absurdities of their own
world the margins were the only space
left so they turned them into a
self-portrait
except for this guy he's just going to
get murdered by snail so this video just
scratches the surface when it comes to
weird medieval art and possible
interpretations Michael Camille wrote a
whole book about art in the margins and
he highlights one figure it's the
Gorillaz in means supposed to represent
bodily appetites it's very cute and a
little disgusting
