the wait is over Republicans finally
have a bill to repeal and replace
Obamacare I am holding it in my hand it
is a real bill and it is stranger than I
expected it to be there is a lot more of
Obamacare left in this bill than I think
anybody expected there are differences
of course we'll get into those but
there's a lot of popular parts of
Obamacare Republicans now keep they are
definitely working in an Obamacare world
can continue on your parent's insurance
until 26 that's still in there requiring
insurers to cover pre-existing
conditions check still in there
preventing insurers from setting
lifetime limits check still in there tax
credits so people can afford health care
check still in there covering the people
on Medicaid today it is in there now I
don't want to overstate this there's a
lot in the bill that changes huge huge
tax cuts for rich people for one thing
the tax subsidies the the way we help
people forward insurance that's gonna be
based on age not income and it's gonna
be a lot leaner the Medicaid expansion
that covers more than 10 million people
now if you read this it stops adding new
people in 2020 these details they will
change as a Senate and House argue over
the bill but for this plan to work at
all
one thing Republicans have to figure out
is how to bring healthy people into the
system and here's why if you think of a
group of people on a continuum from the
healthiest to the sickest the sickest
people they use the most health care so
they're the most expensive to insure
that's why to get a good mix of people
to get premiums down on average you need
a lot of healthy people signing up for
insurance they use less health care so
they pull premiums down for everyone
this is the core question of insurance
markets how to have enough healthy
people to balance out your sick people
the reason this is difficult is it
healthy people they don't need insurance
as badly so when more sick people come
on board and the prices come up it is a
healthy people who leave without them
the insurance gets even more expensive
which drives out the next group of
healthy people and so on and so on until
insurance is completely unaffordable the
way Obamacare tries to fix that problem
is the individual mandate everyone has
to either have insurance or they pay a
small fine the Republican plan replaces
Univision mandate with a provision
saying if you get sick and you need to
rejoin the insurance pool insurance
companies can charge you a 30% premium
that's not gonna work already
Obamacare's individual mandate is too
weak to pull in as many healthy people
as a lawn eating that's why premiums
have been rising in a lot of markets
this this is weaker it could lead to
death spirals in a bunch of markets as
healthy people flee and sick people are
all that remain and make no mistake if
they pass this mill Republicans will own
these death spirals but that's just one
problem in here
look hypocrisy is a minor sin in
politics people are hypocritical all the
time but it is remarkable how much
hypocrisy there is to be found in this
legislation
remember when Mitch McConnell said this
there are 25 million Americans who
aren't covered now if the idea behind
Obamacare was to get everyone covered
that's one of the many failures in
addition to premiums going up
co-payments going up deductibles going
up so after years of Republicans
complaining that co-pays and deductibles
are too high in Obamacare not enough
people can afford insurance this plan
the Republican plan it lets insurers
offer coverage with higher co-pays
higher deductibles makes it harder for
people to have it to actually use it and
then not only make that insurance harder
to use they make it harder to afford in
the first place particularly for the
poor under Obamacare the government
gives subsidies to poor people to help
pay their premiums the Republican plan
it replaces these subsidies with tax
breaks based on age not income and
without the income based subsidies a lot
of people aren't gonna be able to afford
insurance the the credit rating agency
Standard & Poor projects between six and
ten million people will lose their
insurance under this bill a lot more
would suddenly find the coverage they
can afford has huge deductibles and
doesn't actually cover that much that
can go wrong the biggest problem this
bill has amaura read it is it it's not
clear why it exists what it's trying to
achieve what it makes better in reality
what I think we're seeing here is
Republicans have lost sight of what they
were trying to achieve in the first
place they are trying so desperately to
come up with something that will allow
them to say they've repealed and
replaced Obamacare they've let repeal
and replace become not just a political
slogan but a goal this this is Obamacare
light it's a worse version of Obamacare
and it's a lot of political pain to
endure for a bill that won't just fail
to improve many people's lives but will
badly hurt millions Republicans you need
to really look at this and ask what are
they trying to it
'chief here what is the point of all
this
