in 2014 Russian President Vladimir Putin
was not very popular among Republicans
or Democrats which made sense Canada
somewhat murderous strong man with the
nasty habit of invading his neighbor
this is without question our number one
geopolitical foe breaking news signs of
a Russian invasion in Ukraine tonight
since 2025 journalists have died under
mysterious circumstances the Russian
military campaign in Syria after a week
of airstrikes now escalating
dramatically to prop up Syrian President
Assad
this chart shows Putin's net
favorability among Republicans that's
the percentage of people who view him
favorably minus the percent who view him
unfavorably you can see the net
favorability begin to rise steadily
through 2014 and 2015 and then all of a
sudden in August 2016 it's bite by
December 2016
the share of Republicans who saw Putin
favorably had more than tripled his
popularity fell among Democrats but by a
much smaller margin so what's going on
here and what does it mean for the
United States relationship with Russia I
think you're saying is two years of
constant Republican propaganda about how
whether Putin is a strong leader who
decides what he wants to do and he does
it in here today and makes a decision
and he executes it quickly then
everybody reacts that's rich co-leader
people are looking at Putin as one who
wrestled bears and drill for oil they
look at our president as one who wears
mom jeans well you see it's just this
Republican talking points that builds
and builds and builds and finally really
hit the peak with Donald Trump I think I
would get along very well with a respect
boot is a strong leader if he says great
things about me I'm going to say great
things about him I've already said he is
really very much of a leader I mean you
can say oh isn't that a terrible thing
he called me the man has very strong
control over a country
well the scene was Donald Trump is that
he believes in the great man theory of
history both the great part of it and
also the man part of it he's a man who
sees himself as a tough to fight
leader authoritarianism necessary be
willing to do whatever it takes to push
through what I think needs to be done it
looks of Latin including Russia someone
who is made clear if you're dissonant
increases that the Kenyan may disappear
if you're someone the public delusion
Florian supported him you may lose your
job and he was advancing the work there
is also a financial connection Trump has
had trouble getting loans from US banks
following his multiple bankruptcy
filings since 1991 we know from a speech
that his son Donald Trump jr. made in
2008 that Russian investors have played
a big role in financing Trump projects
ever since most wealthy Russian
businesspeople maintained warm
relationships with Putin who holds
absolute power in the country
that means the investors who helped save
Trump's business empire are likely to
include several close Putin allies one
is extraordinary running for a US
president is potentially financially
pulled into an enemy country led by
dictator
there is also an intelligence report in
which a former British spy claims that
the Russian government has compromising
information on Trump's information that
they could use to blackmail him this
isn't Hollywood this isn't conspiracy
this isn't paranoia this may actually
some level be true Republican voters
might be taking their cues from Trump
when it comes to Putin but Republican
lawmakers are a different story in
Vladimir Putin as a person was killed
he's jailed and murdered journalists
political opponents Putin is an
aggressor that does not share our
interests that are impudent is violating
the sovereignty of neighboring countries
it certainly appears that he is
conducting in state-sponsored
cyberattacks and what appears to be our
political system the Russians are
undermined democracy throughout the
entire world
they're taking land owned by others the
force they did hack into our political
system they're doing it to other
political systems before he was Donald
Trump's vice president then
representatives Mike Pence held a
similar position and now an increasingly
antagonistic Russia has been rewarded
for bullying and threatening its
neighbors
seven years later he was singing a
different tune I think it's in our
that Vladimir Putin has been a stronger
leader in his country than Barack Obama
has been in this country when Trump
praises Putin he's also flouting his
party's long history of skepticism
towards Russia we think of Republicans
and the kind of leader that they
venerate is Ronald Reagan they come back
to Reagan again and again and again
I remember when Ronald Reagan was the
president he stood on principle standing
up to the Soviet Union Ronald Reagan
reignited the American economy rebuilt
the military bankrupted the Soviet Union
and defeated Soviet Communism and they
come back him because they think he won
the Cold War and because they think he
beat the Soviet Union the march of
freedom and democracy which will lead
Marxism Leninism on the ash heap of
history as it has left other tyrannies
which stifle the freedom and muzzle the
self-expression of the people this is
not just a break with Republicans on the
hill in 2016 this is a break with the
last 30 years Republican ideology dating
back to the president allows Reagan
prevailed up as a mirrored godlike
figure Trump has also been slow to
accept the CIA and FBI is conclusion
that Russia sought to influence the
presidential election Russia hack the
Democratic National Committee server it
has to personally know John Podesta her
expensive campaign chairman as far as
hacking I think it was Russian but I
think we also get hacked by other
countries and other people when
recruiting weaponized the fact that we
the Free Press used WikiLeaks the kind
of launder the information and then
dribbled it out day by day by day so for
week in the last election all you saw
was negative press coverage of Hillary
Clinton driven by selectively chosen
leaked emails in response President
Obama issued economic sanctions against
Russia which Donald Trump doesn't have
to keep these will weak distinction
they're going to do nothing Vladimir
Putin will look at this and say I got
what I wanted I can pay this cost I'll
do it again
