when I first saw the tape of Trump I was
shocked but not surprised I don't know
anyway we've known this about Trump for
a long time he's been accused of sexual
assault in the past by Jill Hart the
former business associate he pushed me
up against the wall and had his hands
all over me and tried to get up my dress
again and I had to physically say what
are you doing stop it it was a shocking
thing to have him do this hey when
you're a star they let you do it
you can do anything whatever you want
grab him by the pussy it is sexual
assault to grab a woman's private parts
without her consent to kiss her without
her consent without warning which is
exactly what Trump described on those
tapes the reaction of Trump supporters
to the phrase sexual assault was almost
unbelievable this is suggesting sexual
assault
and that's a very unfortunate phrase
that people really should stop using why
because I know him better and I know
better it's what he said
this term sexual assualt has been
bandied about I don't think he was
advocating sexual assault on that but
you had a lot of surrogates focusing on
the words it's shockingly lewd it was
gat aw well those words are horrendous
they're dreadful they're their appalling
their foul that's what is said in a
locker room I've been a lot of don't kid
yourself okay the language is
unappropriate it's not acceptable and I
think a lot of these people who are
focusing on the words just don't really
understand what sexual assault meetings
he said he starts to kiss a woman and
then they let him do X Y or Z that
implies consent that's not consent
consent is not imposing your will on
someone and having them just not resist
consent means that the other person
wants to be doing the thing that you are
doing there's this great cartoon and
it's about how consent is like tea you
wouldn't try to force tea down the
throat of someone who says no thank you
i would not like tea
whether it's tea or sex consent is
everything we understand this with food
but we don't really understand it with
women's bodies all of a sudden his hands
were all over me
he was like an octopus it was like he
had six arms he was all over the place
there's been a weird tendency on the
right in general to minimize the role of
consent and sexual assault the left will
promote and understand and tolerate
anything as long as there is one element
do you know what it is consent do but if
the left ever senses and smells that
there's no consent in part of the
equation that here come the rape police
what Rush Limbaugh doesn't get is that
if you don't consent to sexual activity
it's not legal it has a lot to do with
traditional gender roles boys will be
boys and you know guys are pretty lusty
and you need to be careful when you got
them around young women particularly if
there was parties and alcohol so the
rules are pretty tight well the sexual
revolution that began in the sixty did
away with all that the problem with some
of these more traditional views of
gender is that they just don't know how
to deal with the idea that women are
autonomous beings when it comes to sex
that women have sex women like sex women
can know when they want to have sex and
how they want to have it and with whom
they want to have it and that they are
entitled to make choices about this
after we actually had women come forward
and say yes Trump did these things to me
that he denied doing on national
television the conversation had shift it
couldn't be about words anymore it was
very clearly now about alleged deeds
Trump's alleged deeds he turned to me
and embraced me and gave me a kiss on
the lips and I I remember being shocked
i I mean I was very young and I remember
feeling kind of embarrassed like wanting
to turn and almost fight my mouth like
what just happened he just came
strolling right in there was no second
to put a robe on or any sort of clothing
or anything some girls were topless
other girls were naked
Natacha stoy not a writer for People
magazine claims that she was physically
attacked by Trump Trump took tic-tacs
suggested I take them all so he then
leaned in I'm reading this catching the
off guard and kissed me almost on the
lips I was really freaked out he and his
campaign in order to protect him have
sort of no choice but to say that these
women are crazy or politically motivated
I think it's very difficult if you've
been on an airplane and you know I know
you've been on an airplane sitting in
first class that Sohn would notice if an
octopus was
having you and all of a sudden she's so
enraged by this she gets up and goes
back to the back of the plane I think
there's a lot of holes in this story why
wait for 26 days out from the election
this is a political hit piece any
reasonable woman would have come forward
and said something gee how convenient
that both of these women are Hillary
Clinton supporter and there's good
reason why women often wait this long to
come forward victims know very well that
they're gonna be just believed they they
know Temple Taggart was 21 year old
beauty contestant watching him relive
his sexual aggressions on this video she
said in an interview on Saturday made me
feel a lot better she said it was like
thank you now no one can say I made this
up these women who say that Trump has
groped them are watching him say to
Anderson Cooper's face that he doesn't
do that you described kissing women
without consent grabbing their genitals
that is sexual assault you bragged that
you have sexually assaulted women do you
understand that no I didn't say that at
all I don't think you understood what
was it so for the record you're saying
you never did things frankly you you
hear these things I said and I was
embarrassed by it but I have tremendous
respect for women have you ever done
that I have respect for me and I will
tell you no I have not they wanted to
tell their truth so that his testimony
would not be all that was out there
about this about what really happened to
them
