hi I'd like to get a prescription for
birth control getting a birth control
prescription can be a huge hassle ask
your doctor if birth control is right
for you then ask your boss put it online
and see how many likes again okay maybe
it's not that bad but still you've gotta
schedule the appointment three weeks
take time off work it might mean an
awkward conversation with your parents
do you take it for your skin who do you
think she has a tight knit sweaters and
then you got to do it all over again no
refills I have to go through all this
again next month yep see you then but
what if you could just get birth control
without seeing a doctor well an Oregon
in California you can pharmacist there
can prescribe birth control without
having a doctor involved several other
states are considering similar measures
in many experts want to go even further
birth control is a relatively safe drug
with few complications so why not make
it as easy to buy as advil or vitamins
over-the-counter access could help
prevent some of the 45% of pregnancies
that are unplanned each year in the US
and lots of countries already let you
buy birth control without a prescription
one study of a low-income border
community found that women who obtain
the pill in Texas were 60% more likely
to stop using it compared to women who
went to Mexico to buy their birth
control over the counter one potential
downside would be that fewer women go to
get annual cancer screenings if they
don't need to go see their doctor in
order to get birth control but overall
most doctors support the idea of making
birth control easier to get and a
handful of Republican politicians say
that they're in favor of it too
the Phil lot to be available
over-the-counter round-the-clock
two-thirds of women back
over-the-counter birth control and one
in three women who aren't taking the
pill say that they would take it if they
could get it without a prescription plus
reducing unintended pregnancies could
save the u.s. a ton of money the federal
government pays for 68% of unintended
birth through Medicaid and other
programs which cost us taxpayers 21
billion dollars a year
fewer unintended pregnancies means fewer
abortions fewer miscarriages and lower
health care costs
pregnancy is expensive and it should be
easy to prevent
you
