here's a scary fact in 2014
47,000 Americans died from drug overdose
that's a new record but if you peel back
the numbers many of these Americans are
not dying from illegal drugs
the main killer is not cocaine meth or
heroin
instead totally legal opiate painkillers
were the biggest cause of overdoses how
did we get to this point so in the 1990s
doctors were under a lot of pressure
from advocacy groups of federal
government to treat pain is this really
serious medical issue and there was
pretty good reason for that there were
about 100 million Americans suffering
from chronic pain the under treatment of
pain is a major public health problem
whatever the cause some end up shuttling
from Doctor to doctor desperate for
relief under this pressure doctors
turned to opiate painkillers highly
potent drugs that bind to receptors in
the nervous system and reduce pain
messaging to the brain and one reason
doctors turned to opioid painkillers is
because drug companies like Purdue
Pharma said that they were safer and
less addictive than other painkillers on
the market we now find that these
medicines are much safer much more
powerful much more versatile than we
used to think and we feel that they
should be used much more liberally for
people with all sorts of chronic pain
yeah that that wasn't true at all that
these drugs were safer than the other
ones on the market and in fact Purdue
Pharma ended up paying hundreds of
millions of dollars in fines for its
false claims later on the damage had
been done in by 2012 physicians wrote
259 million prescriptions for opioid
painkillers enough to give a bottle of
pills to every adult in the country
since opiate painkillers are so
addictive millions of patients got
hooked on the drug and as use
proliferated many patients overdosed in
2014 nearly 19,000 drug overdoses were
linked to opiate painkillers about 40
percent of all drug overdoses recorded
that year say here's where it gets like
really ugly
the doctors again pulling back these
prescriptions but what that actually
ended up doing is that because these
painkiller addicts were already using
and addicted to opioids they just went
to another opioid heroin people who are
addicted to painkillers are 40 times as
likely to be addicted to heroin since
2000 Herron overdoses are up by 500%
more than 10,000 people died of heroin
overdoses just in 2014 the government is
finally responding to this whole problem
the Obama administration along with
local state and private efforts have
significantly increased funding for
prevention and treatment programs but
fundamentally doctors still need an
alternative to treating chronic pain one
option that has gotten surprisingly
little attention is another contentious
political issue medical marijuana the
research on pot it's still pretty early
in large part because are so many
restrictions the research that has been
done suggests pot is actually really
good not for every chronic pain patient
but for a lot of chronic pain patients
and unlike opioids pot isn't linked to
deadly overdoses that doesn't mean it's
perfectly safe but it doesn't kill
people in the way opioids do
studies also show that states with
medical marijuana dispensaries tend to
have fewer opiate overdose deaths in the
best study done so far the research said
that providing broader access to medical
marijuana may have the potential benefit
of reducing abuse of highly addictive
painkillers I mean I wouldn't say that
medical marijuana is like the only
option for dealing with oh good
but right now doctors are in a really
bad position they want to treat pain as
like a serious medical issue the the
drugs that they were relying on opioids
have caused this massive very urgent
crisis and marijuana it might not be the
perfect solution it won't work for
everyone
but at least it's something to go on
