Bernie Sanders represents Vermont in the
US Senate
but you've likely noticed that his voice
represents another place entirely and
another time New York City where the
world's nations sit side by side Sanders
grew up in Brooklyn in the 1940s and 50s
the city had long ago developed a
distinctive accent surprisingly its
features can be traced back to the early
English settlers rather than the big
waves of immigration that came later the
most famous feature of the New York City
accent is probably what linguists called
the Swat vowel and I just said it in a
very New York way walk the issues for
the people and second of all there is a
broad word consensus when Bernie Sanders
says these words the position of the
vowel is raised so what does that mean
for me it was helpful to look at this
chart of vowel sounds it's shaped like
this because it's essentially a diagram
of your mouth with the vowels mapped
according to the position of your tongue
when you say them try saying e and O and
pay attention to your tongue no really
try it it's moving forward and back but
it can also move up and down without
moving your jaw too much triad and E e
researchers can measure the position of
these vowels by analyzing their
frequencies so what's happening with the
New York City thought vowel is that it
stays back but it moves up instead of
thought you get thought this feature is
becoming less distinct with each
generation according to a recent survey
of native New Yorkers particularly among
white people the more recent the birth
year the lower the thought vowel it goes
from coffee - coffee quoi right none of
my nephews or nieces will say it that
way you can also hear Bernie Sanders New
York roots in his arse or actually in
his lack of ours within the Democratic
Party
our computers Denmark in don't
like the dialects from Boston you knock
sorry in Savannah I like to go under the
speed limit the New York City accent is
historically non-rhotic meaning ours
often get dropped except before vowels
so newscasters call him Bernie Sanders
but he calls himself early services our
dropping is something that became
fashionable in London in the late 1700s
before spreading to the east coast of
the US but now it too is fading after
the Second World War it lost its
prestige Americans were focused on their
own identity rather than maintaining
ties to England and as pop culture
increasingly portrayed New Yorkers as
criminals
the stigma led some to intentionally
lose their accents as with all dialects
the New York City accent is more
pronounced among the working class which
may help explain why Sanders who grew up
in a lower middle-class home has a
heavier accent than Donald Trump also a
native New Yorker and law enforcement
law enforcement but the accent also
varies with ethnicity so many people
might recognize Sanders Jewish in
donations one place that you see this is
duties at the end of some of his words
profound and important normally you
won't say the tea very much you'll say
where'd you go I left but you would
rarely say left and it's kind of typical
of Jews to do that to say I left this
country in fact I very much reject but
it's also in the pacing and the rise and
fall of how he speaks
which is why to really do a good Bernie
Sanders it helps if you're also a Jew
from 1950s working-class Brooklyn this
may not be great politics but I think
the American people are sick and tired
of hearing about your Damn emails
one of the things both Bernie Sanders
and Donald Trump are known for is their
pronunciation of the hue sound
why didn't your kurz drop the h at the
front of these words well the answer
seems to be that it just takes less
energies to say huge than it does to
stay huge consider another age that most
of the rest of us have already dropped
that's the H in what where when back
before the 18th century was considered
uneducated speech to say what instead of
what may be in the future
all english-speaking humans will say
huge
