if you look back at hip-hop in the mid
90s you might notice a political theme
rappers like Ice Cube transcended music
and began to tell the story of the
ghetto through film your mother not
never to move in this neighborhood a we
hadn't known you needed gone to walk
down the damn street Lauryn Hill was
preaching gender equality and songs like
everything is everything
witnessed artists like Tupac and nas and
Biggie Smalls to use music to uplift and
educate young people from the projects
but somewhere around the turn of the
decade things changed politically
conscious hip-hop game steam underground
but began to exit pop culture
underground artists like most deaths
they true to conscious rap but the rise
of crunk and gangsta rap made hip-hop
look more like a rowdy party scene but
in 2015 hip-hop returned to politics
Kendrick Lamar spearheaded the returned
with his grammy-nominated album to pimp
a butterfly the title itself is
commentary on the role of black artists
in commercial music President Obama
named a song from the album how much a
dollar cost as his favorite of the year
Lamar disregard is a homeless man who
turns out to be God man with the same
complexion actually put to you fear
stressing about trying new
with a piece of crack declares way the
literal value of a dollar against that
of helping someone else in need and
Kendrick isn't the only one making a
statement this year m.i.a has risen from
Indy darling to popstar but continues to
advocate for the disenfranchised Keller
might gain notoriety on the strength of
the anarchy theme to run the jewels
project I'm the man on patrol
presidential candidate Bernie Sanders
for four weeks straight straight out of
Compton top the box office
it tells the story of NWA the 1980s rap
group known for criticizing the police
but the forefathers of hip-hop have
always been social political why is now
different over the past couple of years
several cases of police brutality
against a non black people have drawn
the nation's attention groups like black
lives matter are meeting with
presidential candidates and
conversations about injustice travel
faster than ever through social media if
you look at this chart a public opinion
on whether racism is a big problem you
see it was pretty high in 1995 by 2009
when Obama took office it had dropped
26% but it has since spiked back up to
50% since 2013 the number of Americans
saying racial relations are good has
dropped by 15 percentage points among
blacks and 27 points among whites
public awareness has clearly shifted and
in many ways the successful political
hip-hop reflects that change to change
the whole vibration the whole rock
nation the whole Live Nation soap or
libation beware but prayer for the polar
