this is Michael David I'm Michael Baruch
I'm a graphic designer you might be
familiar with this book but
interestingly he thinks that logos are
just kind of overrated I am actually
often very ambivalent about them let's
back up this what is a logo basically
the face of a company
some are beloved's some the swastika is
a logo when it's reviled you know they
have to work at tiny sizes and huge
there are three specific types first
type is the word mark the word mark is
the easiest one and it's one that we're
all most familiar with I mean John
Hancock's signature is kind of a word
mark and it can look crisp clean and
modern like the new Google logo looks it
can look somehow that it has roots in a
shared heritage way to coca-cola logo
looks you know the second is pictorial
pictorial logos often function as a kind
of rebus you know it's a picture and you
save what's in the picture and it's sort
of is identifying the name of the
company sometimes directly like target
sometimes more indirectly like Lacoste
the Third Kind is kind of the Holy Grail
abstract iconography it's everyone's
favorite kind of category because it
just seems almost like magic you know as
a designer people come to me and they'll
say oh I want like something like the
Nike swoosh they think that the Nike
swoosh was the Nike swoosh the day it
was drawn but there was nothing today
was drawn the company that birthed Nike
commissioned a design student named
Carolyn to draw some ideas and the Nike
founders didn't really like them they
sort of said I'll use that one it wasn't
like an overnight success and then they
started putting on the science of shoes
the shoes were good and then the genius
of Nikes marketing apparatus made us
further associate that product not
merely with performance athletic gear
but with the very idea of athletic
achievement itself and that's how over a
long time a little mark means something
big that's exactly our religious symbols
work it's obviously not just anything in
Herring
the shapes but it's about what those
shapes have come to represent in the
minds of the people who are looking at
them but there's a fourth type of logo
that goes beyond these three types and
can use elements of each of them the
logo system a graphical framework that
can have endless permutations the first
gigantically popular example of the logo
system would be MTV but Google's daily
doodles are another great example of the
logo system a familiar mark that can
also point to other ideas and issues
this approach all has to do with
technological change it used to be if a
company was doing a logo there'd be this
you know military operation by which you
would be inscribed on all their
equipment and other airplanes and their
retail facilities and gold pins and
cufflinks would be made for the
executive suite and put on spittoons and
ashtrays and the top of the skyscraper
and we say dwelling on everyone's
business card right nowadays none of
that's as important as an email
signature or your Twitter avatar or the
little thing that sits next to your URL
and those things are much more
ubiquitous and they can be changed at
the drop of a hat the route used this
system approach for his Hillary Clinton
logo we wanted to have a mark reflect
the electorate and reflect the issues
those simple forms that comprise the age
with the arowana are actually designed
to hold not just two colors a red and
blue but any colors you want the use of
logo systems seems to be continually on
the upswing now probably because it
allows the brand using it to expand the
conversation beyond its own name the
logo kind of reminds people that that's
that's what we're talking that's what
our priority is today but at the end of
the day regardless of the shape style or
system it might not matter like your
logo this it really is about thinking of
these symbols as being empty vessels in
a way and then you pour the meaning into
so what's this all add up to basically
those fights people get in about new
logos are pretty misguided they think
they're judging a diving competition but
actually all these organizations are in
swimming competitions it's not what kind
of splash you make when you hit the
water it's how long you keep your head
above that water logos need to have a
long life not win points in a discussion
twelve years after the birth of that
Nike logo Nike came back to that graphic
design student Carolyn with a gift
a Nike ring with her own trademark on in
an undisclosed amount of Nike stock Wow
in 1973 when it was designed her pay was
$35
