outlet stores as most people understand
them are a place to get a good deal on a
high-end product and that's certainly
how they started back in the 1930s
clothing stores offered excess or
damaged goods to their employees and
then later start offering those same
goods to non-employees shoppers go-to
outlet stores thinking that they're
gonna get steep discounts either stuff
that was returned and couldn't be resold
or items that weren't bestsellers last
season but the truth is that these days
you're probably not getting that great
of a deal javi Lieber Iraq reporter has
written about the tactics that brands
used to make shoppers believe they're
getting more for less the point is you
know to make you think that you're
actually buying products from the brand
itself when in reality they were
probably made by third party vendors or
brands that licensed the name out but
were actually never part of the original
label or collection in a 2014 letter to
the chairwoman of the Federal Trade
Commission four members of congress
wrote that an estimated 85 percent of
merchandise and outlets were
specifically manufactured for outlets
they wanted the FTC to investigate
unfair marketing practices that make it
really hard for the average shopper to
tell which clothes were never actually
sold at the higher end retail stores the
ethics are definitely murky especially
when you look at how these items are
priced because the labels will say
originally sold for 350 your price is
150 but in reality if the item was made
specifically for the outlet it was never
sold at 350 last year a woman in
California actually sued a Michael Kors
outlet for misleading her with this tag
the truth is these jeans were never
really sold at $120 Kors agreed to pay a
class action settlement they said they
would use the word value instead of MSRP
on the tag would install signs in their
stores to help clarify what that
Neiman Marcus is vice president of
corporate communications ginger reader
she insists that the products are not
necessarily inferior in quality but
she'll say that either the fabrics might
be different the buttons are less
expensive but certainly because they're
made specifically for outlets they're
probably not designed by the same team
that's making it for the regular price
stores some brands will signal which
items were manufactured for outlets but
you have to know what you're looking for
consumers might not ultimately care if
the items were made at a lower quality
for the outlets but they should at least
know what they're buying
