to the people of Paris keep spreading
love you don't need to shy away from
living your lives you should never be
afraid of any terrorists because I'm
telling you that the terrorists are more
afraid than you are nobody can imagine
what you're going through right now and
the emotions going through your heart
but you don't want to live your life
with hate you know you don't want to
live your life anger my mom pulled me
over and she said there was an accident
today there was an attack on where dad
works and we don't think he's ever gonna
come home he was killed he didn't just
die it wasn't a car accident he went he
didn't have cancer he was killed it was
a predetermined and premeditated
terrorist attack and I guess you just
don't understand that when you're a kid
and I grew up and I understood and
everything just froze for me I know what
it's like to have my father killed on
national television it's no longer
something that is you know your own your
own experience you're sharing it now
with hundreds of thousands of people and
it sort of takes away from the fact that
you can grieve and move on and you know
just live your life my dad's favorite
number was 33 I went to the gym today
and I put my locker in the only locker
that was left open it was number 33 and
I thought okay Wow okay okay today I'm
good I do believe that it is up to us
now because we know what anger and
hatred looks like and we can't add to
that anymore
people look at you and they shouldn't
see tragedy they should see hope because
you mean so much to society and you're
so valuable and for you to you know be
happy is just what everybody wants to
see you know and it'll give everybody
hope and that's the best I think attack
that you can have on a terrorist or a
terrorist group or anything you know
it's a smile you know show your teeth
and so just love life
