for most people when they drink alcohol
it can make them feel more confident and
comfortable but for me drinking makes me
feel less confident and uncomfortable
that's because thanks to my DNA alcohol
makes my skin turn red
it's called Asian flush and it affects
about 36 percent of North East Asians
with higher rates among Asian Americans
I guess we should probably show you what
it looks like first side sign always
slamming these what's happening if I
know that I'm going to need to take
pictures then I will drink less until
those pictures are over and then I will
go back to normal pace people tend to
assume that a red face means that we're
drunk but that's a myth these are
completely separate processes facial
flushing whether from embarrassment or
exercise or alcohol it happens when the
blood vessels under the surface of the
skin dilate in the case of Asian flush
this is part of an immune response the
body is detecting a threat the threat
isn't the alcohol itself but a substance
that our livers produce while breaking
down alcohol for me at least like the
warmth starts in my chest
moves way up my cheeks are warm my ears
are warm it's weird it's like my eyes
are happy you feel like they get puffy
when people drink ethanol that's the
chemical name for booze the liver gets
rid of it using two main enzymes the
first reacts with the ethanol molecule
to produce a substance called
acetaldehyde and the second quickly
turns acetaldehyde into acetate which is
similar to vinegar and easy for the body
to eliminate it's that second enzyme
that really screws things up for people
with Asian flush if you look inside our
DNA you'll find that the gene providing
the instructions for that enzyme was
tweaked at some point in our history and
that gene mutation produces an inactive
enzyme so when we drink our bodies
accumulate acetaldehyde at a level about
six times higher than normal people
if acetaldehyde sounds familiar that may
be because it's similar to formaldehyde
it's toxic that's why it triggers the
immune response and the red face is
really the least of it after having that
one beer I didn't feel tipsy at all but
my heart rate doubled my eyes were
bloodshot and within a half-hour I had a
headache
even worse acetaldehyde can cause cancer
it's a problem because people can
actually develop a tolerance to Asian
blush and that allows them to drink
pretty heavily studies have shown that
heavy drinking raises the risk of
esophageal cancer for everyone but
especially for people with Asian flush
so it's potentially problematic that
alcohol consumption in Asia has been
increasing especially in China so if you
have Asian flush be careful your body is
freaking out for a reason
and if you don't flush well just don't
expect us to keep up with you and also
you don't have to bring it up every time
I guess a nice one you know I know that
I turned red thank you I know this
Thanks
