Saturday's Asiana air crash at SFO when
a plane crashes it's kind of a big deal
continuing coverage now on the Aussie on
a plane crash investigation
investigators try to figure out what
went so terribly wrong people freaked
out there's usually a big investigation
and a bunch of policy changes to make
planes safer a plane crash investigation
committee from several nations including
the United States are meeting in Tripoli
to try and figure out what happened
there's pretty much a zero-tolerance
policy for plane crashes in our society
and luckily planes are very safe because
of it but when a car crashes it's not
really a big deal no one hears about car
crashes on the news we've decided as a
society that car crashes are a cost of a
hearing the convenient thing it's not
worth a big investigation a bunch of
news coverage this video isn't about
cars and planes
it's about hospitals sometimes doctors
and nurses despite their best intentions
hurt patients a tricky procedure goes
wrong and the patient suffers or dies
this happens all the time in hospitals
one estimate says that at least 210
thousand people die every year due to
preventable harm in hospitals that's a
huge number you know I think we think of
hospitals as this place where you go to
get better and that's just what happens
but there's a lot of risk and like going
to a hospital like there's like a lot of
things that go wrong and they don't
necessarily have to some hospitals treat
medical harm incidents like plane
crashes an unacceptable problem that
needs investigation and policy change
other hospitals treat them like car
crashes just a tragic loss of a risky
business but not ultimately preventable
the way hospitals react to harming their
patients can have a huge impact on how
often these errors occur and that's what
this video is about how hospitals react
when they harm their patients so I got
interested in medical errors because
it's this massive problem that we don't
really talk about in health care Sara
and I headed to California to visit some
people who would help us figure out how
and why people are being harmed in
hospitals and whether or not it's
preventable I quickly realized that we
were looking into something that was
rarely talked about but
had a huge effect on hospital patients
around the country she loved dancing and
running and jumping and she never sat
down on a minutes funny that's Claire
her daughter Nora was born with an
underdeveloped lung that required her to
be in the hospital for quite a bit of
time so we were using the beater and I
was like oh yeah they're just songs I'll
feed it so we put had and I mean she
used to beat her as a just play it like
as loud as possible and she would just
think during her treatment
Nora contracted something called a
central line infection which I'll
explain in a minute the day before she
got that first line infection I had a
friend over with her daughter and like
she was showing Nora how to do push-ups
I mean it was just you know like totally
fine and then that was like about and
then like two days later she got the
infection our lives completely a central
line is a tube that is placed in a vein
that goes right to the heart it's given
to patients who need medicine that's too
acidic to go through a normal IV or to
those who need to get their blood drawn
often the tube stays there people walk
around with this thing in and it gives
doctors and nurses really quick access
to the blood stream it's a super useful
invention but we're talking about
putting a tube through veins that go
right to your heart just as it's good
for giving medicine quickly into your
bloodstream it's also a foreign object
in your most vital organ so if any
bacteria gets in there it's a very bad
news Nora had four of these central line
infections over the course of her life
that's way above average Claire thinks
that the Stanford hospital where she was
being treated could have prevented them
and that's the question we're trying to
answer can these infections be prevented
there has to be a better solution like
this cannot be because every line
infection just to hook it out of her
every line infection you know just took
more out of her and more doctors and
nurses have sanitation protocols when
dealing with central lines but even so
she contracted three more line
infections while she was in the hospital
her health was rapidly deteriorating as
she approached her fourth birthday and
she like put her arms and legs around me
and I went back and she was sort of like
gasping to breathe and then she she said
please help me feel better
and she just grabbed me around my neck
like so I mean I can still feel it like
it's so much strength you know like just
squeezing me and then she just basically
lost kind of just innocent just kind of
Nora died her arms around her mother's
neck on November 22nd 2013 just three
weeks before her fourth birthday there
are so many points along the way were
like things could have gone differently
you know
and there were so many unnecessary
mistakes that just led to that moment
it's hard to know whether or not the
line infections were the direct cause of
her death it's hard to disentangle
everything that was going on with her to
give a neat causal story of how she died
but what's sure is that these line
infections caused her and her family
immense suffering Claire thinks that
they should have never happened in the
first place she wrote a letter to the
Stanford Hospital where Nora died she
basically lined out the mistakes that
she saw in the hospital and offered
feedback on patient safety failures she
got this letter in return unfortunately
the placement of Sandra Lyons is
associated with a risk of infection
there is a risk of infection even in the
best of circumstances which can never be
entirely eliminated please be assured
that multiple procedural protocols are
in place to promote hand washing
techniques and minimize the chance of
infection we understand and recognize
your feelings regarding Nora's care and
we apologize that you were dissatisfied
with your experience of LPS eh so we're
Nora's line infections just the result
of a risky business or could they've
been prevented
Stanford looked at central line
infections with the car crash mentality
just an inevitable tragedy instead of
with a zero tolerance plane crash
mentality but we headed north to a
hospital outside of Sacramento that went
seven years in a row without a single
central line infection we wanted to
figure out what they were doing to
achieve this perfect record I was really
interested in this concept of like
should there be any central line
infections given what we know is zero
possible like what does it take to get
to zero what are the obstacles there in
2005 this hospital had 11 central line
infections research was just starting to
come out on how to avoid these central
line infections and this Roseville
hospital began to implement it
they had a few powerhouse nurses that
were dedicated to making a difference
and they did we kind of thought you had
infections yeah there was no biggie it
was no big deal it developed over time
you know we looked at people we looked
at equipment we looked at skill set and
kind of all that came together to really
develop the bundle that has been quite
effective here you can't accept good
enough you know you have to go for
eliminating those if you've been at zero
and you have an episode you go in and
you say you pick it apart and you do a
root cause analysis and you say what
went wrong they treated land infections
like plane crashes a zero tolerance
policy it was instituted and they began
to see results we got to see these
nurses in action as they inserted a
central line they suited us up in
sterile dressing and began their work
the nurses were meticulous about the
procedure
they'd instituted standards of
sterilization that assured minimum risk
of infection and these weren't just
compassionate nurses who had an
intrinsic motivation to do right instead
they were operating in a culture where
they were expected to do it right it was
a team effort where they had ownership
and accountability where the line
infections were unacceptable
when you have an outcome that isn't what
you wanted
if you don't say is there anything we
could have done better is there any way
we could have changed our interventions
and resulted in a different outcome
people are gonna get really really sick
and they're gonna die we left the
hospital understanding how they had made
it to zero central line infections and
then one thing it's just really great
game to watch but I was like three hours
away as I headed back to DC I kept
thinking of Nora if Stanford had an
attitude a little bit more like
Roseville maybe she would still be alive
today just another five year old little
girl Shirley she and her family wouldn't
have suffered as much to get the final
word on this subject we went to
Baltimore to talk to Peter Pronovost at
Johns Hopkins Medical Center he's
basically the Godfather of all of the
research behind preventing central line
infections we started investigating
every infection as a defect again a very
important culture change where in the
past we just accepted them and we said
no no if we really view these as defects
everyone needs to be investigated and
reported on and find out why they would
happen we routinely invite patients back
to inform us to learn with us to share
with us it is both healing for them and
our clinicians but importantly it also
is wise and fruitful for us to learn and
improve mistakes we finished up
reporting Sarah and I realized that
Nora's death actually represents two
tragedies the first was of course the
fact that a little girl suffering died
but the second and perhaps more harmful
tragedy is that the hospital where it
happened didn't take the opportunity to
learn from it
I think that's worse for patients who
are gonna be treated there in the future
it really makes a world of difference in
healthcare whether you see patient harm
as something that's preventable or
inevitable and getting people to the
preventable mindset from the inevitable
one it has the potential to alleviate a
lot of suffering to prevent a lot of
deaths I became convinced like attitude
towards harm makes all the difference
and that there's space for our
healthcare system to improve to taking a
more preventable attitude towards
patient harm
you
