would you like to never have to cook
again that sounds like my current state
that sounds like a decent idea it seemed
kind of dystopian to be honest that
sounds like a weird idea that sounds
like a good idea maybe I think it's a
dystopic nightmare I don't know what
multi dextran is malt it looks like
coffee it's over a little bit of a
greenish like undertones can I smell it
that's curious oh that's weird it's not
good
it's kind of like a yeasty it doesn't
taste that different from protein shakes
it's just like it's aggressively neutral
oh it's really gross it does in fact
taste like raw pancake batter but
thinner this is good for me that is not
as bad as I feared that's gross I don't
enjoy it oh that's terrible
actually saw their bad I kind of I mean
I could live with this
