my fellow Americans good afternoon
everybody good evening morning everybody
over the last several days we've seen
significant gains made by ISIL terrorist
organization that operates in both Iraq
and in Syria
Iraqi security forces have proven unable
to defend a number of cities this is not
solely or even primarily a military
challenge but what's clear from the last
decade is the need for the United States
to ask hard questions before we take
action Bruff were prepared to create
joint operation centers in Baghdad and
northern Iraq and we're prepared to send
a small number of additional American
military advisors up to 300 today I
authorized two operations in Iraq
targeted airstrikes to protect our
American personnel and a humanitarian
effort to help save thousands of Iraqi
civilians were trapped on a mountain
without food in water and facing almost
certain death countless Iraqis have been
displaced the chilling reports describe
ISIL militants rounding up families
conducting mass executions when we have
the unique capabilities to help avert a
massacre I believe the United States of
America cannot turn a blind eye today
the entire world is appalled by the
brutal murder of Jim Foley by the
terrorist group ISIL there has to be a
common effort to extract this cancer so
that it does not spread
I don't want to put the cart before the
horse we don't have a strategy yet ISIL
poses a threat to the people in Iraq and
Syria and the broader Middle East
including American citizens personnel
and facilities left unchecked these
terrorists could pose a growing threat
beyond that region including to the
United States I can announce that
America will lead a broad coalition to
roll back this terrorist threat our
objective is clear we will degrade and
ultimately destroy ISIL through a
comprehensive and sustained
counterterrorism strategy we will
conduct a systematic campaign of
airstrikes against these terrorists we
will expand our efforts beyond
protecting our own people and
humanitarian missions so that we're
hitting ISIL targets as rocky forces go
on offense moreover I've made it clear
that we will hunt down terrorists who
threaten our country wherever they are
that means I will not hesitate to take
action against ISIL in Syria as well as
Iraq may god bless our troops and may
god bless the United States of America
