what is the ALS ice bucket challenge the
ALS ice bucket challenge
is this kind of viral charity phenomenon
meant to raise awareness and raise money
towards a cure for a my tropics lateral
sclerosis a disease that most people
know better as Lou Gehrig's disease it
is a terrible degenerative disease
people end up trapped in their bodies
they don't typically survive beyond two
to five years the way this challenge
began the way it really kicked off was
with a guy named Peter freights he was
in Boston college athlete he's living
with ALS and he took this challenge the
idea was that you would either get an
ice bucket dump on your head or you
would donate 100 dollars but soon enough
people just did both and they would name
three more people the challenge went
incredibly viral even Mark Zuckerberg
and it's doing it had celebrities like
Diesel doing and Vin Diesel was my
favorite because he challenged Vladimir
Putin to do it next and it's raised a
tremendous amount of money for ALS
research how does it work you get
challenged by somebody so I got
challenged by Nilay Patel the editor The
Verge and then like what happens you
simply just like pump a bucket of ice
under
yes are there any good criticisms of V
challenges there are so what's happened
is that ALS wall a terrible disease is
not the only disease out there just
since the challenge began the ALS
Association is raised 123 million
dollars that is incredible it's an
incredible success it's good for the
world but there are a lot of other
worthy charities out there as well one
of the ones that give well which rates
charities recommend is the dewormed
world initiative which is an incredibly
cost-effective incredibly will run
charity to get rid of parasitic worms in
developing countries which really really
really are hurt folks or often sometimes
fatal terrible for development so i will
be donating both to the ALS Association
and to the D world oh right and Who am I
challenge I challenge Arianna Huffington
of The Huffington Post Nate Silver of
538 and summer Mathis of citilab y'all
of 24 hours that is really cold
you
