what is this John Boehner lawsuit John
Boehner is trying to do something that
has never been done before he's trying
to have the House of Representatives
institutionally sue President Obama
what's weird is that the particular
nature of the suit is John Boehner
demanding that Obama enforce a law that
John Boehner doesn't like more
stringently John Boehner wants to repeal
all of Obamacare he wants to repeal
pretty much every part of Obamacare and
there's one part of Obamacare that
Barack Obama delayed for a year this
employer mandate the part where
employers would have to insure their
employees or pay a penalty at least if
they have enough workers who aren't
insured if John Boehner won his lawsuit
the outcome of that would be that
President Obama would have to more
quickly implement a part of a law that
John Boehner is not one implemented in
at all does that seem weird what could
it be about John Boehner was a member of
Congress in 1998 he watched Republicans
lose an election they were supposed to
win because they hated Clinton so much
but they impeached him over the
objections of the American people they
made themselves look crazy
he watched Speaker Newt Gingrich
resigned because of that loss John
Boehner knows impeachment fever is
rising in the Republican Party there are
books being written about why Barack
Obama should be impeached calls coming
from an influential conservative
activist Sarah Palin so maybe John
Boehner is giving them a way to safely
release a little bit of tension a way to
get it all out what's interesting about
this lawsuit is he's not just bringing
it he is bringing it to the house he
wants to have a long drawn-out process
where the House of Representatives
decides whether or not to join his
lawsuit against President Obama it's
almost like an impeachment process where
they come down on the floor and they go
on every TV show and they make the case
except that at the end of making that
case what happens is not impeachment
what happens at the end of making that
case it's not that Republicans do
something extremely stupid it did they
do something it is just kind of probably
a waste of time
you
