so you have over the course of the last
six eight years a series of Supreme
Court decisions that systematically
dismantle protections against money in
politics and you write in this great
piece you did for media about the way in
which you a constitutional law professor
you cook the Supreme Court actually
misunderstood the effect that you
thought this would be corporations
rushing in but actually it's politicians
who need to buy insurance it's not about
the money that gets spent but about the
money that could be spent right this was
the point that Evan Bayh articulated in
an exchange that I saw him have with
senator Specter where he was describing
the dynamic that super PACs create he
said the the thing that I'm most fearful
of that any incumbent is most fearful of
is the thirty days before the election
some super PAC will come in and drop a
million dollars against you so you need
to prepare for that and the way you
prepare for that is these weren't his
words but this is the way to understand
it you buy super PAC insurance and what
that means is you affiliate with
somebody on your side who would be
willing to drop a million dollars to
defend you against the million dollars
that was spent against you well how do
you buy insurance like this well like
any insurance policy you gotta pay the
premium in advance and how do you pay
the premium in advance here you
basically signal that you're the kind of
person that this super PAC would want to
support so they might have standards
they might say we can only support
people who get a 90% voting a score on
our voting card and so now you have a
target to aim for 90% and this becomes
the economics of a protection racket
this is the sort of thing that Tony
Soprano would have understood because
now you have people behaving in a way
that assures the kind of protection they
need and not a single dollar has changed
hands the super PAC has achieved it's
exactly its objective and that dynamic I
think nobody was expecting nobody was
planning or thinking about when they
unleashed the series of decisions that
created the super PAC
I think the way that most of us
understand or conceptualize this kind of
interaction it's that the rich guy or
the lobbyist or the head of super PAC
goes to the politician and says that
you're going to vote my way or I'm gonna
drop a million dollars on you and for
your opponent I spoke a while back to
some folks who were involved in passing
the mccain-feingold one thing they said
which is interesting was it they had had
a lot of support from rich folks because
rich guys were tired of being hit up by
politicians and the politicians often do
it almost universe that well if they
don't get the donation
who knows how they'll vote and that
dynamic is shot through that system my
favorite example is the doc fix right so
the Medicare Act has this provision
where they're supposed to reduce the
reimbursement rate for doctors every
year and every year the question comes
up whether they will reduce the
reimbursement rate and every year they
vote not to reintroduce the
reimbursement rate but before they vote
that way of course there are lots of
efforts out to doctors saying we need to
build the support to stop the the doc
fix right so this becomes a
money-printing machine for congressmen
because of the threats of how it's going
to affect the interests of doctors same
thing with you know Al Gore I tell the
story in my book Al Gore when he was
vice president had this idea for
deregulating a significant chunk of the
telecommunications interesting his chief
lobbyist takes it to Capitol Hill and as
he reports it back to me response from
Capitol Hill was hell no if we
deregulate these guys how are we gonna
raise money from them right so the point
is you have your hands in as much as you
possibly can so you have as many chains
as you can possibly pull when you need
to raise money from people to fund your
elections and this is why I say you know
to people on the right all the time you
know you can say that the solution to
all of this is smaller government but
how are you gonna get smaller government
when the way we fund elections gives
congressmen an interest in larger more
invasive government you've got a thumb
on the scale against your objective of
shrinking the side of government because
if you shrink the size of government
they can't fund their campaigns anymore
you're running something called the
Mayday PAC
and you raised a million dollars it'll
be matched in May and you're trying to
raise five million dollars will be
matched with another five million
dollars in June and if you do that
you'll have 12 million dollars to spend
on the 2014 election kind of as a first
step how can you fight money in politics
by raising an enormous amount of money
in order to win elections well the only
way we solve the problem of money in
politics is changing the rules to
changing the rules of how campaigns get
funded now to change the rules we need a
Congress to get a Congress we have to
have a super PAC capable of exerting
enough coordinating influence to achieve
that and so that's the strategy because
in my view the critical problem is not
the corporation's can speak or that
money is speech or that there's lots of
money spent on negative ads the critical
problem is we've out sourced the funding
of campaigns to the tiniest fraction of
the 1% and we can change that by
electing a Congress that's committed to
a system of small dollar funded
elections whether it's the Republican
version of that which would be vouchers
or the democratic virtue of that which
would be matching funds either way you
change the rules and you can radically
change the way campaigns get funded
let's just back up on the mechanics here
for a second
so I favor on what a lot of
conservatives talk about as the solution
even though that's not my politics but I
favor a voucher system and a voucher
system um basically says every voter
gets a voucher in my book I talked about
every voter getting a $50 voucher and
they can give that voucher to any
candidate who agrees to fund his or her
campaign with vouchers and maybe small
contributions on top what are the
unintended consequences you worry about
in a system like that well you know
there's a lot of right thinking
reformers people who you know whose
views I respect because they've been in
this fight forever people like Fred
Wertheimer who I think are genuinely
concerned that if we shift too much
power to people to kind of creates these
coalition's and you know groups through
this kind of small dollar funding
they'll be driving for their own
kind of special interest legislation it
will get more special interest
legislation than we have right now it'll
just be driven by coalitions of voters
AARP or NRA instead of by K Street
lobbyists you donate to the NRA slate
yeah would be the word use you allocate
your voucher the way it and Ras as you
should allocate it or the AARP or a
planned parent or whatever you know and
so this is aggregating at a much lower
level it's bundling at the $50 level and
you might think well the policies that
come out of that are just not good
policies and in my response to that is
right democracy isn't a guarantee of
good government and there's give me many
things that a democracy does that I
disagree with you know of course I'm an
elite member of a Harvard Faculty of
course I'm gonna disagree with it but I
don't see the alternative to empowering
a responsive democracy at least in the
current political context we're not
gonna pick 12 law professors to decide
how we should make policy in the United
States we're not gonna turn more over to
the courts people don't trust the courts
so in some sense we've got to revitalize
democracy and then engage in the hard
fight to convince people at the
Democratic level what they ought to do
when I read the political science on
this stuff I think that you I think that
what you end up having our highly
polarized highly ideological highly
involved people and then folks who and
this isn't many ways the most salient
polarization in American politics who
just don't care all that much and
there's really interesting research at
Summa by a guy named David Brookman over
at Berkeley that folks who just don't
care that much if I'm recalling this
paper write it so much that they are
moderate although they often appear so
in polls it's that when you pull them
they have extreme views in all kinds of
different directions they're not
coherent ly organized by an ideology the
way a hardcore conservative is or we're
hardcore liberal is they have views that
are somewhat vague are and you can I
think kind of imagine that following any
sort of way
it might follow that what they want is a
more inspiring politics of politics they
can trust they might want a politics
people work together or it might turn
out that when you have to cut through to
people who are listening with a volume
to down solo do you actually have to
scream much louder I don't know this is
all very speculative but I think it's an
interesting question that would have to
be yeah this actually is completely code
consistent with great work that's been
done to demonstrate the polarized
Americans are the politically active
Americans and the non politically active
or not polarized maybe it's because
they're mixed in this way but maybe
they're just more moderate in their view
um but then again if you think about the
business model of funding a campaign
when you do it at $50.00 pops you create
an incredible incentive for politicians
to figure out how to get those people
engaged now in that system
you know $50 a voter is about seven
billion dollars which is about three
times the total amount raised and spent
in the last congressional election so
it's real money but the point is to
raise that money you're not talking to
the tiniest fraction of the 1% you're
talking to the wide range of potential
people who could be supporting you so it
spreads out the funder influence and in
doing that it removes what I think is
the core corrosive dynamic of the
currents way in which we fund elections
which is to create this incredible
incentive to bend government and policy
to make this tiny tiny number of people
happy so that they fund your campaigns
you
