if there are a lot of measures that show
women are less confident in very
different ways some of them have to do
with salary you've probably seen some of
them are when women get out of college
or Business School they tend to ask for
approximately twenty to thirty percent
less money than the men do and in fact
when asked whether they deserve they
also say they deserve less money than
the men do a great study that we found
by Hewlett Packard that has since been
replicated about promotion women tend to
put their hand up for a job permission
when they feel they have roughly 100
percent of the qualifications for the
job men will do it at sixty percent so
you can imagine what that means over the
course of her career also some studies
done by two psychologists who looking at
confidence they've given college
students tests in math and science
mostly they found that the the spores
were the same but when the women were
asked before they knew how they had done
how they thought they'd done on these
tests they always underestimate how
they've done by a large margin the men
overestimate how they've done
and the most interesting test for us
really in some ways was one that Zach s
DS ran about spatial ability and
confidence and he used spatial ability
because it's viewed as something that
men tend to be better at in IQ tests men
are often seen as better at that in
women at verbal ability
so the original scores came back yes the
women did worse but he started looking
at why and it was that the women weren't
answering a lot of the questions and
when he said everybody has to answer all
of the questions the scores were almost
the same and then another twist when he
said everybody answer all the questions
then after each question he said how
confident are you of that answer
the women's scores dropped again so just
bringing up confidence in the test at
all Forrester dropping the scores there
are a couple parts of the book in
drawing out the implications of those
findings that are really depressing on
some level so I think you might step
back from that and say yo that's great
if men are overconfident fools and women
correctly have more humility about what
like we as fallible human beings know
about the world that's gonna be a huge
advantage for women and then you
actually run the numbers and you find
know that people projecting
overconfidence in the workplace in
academic settings ends up being a huge
advantage a guy out at Berkeley Cameron
Anderson who studies overconfidence he
has found that in many cases
overconfidence is valuable that
confidence can be more important than
competence and for us that's such a
clear divide because women strive to be
competent when we think if we just do a
good job somebody's gonna notice and
move us to the next level and what he's
found is no people who are actually not
just confident that slightly
overconfident there get more success
they're viewed as leaders of the pack
their ideas carry more weight we were
depressed yes naturally and we went back
to people some of the scientists we
talked with who study confidence in rats
really brilliant guy at Cold Spring
Harbor labs Adam capex who screws these
electrodes onto these rats heads and
runs them through tests he put it the
best to us Adam capex because he said
confidence ultimately should be a
calibration tool
your life a really important compass and
at the end of the day you want it to
reflect reality but you want it you want
to have a little bit of overconfidence
because that's what will spur you to act
and if you don't have a little bit more
confidence than maybe your ability would
call for you might not do anything then
you have the flip of it so on the one
hand you find that confidence is
important for getting ahead in life but
there are a lot of manifestations of
confidence yes that when men put them
forward are considered to be very
attractive and when women put them
forward to just people on about it
the women are then spoken about behind
their backs as a bitch right there's a
study you guys mention about female CEOs
they're judged is more confident when
they talk less yes and male CEOs are
judges more confident when they talk
more and so to me what was depressing
about the book which is kind of this
confidence bind on the one hand society
is built to reward confidence but kind
of only in men well not I think we are
in a bind to some extent right now for a
certain period of time but I think the
landscape is changing quickly I think
with certain generations of male
managers men who are you know boomers
and older there may be a sense that that
kind of traditional looking confidence
is what is valued but more and more
what's so what's is exciting is that the
way we work in the workplace women is is
really valued people see that listening
conciliation negotiation that let a lack
of hierarchy that is actually what's
valuable in the 21st century workplace
and so this is happening you know
christine lagarde put put this paradox
to as best she said you know you we
can't in pursuing confidence which is
necessary for women we can't try to be
like men because we're gonna lose all of
those other qualities we have to dare
the difference we have to make a virtue
of the fact that we're doing something
different whenever you look at studies
like these you have to think about the
fact they describe in the world as is
and that's a really important thing to
do but
how do you both prepare deal with the
world as is trying to make a world where
maybe a certain amount of just being an
arrogant asshole is not hugely selected
for I didn't say put it quite that
harshly
one of the questions that our requests
you have to be a jerk I think this it's
it's so interesting to think about what
the workplace would look like if it were
completely run by women or had been
created by women I mean again to come
back to Christine Lagarde she was
talking about a panel she was on at
Davos look for women and one man and she
said the man just kept interrupting
everybody and I of course being a TV
journal I said well yes of course and
that's what women need to learn to do I
mean we have to interrupt her we're
never gonna get stuck well no actually
in that setting he seemed really rude
you have a daughter
yeah and so you're you know raising a
young woman and you have all of this
data in your head I mean what is it
say then about being a parent like what
do you again I guess do differently or
how do you implement doing everything
wrong you know what am i doing so my my
daughter is a tomboy and is actually not
a girl who wants perfection and that
this is one thing we've talked about
with with what happens with our girls
today is that it's not that they're they
feel that they can't do things they
don't know girl grows up thinking I
can't be an astronaut anymore it's that
they're so focused on getting everything
right that they're not learning to screw
up and they're not learning to fail and
then realize that oh okay I could take a
risk I fail so what I mean they get all
the way through college and it's like
and soon they don't want to go you know
try to join a new company they don't
want it they really are worried about
this and so I have been trying to
embrace this side of my daughter more
which is it's difficult I mean she is
doesn't wanna comb her hair doesn't want
to dress a certain way doesn't sometimes
didn't care if she turns her homework in
that was not me at all and I just think
okay so this may be this is gonna be
good for her she'll learn that maybe it
is okay not to turn your homework in or
it's not but I'm gonna try to step back
a little bit and
it's also refreshing to feel for parents
that failures okay
that that you can step back and watch
your child fail and it's painful but
that if you can also then at the same
time of yourself wow great life lesson
it stops you from wanting to jump in and
and fix it so what is the single lesson
that you think men should take from the
buck a lot of people you know people
have been asking us that too and some of
the talks we've been giving men have
been have been saying what is there
something we can do I'd like to make
this about I think it's really important
for men to understand that that women
are not always maybe their female
colleagues are just not always speaking
up about their own accomplishments and
if if men care about it to give them a
nudge I mean this is what we've actually
said in the book - that the best thing
you can do for a colleague or a friend
or a daughter is not oh it's okay you're
great you're great really tell me more
yes
you know what get out there and do that
what what go ahead with what do you have
to lose and give a little push that
women often need that little push that
men just don't seem to need although
some men do it's funny because I feel
like all the relationship advice until
like this moment in my life has been do
not respond to people being upset by
confidently giving them advice on how to
solve their problems dr. Phil no this is
yes I think I'm I don't know that I'm
speaking about relationship advice
because that's true I'm trying to think
I'd want my husband saying what's wrong
with you just get out there and do it
but I do think in the workplace a nudge
or a have you thought about this why
don't you think about that I mean it
really the Murry Wilson who ran for a
long time the the White House project
which is all about getting women in
politics said that they have found with
all the studies they've done over the
years that women just don't naturally
look in the mirror as she said it see
themselves as senators but all it takes
is one
listen saying to them you should run for
City Council and that push is what can
make the difference
