a mass extinction is just defined as a
moment in time which is a geologically
speaking a short moment in time when the
diversity of life on earth plummets one
very well-known paleontologist has
described the whole history of life as
as long periods of boredom interrupted
occasionally my pen and these are the
moments of panic and your chances as a
species of going extinct at any you know
given moment are very very low except
during moments of mass extinction when
they skyrocket in the case of the five
major mass extinctions of the last half
billion years roughly three-quarters of
all species have been eliminated at
those moments and then after that
diversity starts to pick up again but it
takes somewhere usually between five and
ten million years for that recovery
process to take place and your thesis
with one of these you've seen is it we
might be causing another bbq's yes
we're really in year to extinction
so we see stories all the day there's
just a story but I think it was today
about how you know lemurs 90% of all
lemurs on Madagascar not in percent of
the species are endangered many are
critically endangered down to like 18
individuals so we're just like oh
another extinction is if that's
something that happens all the time but
what what history shows us is that if
you view as recline you know can see one
species going extinct in the course of
your lifetime right you're a young man
you've already the species have already
gone extinct in your lifetime something
really unusual is going on you should
not be able to see a single species of
mammal go extinct in your lifetime and
how what what level of dial are we
talking you need yeah so Jim rise to
mass extension or even a minor mass
extinction well the minor mass
extinction is a little bit a little bit
fuzzy but the major ones the five are
they're sometimes called the big five
the cut off if you if you will is
roughly three-quarters of all species on
the planet I'll disappear in as I say in
a relatively short amount of time I
think it is at this point conventional
wisdom though as you write it it hasn't
always been that the extinction the mass
extinction led to the death of the
dinosaurs was a nasty at hitting the
earth but what are the kinds of events
because I don't think folks know I
didn't know the other for Ray what are
the kinds of events have been
recognizing that not everything is fully
proven yeah that have typically been
behind these kinds of extinction events
well it's it's it's sort of an
unfinished story as you say when when
the what's called the the impact
hypothesis that you know that an
asteroid impact was what ended the
Cretaceous period and get in the the the
dinosaurs in the hole what's known as
the whole Mesozoic fauna there's this
whole fauna that that disappeared at
that moment and when that was confirmed
only in the 90s only let's say 20 years
ago people went back and they sort of
thought well we're going to find an
asteroid impact at all of these
junctures that would make sense I'd be
very elegant you know and we're good
that and they really looked hard and
they couldn't find any evidence of that
and now the general there's a sort of a
consensus that the first one which
happened 440 million years ago when most
of life was confined to the water was
caused by this snap sort of glaciation
world suddenly got very cold so that's
the working hypothesis there the most
severe mass extinction of all time was
about two nor fifty million years ago at
the end of the Permian period and it
seems pretty clear that that was caused
by some kind of massive outpouring of
carbon dioxide which caused really
serious global warming and acidified the
oceans change the chemistry of the
oceans very radically and one of the
really sobering things to think about is
that is what we're doing massively born
carbon dioxide into the air and into the
water so increasingly people are drawing
parallels between what we're doing and
the worst mass extinction of all time so
what do we think happened I mean
obviously at that period we didn't have
a lot of STDs from God so how did all
the avid oxide get released well you
right you put your finger on a big
scientific mystery to be honest
Incredibles yeah yeah where did it come
from it's so it was so much carbon
dioxide that's very been very difficult
for people to even think of what the
source might be and and the sort of lead
candidate is a sort of burst of
volcanism these volcanic events that
happen and create these huge what are
called igneous provinces a lot of
Siberia is covered with this ancient
lava from this event that's sort of the
lead candidate but people who have tried
to date that they've had those dates
have not exactly lined up so we're not
sure not exactly sure and one of the
really terrifying parts of your almost
non-stop terrifying book is that the
quantity of carbon
we're emitting at the moment every day
every year every month of year is not
just similar to but potentially faster
than the carbon dioxide emission that
led to vadik's yes yes yes people who
have looked at tried to compare what we
can tease out I mean scientists have
come up with amazing methods of you know
fallings cold cases a 250 million year
old you know murder mystery of teasing
out from things like shells the bodies
of shells and things like that how much
carbon was poured into the atmosphere at
that point in time and have concluded
that the rate that we are pouring co2
into the air is certainly comparable and
perhaps greater than was occurring then
so this I thought was one of the really
fascinating like conceptual things open
book but I had not I think ever
understood or put my finger on before
which is the thing you really emphasize
is the rate of change in kind of the
rules of survival so the issue is not
that the world has not changed before so
as it does on very slow geologic time
frames but that in these mass extinction
events it's usually not necessarily the
the singular impact or the one or the
you know it's not that everybody dies in
the lava it's that oftentimes what
happens in changes temperature changes
the climate it changes the oceans and it
does so at a rate of change that
organism simply can't adapt to the way
you say it in the book is that the rules
of life change more rapidly than that
then life can actually keep alright um
and all of those fascinating because I
think that that that is in some ways to
me what really offends or is a problem
with our intuition on global warming
that things seem to us with our tiny
blink of the geologic eye lifespans to
be happening slowly it's not right that
much warmer was than a week ago but that
in terms of the earth and in terms of
how rapidly species evolved this is like
shocking dramatic fast-forward training
montage style
change absolutely I mean that is really
the heart you know of the book and when
you think of try to think about things
in the in the grand scale which is what
a lot of the scientists you know that I
went out with paleontologists biologists
are trying to do you know one theme that
came through and a lot of their remarks
was it we will look back this event you
know our whole human history all of
every since our species evolved will be
compressed eventually in geological time
you know down to this very thin layer
like we look back on the past and see
this very thin layer that represents say
at the end of the Cretaceous period and
changes occurring so fast that it will
look not just similar to an asteroid
impact because you know the difference
between a year a hundred years a
thousand years is erased in in
geological time so that's absolutely
right that what we say well you know
things are not changing that quickly in
in in this whole course of geological
history things are changing very very
rapidly and just to give one example
that I think people can relate to or or
understand you know the Arctic ice cap
okay which has been there for millions
of years is probably going to be gone in
your lifetime you're going to be able to
go to the North Pole in the summertime
and swim around paddle around if you're
very you know we're in the Polar Bear
Club or whatever and that is a huge
change on the surface of the earth and
it will occur you know in the lifetime
of a lot of people who are alive today I
want to ask the same question here from
two different directions first direction
is I think in some ways this sort of
selfish unit direction so you would know
and I don't remember off the top of my
head what the what a plausible estimate
of the percentage of all species it will
die off over the period of what you
might think of this extinction
comprising and I think the question some
people sometimes ask is who cares who
cares if there are fewer kinds of snails
fewer kinds of bats right um some of the
things in the book I think animagic away
anything great those bats will not be
around ready to freak me out so we could
lead to this incredible
die off in species diversity but who
cares what are we getting as a mouse out
of having all these different kinds of
animals in the tropics a well I get
asked that question all the time and I
sort of have to two answers for one is
you know we're talking about life on
this planet the diversity and I think
many people would say even if you know
they live in the middle of Manhattan or
the middle of DC the beauty and variety
of the planet and it is unraveling and
it took tens of millions of years to
evolve to this point and it's unraveling
very very quickly and so one you know
sort of got response I guess I have is
if you don't care about that you know
I'm just not sure what you'd care about
you know what what would what would you
care about and on a more kind of okay
you know if you don't if you don't if
you still don't care I would say I would
go back to one of the quotes that you
alluded to before which is that at these
moments of mass extinction it seems that
the rules of the survival game change
and once very dominant groups for
example the dinosaurs the dinosaurs were
not doing anything wrong there's nothing
wrong with the dinosaurs and they were
they were gone 100 percent of them were
gone we don't know exactly why you know
why they were particularly vulnerable
but they're gone and you know when
you're changing the rules of the
survival game as we are then you don't
know where that that game is going to
end out well so and that gets to in some
ways the other direction I want that's
that question I kept imagining reading
your book this book being read by
somebody 5,000 years ago by an alien I'm
sorry not five years ago 5,000 years
from now and that's a far from a certain
perspective it is such a monstrous thing
to imagine that we know that we are
killing off a tremendous quantity like
not just a lot of it but a lot of life
on this planet right and it's just fine
it's inconvenient to think about it
would be difficult maybe to change it
would just be a hassle and so we just
kind of don't worry about it I mean I
think to somebody with a somewhat larger
in our own to imagine that there was a
species existed here briefly at this
point in the sort of span of a living of
organic evolution and just didn't really
care that it was wiping everything else
out I don't think we would be judged
kindly by that society no I don't think
we would and you know obviously I'm
going to argue having you know written
on this subject that that we shouldn't
be judged Conley one of the scientists
that I went out with to the Great
Barrier Reef a guy named Ken caldera
who's out at Stanford made the point to
me when we were out on the reef which is
you know the Great Barrier Reef which is
under siege absolutely but it's still a
fantastic fantastic place look if the if
the Romans right who are whom we feel a
pretty significant me no connection to
had burned through all the fossil fuels
the way we are burning through now this
reef would not exist right it would
already be gone at the rate that we are
burning through fossil fuels there are
very very robust predictions that coral
reefs will start to disappear around the
middle of this century okay there will
be no more quarries by the end of this
century so you know the rate at which
we're doing these things this once again
gets back to rate and then I thought
that was a really interesting
perspective right I mean we are we are
not that far from the Romans uh and yet
you know had they done what we did the
world would be a totally different place
right and then you know I think there's
another way of looking at this which is
that this kind of die-off is a warming
system for us to I mean I think that
there is an impression human beings are
ingenious or innovative we come up with
new plans we come up with new ways we
live in places nobody ever thought we
could live and yet you think about
things like the asteroid hitting the
earth there's a lot we actually can't
survive earthquakes fires rip through
work divorce and it turns out that
oftentimes tsunamis in the face of
really tremendous natural disaster
change our capacity to endure is not
only what we'd hoped back in 2006 when
you wrote your last book the global sort
of goal is to keep warming
under two degrees Celsius it now looks
very clear that we're going to blow by
that we may go up to Ford's possible
that we could go higher over the next
couple hundred years that's a swing that
is bigger upward than the downward swing
to the ice age or at least is comparable
in size and it is I think a very hopeful
but not certain idea that well that
might be really bad for the snails but
we're going to be fine it isn't obvious
to me like I'm the kind of rate of
change we're doing that you know
particularly if things don't go exactly
as we hope on the innovation curve in
the next hundred years there we're going
to such an easy time handling it well
there's you know when you deal with
human beings you're you're you are
dealing with a creature that you know
what certainly one of the main points is
what my book is you are dealing with the
creatures that's very different from a
snail that has this world altering
capacity but there are two two levels at
which you have to consider the future of
human beings in humanity and one is you
know on the level of the species right
so you know species can survive if a few
individuals you know if a few dinosaurs
that survived you know we might well
still have dinosaurs but then we have
human society which is much more
vulnerable and much more interconnected
you know then then random pockets you
know of people and I think once again
this is not an original idea at all but
many you know sort of people who are
looking at at this issue and say well
okay what's really under thunders very
serious risk here what we're really
really putting at risk it's not
necessarily our own survival as a
species but because we are very clever
and you know there are a lot of us and
we live all over the planet which is
extremely unusual most species do not
but our society depends on stability you
know and if you start really a
destabilizing the natural systems on
which we depend destabilizing the
climate we we just don't know you know
what's going to happen with that and
people do point to and it's very hard to
know where the analogies lie you know
moments for example the Mayans seem to
have been
done in by a terrible drought they were
very sophisticated civilization and the
Mayan people there are still mind people
out there but my civilization collapsed
and so you know where are those
thresholds you know the book has this
fascinating dimension where it's this
incredibly beautiful travelogue of the
apocalypse wait for a lot of species it
remember I was thinking back to that
book that it's big a couple years ago
100 places to see before you die this is
kind of like a dozen that you got to see
before we kill them right right
there's in those troubles what was the
most hopeful thing you saw or that you
heard along the way yeah that's a good
that's a really good question I went to
the to the Amazon and um it's not
actually in the book but I went out into
the forest with the people who were
actually trying to sort of incentivize
to use the current term people you know
not to chop down the rainforests not to
illegally log and so we talked to some
of these people who used to make a
living and it wasn't a good living to be
honest illegally logging and for a
relatively small amount of money you
know they had been converted to people
protecting the forest and that was very
that was really a great experience in a
moving experience and it was a very
small scale thing you know it had to be
would have to be ratcheted up by you
know I'm a millionfold or whatever but
it it was a hopeful thing that people
you know who had seen themselves as
having an investment and cutting down
the forest could could turn within a
relatively short amount of time to
seeing themselves as having an
investment in it not cutting down the
forest um so I think that you know there
are ways to sort of shift our thinking
has that and that's a good example of
people who you know are living very
close to the edge of existence who could
shift their thinking and if you think
well they can do it then you think that
well those of us who really have way way
more than we ever could possibly need
could also do it Lizabeth Colbert to be
fixed extinction by a reader stopping
you
