I've been trying to tell this story for
30 years and the dominant experience
I've had is seeing the new evidence come
in at first month by month week by week
now their studies everyday practically
and it just keeps getting clearer and
stronger America is on the verge of
technological breakthroughs that will
enable us to live our lives less
dependent on oil and these technologies
will help us be better stewards of the
environment
and they will help us to confront the
serious challenge of global climate
change the evidence is sufficient but we
should move towards the most effective
possible steps to reduce carbon loading
the answer well I think we have to
accept the view that scientists have
that there is global warming and that
human operation in human condition
contributes to that I think the the
risks of climate change are real and
that you're seeing climate change I
think human activity is contributing to
it why has it taken so long senator soil
interest it's a special interest it's
that utility companies and the petroleum
companies and the other special
interests the other ones that that have
blocked progress in the in the Congress
the United States and in the
administration that's a little Straight
Talk
we don't always see eye to eye do we
Newt no but we do agree our country must
take action to address climate change
I believe that climate change is real
it's not just a greenhouse gas issue
it's a national security issue they have
an obligation to
two generations to take action and fix
it the Senate is doing gonna do
something today beginning a debate on
global warming a comprehensive bill to
deal with climate change that has
favorably reported out of a Senate
committee the yeas are 48 the nays are
36 three-fifths of the Senators duly
chosen and sworn not having voted in the
affirmative the motion is not agreed to
I believe that man's activities
certainly can be contributing to the
issue of global warming climate change
here in Alaska the only Arctic state in
our union of course we see the effects
of climate change more so than any other
area I think most members think that the
climate change is a serious issue that
needs to be addressed the question is
how do you address it and we've never
gotten into the the debate and the
discussion about the consequences of
trying to deal with it
we need to ultimately make clean
renewable energy the profitable kind of
energy so I asked this Congress to send
me legislation that places a
market-based cap on carbon pollution and
drives the production of more renewable
energy in America a sweeping climate
change bill that's top item on President
Obama's agenda last night only eight
Republicans cross the aisle to vote with
most Democrats for the bill 44 Democrats
joined most Republicans in voting
against it stolen emails from top
researchers were posted online global
warming skeptics saying those emails
suggest that scientists may have worked
together to manipulate global warming
data defenders say those emails are
being used out of context President
Obama has said that people are justified
and being disappointed by the outcome of
the Copenhagen climate change conference
last week in an interview on US
television mr. Obama acknowledged that
nothing had been done to achieve a
significant cut in greenhouse gases but
he said that the non-binding agreement
reached in Denmark was better than
nothing top US scientists urged drastic
action today to slow global warming for
the first time the National Academy of
Sciences called for a specific change in
climate
see it recommended a carbon tax on
fossil fuels or a cap-and-trade system
for greenhouse gas emissions Senate
Democrats push the climate bill off the
table and into a very uncertain future
ahead of November's midterm elections
and I'll take dead aim at the
cap-and-trade bill the Republican
takeover of the house is likely to
change the political climate on the
issue of global warming and it is safe
to say that the president's
cap-and-trade legislation that whole
idea is virtually dead Republicans say
they will scrap the Select Committee on
global warming speaker designate John
Boehner called the panel quote a forum
to promote Democrats job-killing
national energy tax also known as
cap-and-trade but when you have over 90%
of the world scientists who have studied
this stating that climate change is
occurring and that humans play a
contributing role it's time to defer to
the experts listen when you when you
make comments that fly in the face of
what ninety eight out of a hundred
climate scientists have said when you
call into question the science of
evolution all I am saying is that in
order for the Republican Party to win we
can't run from science the science is
not settled on this me and I tell
somebody said just because you have a
group of scientists that stood up and
said here is the fact Galileo
got outvoted first Bell my view is that
we don't know what's causing climate
change on this planet and the idea of
spending trillions and trillions of
dollars to try and reduce co2 emissions
is not the right course for us the White
House today finalized new gas mileage
standards that would eventually double
the fuel efficiency of new cars and
trucks to an average fifty four and a
half miles per gallon by 2025 Obama
can't get through climate change
legislation so the EPA is gonna use its
authority to do what it can in that
regard President Obama promised to begin
to slow the rise of the oceans
and they heal the planet my promise is
to help you and your family seventy-four
percent of US Senate Republicans
publicly questioned the science of
global warming but this is a challenge
that does not pause for partisan
gridlock it demands our attention now
the age of the dinosaurs was
dramatically warmer than this is right
now and it didn't cook the planet and in
fact life is fine you convinced the
climate change is man-made well I look I
don't know that that is a resolved issue
in science today you do not think that
human activity that the production of
co2 has caused warming tomorrow I do not
believe that human activity is causing
these dramatic changes to our climate
the way these scientists are portraying
it do you believe in man-made climate
change Democrats 83% say yes yet
Republicans 36% say yes it is now as
more divisive than abortion yet fires in
recent years become ideology it's become
partisan the Obama administration has
just rolled out a new rule to cut carbon
dioxide emissions from power plants the
proposal from the Environmental
Protection Agency cut co2 emissions by
30 percent by 2030 some Democrats in
coal mining states wanted to hold off
until after the midterm elections in
November the world's top climate panel
has issued its diarist appeal to date on
the need to stop global warming in a new
report the United Nations
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change says continued emissions of
greenhouse gases will cause further
warming and long-lasting changes in all
components of the climate system
increasing the likelihood of severe
pervasive and irreversible impacts
scientists report that 2014 was the
hottest year in recorded history for the
planet and that dates back to 1880
satellite data demonstrate for the last
17 years there's been zero warming none
whatsoever we are seeing these horrible
that reports are now in Palmyra they're
executing people in leaving their bodies
in the streets meanwhile the President
of the United States is saying that the
biggest enemy we have is climate change
we've had one record-setting year after
another as far as as as far as the the
heat on this planet so I don't buy that
Joe what did mean you don't buy I just
don't buy the fact that it's a crisis I
don't buy the fact that it's a crisis I
just don't what I think that there'll be
little change here it'll go up it'll get
a little cooler get a little warmer like
it always has for millions of years
it'll get cooler it'll get warmer it's
called weather I think it's a big scam
for a lot of people to make a lot of
money and my first inaugural address I
committed this country to the tireless
task of combating climate change and
protecting this planet for future
generations
two weeks ago in Paris I said before the
world that we needed a strong global
agreement to accomplish this goal an
enduring agreement that reduces global
carbon pollution and sets the world on a
course to a low-carbon future a few
hours ago we succeeded question now is
this agreement just paper or will it
lead to crucial steps needed to make it
something truly historic feeling the
heat so is planet Earth federal
scientists announced today that 2015 was
the warmest year on record with land and
ocean temperatures nearly 2 degrees
above average a major setback tonight
for President Obama's climate change
initiatives the US Supreme Court stepped
in to put the centerpiece of President
Obama's Climate Change agenda on hold
pending the outcome of judicial appeals
in the lower courts from statement comes
just a couple days after he released his
first energy plan he says he would quote
cancel the Paris climate deal and
promote more fossil fuels in the United
States Donald thinks that climate change
is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese I
think it's real please we cannot keep
sending
climate deniers and defeatist to
Congress or state houses and certainly
not to the White House NASA and NOAA
scientists today declared 2016 the
hottest year on record out of the 17
hottest years on record 16 have occurred
since 2000 the United States will
withdraw from the Paris climate Accord
German Chancellor Angela Merkel called
it extremely regrettable Canadian Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau called it
disheartening and the Vatican went
further saying mr. Trump's decision was
a disaster for everyone
meanwhile President Trump is ending
Obama's signature environmental policy
that limits carbon emissions from power
plants at burn coal speaking to an
audience in Kentucky yesterday EPA
Administrator Scott Pruett said that the
regulation violated federal law and
declared that the war on coal is over
2017 was the third warmest year on
record the six hottest years have all
been since 2010 the window of
opportunity to prevent global climate
chaos is not yet closed but according to
a landmark report it will require action
on an unprecedented scale the messages
over to governments at this stage we've
told you the scientific facts the
evidence the course it is up to the
government snow to decide what to do
with it
you
