if you've ever gone to a swimming pool
you may be familiar with the pool smell
you know the one it's stinky and kind of
tingles your nose when you catch a whiff
of it the sweet smell of chlorine I'm
smiling because that's not a good sign
it's a sign people have been doing a bit
more than just swimming scientists from
the University of Alberta calculated
that one commercial sized swimming pool
contained almost twenty gallons of urine
even though Michael Phelps told the Wall
Street Journal I think everybody pees in
the pool chlorine kills it so it's not
bad
chlorine doesn't exactly work like that
peeing in pools is gross and it can make
people sick too
a healthy pool has little or no chemical
smell if you if you have a chemical
smell in the pool you probably have what
we call aura means chloramines are
formed when cleaning agents like
chlorine mix with organic compounds
we're talking sweat dirt body oils and
yes urine it can irritate the skin lungs
and eyes the more urine sweat and other
organic materials in a pool the less
efficient chlorine is at killing the
real nasty stuff
pull disinfectants work by destroying a
pathogens membrane and proteins chlorine
is effective against many germs but not
everything is killed instantly
while it can kill eco I within a minute
it can take over seven days for chlorine
to penetrate the cell wall of
Cryptosporidium our biggest cause of
outbreaks is Cryptosporidium
Cryptosporidium is a parasite that
causes prolonged watery diarrhea we're
talking about diarrhea for two to three
weeks and otherwise healthy people left
to their own devices bacteria can start
to colonize and grow into something more
biofilm can potentially be found on any
surface that's been wet its bacteria
that's accumulated so much it creates
his own protective layer against
chlorine and other disinfectants between
2000 and 2014 there were 493 outbreaks
were ported from treated recreational
waters besides not swarming the water
there are a couple of ways to be safer
and may pulls less growth knowing if
there's enough chlorine in the water is
a good first step there's free test
strips available at healthy pools org
for pools and other swimming areas and
interactive fountains or water
playgrounds where you see that water
shooting out of the concrete we
recommend at least one part per million
or milligram per liter if you're sick or
have insect two weeks prior stay away
from the pool take a quick shower before
swimming and just don't pee in the pool
yeah I know it's gross
