imagine you get an email from Netflix
saying your account is suspended
it looks so official it even uses your
name but this email is not real it's a
personalized targeted hacking attempt
called spear phishing and it's getting
harder and harder to tell a real email
from a dangerous one cyber criminals
aren't just targeting random individuals
for credit card info CEOs and big
companies like Sony Facebook and Google
have all been duped and of course
the Russian government hackers
penetrated the computer network of the
Democratic National Committee
WikiLeaks just recently published a
bunch of these emails and all it took
was one phishing email it was a pretty
standard spear phishing attack an
employee at the Democratic Congressional
Campaign Committee known as the
d-triple-c got an email that looked like
a Google security alert asking her to
log in and change her password it looked
legitimate and that was the point it was
actually sent by Russian hackers they
installed malware that took screenshots
of what she was doing and they tracked
her every key she typed when she logged
into the D triple C's Network the
Russians could - from there they had
access to all sorts of documents
opposition research field operation
plans bank accounts they even installed
malware into at least nine other
computers one of those computers
belonged to an employee who also had
access to the Democratic National
Committee using the same methods as
before the Russians were able to log
into the DNC network once inside they
stole thousands of emails later released
during the convention debbie Wasserman
Schultz has announced she will resign as
head of the Democratic National
Committee
it comes after those leaked DNC emails
all because of that one phishing email
the Russians also sent phishing emails
to 76 people within the Clinton campaign
including campaign chairman John Podesta
this was the actual email he received a
Google security notice telling him to
click the link to change his password
his chief of staff thought the email
seemed fishy so she sent it to the
campaign's IT staff an IT staffer agreed
it was suspect an instructed Podesta to
change his password immediately but in
his haste he wrote legitimate when he
meant to say illegitimate the rest is
history the ongoing dump of hacked
emails from the account of Clinton
campaign chairman John Podesta every day
a new batch and the Clinton campaign
knows this could be a problem for them
every day until Election Day so how do
you prevent this from happening to you
well first take Clinton's IT guys advice
setup two-factor authentication on
everything you can but that's not even a
guaranteed safeguard if you get an
unexpected
examine the URL closely and just in case
don't click the link in the email go
directly to the website instead but
you're actually more likely to see that
phishing link on your phone not just in
an email but in a text or messaging app
too 56% of people click on mobile
phishing leaks ultimately if you think
something looks fishy don't take the
bait
