you China but
it certainly feels like every Britain
come come under British rule has grown a
modern western city in an eastern city
and right in the center of downtown Hong
Kong or the British Cricket Club browse
cricket has been played on these grounds
since 1880
Hong Kong is a peculiar place it's a
British colony until just 1997 and
because of that the British culture here
is so visible this ferry was set up by
the British
day and night the five star ferry comes
and goes providing pork Harbor
transportation is transferred by the
British to go to London you'll see
double-decker buses that actually look
exactly like the bus is here so many is
this street names Road names are British
the favorite Happy Valley racetrack
Vidya Denise the most beautiful in the
east
rolling through this park and I stumbled
upon a legit bowling-green
a place where they play Bulls old old
old British sport that is just right
here in the middle of Hong Kong the
British brought good administration and
a gracious way of living typifies buy
these homes and apartments on Victoria
Peak
around the late 1600s early 1700s
Brittany started trading with China
we're gonna had all sorts of stuff that
the West wanted porcelain silk but there
was one thing that Britain loved more
than anything else the herb called tea
Twain it was really the only place on
earth that was producing tea on a
massive scale and the people back in
Britain became totally hooked on
but there was one snag for the British
government when it came to the tea trade
which is that the Chinese emperor would
only take pure silver bullion basically
coins and like bars of silver in
exchange for tea that was the deal and
the British were fine with that they
were like whatever man will pay for this
such a valuable thing eventually
britain's treasury ran really low on
silver and it became a national crisis
so britain came up with a horribly
unethical solution to their T silver
problem
they started smuggling in opium the
highly addictive narcotic that was
illegal in China Brittany would sell
this opium in exchange for Chinese
silver which they then used to buy tea
and this was the solution to their
problem an illegal drug trade which is
just mind-blowing the Chinese government
caught on to this illegal drug trade and
they cracked down they seized all the
opium and through 20000 chests of opium
into the sea Britain wasn't happy about
China's seizing all of its opium so it
showed up with this big gunboats and
started a war the opium wars they
eventually negotiated a series of peace
deals and a part of those deals was that
China was going to give this rocky
island that didn't really have many
people living on it - Brittany in the
text of the treaty they put that the
British will have Hong Kong for 99 years
but the diplomat who negotiated the
treaty said later that in his mind 99
years was quote as good as forever
meaning had no intention of ever giving
it back so Britain's thirst for tea
brought them into a war with China that
eventually gave them a new colony Hong
Kong Aran Asia Hong Kong a British
colony a tourist paradise for duty-free
shopping China communist China lies only
a few miles away just across the border
just walked into the Scriptures store to
meet Billy is a historian here and we're
just looking at a bunch of maps which is
like my kind of activity I'm only got I
saw some peacock I why I why I enjoy
both some would come again what song gap
or cowcatcher so one of the things the
British did as soon as they got here as
they started drawing their own borders
in the city to divide them from the
local Chinese alia two guys in Hollywood
Tony Hawk as I thought I don't go yet
Danka - Dina - hi eman out so incredi
coaching that I saw yogurt Infante uncle
mahjongg Tehama what take a son would
didn't I Kings are getting higher
funding
now let's talk about tea again it
remains a symbol as to the different
culture that exists here in Hong Kong
British influence versus the changing
the British prefer milk in their tea
with crumpets and scones and little
cakes whereas the Chinese will tell you
they do not pervert their tea with milk
and they drink tea with dim sum little
buns and and cakes
a British cheese situation looks very
different these two traditions played
out side-by-side in the city for many
years in a divided way with the Chinese
down and their crowded slums drinking
their tea in their tea houses and the
British up on the hills in their
aristocratic
sipping their milk tea but eventually
over time those boundaries dissolved and
the two cultures started to blend and
fuse together in some cheek opening
decedent era man man
okay so chunk Oriental Hotel yeah secant
oh yeah we are talking get some luck
again back to where today the tea
culture has cropped up that is a perfect
fusion of the two
but I hate to break it to you Britain 99
years is not forever like the British
diplomat thought it was going to be the
actual Honda of a ceremony is about to
start
British role officially comes to an end
with a handover ceremony just before
midnight a five star flag of China soon
to be sovereign over Hong Kong again
I should like on behalf of Her Majesty
the Queen and of the entire British
people to express our thanks admiration
affection and good wishes to all the
people of Hong Kong the stroke of
midnight the red star flag of China will
go up what we it was purely like being
abandoned there was Prior this nascent
like the Chinese values
I guess the Western values and identity
of a citizen is not like determined by
your passport or something
is something like to treasure the
culture living it we feel lost Britain
giving Hong Kong back to China is the
beginning of a new chapter for the city
and so next week I'm going to explain
what happens when China tries to erase
this border between Hong Kong and
Mainland China and how the people here
are resisting
