welcome to New York City home of Pizza
rat subway rat and escalator rat this is
a town of rats and those rats have to be
studied by people with flashlights one
of those people is rodent ologist Bobby
Corrigan I'm an urban rodent ologist so
I I studied just the rodents of cities
nobody knows exactly how many rats there
are in the city but it's estimated that
there could be millions and that's great
news because the more rats you have the
better I'm totally kidding obviously
it's hard to imagine a creature that's
more despised than a street rat but is
it really their fault rats carry some
pretty gnarly diseases like e.coli
Salmonella and West Nile virus as well
as rat bite fever which despite how it
sounds was not an obscure 50s dance
craze in 2014 Columbia University
studied rats inside residential
buildings in New York and found that
their even grosser than we thought the
research confirmed that urban rats
carried 15 pathogens and 18 viruses that
had never been seen before in the city I
went to Chinatown in Manhattan with
Bobby to see what's enabling these
critters to live their best rat life I
look for what I call you know conducive
conditions I mean just look at the
gutter
it's especially by five six o'clock this
gutter is a complete buffet here's a bag
of food trash way to come from who knows
you can see this little basket is just
it's a simple ladder right up this in
and in and then out and then a nice rat
cave so Bobby what else helps them
trains planes automobiles sewer lines
electrical lines you name it and this
animal is usually taken advantage of it
any crack or crevice that is a half an
inch in height and width is easy
opportunity for the riot to darken -
let's not get run over
you'll notice here this big giant gap
below this door a rat would not even
have to dock there getting to whatever's
on the other side of that that warm door
it's as simple as putting in a rat strip
at the base of a door which costs the
whole of $85 so it'd be silly not to do
that you know the word rodent means to
gnaw so anything that's linear like a
wire on an airplane or a wire on a
subway or the wire that's in your own
home then there norm died and that's a
problem it's actually a really big
problem every year in the u.s. it's
estimated that rats cause nineteen
billion dollars worth of damage so how
much of our behavior contributes to the
success of the city right it's a lot the
amount of solid waste humans generate
every year has been steadily rising for
decades our behavior is one of the
biggest reasons rats prosper in cities
if something as simple as installing a
door strip can help keep rats in check
then why do we spend our time making
viral videos about how disgusting they
are instead of fixing the problem we can
be really lazy and we don't think
through things there's lots of things we
can do on a daily basis within a city
that would deny the right its existence
so I'm just one person out of say eight
to ten million New Yorkers what can I do
it's actually pretty simple
everybody generates somewhere between
four and six pounds of trash every 24
hours
be a smart mammal whatever you do in
your trash ask yourself can the rats get
to it the city's helping out too
Mayor Bill de Blasio announced a 32
million dollar plan last year that would
introduce new rat proofed trash cans so
no more wire basket rat ladders and
there'd be better trash management and
pickup as well we tend to take care of
pests after they become a problem in
other words we let them get established
and then we hire exterminators or we go
out we buy some traps all of that is
after the fact instead of doing it
proactively I don't know maybe we should
call ourselves homo reactive so is this
a hopeless fight should we just all lay
down in the trash
gutter and give up it is not true that
you can never get rid of rats that's not
true
you know what what is true is they can
be managed through human behavior this
species is very industrious hard-working
if you will
oh they have the ability to adapt to
environmental conditions that can be
pretty extreme but they're overpopulated
in many cases because human beings make
it so good for them quite frankly so in
many ways will the rat maybe outlive us
I'm gonna think it will I'm gonna think
it will
you
