Time magazine named The Silence breakers
Person of the Year for 2017 these are
the women and men who shared their
stories of assault harassment and
hostility and publicly named their
alleged abusers in Hollywood the media
and politics but if you look closer
there's something else on the cover a
hint that there are many more who don't
or can't break that silence
so while 2017 was a landmark year for
talking about sexual assault harassment
and rape a majority of the women and men
who felt violated don't speak out at all
for every 1000 rapes it's estimated that
only 310 are reported that's just under
1/3 in fact it's believed that rape is
the most underreported crime of those
reported only a fraction lead to arrest
and only a fraction of those arrests
lead to prosecution and only a fraction
of those prosecuted are incarcerated and
when it comes to harassment well a US
government report found that when men
and women were sexually harassed at work
the least common response was to
formally report it only 30 percent of
people did that means that for every
three that reported another seven
remained silent
another study cited in that EEOC report
found that of the people who reported
harassment at work seventy five percent
faced some sort of retaliation for doing
so
which explains why so few people report
their harassment fear in fact fear is
the number one reason people don't
fear of retaliation for speaking out and
this is why the silence breakers are a
big deal 2017 certainly feels like a
year in which many many more people are
speaking up in spite of that fear but
there's just so much more we don't know
even the statistics cited in this video
by their own admission over represent
the experiences of straight white women
and probably don't accurately reflect
the experiences of women of color men
lesbians gays or transgender people
which is to say that the stories of the
few Silence breakers that have come
forward are really just the tip of the
elbow for all the people remaining
silent
you
