was it that we did wrong opposite you
crossed take your camera and coordinate
across there at the red hand that is a
crosswalk one he wanted to end the
crosswalk to there is a red sign you
both crossed oh man that's a $65 ticket
of these skins my heart
you are being legally detained we just
crossed the street we just cross the
street without following the sign now
with you Oh God young man in this
video's name is Devante Shipman and he
stops right here in Jacksonville Florida
threatened with jail time for
essentially jaywalking you cross the
crosswalk
against a red hand I was sitting right
there wasn't paying no attention that's
not that you act like I really just
committed a serious crime that's worth
this time right now it is worth the time
walk to my car I'm about to put you in
jail it's not often we report on
jaywalking it's a minor infraction we've
even seen cops do it shipment would
later say one of the officers told him
he was just stopping him to make sure he
didn't have any guns knives or drugs on
him they even questioned why his friend
was wearing a hoodie you want me to walk
around with no shirt then I'm gonna look
Morris of speech apparently he got
through
damn this crazy girl Annie came in
walked across the street I guess cuz a
nigga black man came do you know I guess
like I look like I'm doing something
wrong
Shipman story isn't unique and it led us
to question exactly how many people here
in Jacksonville have experienced walking
while black
listen Smith I'm a man I am doing you a
favor
I'm not telling you again
got your ID on you your name
alright so there's another impression in
the state of Florida you have to have an
ID card on you identifying who you are I
could detain you up to seven hours until
I can figure out who you are
not only was Shipman given a 62 dollar
ticket for failing to obey pedestrian
signal he was also cited for walking
without an ID but harkens back to
troubling racist laws and to be clear
it's actually a citation that's meant
for motorists but the cop tried to give
that ticket the shipment anyway that
charge was eventually dropped the video
struck a chord with thousands of people
who shared it and here in Jacksonville
many people can relate the shipment
story why would you stop two black men
crossing that intersection I was shocked
because it's like I didn't really think
people actually get ticketed for things
like this you know what I mean like
especially not in that area you got
people that cross the intersection day
and I like continuously so I'm trying to
figure out like well I was at this
carpet this morning stopping us in
Florida there are 28 laws pedestrians
must observe while walking they include
everything from jaywalking to walking on
the wrong side of the road to failing to
cross the road at a right angle or the
shortest route yes that's a thing we
wanted to see how poverty and race
factored into who's getting these
tickets so we requested data from the
state here's what we found in the last
five years Duval County police officers
handed out 2208 pedestrian citations the
most given citation in Duval County was
for failing to cross an ax crosswalk
between adjacent intersections with
traffic lights but here's the thing we
examine those 658 citations and found
that 54% of them were not given in
locations with adjacent traffic lights
they were legally permitted to cross yet
they still received a ticket if you're
living in the counties three poorest zip
codes you're five point nine times more
likely to receive a pedestrian ticket
than anyone else in Jacksonville and if
you're black you're 2.7 times more
likely to get a pedestrian ticket than
if you're white thirty percent of
Jacksonville's population is black but
they receive fifty five percent of the
pedestrian tickets that's the highest
percentage in Florida among large
counties
with high-profile instance of black man
encountering police all across the
country Shipman decided to film hence
you got people getting shot by police
you got people getting abused it's just
broke brutality that's just non-stop so
I just felt like I just needed to record
it to prevent a situation getting
stopped for jaywalking can feel so
absurd that on more than one occasion a
person has called the cops on the cops
checks one by one what's going on there
if something is going home like a mile
down the street and I part like my
18-wheeler and in the in the parking lot
like a half a mile and I'm trying to
tell the officer then I'm parked right
there you don't want to hit nothing I
gotta say that's John Kendrick a
Jacksonville truck driver he was trying
to park his 18-wheeler in his lease
parking spot when a police officer
wouldn't let him pass through stunned he
moved his vehicle to the median and
called 911 dispatcher told him to get
the officers car number but when he
stepped off the sidewalk the officer
ordered him to the ground handcuffed him
and ticketed him for pedestrian
violation but I was in the crosswalk at
the time and he still locked me up kept
me in the squad car for about four hours
five hours on the spot the guy kept
saying that you're not gonna handle job
tomorrow you're not gonna have no job
tomorrow
Kendrick received one of 387 tickets
issued to people for walking in the
roadway where sidewalks are provided 78%
of those tickets went to black people
they just crew and they be cruel to
black people you know I just hate to say
it like that but they be cruel real good
they think that we won't fight and
that's what the problem is they they
know that that we're scared that there's
some people are scared to go to court
you know me and I I turned it out hired
a lawyer we fought and got the charges
dropped
we spoke to the Jacksonville Sheriff's
Office and they aren't concern about
disparities they believe the numbers
simply reflect who's breaking along
they also said they're enforcing the law
to keep people safe if their citation
efforts result in just one less
pedestrian death they say it's a win one
Report ranked Jacksonville the fourth
worst city in the country for pedestrian
safety but this giving pedestrian
tickets actually helped make walking
safer it's probably not a good use of
resources to be ticketing people and
having education and encourage them
enforcement programs in place to
regulate behavior that just isn't
feasible and isn't possible because of
the physical environment that's Andy
Clark who was hired by the City of
Jacksonville to consult on pedestrian
safety after a year
Clark issued a master plan and wrote
that no amount of enforcement will
change behavior in this area he
concluded that the city should invest in
better infrastructure before it writes
tickets the reality is the physical
environment the infrastructure for
walking and cycling is quite poor and
there aren't sidewalks there's a
disconnected bike lane network there's
there are very few cost walks there's
high-speed roads that have very few
opportunities to cost I mean it seems
unfortunate to say the least and
capricious are worst to be ticketing
people for behavior that just is is it
impossible to do the right thing or be
in the right place the master plan found
the Jacksonville was simply behind the
curve on pedestrian safety the city had
in map which roads had sidewalks and put
bus stops on streets they didn't have
them experts agree that writing more
pedestrian citations won't reduce the
number of accidents and the data shows
the people getting the tickets are
mostly black more likely to be poor and
then walking in a city that just wasn't
built for pedestrians
you
