something terrible happened in these
dollhouses maybe a suicide a murder a
stabbing with an adorable knife these
dollhouses are part of francis Glessner
lee's nutshell studies of unexplained
death which she made in the 1940s and
early 50s there in the Renwick gallery
of the Smithsonian art museum for a
reason they are incredibly detailed
these cans are all labeled accurately
and these dollhouses are used by law
enforcement to train and to develop
analytical capabilities but these artful
dioramas actually contain two mysteries
what happened in these houses and why
did Francis glaze nearly spend her time
and part of her fortune making them
perfect this is three room dwelling and
it's a dollhouse murder showstopper
there are 19 of these dioramas and each
one comes with a backstory
drawn from composite real crimes in this
one
Robert Cate and baby Linda may Judson
had a nice porch where the milkman
stopped by they were living the American
dream until the murders happened
as you start to sort of investigate all
the evidence the first time I approached
this case I looked at it for a couple of
hours I took tons of pictures home and I
analyzed to them for hours trying to
figure this out because it doesn't seem
like things add up there's there's a
blood stain that's in the baby's room
but it's just a blood pool and there
doesn't seem like there's any kind of
trail from it it's just sitting there
and don't know what had happened there
there's bloody footprints that are
leading into the bedroom the husband is
lying on the ground on some of the bed
coverings we have no idea how he died
he's covered in blood all over his
pajamas so it's very hard to tell three
room dwellings morbid details come from
the same mind that crafted incredibly
delicate ones there's this little
eggbeater that is down on under the
cupboard here that I like to point out
and this was apparently originally a
solid gold charm from a charm bracelet
the nut shells themselves are lit as the
rooms would be the flashlight helps you
find the evidence there's quite a lot of
evidence in these pieces that you would
probably never discover without it so
it's a fun thing to have in the
exhibition but it's also a real training
tool for you know for really
systematically looking through these
pieces and you notice the fabric on a
chair the blocks scattered on the porch
and the blood spattered on the baby's
wall because law enforcement still use
these to train it's tempting to place
CSI with these murders but notice that
Atkinson only broke down the nut shells
she didn't give away any solutions
that's partly because the solutions are
still kept secret for those in training
but mostly it's because the mystery
serves a purpose
the point of the nut shells is not to
solve them the point is to collect
detail Aeryn Bush saw the nut shells in
their home before the Renwick gallery
the Maryland Medical Examiner's Office
where they're used for training
investigate the golden nut shells is to
train your eye to see small minut
seemingly insignificant details that
stand out so the kitchen spring 1944
Robin barns is a housewife fred barnes
her husband finds her and the story is
he's he's out of the house to run an
errand he comes home he looks through
the kitchen window and he sees her
laying on the kitchen floor he can't
open the door the door's locked from the
inside the window is locked from the
inside so he calls the police the police
break the door down so this is what we
know when we arrive
she was clearly in the middle of
something she's clearly preparing a meal
there's a pie in the stove there
potatoes in the sink you don't commit
suicide if you're in the middle of
dinner but I think if you look very
closely at the stove and if you can
recognize a 1940 stove you will see that
all the gas jets are on there are a lot
of weapons in the room there's a rolling
pin and iron there is a knife on the
chair it's very possible someone hit her
over the head if you look very closely
at the door it's stuffed with newspaper
you know now we're back to suicide the
point of course was to recognize these
details and to teach investigators how
to recognize these details it's a very
different way to investigate crime than
they were used to Frances Glessner Lee
was an heir to International Harvester a
company that produced farm equipment and
other machinery her family made a
fortune part of which she eventually
used to fund miniature crime scenes
she endowed Harvard's department of
legal Medicine the first of its kind and
became an honorary police captain her
artistic obsession helped detectives
become more attentive to crime scenes
relying on evidence instead of hunches
for me as a historian when I look at
them I I don't think who did it I think
my god why is she why is she inventing
this scene the way she's inventing it
you know what's in her head and to me
that's fascinating Lee's nut shells are
as complex as the scenes they depict
they overflow detail the magazine's
crumpled on the floor the apples that
will never be eaten the body that will
never move but is so vividly rendered
that you can imagine it once did the one
hand she was this young Frances Glessner
who was this philanthropic lady who was
brought up in a fine household and the
other half of her personality was
Captain Lee and those two things did
come together sometimes
li wrote a 1952 article in the Journal
of law and criminology some years ago
the writer was greatly surprised to
learn that nowhere in America was legal
medicine as thus described being taught
the writer has for many years worked
sporadically at miniatures hence these
presented themselves as the solution
Frances Glenn's nearly died in 1962 of
natural causes
it must be understood these models are
not whodunits they cannot be solved
merely by looking at them they are
intended to be an exercise in observing
interpreting evaluating and reporting
there is no solution to be determined
the stoy is only approved for ages
dead and older
