two questions number one why is Mel
Gibson fighting a beaver puppet - how
did this movie get made the beaver is a
2011 dark comedy about depression
it is so pitch black dark it's basically
a drama with a talking beaver puppet the
movie was not a hit it was a failed
comeback attempt for Mel Gibson after
any semitic tirades duis and the
allegations of abuse but you can't
forget that this movie is deeply
unflinchingly weird it got made at a
time when the top ten movies at the box
office were all parts of larger
franchises yes
really liquor it how did this happen
allow me to briefly explain if you go to
screenwriter Kyle Killens blogspot law
there's a clue a post from December 11
2008 called blacklisted that's because
in 2008
Kyle killin landed on the top of the
blacklist since 2005 a survey called the
blacklist has recorded the most liked
unproduced screenplays bouncing around
Hollywood industry insiders submit their
favorite unproduced screenplays and then
the anonymous votes are tallied and
published it's that simple
but it's quickly become a huge source of
buzz and it's based on scripts alone and
by looking at the blacklist success you
can learn something about how all these
movies from number one to number 216
actually get me
when crinkling Leonard started his
blacklist survey he didn't have a master
plan just a big idea you have a much
greater chance of making a great movie
with a great script than you do if you
don't have one so he started something
in December 2005 the blacklist started
as a survey my job was I was working for
the anarcho-capitalist film production
company my job was to find great scripts
I felt like I was doing a very bad job
at my job I want to do a better job I
sent an email to 75 of my peers and said
send me a list of your 10 favorite
screenplays that haven't yet been
produced and in exchange I will send you
to combine list they all voted like put
it all on a spreadsheet
add a pivot table output a PowerPoint or
a quasi subversive may want it for
blacklist
this is a reference both to the
Hollywood blacklist of the McCarthy era
and the conscious inversion of the
notion that black somehow need to
signify bad and sit it out I think that
the blacklist or liquid have come into
existence at the time many things first
blacklist went viral the same weekend
that lazy Sunday went viral from
Saturday Night Live the way in which you
consume information online and the way
in which we share information online
that was I think the beginning of that
moment where like all those
relationships and all of sort of what we
were comfortable with in terms of
sharing information the better it worse
started changing suddenly a list of
great stories could show up in one place
and be distributed around the world
thanks to the internet that 2005
blacklist included future hit movies
like Juno but to understand its real
influence you have to go beyond the list
let's say getting a movie made requires
a certain amount of buzz let's make the
metaphor really literal
take 2011 stop movie Harry Potter and
the Deathly Hallows part-2 it's a
franchise last one was a hit it has huge
stars there's no question about buzz it
gets me now imagine a movie like the
beaver I think it's important to
remember that every year there are
something like 50,000 screenplays
registered at the Writers Guild every
year if you are a particularly
industrious reader maybe you'll read a
thousand screenplays a year
so obviously there's a gap of some forty
nine thousand scripts just in that
single year that are submitted to
Hollywood generally that you're not
going to read now the beaver was not
plucked from nowhere Kyle killin had
representation and it had been picked up
by a production company Steve Carell was
even attached before the 2008 blacklist
came out but this movie was not Harry
Potter winning the blacklist made the
buzz public and at the same time
sustained that buzz through actor and
director changes it kept going until a
movie about a talking beaver puppet
improbably miraculously actually got
made we just say send us a list of your
favorite screenplays that haven't yet
been produced you end up with a list
that includes everyone from Aaron Sorkin
and David Benioff and people who
literally this is their first screenplay
and they've just arrived in Hollywood or
they're still living outside in LA Kyle
Gillan was not yet a Hollywood insider
but the blacklist clearly helped his
movie keep buzzing dissecting hype is
hard take 2012's Argo it got 28 votes on
the 2010 blacklist it already had a
reputation it was based on a great 2007
Joshua Behrman wired article optioned by
George Clooney
they got former CIA agent Tony Mendez
involved so it had energy but the buzz
kind of leveled off then after the 2010
blacklist came out Ben Affleck decided
to direct the blacklist didn't make Argo
or Joon
happen but it got the scripts noticed it
didn't single-handedly greenlight the
hundreds of movies its feature some
you've heard of some you have it but it
has amplified buzz that isn't about big
stars and amusement park ride
adaptations toy friendly sequels or
superhero franchises its buzz about
words stories today the blacklist is a
well-oiled machine including its own
podcasts events and online submission
network and it's all focused on
generating hype about writing I know
when I am leading a good script because
the rest of the world ceases to exist
and when you're finished you're a little
sad because you don't get to spend any
more time in that world and with those
characters the beaver was not a
box-office hit it ended up in 216th
place in 2011 the Rotten Tomatoes rating
61% fine but not great
in the beginning of the beaver there's a
scene where Mel Gibson is about to walk
back to his car and drive home but then
he stops Mel sees something mangy and
weird in the pile of trash he pulls the
beaver out and then everything changes
you
you
