Hans Zimmer's score for Dunkirk starts
with the sound of ticking and that's a
common theme in the legendary composers
work you can hear it in interstellar and
in Sherlock Holmes
but in Dunkirk the ticking makes way for
an overwhelming orchestra that seems
like it's rising higher and higher but
never actually does it's so tense it
makes you cling to your seat
that is because Zimmer is taking
advantage of an auditory illusion caused
by something called a Shepard tone it
consists of several tones separated by
an octave layered on top of each other
as the tones move up the scale the
highest pitch tone gets quieter the
middle pitch remains loud and the lowest
base pitch starts to become audible
because you can always hear at least two
tones rising in pitch at the same time
your brain is tricked into perceiving a
constant ascending tone loop it all
together and it sounds like a piano
scale going on for infinity when the
transition between tones is continuous
it's called a Shepard reset glissando
and it can sound really spooky this can
happen in the opposite direction too
you can hear at any endless stairs in
Super Mario 64 and in pink floyd--
it's like a barber's pole of sound
constantly seeming to rise without
actually going anywhere put that in a
soundtrack
and it creates the sound of rising
tension the carry the screenplay forward
Christopher Nolan loves the solution you
can hear it in the Batpod sound effect
in the last two Dark Knight films
and in the music of The Prestige
composed by David Julian
Nolan's films are often all about time
how it warps in space and our dreams and
our memories and there's tension that
comes with that an illusion like this
makes that tension palpable all it takes
is clever sound design I just want to
give a shout out to Jason Gore our CEO
and Business Insider for doing this
great interview with Christopher Nolan
in the interview Nolan confirms that a
lot of the soundtrack was built around
the effect of a Shepard tone and he also
reveals that the ticking that hans
zimmer uses at the very beginning of
Dunkirk is actually a recording of a
watch that Christopher Nolan owns
