all the mainstream media wants to talk
about is Russia Russia Russia but what
about the president's accomplishment so
it's been a bad week for the Trump
administration newly released emails
showed that Trump jr. Trump's former
campaign chair and Trump's son-in-law
all met with a Russian attorney in June
of 2016 after being promised damaging
info about Hillary Clinton and they did
it believing that that info was coming
from the Russian government which was
trying to help Trump win the election
that's a huge deal it shows the Trump
campaigns intent to collude with Russia
and it potentially violates federal law
regarding soliciting information from
hostile foreign governments that being
said it's been a hilarious week to watch
Fox News and I'm not really dating
anyone right now so I decided to compile
my favorite fox news defenses of Trump
juniors Russia meeting please enjoy
mainstream media is once again foaming
at the mouth over Russia Russia Russia
number one Trump jr. is the real victim
here Don jr. is the victim here it
looked like the whole thing was a setup
if I was Don jr. I'd be serious Jr they
think that this meeting could have been
a setup made to give the appearance of
Russian collusion somebody set up the
meeting got Trump jr. to agree to it and
then waited four months until after
Hillary lost the election to make it
public well this seems to be a setup of
some sort - how was he supposed to know
what collusion is he's not a seasoned
political operative he's just trying to
help his father there's a big difference
between collusion and just not knowing
better this just goes to show how far
they have matured as the campaign is
going on we were new to that nice lowest
possible bar three who wouldn't agree to
collude with the Russian government I'm
sorry but how could you not listen to
that whoever turns down gossip about an
enemy no one ever does and you don't
even give a damn about the source that
is like Fox News's philosophy in a
nutshell actually for guess it we know
real felonies real crimes were committed
Hillary Clinton was worse
Hillary Clinton Knicks handle top secret
information I am genuinely concerned
about Jean Harriet
darkness we're now living through is a
massive huge double standard can you
imagine if Hillary could actually won
the election and any show would see him
getting but her emails
tattooed on different parts of his body
every night five this is actually all
Obama's fault if you have a problem with
what Russia's doing huh then you have a
problems with what you got this
applause Obama did to stop them from
doing it but he never apparently stick
the landing
never stopped any of this from happening
nice makes no sense
six the real problem is people leaking
to the press get wind up in the hands in
near time this white hasn't got a leak
in trouble are you saying the why not it
needs a plumber
I'm so dead inside and the last and
maybe least funny one so on the meeting
was meaningless did nothing to produce
anything where's the collusion from jr.
Leffler getting any dirt on the rival
campaign let alone making any agreement
to sell out his country
there's no cohesion because she didn't
give you anything what's so wrong with
trying to work with the hospital foreign
government to influence the auction
Donald Trump jr. growth no laws likely
both no ethics election ethics rules
listing is not a crime we think people
is not a crime 20-minute meeting to
listen to something is not to mention
here is what's going to happen this is
pretty lobbyist in Washington he meet
with foreign agents who are seeking to
influence American policy that standard
here and has been for a long time this
kind of stuff is harder to lack for one
it's wrong having contact with foreign
governments is not the same as working
with a hostile one to influence the
election for Christ's sake and
soliciting information like this could
actually be a violation of federal law
even if from jr. got nothing out of it
but the real reason this talking point
is scary is because it's downplaying a
gross violation of democratic norms I've
never seen liberal cement you would have
thought someone lit a cigarette in a
restaurant or forgot to recycle I mean
that level of Rage box is training his
viewers to roll their eyes the
mainstream media's obsession that Russia
continues but do you the people even
care about that the treat collusion as
just another
kradic talking point this is a part of
the normal process of the dirty
political system that we live in today
always happens and if anyone says it
does it is a lie
and as this Russia story keeps getting
worse we're going to clean just how far
the network is willing to go stay on
Trump's good set
