I'm on an island near the North Pole and
I'm here to find out who owns the Arctic
as the ice melts more and more in this
region shrinking one of these countries
has shown that they're willing to fight
for it
Russia is making a new push into the
Arctic this is the investment
opportunities opening up in sort of an
unusual area the Russian Arctic Arctic
region has strategic and economic
importance face of melting is only
getting fast Russia projecting because
more is born to tourists show you use
diplomacy to avoid further conflict in
the high north so I'm not allowed to
take my camera down into the mine so if
it given this explosion-proof super
fortified camera in case it explodes it
won't cause a death fire for the entire
community
so this coal mine is owned by the
Russian government it's in a town with
Russian flags and the bust of a Russian
Communist revolutionary Vladimir Lenin
but this isn't Russia
it's Barentsburg on the island of
Svalbard near the North Pole
it's a place that exists for strategic
reasons not for making money in fact it
loses money has for decades
fikriye - though she has knowledge
though this a sabaha days denied
eternity for the bacala and any pre no
sadaqa kissed on the whole double shake
at the pond yet
Russia funds this place because for them
it means influence in this region a
frozen ocean that is melting more and
more every year due to the changing
climate this is what the Arctic Ocean
looked like in September 1984
fast forward 32 years and this is what
it looks like September 2016 most of the
world sees this as a looming disaster
but for the Arctic nations this change
means an opportunity access to a brand
new ocean here's what geologists think
oil and gas resources might look like in
the Arctic the US Geological Survey
estimates that the region holds 30
percent of the world's undiscovered
natural gas and 13% of its oil these
resources are still remote and costly to
access but they're more accessible every
year and suddenly this desolate region
is very interesting to the world new
shipping routes are also opening up and
this ocean that was once frozen is now
navigable for longer periods every
summer cutting weeks off the trips
between Asian and Western markets the
topic of borders in the Arctic region is
a little bit complex and it's an issue
that's still opened for discussion and
negotiation currently the border lines
in the Arctic Ocean look like this every
country gets their default maritime
borders that are 200 nautical miles off
their coast the rest of the water that
doesn't fall within these exclusive
economic zones is up for grabs to anyone
who can prove that it belongs to them
and that has a lot to do with a
continental shelf a continental shelf is
a part of a country's landmass it's just
covered with ocean the continental shelf
continues until it drops off into the
deeper parts of the ocean since the ice
has been melting countries have been
sending out submarines to gather data on
the continental shelf they put together
a scientific case and submit it to a UN
committee this committee reviews it and
decides whether or not the countries
claim is scientifically valid extending
from our coastlines lying beneath the
sea
is an extension of our country called
the continental shelf it determines the
new borders of our country knowing where
the edge of the continental shelf lies
adds millions of square kilometers to
our country and makes the resources on
the seafloor and beneath the seabed
Canada so far Norway and Iceland are the
only two nations whose continental shelf
claims have been submitted and approved
by the UN but others have submitted
claims that are waiting for approval
look at Russia's claims versus that of
Greenland the large Arctic island that
actually belongs to Denmark the claims
overlap significantly Canada is in the
process of gathering data and is
expected to submit a claim that will
also have some overlap here the UN
committee that evaluates these claims is
made up of scientists not diplomats
their sole job is to say whether or not
the claim is scientifically valid it's
then up to the countries to negotiate
how to work out who gets what
Russia has shown its interest in having
a claim that extends all the way to the
North Pole in 2007 Russia went so far as
to plant its flag on the seafloor under
the North Pole and if push comes to
shove Russia likely won't concede its
North Pole claim to the tiny nation of
Denmark whose claims overlap with theirs
Russia is easily the biggest player in
the Arctic neighborhood half of the
Arctic is flanked by Russian coasts and
they easily wield the most influence and
they have the most to gain from global
warming in the ice melting and so their
reef fortifying and renovating a lot of
their strategic outposts here in the
Arctic
50 airfields by 2020 putting special
forces there training holding military
exercises in the Arctic in recent years
Russia has been reopening fortifying and
building new military bases in the
Arctic region
they've been publicizing their military
exercises which include reindeer Huskies
and soldiers and uniforms that look like
they belong in a Star Wars film Russia
is sending us important signals that in
the Arctic they will project their own
power and capabilities and I don't see a
sufficient response from the US and NATO
to recognize that increased military
position one of those outposts is the
town of Barentsburg which is right
behind me here on the island of Svalbard
Barentsburg is in a military facility
like all those other dots on the map but
it serves a similar purpose and to
understand why Russia wants a town on
this island you have to understand suave
art it's unlike any other piece of land
on earth and not only because it's the
northernmost inhabited part of the
planet
the Svalbard treaty signed in 1920 says
that any country who has signed the
treaty can have its people on Svalbard
and exploit the land for commercial or
economic purposes the land technically
belongs to Norway but 45 countries have
signed the treaty and so 45 countries
have economic claim to this land the one
rule is that no nation including Norway
is allowed to have military assets on
Svalbard
so Russia set up a coal mine up here not
to make money Russia pays for these coal
miners to be here to sink economic
routes into this land if there's ever
dispute about boundaries or if oil is
someday found off the shores of Svalbard
Russia will be at the table where those
discussions are happening and
Barentsburg will be their bargaining
chip it's their claim to this land
what's most fascinating to me is that
this strategy plays out with people the
people living here in barentsburg are
effectively placeholders for a Russian
strategy for the Arctic and yet when you
talk to them that's not really on their
mind
i don4t listen definition developers I
wouldn't they're not thinking about
geopolitics they're not thinking about
the changing landscape of the Arctic and
what that means for Russian policy up
 for Russia coal has been their main
economic activity it's been they've been
doing here for years but coal is in
decline and their operation is slowly
losing people and interest and so
they're realizing they have to pivot to
a different economic activity that is
more sustainable for the future and for
them the answer is tourism on
Soderbergh's it's kind of clear that
coal mining era is something which is
you know disappearing it's a bust
tourism science nature protection it's
it's future you can see Russia's renewed
interest in this island taking place
when you walk around the town of
Barentsburg the conflict is undergoing
some renovation right now they're like
gutting the whole thing and renovating
after years of neglect it's a small
village of a few hundred people and it
has an entire consulate this consulate
serves more as a statement than a
functional asset for the Russian
government all these renovations suggest
that they expect this ghost town to
become a major tourist destination but
making money isn't the motivation here
of course it's it's impossible that
Barnes burg one day will support itself
you know without any funding from the
government it's it's impossible the
pivot to tourism isn't just about
keeping deep economic roots in
barentsburg it also serves a purpose of
turning Barentsburg into a spectacle for
people to see just how much russian
identity is tied to the Arctic newly
refurbished buildings new Arctic themed
bars museums that tell the story of
Russian presence in the Arctic
these aren't military bases or airfields
but this sort of projection of culture
and identity goes a long way in creating
association with a place and exerting
influence it's called soft power funding
all of this on a faraway island that
belongs to Norway is the epitome of soft
power and it's a perfect complement to
rush a surge in hard power in the Arctic
remember all those dots the most
long-range air patrols with bear bombers
since the Cold War forty five thousand
troops three thousand four hundred
military vehicles 41 ships 15 submarines
and a hundred and ten aircraft what do
you think Russia's trying to achieve in
the Arctic with that massive military
buildup I don't know hey I believe
however that we are going to have to
figure it out but up until now Russia
has been playing by the rules on the
maritime borders front following all the
UN protocol and making claims in a very
orderly fashion but they've also shown
some provocative behavior in protecting
their influence in the region in the one
hand for Russia to benefit economically
from the Arctic it has to be a stable
cooperative environment the best thing
you can do to spook off economic
investment is to think that the region
could be prone to conflict but we have
to remember that this is the government
that annexed Crimea a few years ago it's
a government that's not afraid to
project power in its neighborhood
they're showing us both tracks as sort
of this dual policy of wanting to be
open for business but be able to growl a
little bit and show its muscular teeth
for its military and those too
eventually you they're a little
incompatible
this region is changing fast
the treaties and norms that have kept it
in order for years are becoming
incompatible with the physical realities
as the ice melts the region will become
more valuable new borders will be drawn
and new opportunities to project power
will emerge we can only hope that Russia
continues to play by the rules
my favorite part about being in the
Arctic wall is making this story was
going on these late night hikes a lot of
the footage in this video was shot after
midnight when the Sun would just kind of
hover around the horizon the light would
be beautiful for hours at a time and it
was just such a crazy experience to
watch the Sun never set anyway thanks
for watching the second episode of
borders I published the first episode
last week and I'm gonna continue to
publish these every week on Tuesdays I
also want to say a big thank you to
Lululemon who is a sponsor of borders
they sent me these ABC pants which are
these sturdy pants that are used for
both active hiking as well as just kind
of lounging around they're super
comfortable Thank You Lululemon for
sending me these ABC pants but more
importantly thanks for supporting
borders and for making this whole thing
happen if you want to check out these
ABC pants I'm gonna leave a link here
where you can go over to the lu lu shop
online and check them out for yourself
that's it stay tuned one week from now
I'm releasing the next episode of
Hoarders
