there's a lot of water on our planet and
it goes by a lot of different names
gulfs and Leroy OHS and fjords are all
bodies of water but each one represents
something unique so let's try to
understand them
let's start big the ocean is the large
saltwater body that covers most of the
earth technically it's the whole thing
but we often split it into five parts
with five different names si can mean
the same thing as ocean though it's more
specifically used for a large inland
body of salt water like the Caspian Sea
a bay is a part of an ocean bounded by
land on three sides a Cove is one too
but it usually has a smaller entrance
often in a mountain make a baby girl and
it's a gulf while a bite is a slider in
smaller indentation a fjord is like a
bay with a steep entrance often
consisting of mountains in Scotland and
England you might hear about a first
it's like a Ford but it can be a broader
term for bays as well a sound is like a
large bay but often longer and between
two sections of land sometimes people
call it a channel or straight if it
connects to larger bodies of water
sometimes a channel is a bit wider heard
of a lagoon it's a shallow body of water
separated from a larger body of water a
bearish schwa is a coastal Lagoon and it
split from the ocean by a sandbar you'll
hear that word a lot in eastern Canada
it fills up at high tide a tidal pool
shows up at low tide a delta is where a
river flows a new ocean or lake or into
an estuary which is separate from the
ocean it may be where saltwater and
freshwater mix the water isn't all about
the ocean
let's go inland
a lake is usually fresh water contained
in land but there are a few types Locke
is a Scottish word for lake but it's
also in inlet that can connect to the
ocean that's what Loch Ness is no
comment on the monster
a pond is a particularly small lake
while a mirror is a notably shallow one
think of a big puddle a Tarn is
determined by its location you'll find
it on a mountain usually in a spot that
has been carved out by a glacier a Ketel
lake is similar but it forms when a
melting glaciers water shapes a mountain
an oxbow lake is special to it comes
from a river the changed course and left
a lake behind in Australia it's called a
Billabong can we get a kangaroo
okay fine a lake is fed by a tributary
which is a kind of river water that
flows from high ground to low a creek is
a small stream there are a lot of other
names for it like Kill rivulet back or
gill a branch of a river used to even be
called a spring
an arroyo is a Spanish word for a creek
that fills in after a heavy rain and
it's commonly used in the American
Southwest it's called a Wadi in Arabic
elsewhere it might be called a wash a
fresh shot has a few definitions but
usually it fills with water after a
heavy snow a spring shows up when ground
water flows to the surface sometimes Ali
is a natural spring flowing under the
earth a geyser is a spring that boils
and occasionally bursts up the words
name can be traced to geyser meaning to
gush and in the desert coming from
ground water as well you'll find in
Oasis a green and fertile patch that
comes from an isolated lake and no there
are no monsters
these are just some of the many amazing
bodies of water in our world now that
you know the names the next step is easy
start exploring them
so just in case you doubted the true
epicness of my journey in a rented kayak
down the Potomac River these bodies of
water are connected in the Potomac they
have found bull sharks and eventually
swum in from other bodies of water
