in the fourth Transformers movie there's
a scene where a random guy in an
elevator helps stanley tucci beat
someone up that guy turns out he's a
Chinese boxer zou shiming a world
champion and gold medalist elsewhere in
the movie you'll see product placement
everywhere from a Chinese milk box and
even a Chinese bank ATM in Texas of all
places
if you didn't recognize these references
that's because they weren't meant for
you the growth of China's middle class
has created a massive new market for the
entertainment industry next year China's
box office revenue will likely surpass
the US making it the largest movie
market in the world China has built 27
new cinema screens per day on average
this year in as of November 2016 the
country has more screens in total than
the US obviously the movie makers in
Hollywood want to reach those customers
transformers for a movie criticized for
literally making no sense at all was the
only film in 2014 to collect over 1
billion dollars worldwide at the box
office thanks to Chinese viewers the
problem is the Chinese government only
allows a certain number of foreign films
to enter the country each year and each
one has to pass through the government
censorship agency there's kind of
contradictory impulses on the one hand
China wants to be the best at everything
they want to succeed on the other hand
they want to promote what the leader is
promoting Chinese propaganda or
socialist core values before the 1990s
very few Hollywood movies made it to
Chinese audiences the Chinese government
had its own film industry and they used
it to distribute propaganda but it was
failing in 1979 twenty-three point nine
billion tickets were purchased in 1993
that drew up to nine point five billion
but in 1994 things started to change the
fugitive became the first new American
film set for general release to the
Chinese public it was so popular that
scalpers outside theaters were getting
double the price of the ticket one
dollar and twenty five cents ten foreign
films were allowed in 99
before and since then Hollywood has
pushed the US government to continually
negotiate for higher quotas these days a
us film typically makes it into a
Chinese movie theater in one of three
ways through revenue sharing
co-producing with a Chinese company or
through a flat fee the most common is
the revenue sharing model where the
studio gets 25 percent of the revenue
but only 34 films per year are allowed
over the last 10 years American films
have strategically incorporated positive
Chinese story elements to bolster their
chances of being one of the films
selected in Red Dawn the enemy was
originally China but changed to North
Korea in post-production in the film
2012 Oliver Platt says praising China
for building arts in advance World War Z
the book had the virus start in China
due to illegal organ trade that's not
the case in the movie in the Martian the
Chinese space industry saves the day
thanks to my uncle Tommy in China we got
another chance at this millions of
dollars were actually invested in the
film by Bona film group in China it's
important to note though that studios
don't have to do this Harry Potter is a
great example if you look at the
regulations in a very strict sense the
theoretically something like a Harry
Potter film should not be shown because
you're not supposed to have superstition
and wizards and things like that but
it's very hard to deny the Chinese
audience Harry Potter now there are two
ways to get around the 34 film limit the
least popular among big Hollywood
studios today is the flat fee model
because they're selling the film at a
fraction of the cost and China gets a
hundred percent of the ticket sales the
other option is co producing the movie
with the Chinese companies so that it's
not technically a foreign film but Co
productions are the most tightly
regulated with strict guidelines on
things like the film shooting location
and its finances it also has to have at
least a third of the cast be Chinese
in short China's somehow has to play a
significant role in the film and
it can't be as the village weapons IQ
the man before looper was released its
director and studio partnered with dmg a
Chinese based entertainment company to
adapt the film to a Chinese audience dmg
recommended that the script be rewritten
to take place in Shanghai rather than
its original location in Paris but
ultimately separate American and Chinese
versions of looper were released because
the Chinese scenes in the film didn't
resonate with US and international
audiences and that's always the issue
when you're dealing with China and
deciding on a co-production as important
as the China market is it's not the only
market ultimately China wants their own
films to outnumber and outplay their
foreign competitors so they're building
their own Hollywood it's an eight point
two billion dollar investment slated to
open April 2017 from the same company
that actually brought AMC in 2012 and
subsequently doubled their ticket sales
sure
China will share their facilities with
US studios but their doors are still
only half open that film quota that has
held the u.s. at bay for the last two
decades will also apply to Hollywood
studios vying to book the
state-of-the-art facilities
